What 's the FCC fine for that ?
Anyone ?
It 's bad enough that he would n't even look at Obama , but swearing ?
Rememebr what happened to Janet Jackson when she violated the FCC ?
Did n't her career tank ?
McCain 's temperament disqualifies him for the oval office in my opinion , and if he's not even capable of keeping it clean for 90 minutes , how exactly is he going to make it four years ?
John McCain testifies in a Los Angeles courtroom Oct. 26 , 1991 , during the trial of former Lincoln Savings and Loan head Charles Keating .
Exclusive : Obama to hit McCain on Keating Five
Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) on Monday is launching a multimedia campaign to draw attention to the involvement of Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) in the “ Keating Five ” savings - and - loan scandal of 1989 - 91 , which blemished McCain ’s public image and set him on his course as a self - styled reformer .
Pushing back against what it calls McCain's “ guilt - by - association ” tactics , the Obama campaign overnight began e-mailing millions of supporters a link to a website , KeatingEconomics.com , which will have a 13 - minute documentary on the scandal beginning at noon Eastern time on Monday .
The e-mails urge recipients to pass the link on to friends .
Advertisement
The Obama campaign , including its surrogates appearing on radio and television , will argue that the deregulatory fervor that caused massive , cascading savings - and - loan collapses in the late ‘ 80s was pursued by McCain throughout his career , and helped cause the current credit crisis .
Obama - Biden communications director Dan Pfeiffer said : “ While John McCain may want to turn the page on his erratic response to the current economic crisis , we think voters will find his involvement in a similar crisis to be particularly interesting .
His involvement with Keating is a window into McCain ’s economic past , present , and future . ”
The sudden spate of personal attacks continued Monday , with McCain releasing an ad called " Dangerous " : " Who is Barack Obama ?
He says our troops in Afghanistan are ' just air - raiding villages and killing civilians . '
How dishonorable .
Congressional liberals voted repeatedly to cut off funding to our active troops .
Increasing the risk on their lives .
How dangerous .
Obama and Congressional liberals .
Too risky for America . "
Obama ’s Keating offensive comes after McCain ’s running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , spent two days telling voters , donors and reporters that Obama showed poor judgment in his relationship with the former radical William Ayers .
McCain ’s campaign has vowed to make a major issue of Obama ’s Chicago relationships in coming days , with a senior McCain official telling Politico that they are “ the vehicle that allows us to question Obama ’s truthfulness about his past and his plans for the future . ”
The McCain campaign also plans to invoke money launderer Tony Rezko .
Officials say they will not bring up Obama 's former minister , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , because McCain has forbidden his campaign from using that as an attack .
But the officials said outside groups supporting McCain might highlight Wright .
Responding to the Keating blast from the past , a Republican official said the Obama team seemed " frantic " at " the mere mention of the word ' Ayers . ' "
McCain - Palin spokesman Brian Rogers said : " The difference here is clear .
John McCain has been open and honest about the Keating matter , and even the Democratic special counsel in charge recommended that Senator McCain be completely exonerated .
By contrast , Barack Obama has been fundamentally dishonest about his friendship and work with the unrepentant terrorist William Ayers , whose radical group bombed the Pentagon and the U.S. Capitol .
Nor has Barack Obama come clean on his close friendship with Tony Rezko , a felon convicted on bribery charges who subsidized the purchase of Barack Obama ’s home .
It 's obvious that Barack Obama is frantically attacking because he knows that most voters find these kinds of friendships , and the failed judgment they expose , to be unacceptable for our next president . "
Obama website about Keating says : “ The current economic crisis demands that we understand John McCain 's attitudes about economic oversight and corporate influence in federal regulation .
...
The Keating scandal is eerily similar to today 's credit crisis , where a lack of regulation and cozy relationships between the financial industry and Congress has allowed banks to make risky loans and profit by bending the rules . ”
In 1991 , the Senate Ethics Committee cleared McCain of corruption charges but cited him for “ poor judgment ” in meeting with federal regulators on behalf of Charles H. Keating Jr. , a political patron who went to prison for fraud in connection with the collapse of the California - based Lincoln Savings and Loan Association , which at the time was one of the biggest financial failures in the nation ’s history .
A trailer for the campaign - produced documentary features William K. Black , a former bank regulator who McCain met with in the Keating case , saying : “ The Keating Five involved all the things that have brought the modern crisis .
Senator McCain has not learned the lesson , and has continued to follow policies that are going to produce a disaster . ”
The Obama website has news clips and a narrative explaining the scandal and McCain ’s involvement for voters and reporters .
The Keating episode took a searing toll on the senator and his wife , Cindy .
Robert Timberg , in his 1999 biography “ John McCain : An American Odyssey , ” wrote that the trouble began with the senator “ carelessly choosing his friends . ”
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The cost to insure the debt of Washington Mutual Inc WM.N hit a new record on Monday , more than reversing gains made in early morning trading , after the U.S. savings and loan ousted its chief executive and was put under special regulatory supervision .
WaMu ’s credit default swaps jumped to 28 percent on an upfront basis , meaning it costs $ 2.8 million to insure $ 10 million in debt for five years , in addition to annual payments of 500 basis points , or $ 500,000 , according to broker Phoenix Partners Group .
The swaps traded at 26.5 percent upfront on Friday , and fell to 23.5 percent upfront on Monday morning , according to Phoenix .
The headquarters of mortgage lender Freddie Mac is seen in Mclean , Virginia , near Washington , September 8 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The FBI is investigating Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc and insurer American International Group Inc and their senior executives for potential mortgage fraud , CNN reported on Tuesday .
The FBI did not provide specifics but said the inquiries were part of a broader probe , CNN said .
The bureau is trying to determine whether anyone in those financial institutions , including their senior executives , had any responsibility for providing “ misinformation , ” CNN reported .
“ As part of our investigative responsibility , the FBI conducts corporate fraud investigations .
The number of cases fluctuates over time , however we do not discuss which companies may or may not be the subject of an investigation , ” said Justice Department spokesman Brian Roehrkasse .
A federal law enforcement official confirmed the FBI is now looking at 26 cases of potential corporate fraud related to the collapse of the U.S. mortgage lending industry .
FBI Director Robert Mueller told the U.S. Congress a week ago that 24 cases of potential corporate fraud were under investigation , up from 21 disclosed by the bureau in July .
In testimony before the House of Representatives Judiciary Committee , the FBI chief also vowed to pursue corporate executives if necessary in mortgage fraud cases .
Mueller said the FBI was looking at all levels of the mortgage systems .
With respect to the corporate probes , which could result in federal charges , “ the allegations would be there were misstatements of assets , ” he said .
Raon Digital has released their new SSD - based Everun Note Netbooks .
The archetye will be accessible in two versions which accommodate low - end S16S & the high - end D24S .
The $ 659 S16S features 16GB SSD , 1.2GHz Sempron CPU and Linux Ubuntu OS and the $ 950 D24S features 1.2GHz Turion 24GB SSD [ 8 GB fast SLC , 16GB accepted MLC ] , 64 X2 CPU , and Microsoft Windows XP OS .
The Raon Digital Everun D24S is currently accessible in the market while the S16S is advancing this mid-November 2008 .
Product Page
The International Astronomical Union ( the IAU ) today announced that the object previously known as 2003 EL61 is to be classified as the fifth dwarf planet in the Solar System and named Haumea .
The decision was made after discussions by members of the International Astronomical Union 's Committee on Small Body Nomenclature ( CSBN ) and the IAU Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature ( WGPSN ) .
This now means that the family of dwarf planets in the Solar System is up to five .
They are now Ceres , Pluto , Haumea , Eris and Makemake .
The discovery of Haumea was announced in mid-2005 , and the object was initially given the provisional designation of 2003 EL61 .
It is a bizarre object with a shape resembling a plump cigar .
Its diameter is approximately the same as that of the dwarf planet Pluto ; however , its odd shape means that it is much thinner .
It is also known to be spinning very fast , making one rotation in about four hours .
Some have suggested that this rapid rotation could be the reason Haumea came to look as it does - the dwarf planet has been drawn out and elongated by its swift spin .
Haumea sits among the trans - Neptunian objects , a vast ring of distant cold and rocky bodies in the outer Solar System .
At this moment it is roughly 50 times the Sun-Earth distance from the Sun , but at its closest the elliptical orbit of Haumea brings it 35 times the Sun - Earth distance from our star .
Haumea is the name of the goddess of childbirth and fertility in Hawaiian mythology .
The name is particularly apt as the goddess Haumea also represents the element of stone and observations of Haumea hint that , unusually , the dwarf planet is almost entirely composed of rock with a crust of pure ice .
Hawaiian mythology says that the goddess Haumea 's children sprang from different parts of her body .
The dwarf planet Haumea has a similar history , as it is joined in its orbit by two satellites that are thought to have been created by impacts with it in the past .
During these impacts , parts of Haumea 's icy surface were blasted off .
The debris from these impacts is then thought to have gone onto form the two moons .
After their discovery , in 2005 , the moons were also given provisional designations , but have now too been given names by the CSBN and the WGPSN .
The first and largest moon is to be called Hiʻiaka , after the Hawaiian goddess who is said to have been born from the mouth of Haumea and the matron goddess of the island of Hawaiʻi .
The second moon of Haumea is named Namaka , a water spirit who is said to have been born from Haumea 's body .
Notes
The IAU is the international astronomical organisation that brings together almost 10,000 distinguished astronomers from all nations of the world .
Its mission is to promote and safeguard the science of astronomy in all its aspects through international cooperation .
The IAU also serves as the internationally recognised authority for assigning designations to celestial bodies and the surface features on them .
Founded in 1919 , the IAU is the world 's largest professional body for astronomers .
For more information , please contact :
Lars Lindberg Christensen
IAU Press Officer
ESA / Hubble , Garching , Germany
Tel : +49-89-32-00-63-06
Cell : +49-173-3872-621
E-mail : lars@eso.org
Links
Information about Pluto and the other dwarf planets :
http://www.iau.org/public_press/themes/pluto/
Science paper describing Haumea 's physical properties :
http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/abs/10.1086/499575
IAU website :
http://www.iau.org/
Breaking up is hard to do , and few know this better than a lifelike sex doll owner who Shizuoka police have charged with illegal dumping .
On August 21 , the 60 - year - old unemployed resident of Izu ( Shizuoka prefecture ) wrapped his 1.7 - meter tall , 50 - kilogram silicone girlfriend in a sleeping bag , drove to a remote wooded area , and dumped her .
A nice , clean break , he thought .
But nearly two weeks later , on September 1 , a couple alerted police after discovering what appeared to be a corpse while walking their dog .
The body had been wrapped in a bag and bound around the neck , waist and ankles .
A head of black hair protruded from one end of the bag .
Police retrieved the body and immediately launched a criminal investigation .
But several hours later , when forensic pathologists began to unwrap the " corpse " to perform the post - mortem , they realized it was actually a state - of - the - art sex doll .
Seeing themselves as victims of a malicious prank , the authorities vowed to track down the perpetrator and charge him with interfering with police business .
The incident quickly captured the attention of the national ( and international ) press .
After seeing the news reports , the culprit realized the trouble he had caused and contacted police on September 6 .
According to investigators , the man had lived with the sophisticated doll for several years after his wife passed away , but decided to part with her after making plans to move in with one of his children .
" It seems he grew attached to the doll over the years , " said the chief investigator .
" He was confused about how to get rid of her .
He thought it would be cruel to cut her up into pieces and throw her out with the trash , so he proceeded to dump her illegally . "
The man , who regrets his lifelike doll was mistaken for a corpse , now faces fines for violating Japan 's Waste Management Law .
[ Source : ZAKZAK , Yomiuri ]
[ digg-reddit-me ]
sweetafton23 , also of the offbeat reddit hit , Britney Spears ’ ‘ Toxic ’ on a ukulele , apparently has some of her own material .
Some sample lyrics :
The years are going by so fast – it really is bewilderin ’ ;
and we ’ll be so called ‘ grownups ’ and have mortgages and children .
I hope we all gain worldliness and wisdom and maturity ;
but I hope most of all that MySpace falls into obscurity …
I hope our profiles all go dead , entombed in distant servers –
a monument to our youth , though lacking its observers .
Your page will be an empty shell when no one is behind it
I hope your MySpace stays forever … and i hope that your kids find it .
I hope that you forget about your MySpace ;
I hope it slips completely from your mind ,
and I hope it stays up long enough for the next generation to find ;
and I hope that it embarrasses your children ;
I hope their bratty friends all forward it around .
And I hope you forget your password so you cannot take it down …
This page has been listed as needing cleanup since 2006 - 12-06
Rove : McCain made ' brilliant , ' ' political ' decision with Palin pick David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday September 2 , 2008
Print This Email This Karl Rove , the former White House fixer who 's made a living in politics for his entire adult life , praised John McCain 's " brilliant " pick of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate even while acknowledging that the pick was motivated solely by politics rather than her ability to step in and become commander in chief .
Fox News host Alan Colmes , demonstrating an uncharacteristic willingness to go after one of his network 's many conservative guests , reminded Rove of his previous observations that Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , who was considered a finalist to be Barack Obama 's No. 2 , had little time in office and his only previous experience was as mayor of a small city .
Kaine ended up not being picked , but Palin -- who had a nearly identical resume , earned McCain 's blessing as the person the 72 - year - old Republican thought would be uniquely suited to become Commander in Chief if anything were to happen to him .
So did that selection have purely political motives , Colmes asked .
" Both of the campaigns made a political choice , " Rove said , unable to single out the Republican candidate for criticism .
Filibustering until the end of the Hannity & Colmes segment , Rove went on to explain how , like McCain , Obama did n't end up choosing the running mate he best thought would be able to run the country .
Obama 's vice presidential nominee is Joe Biden , a Senate veteran who chairs the Foreign Affairs committee and has half a lifetime of experience navigating Washington and the world , but in Rove 's view , all the Delaware senator offers is some help picking up " working class Catholic voters , " while he " covers the weakness of Obama " on foreign policy .
It 's hard to see in what ways Palin , the first - term governor of one of the least populous states in the country , helps to fill out McCain 's resume .
Rove had little to offer in this arena .
" He made the decision he did , " Rove said succinctly .
" And it was a brilliant decision . "
This video is from Fox 's Hannity & Colmes , broadcast September 1 , 2008 .
Download video
A drunk passenger on a Russian internal flight caused a hijack scare Friday , Russia 's Interfax news agency quoted a law enforcement source as saying .
REUTERS / Graphic
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - A drunk passenger on a Russian internal flight caused a hijack scare Friday , Russia ’s Interfax news agency quoted a law enforcement source as saying .
A Russian law enforcement source had at first told Interfax a man shouting “ Allah Akbar ” had demanded the plane from the Black Sea resort of Sochi to Moscow divert to Vienna .
Later , the news agency quoted a law enforcement source as saying the aircraft ’s crew had been in contact with air traffic controllers and that the incident may have been caused by a drunken passenger .
“ The situation is under control , ” Interfax quoted the source as saying .
Adler is a town on Russia ’s Black Sea coast in the mainly Muslim north Caucasus .
The nearby city of Sochi will host the 2014 Winter Olympic Games .
In a BBC press release today , the title of this year 's Christmas Special has been announced - it is The Next Doctor .
The statement also reveals plans for this year 's CHILDREN IN NEED ; a competition to win a tour round the UPPER BOAT studios .
SOURCE
Labels : 2008 Christmas Special , Children In Need , Children In Need 2008 , Children In Need Competition , David Morrissey , Doctor Who Children In Need , dr who xmas cybermen , The Next Doctor
Tanvir Hussain , Abdulla Ahmed Ali and Assad Sarwar were found guilty Counter - terrorism officials are said to be " dismayed " by the outcome of a trial in which eight men were accused of a plot to blow up transatlantic planes .
Three men were convicted of conspiracy to murder but the jury did not convict any defendant of targeting aircraft .
One man was cleared of all charges .
The BBC's Frank Gardner said there had been " astonishment " in Whitehall as the evidence was considered to be strong .
Prosecutors have until the end of the month to consider a retrial of the men .
Abdulla Ahmed Ali , Assad Sarwar and Tanvir Hussain were convicted of conspiracy to murder but a jury was unable to reach verdicts on the other charge .
The court was also unable to reach any verdicts on four other men .
The men had been accused of plotting to bring down transatlantic airliners with home - made liquid explosives disguised as soft drinks .
Sweeping airport restrictions on liquids in hand luggage were brought in following the arrests in August 2006 .
Limits remain Despite the verdicts , the government said the case had proven it was possible to " create liquid bombs from domestic items " and that limits would remain in place .
A statement from the Department for Transport said : " Aircraft could be vulnerable to such devices so we are right to continue to require restrictions for liquids carried as hand luggage . "
Efforts to develop new detection methods which would allow the restrictions to be eased would continue , it added .
Frank Gardner , the BBC 's security correspondent , said counter - terrorism officials had thought it was an open - and - shut case , with the strongest evidence yet in a British terror trial .
Police and prosecutors expected the jury to accept the alleged links between the accused , al - Qaeda and a fleet of transatlantic airliners , he said .
VERDICTS Conspiracy to murder : Abdulla Ahmed Ali Assad Sarwar Tanvir Hussain
One man not guilty
No verdicts on four others
Verdicts explained
But as these links did not stand up , the recriminations were beginning , he added .
An official close to the investigation when the men were arrested has told the BBC the US government was partly to blame .
The official said it had pressed Pakistan into making arrests before all the legal evidence had been gathered .
' Airport chaos '
Seven men admitted plotting to cause a public nuisance .
An eighth man was cleared at Woolwich Crown Court .
But after more than 50 hours of deliberations , the jury did not find any of the defendants guilty of conspiring to target aircraft .
The jury was unable to reach verdicts on charges relating to the alleged plot to blow up aircraft in respect of Ali , Sarwar and Hussein .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
And jurors were unable to reach verdicts on those charges or conspiracy to murder charges against Ibrahim Savant , 27 , of Stoke Newington , Umar Islam , 30 , of Plaistow , and Waheed Zaman , 24 , and Arafat Waheed Khan , 27 , both of Walthamstow , all London .
Mohammad Gulzar , 27 , of Barking , east London , was found not guilty on both counts .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said the police and security services had saved " countless " lives by disrupting the group .
Professor Michael Clarke , the director of the Royal United Services Institute , told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that the pressure for early arrests may have come from President Bush - even though he had reportedly been advised to wait by the then prime minister , Tony Blair .
Prof Clarke said the case reflected the different approaches of the British and the Americans .
" The United States say they are in a ' war against terror ' and all they want to do is smash any conspiracies .
" What we 're concerned with is a criminal justice approach .
What we want is evidence that would be admissible in court because for us this is an issue of criminality .
" For the British , the evidence will never be better than the night before the plot is sprung .
For the Americans when you see a plot you break it . "
Recorded videos
The court heard prosecutors allege that the eight men were planning to carry liquid explosives on to planes at Heathrow , knowing the devices would evade airport security checks .
Police said the plot had been inspired by al - Qaeda in Pakistan - and the August 2006 arrests caused chaos at airports throughout the country .
But in their defence , the seven men , who had recorded videos denouncing Western foreign policy , said they had only planned to cause a political spectacle and not to kill anyone .
Ali , the ringleader , of Walthamstow , east London , created home - made liquid explosives in a flat which prosecutors said were designed to evade airport security .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Prosecutors said the bombers would then have completed and detonated the devices during their flights once all the targeted planes had taken off .
The plot came to light after the largest ever surveillance operation involving officers from both MI5 , the Metropolitan Police and other forces around the country .
Ali , Sarwar and Hussain , along with Mr Savant , Mr Islam , Mr Khan , and Mr Zaman , also admitted conspiring to cause a public nuisance by making videos threatening bombings .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
NEW YORK ( AP ) 
Prosecutors are investigating allegations that five New York City police officers attacked a tattoo parlor worker and sodomized him with a walkie - talkie in a subway station .
The 24 - year - old man says the officers then wrote him a disorderly conduct ticket and abandoned him as he was writhing in pain .
The police department disputes the allegations and strongly denies the man was sodomized .
" Police officers grappled with an individual who they observed smoking marijuana after he had fled and resisted being handcuffed .
His assertion that he was sodomized is not supported by independent civilian witnesses on the scene , " NYPD spokesman Paul Browne said in a statement .
The case is being investigated by the police department and the Brooklyn District Attorney 's office .
The accusations brought back memories of the 1997 assault of Abner Louima , who was beaten and sodomized with a broomstick in a police precinct by officers in one of the most notorious cases of police brutality in NYPD history .
In the latest case , lawyers for the accuser came forward Thursday afternoon with the startling allegations , and a hospital confirmed that he was admitted on the day of the alleged attack and spent four days there .
The man was back in the hospital on Thursday , complaining he was urinating blood and suffering lingering pain , the Daily News reported .
Lawyers say five police officers approached Michael Mineo on Oct. 15 around 12:30 p.m. because they believed he was smoking marijuana near a subway stop in Brooklyn .
When the tattoo parlor employee entered the station , he claims officers jumped him from behind , handcuffed him and wrestled him to the ground , according to attorney Stephen Jackson .
Mineo told his lawyers that he felt a foot on his neck as the officers beat him , then yanked down his pants and sodomized him with the walkie - talkie .
The lawyers say the officers took the bleeding Mineo into a police car , wrote him a disorderly conduct ticket and left him at the subway station .
" My God , this just sent chills throughout my body when I heard this , " Jackson said .
" This is one of the most horrendous acts of police brutality . "
One of Mineo 's co-workers took him to the hospital , where he remained most of the week with internal injuries .
His attorney says the hospital administrator contacted the Brooklyn District Attorney 's office because it appeared Mineo was the victim of a sexual assault .
Jackson said medical records corroborate Mineo 's story , but would not immediately provide copies of them .
Mineo was not available to speak .
Brookdale Hospital officials confirmed that he was admitted on Oct. 15 and discharged four days later .
Jackson said he and Mineo did n't go public with the allegations right away because they wanted to give prosecutors time to investigate .
A law enforcement official , speaking on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing , said many initial details about the incident cast doubt on Mineo 's claims .
For instance , the official said Mineo initially yelled at the scene that he had been shocked with a stun - gun by the officers , but none of the officers was carrying the weapon .
The Brooklyn District Attorney 's office says it does n't comment on any open investigations .
Mineo was previously arrested in June on a charge of gang assault and criminal possession of a weapon .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I like Jerry Seinfeld .
His show may have ended in 1998 , but I still find myself saying " Cant - stand - ja ! "
And my wife and I often laugh about how my young daughter used to look like she was " doing the Elaine " when she danced .
The guy is a celebrity in my home , even to my children who never saw the show during its first run .
And we 're not the only ones who feel this way about Jerry Seinfeld .
That said , is Microsoft 's decision to use the 90's sitcom star as a pitchman a brilliant move ?
No .
In fact , it 's a decision of no consequence .
Jerry himself might explain it like this :
" You ever wonder why some companies seem ultra cool and hip while others seem like they 're stuck in the '90s ( maybe even the ' 80s ) ?
I do n't know about you , but boy , Microsoft is going a long way to seem " with it . "
It 's like the nerdy kid in high school who throws on a white T - shirt , leather jacket and some pomade to try and look like he's with the in -crowd .
Sure , it 's the " in-crowd " circa 1950 , but so what ? "
News media reports say Microsoft 's straining to seem relevant and connect with a younger audience .
Common wisdom holds that it would help the company to seem more like Apple .
But why do that ?
Microsoft does n't need relevancy with the 12 - to - 34 set .
I 'll tell you what Microsoft needs .
It needs to wipe away the perception that Vista 's early stage incompatibilities still plague the OS and that it's any more complex to use for baseline tasks than a Mac .
Microsoft needs to find a way to get corporations , governments , and agencies to stop stalling and embrace Vista .
That 'll take some work because the companies most likely to buy and upgrade to Vista held off for a few reasons .
They did n't want to deal with the cost and time necessary to retrain folks on the new OS , they were fearful about which legacy apps would no longer work or need costly upgrades , and because in these tough economic times , investing in your business is a tough sell .
Perhaps the Seinfeld plan can help Microsoft most in the consumer space , where Apple 's new , near 10 - percent market share is making the most ground .
Can Seinfeld provide a compelling reason for Joe-consumer to choose Vista over a Mac ?
I doubt it .
Jerry Seinfeld will make consumers laugh and make them feel nostalgic for the glory days of the Seinfeld sitcom , but he wo n't change any minds .
If anything , the Microsoft Mojave experiment was a smarter move .
It certainly cost far less than $ 300 million or even $ 10 million and was delivered in a subtle and smart way .
I know there are critics who say it 's all bogus because those on the clips did n't even use the operating system , but I disagree .
You do n't always combat perception with hard reality .
Sometimes you use , well , influence .
In the clips , I noticed that one of the things they showed participants was how to use " Mojave " ( A.K.A. Vista ) to make a DVD .
Funny because that 's exactly the task I zeroed in on when I wrote my " " column almost a year ago .
The process really is easy .
Is everything in the operating system as pain - free ?
No. Did Microsoft make its point with Mojave and , perhaps , influence a few non-believers along the way ?
Sure .
Of course , the Mac OS has its share of hard realities .
I know many people who have lost work on the Mac or hit a technical brick wall that they can't seem to work around .
And with greater popularity ( especially in the consumer space ) comes more worries about attacks .
Social engineering criminals have already set their sights on Justin Long 's favorite OS .
One sidelight to all this has been the buzz that Seinfeld used a Mac on his old sitcom .
" Used " is a generous term .
I do n't think I ever saw himor any character sit in front of the Mac SE - class system and type a thing .
Even if he did , how is that relevant to computing in 2008 ?
It 's not .
In the end , Jerry Seinfeld can't really harm Vista or Microsoft , but I 'd venture to say that he can't really help them either .
Rather , the software giant needs to go old school .
It needs a killer app connected to a killer ad campaign .
It needs to deliver something smart , edgy , and honest .
When I look into my crystal ball , I see Windows 7 and Stephen Colbert .
TUNED OUT TUNED OUT •
None are both registered to vote and giving " a lot " of thought to the election .
•
The youngest of the young voters ; nearly half are 18 - 21 . • 31 % are students . •
They 're 17 % of young voters .
DOWNBEAT DOWNBEAT •
One - third are registered to vote and are giving " a lot " of thought to the election .
• 55 % are pessimistic about the country 's future .
•
Half are independents .
• 26 % of young voters .
UPBEAT UPBEAT • Two - thirds are registered to vote and giving " a lot " of thought to election .
•
They 're optimistic about the future ; positive toward the candidates .
• 29 % could change their minds about their vote .
• 23 % of young voters .
FIRED UP FIRED UP •
All are registered to vote and say they are giving " a lot " of thought to the election .
•
They 're committed to a candidate ; distrust his opponent .
• 58 % are female .
• 29 % of young voters .
WASHINGTON  Some voters under 30 are conservatives .
An equal number are liberals .
But a striking majority of the Millennial generation agrees on one thing : who should be the next president .
A USA TODAY / MTV / Gallup Poll of registered voters 18 to 29 years old shows Democrat Barack Obama leading Republican John McCain by 61% - 32 % , the most lopsided contest within an age group in any presidential election in modern times .
Obama 's margin is overwhelming across four groups of younger voters , divided by their engagement in the election , their optimism about the future and other factors .
TABLE : Obama leads McCain among youth DATA : USA TODAY / MTV / Gallup Poll
" I think he can actually relate a great deal more to our interests and values and beliefs , " says Lisa Kettunen , 24 , of Otego , N.Y. Kettunen , an administrator at Hartwick College who was among those polled , particularly likes Obama 's stands on protecting the environment and forging better relations around the world .
" We have a lot of really great ideas and hopes for change , " Kettunen says of her generation , " and he 's really speaking to what we want . "
Some Republicans fear that whatever the outcome Nov. 4 , movement of this generation to Obama could set political views through their lifetimes , reverberating in future elections .
" This is the equivalent of the Reagan brigades , where a whole class of people identify with a politician , " says Dan Bartlett , a veteran of the Bush White House , calling it " a real wake - up call " for the GOP .
Bartlett , 37 , grew up during Reagan 's presidency , which begat a generation of young conservatives .
' FIRED UP ' PROFILE : Sold on their election pick ' UPBEAT ' PROFILE : Optimistic about the future ' DOWNBEAT ' PROFILE : Wary of the future ' TUNED OUT ' PROFILE :
They 're just not into it If young people vote for Obama by current margins , he says , " Katy bar the door . "
" This is the time in life you really start to grow your political roots , " Obama adviser Linda Douglass says of those under 30 .
Obama 's strength among younger voters has offset his relative weakness among older ones and reshaped the electoral map .
It has helped put states with comparatively young populations , such as Colorado and New Mexico , in Obama 's reach and made older states such as Pennsylvania and Ohio a harder sell for him than for previous Democratic candidates .
From the opening caucuses in Iowa — where he organized at every college and many high schools —
Obama has targeted young voters with his political messages and campaign methods .
He has made unprecedented use of online fundraising to finance his campaign and social networking and text messaging to reach voters .
Those techniques have underscored his connection with younger Americans .
" Sen . Obama clearly has some advantages with young voters , " acknowledges Michael DuHaime , political director for the McCain campaign , though he says the Republican ticket will get its share of their votes .
He predicts Americans under 30 " are going to turn out in strong numbers . "
MTV'S STREET TEAM : Video from all 50 states
The USA TODAY poll of more than 900 young Americans , taken Sept. 18 - 28 , included interviews by land lines and cellphones , which increasingly are relied on by younger Americans .
( Three - fourths of those surveyed have a cellphone ; one in five report using social networking sites such as Facebook and MySpace to discuss the election . )
By a crushing 6 to 1 , those polled say Obama , 47 , understands " the problems of people your age " better than McCain , 72 .
It 's not only a matter of age : Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin , at 44 the youngest nominee on a major - party ticket , gets the most negative favorability ratings of all among the under - 30 crowd .
" Once McCain announced that Palin was on his ticket , that pretty much sealed the deal , " says Nikki Boone , 26 , of Middletown , Del .
Once " open " to both contenders , she has decided to support Obama .
" I do n't think Palin is a viable candidate , " she says .
By 55 % - 32 % , younger voters say Palin is n't qualified to serve as president , if that were to become necessary .
By 59 % - 19 % , they call Democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden , 65 , qualified .
Meanwhile , Obama 's favorable ratings among those under 30 reach positive territory that is rare for a politician : 71 % favorable , 23 % unfavorable .
Big question :
But will young people turn up at the polls ?
Answer :
Not all of them — about one in five are paying little attention to the campaign — and probably not at the rate more reliable older voters turn out on Election Day .
But that gap narrowed significantly in 2004 , when younger voters gave Democrat John Kerry his strongest support of any age group in his loss to President Bush .
Challenging the boomers Scott Keeter of the Pew Research Center calculates there are 58 million members of the Millennial generation eligible to vote this year , about one - quarter of the total electorate and second in size only to the aging Baby Boomer generation .
Voters under 30 made up 14 % of the those who voted in 2000 ; 16 % in 2004 .
Their participation has been on the rise .
The turnout rate for young voters jumped 9 percentage points in 2004 from 2000 .
In presidential primaries , their turnout nearly doubled in 2008 from 2000 , the last time there were contests in both parties .
" In '04 they disliked Bush and in '08 they really like Obama , " says Peter Levine , director of CIRCLE , a Tufts University research center on civic engagement and youth .
" But as several of these happen in a row you start to wonder whether it's about the kids , not the candidate , at least to some degree .
Other measures of civic engagement such as volunteering are much higher in this decade than they were over the preceding 20 years .
When young people get involved in community service , they ask whether they should also be involved in politics . "
For many , that participation has a Democratic stamp .
By 40 % - 21 % , young people consider themselves Democrats rather than Republicans .
Among all voters in the most recent USA TODAY / Gallup Poll , the partisan breakdown was a closer 35 % - 28 % .
Among young voters , one - third of those who say their parents and families are mostly Republican see themselves as Democrats .
Just 12 % of those who families are mostly Democratic call themselves Republicans .
A USA TODAY analysis divided younger adults into four groups based on their level of political engagement , their optimism or pessimism about the country 's future , their trust in the presidential candidates and the influences they cite as shaping their political views .
Those groups are : • Fired up : Registered to vote , paying a lot of attention to the election and firmly committed to a candidate .
( Read profile of a ' fired up ' voter ) • Upbeat :
The most optimistic about the future and favorably inclined toward both contenders .
( Read profile of an ' upbeat ' voter ) • Downbeat :
The most pessimistic about the future and somewhat less likely to be engaged in the election .
( Read profile of a ' downbeat ' voter ) • Tuned out :
The group least likely to be registered or paying attention to the election and the youngest of the groups .
( Read profile of a ' tuned out ' voter ) Obama 's lead ranges from 38 points among the " upbeat " to 26 points among the " tuned out . "
His margin among younger voters overall , if it holds up on Election Day , would exceed anything recorded for an age group since 1976 , when the first surveys of voters leaving polling places were taken .
It would be bigger than the double - digit advantages for Bill Clinton among younger voters in 1996 and for Reagan among several age groups in his 1984 landslide .
A war their friends fight Younger voters are more likely than older ones to cite education and the environment as major concerns .
But they echo their elders when it comes to the top issue this year : the economy .
Three in 10 call it the single most important issue determining their vote , and nearly half call it one of the most important .
" I probably vote more on the side of being a social conservative , but that 's not what makes me wake up in the morning , " says Wesley Neese , 26 , a McCain supporter from Columbia , S.C. " He 's not my perfect candidate , but I do like his strong position on cutting spending , " in tune with Neese 's conservative fiscal views .
On the war in Iraq , ranked as the second - most important issue , younger voters are more likely than older ones to support pulling U.S. troops out now or to back setting a firm timetable for withdrawal — Obama 's position .
One in four support McCain 's stance of keeping U.S. troops deployed there until the situation is stable , even if that takes years .
It is a war fought disproportionately by their generation .
While just 2 % say they have served in Iraq or Afghanistan , three of four know someone who has .
Nearly one - third know someone who has been killed or injured in the two conflicts .
On lighter matters , younger voters by double - digit margins say they 'd rather have a beer with Obama than McCain .
They say they 'd prefer Obama as a teacher or a boss , and would rather go to him for advice .
On one question , though , they rank McCain first , perhaps reflecting curiosity about the Arizona senator and former Navy pilot 's compelling life story :
They 'd rather read his private diary .
Diverse views , but most are aligned behind Obama Percentage who say they :
Are registered to vote 75 % Plan to vote 73 %
Have given " quite a lot " of thought to the election 64 %
Do you consider yourself : Democrat 40 % Republican 21 % Independent 36 % A USA TODAY / MTV / Gallup
Poll explores the attitudes of Americans18 to 29 toward the 2008 campaign : A LOOK AT THE ISSUES
What are the most important issues in determining your vote ?
Economy 46 % Iraq war 29 % Health care 16 % International issues 11 % Energy / gas prices 9 % Taxes 8 % Education 7 % Abortion 7 % Defense / Homeland Security 5 % Environment 5 %
What should the U.S. do in Iraq ?
Set a timetable for withdrawal and stick to it 44 % Withdraw all troops starting now 26 % Keep troops there until the situation is stable 25 %
Among those surveyed , those who : Know someone who has served in Iraq or Afghanistan : 74 % Know someone injured in Iraq or Afghanistan : 30 % Has served in the military themselves : 6 % Have served in Iraq or Afghanistan : 2 % VIEWS OF THE CANDIDATES
If the election were today , whom would you vote for ?
( registered voters ) Obama McCain 61 % 32 %
Barack Obama John McCain Favorable 71 % 43 % Unfavorable 23 % 45 % Does Obama have enough experience to be president ?
Is McCain too old to be president ?
Yes 57 % 37 % No 36 % 59 % Joe Biden Sarah Palin Favorable 43 % 25 % Unfavorable 35 % 46 % is Biden qualified to become president if necessary ?
Is Palin qualified to become president if necessary ?
Yes 59 % 32 % No 19 % 55 %
Which presidential candidate would you rather ...
Obama McCain
Have a beer with ?
52 % 27 % Have as a teacher in a class ?
65 % 27 % Read his private diary ?
39 % 43 % Have as your boss ?
63 % 28 % Ask for advice ?
51 % 36 % INFLUENTIAL VOICES
Percentage who say their political views have been influenced " a great deal " by : Parents 22 % Religious leaders 14 % Political commentators 12 % Friends 12 % Teachers 11 % Celebrities 6 %
How much do you use social networking sites to follow news about the campaign ?
A great deal 8 % A moderable amount 12 % Not much 22 % Not at all 57 % ASSESSING THE 2008 ELECTION Percentage who say they :
Are registered to vote 75 % Plan to vote 73 %
Have given " quite a lot " of thought to the election 64 %
Do you consider yourself : Democrat 40 % Republican 21 % Independent 36 % Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
WASHINGTON 
An announcement that the United States would sell more than $ 6 billion in advanced weapons to Taiwan elicited strong reactions from leaders in China on Saturday , with officials in Beijing issuing denunciations and warnings that the weapons deal could worsen relations .
The Pentagon ’s Defense Security Cooperation Agency said in a news release on Friday that it had notified Congress about the proposed arms sales .
A State Department spokesman said that Congress had 30 days to raise any objections to the plan .
Among the weapons proposed for sale were $ 3.1 billion in Patriot Advanced Capability - 3 guided missile systems , a sophisticated array of missiles , radars and control systems designed to defend against missiles and aircraft .
Also included in the proposed deal were $ 2.5 billion worth of Apache attack helicopters and support systems .
First , a disclaimer :
This is n’t an article on gardening or better lawn care .
If you read the title and the first thought that struck you was , “ Whoa , it ’s a how - to about hiding pot / ganj / herb / mary jane ! ” , then congratulations , you have the finely - tuned instincts of a drug - sniffing German Shepherd .
You probably also realize just how important it can be that you stash your weed , and stash it well .
It 's almost as important as learning how to pass drug tests to get or keep a job ( you can pick up some excellent tips with Drug Testing Secrets ) .
In my mind , stashing your weed is similar to a squirrel or chipmunk storing nuts for the cold winter -- you do n't want anyone finding it , and you know you 'll be wanting / needing it soon .
With that in mind , your fearless writer has put in hours of research interviewing anonymous tokers to find out how best to hide your precious doobage .
Because I have no experience trying to hide such an illicit substance from snooping authority figures such as parents , cops , or teachers .
None .
Zero .
It ’s just a coincidence that I have the munchies while I write this …and that I ’m slightly paranoid … and am going to see Pineapple Express for the 4th time … but I digress .
This is about making your life easier , not mine .
On with the show … and stop staring at me !
Spice it up .
Standard household spice Oregano has an uncanny resemblance to pot ( not to mention a pungent odor that can mask any hint of weed ) , so use that to your advantage : Empty out an Oregano container and put your bud in it instead .
No one ’s the wiser with a cursory glance at your spice rack … but just be sure someone does n’t jazz up a pasta dish with your goods .
Freeze 'er .
Some folks like to keep their instant coffee cans in the freezer – why not swap out the grinds for your buds ?
No one would ever think to look there , plus you have the added bonus of coffee odor to hide the weed ’s scent …as if keeping it in a metal container was n’t secure enough !
Fern , baby , fern .
Most of us have at least one indoor potted plant – because it pretties things up , because they produce oxygen , because someone bought you one as a housewarming gift and damn if you ca n’t kill the thing despite every effort to forget it ’s sitting in the corner .
Well , forget no more , as an indoor plant makes for a great hiding spot for your own Earthy greens in the pot ’s soil .
Simply dig out a little grave , insert your baggie - encased plant - life , and cover .
Look at you , doing your part for the environment !
Just be sure your mother does n't find it .
Well - read .
Find ( or go out and buy ) a nice , thick book .
The latest Harry Potter .
A Shakespeare anthology .
The Bible .
An old phone book .
Crack it open … and cut a rectangular square about 150 - 200 pages deep in the center .
The newly - carved dugout is the perfect spot for your hooch .
Place the book on your bookshelf .
Look smart .
Note :
If you ’re driving around with your weed , use your car ’s manual or a Thomas Guide for the same hiding effect … just do n’t come crying to us when you ca n’t figure out what that blinking light is on your dash because you hollowed out that part of the manual !
Pot -pourri .
Maybe there ’s a lovely display of potpourri in a nice vase in your home – make the most of its fragrant scent and earthy appearance by stashing your weed underneath the stuff .
Because nothing spits in the face of authority like flaunting your illegally - gotten gains right under their noses .
Making a case .
Have a glasses case just sitting around in a drawer that you never use ?
Why not put it to use as a mini-sarcophagus for your stash ?
The shape is perfect for most reasonable , baggie - sized amounts .
And really , if you keep more weed than this on a regular basis , you might have bigger issues to deal with .
You might end up like this :
Game on !
Smoking weed and video games go together like ramalamalama - da - dingity - ding - ding - dong .
Utilize your game console for something more than killing time ( and brain cells ) by housing your weed within .
Using a screwdriver , simply remove a side panel , find an empty space , and insert .
But be careful – do n’t take your console completely apart in search of the perfect spot , unless you work in the factory that puts these suckers together .
And do n’t store your stash too close to your console ’s heating fan , or its sweet scent will go wafting into the air as soon as the fan kicks on to cool down the machine !
Open bar .
Last , but certainly not least , is our tip on how to get through an airport with your stash .
If you must travel with your weed , this method is pretty tried and true to get through airport security :
Buy a new bar of soap … cut in two and hollow out both halves … insert baggie … re-close soap bar and rub over cut lines until they are smoothed away , giving the appearance of a brand - new bar … place the bar into one of those plastic containers , and voila .
No one ’s the wiser and the scent of the soap should cover the smell of the hooch .
The above methods for hiding your weed are almost foolproof … unless you live with a DEA Agent with a trained eye ( and nose ) for such things .
But if all else fails , remember that there is one tried and true way to make sure no one ever finds your precious bud : JUST SMOKE IT !
You did n’t buy the stuff just to stow away , did you ?
Eliminate the fear of being busted by enjoying your smoke in a timely manner … or at least before Mom and Dad get home .
It does n’t matter if it ’s a tiny bacterium , a growing tree or a gigantic mammal – it seems most groups of organisms favour the same optimum metabolic rate .
Previous studies had shown that , within many groups of organisms , smaller species generally produce more energy within each cell than larger species .
But according to Anastassia Makarieva from Petersburg Nuclear Physics Institute in St Petersburg , Russia , no studies had compared resting metabolic rates across the whole range of life on Earth .
Makarieva ’s team trawled through a database of 3,006 different species , ranging from bacteria to elephants .
They found that the average resting metabolic rate per unit mass varied by a factor of 10,000 – despite the fact that body mass varied by a gigantic factor , 1020 .
For most species , the metabolic range was even narrower , with the majority lying between 1 and 10 Watts per kilogram – a factor of 10 difference .
There was no consistent relationship between metabolic rate and body mass .
Advertisement
Elephantine metabolism
“ The largest organism we studied is the elephant , which has a metabolic rate of 1 Watt per kilogram , and the smallest is a bacterium with a metabolic rate of 4 Watts / kg , ” says Makarieva .
Using the formulae that had previously been used to calculate the metabolic rate within separate classes of animals , you would have expected a multimillion - fold difference , she says .
Since such a large number of species falls within this narrow range , she hypothesises there may be an optimum metabolic rate for all organisms .
“ Organisms that lie close to this value may be the fittest to survive , ” she says .
Although the team do n’t yet know what evolutionary advantage it may offer , they believe the need to stay close to this value may help explain certain aspects of evolution , such as the size at which invertebrates needed to evolve a breathing mechanism , or the shape and size of tree leaves .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0802148105
Evolution – Learn more about the struggle to survive in our comprehensive special report .
The deal was presented last week after months of painstaking talks US Defence Secretary Robert Gates has warned of " dramatic consequences " if Washington and Baghdad do not agree a security deal on US forces in Iraq .
He said if there were no Status of Forces Agreement the US would have to " basically stop doing anything " .
Iraq 's cabinet is demanding changes to a draft deal already agreed with Washington that would allow US forces to stay in Iraq until 2011 .
Mr Gates said the US had " great reluctance " to renegotiate .
" I do n't think you slam the door shut , but I would say it 's pretty far closed , " he said .
" The consequences of not having Status of Forces Agreement ( Sofa ) and of not having a renewed UN authorisation are pretty dramatic . "
Failure to finalise the Sofa or renew a UN mandate would mean US operations would have to be suspended .
The UN mandate for US - led coalition forces expires at the end of the year .
We just have to let the Iraqi political process play out
Robert Gates
" What really needs to happen is for us to get this Sofa done .
It 's a good agreement .
It 's good for us .
It 's good for them .
It really protects Iraqi sovereignty , " Mr Gates said .
The Sofa was presented last week after months of painstaking US - Iraq talks .
But on Tuesday Iraqi government spokesman Ali Dabbagh said the cabinet had " agreed that necessary amendments to the pact could make it nationally accepted " .
He did not specify what changes would be required .
Mr Gates , speaking to reporters at the Pentagon , said : " We just have to let the Iraqi political process play out . "
But he added : " Clearly the clock is ticking . "
Mr Gates said a new UN mandate was not necessarily a " clean " option .
" So that 's not a solution without peril itself , " he said .
A UN Security Council vote would be needed and analysts say there could be a threat of a Russian veto .
Sticking point
The draft agreement calls for a drawdown of US combat forces from Iraq by the end of 2011 and includes US concessions on immunity for US troops who break Iraqi law .
The US and Iraqi governments had previously said the pact was final and could not be amended - only accepted or rejected by the Iraqi parliament .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But Mr Dabbagh said ministers would meet over the coming days to " give their opinions and consult and provide the amendments suggested " before submitting the amended draft to the US negotiating team .
The cabinet must approve the draft before it can be sent to parliament for a vote .
Apart from the two main Kurdish parties , political leaders have so far withheld their support for the deal .
The draft has also been strongly opposed by the faction led by radical Shia cleric Moqtada Sadr , who brought thousands of supporters on to the streets of Baghdad on Saturday in protest .
Immunity for US military personnel and contractors is thought to be one of the key sticking points , the BBC's Jim Muir reports from Baghdad .
The pact is said to grant Iraqi judicial authorities limited ability to try US troops and contractors for major crimes committed off - duty or off - base - and only then if a joint US - Iraqi committee agrees .
About 144,000 of the 152,000 foreign troops deployed in Iraq are US military personnel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Europe 's biggest economies have agreed to work together to support financial institutions - but without forming a joint bail - out fund .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy hosted the meeting of the leaders of Britain , Germany and Italy in Paris .
They agreed to seek a relaxation of the EU rules governing the amount of money individual states could borrow .
Mr Sarkozy announced a series of other measures - including unspecified action against the executives of failed banks .
Speaking after the meeting at a joint news conference , he said the four had agreed that the leaders of a financial institution that had to be rescued should be " sanctioned " .
Mr Sarkozy added : " Each government will operate with its own methods and means , but in a co-ordinated manner . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Leaders were reminded of just how serious the crisis is as talks to rescue Germany 's second largest mortgage lender collapsed .
Hypo Real Estate said the 35bn euro ( £ 27.8bn , $ 51.21 bn ) deal had fallen apart after the banking consortium involved pulled out .
The lender said it would seek to stay in business through " alternative measures " .
Meanwhile , Mr Sarkozy suggested EU budget rules - requiring eurozone states to keep their budget deficits below 3 % and overall public debt below 60 % of gross domestic product - would be adapted to deal with the current " exceptional circumstances " .
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso agreed that the budget rules would be applied with " flexibility " .
European Central Bank chief Jean - Claude Trichet and the chairman of the eurozone group of finance ministers , Jean - Claude Juncker also attended the summit .
The leaders issued a joint call for a G8 summit " as soon as possible " to review the rules governing financial markets .
Ireland reproach UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown said governments would continue to take measures to ease the credit shortage .
It has to be indicated to the markets ... that European countries will not react as every man for himself
Dominique Strauss - Kahn , IMF head
Send us your comments
" The message to families and to businesses is that , as our central banks are already doing , liquidity will be assured in order to preserve confidence and stability , " he told reporters after the mini-summit .
He said European leaders should send the message that " no sound , solvent bank should be allowed to fail through lack of liquidity " .
Mr Brown also won approval at the summit for his proposal for a £ 12bn EU fund to help keep small businesses afloat during the economic crisis .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel - who said she was not happy with Ireland 's action in guaranteeing bank deposits - said each country must act in " a balanced way " that did not cause harm to other EU member states .
" Each country must take its responsibilities at a national level , " she said .
' Trial by fire '
The head of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , Dominique Strauss - Kahn , had earlier urged the EU to take co-ordinated action , saying the financial crisis was presenting Europe with a " trial by fire " .
No business rush to Irish banks
He held talks with Mr Sarkozy before the EU leaders ' meeting and said that although the EU was a more complex organisation than the US , Europe needed to take " concerted collective action " .
He said : " It has to be indicated to the markets ... that European countries will not react as every man for himself . "
He also said he would be scaling back his world economic growth forecasts .
Ahead of the meeting , Germany had made clear its opposition to any co-ordinated European bail - out plan .
Mr Brown was also sceptical of the need for any Europe - wide plan .
The president of the European Parliament has criticised the summit , warning that the leaders of Europe 's four largest economies have no power to decide for the entire European Union .
Calls for European action follow the bail - out of both Bradford and Bingley in the UK and Fortis Bank by the governments of Belgium , Luxembourg and the Netherlands .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Millions of animals are abandoned in America each year , and sadly many of them never find new homes .
Chicago cat Bubba was one of the lucky ones , but time on the streets can be traumatic .
Bubba has trust issues .
Although he bonded with his new owners , after a leg amputation and being put on a special diet due to food allergies , but he does n’t trust strangers , hiding or hissing at anyone who came along .
Bubba ’s new owners turned to an animal behaviorist , who recommended training and behavioral techniques , but to no avail .
Desperate , Bubba ’s owners looked for help , and they turned to a pet psychic , and this was the result
Through speaking to Bubba telepathically , the psychic determined that Bubba is so shy because HE is really a SHE .
Bubba is transgendered .
Bubba suffers from low self - image and has been mentally distraught because she has been forced to live in a male cat body for so long .
Now Bubba ’s owners need your help and are looking for donations to raise money to enable Bubba to continue his therapy sessions with the pet psychic , and to raise funds for Bubba ’s upcoming gender reassignment surgery .
If you feel inclined to give , the page with all the details , including donation button is here :-)
Advertisements
A Republican plan to block voters who have had their homes foreclosed on in Macomb County , Michigan from voting in November has been legally challenged by the Obama campaign , who are seeking an injunction to block county Republicans from using foreclosure lists to prevent people from voting in the presidential election .
The story was originally broken by the Michigan Messenger that Republican volunteers planned to use the foreclosure lists to challenge the votes of anyone who had their home foreclosed on , because in order for a vote to count the voter must live in the same precinct that they are voting in .
The Obama campaign has responded by seeking an injunction blocking the use of the foreclosure lists .
During a conference call this afternoon Obama legal counsel Bob Bauer explained the purpose of the lawsuit , “ Let me be very clear .
The purpose of the lawsuit is to reassure people that this is not going to unanswered .
We have particular voters who would be threatened by this conduct and two organizations that are actively seeking to turn people out to vote who would be in this position , and who could conceivably believe that they should n’t respond , should n’t register and should n’t vote , because they would be subject to these illegal challenges …
The purpose of this exercise is to protect people , and they can go forward in the knowledge that we are going to make absolutely sure that these foreclosure lists are n’t used to challenge otherwise eligible voters . ”
Advertisements
The Michigan Republican Party denies the story , and that there ever was a plan to use foreclosure lists against voters .
The Messenger story claims that the point of the plan is to suppress black turnout , but 91 % of the county in question is white .
3,647 homes are in foreclosure in the county , and there is reason to believe that most of those homes belonged to white voters .
Perhaps , the plan was n’t to suppress black voters , but Democratic voters in general .
Most of the people who lost their homes did so because of sub - prime lending .
Those loans targeted people in the economic lower classes .
These are the same people that vote Democrat .
It looks like it is going to be a close race between Obama and McCain in November , so the suppression of a few thousand Democratic votes could be enough to tip the state to McCain .
The Obama campaign seems to have learned from the previous two elections when voter suppression efforts went largely unchallenged by Democrats in Florida and Ohio .
I think bringing these schemes out into the light of day is a very effective strategy for the Obama campaign .
Of course , the Republicans are going to try to manipulate the process in a few critical states to win the election .
This has become standard operating procedure .
It is up to the Obama campaign to stop these efforts before they ever get started .
US congressman : “ If we do n't pass this bill , we ’re going to have martial law in the United States ”
By Tom Eley
3 October 2008
In the wake of Monday 's vote in the US House of Representatives rejecting the $ 700 billion bailout package for the American financial industry , prominent voices in the US and international media have responded by denouncing the lower house of Congress and complaining that the American political system is too susceptible to popular opinion and insufficiently obedient to the will of the corporate and political elite .
The yearning for more authoritarian forms of rule was expressed by , among others , Michael Gerson , the former chief speechwriter for George W. Bush .
In a column in the Washington Post , he complained , " [ I ] t is now clear that American political elites have lost the ability to quickly respond to a national challenge by imposing their collective will . "
The Times of London , part of Rupert Murdoch 's media empire , was even more blunt , headlining a column , " Congress is the Best Advert for Dictatorship . "
Socialist Equality Party ( SEP ) vice presidential candidate Bill Van Auken authored an article on the World Socialist Web Site Wednesday ( See " The Wall Street bailout and the threat of dictatorship " ) explaining the connection between the appearance of such openly anti-democratic polemics in the mainstream media and the bill to bail out Wall Street that is being pushed through Congress .
Van Auken wrote , " The furor over the vote in the House serves as a warning that capitalism in crisis will inevitably move toward new forms of rule capable of defending the economic dictatorship of finance capital by means of an open political dictatorship against the working class . "
The next day , the Los Angeles Times , in an article on the Senate passage of the bailout measure , noted in passing a statement by Democratic Rep. Brad Sherman from the San Fernando Valley in Southern California which underscores the authoritarian atmosphere surrounding the proceedings in Congress .
Sherman , who voted against the bailout bill on Monday , said , " The one thing that 's been proven is the absolute fear - mongering that 's being used to drive us is false . "
He continued , " I 've seen members turn to each other and say if we do n't pass this bill , we 're going to have martial law in the United States . "
The Los Angeles Times offered no comment on this astounding statement .
The World Socialist Web Site has long warned that the growing concentration of wealth and widening social inequality in the US are ultimately incompatible with democratic forms of rule .
These deeply anti-democratic tendencies are being accelerated by the eruption of the financial crisis and the response of the American ruling elite and both of its political parties .
As Van Auken wrote :
" The crisis is being utilized to effect an ever more immense concentration of economic power that is incompatible with political democracy .
Three banking behemoths -- Citigroup , Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase -- are gobbling up their failing competitors and now control fully a third of US bank deposits ...
These intense social antagonisms cannot be contained within America 's existing political set - up . "
I ’m glad someone is trying to do something about children not getting enough fresh air and outdoor time .
I just read mcmilker ’s post about the No Child Left Inside campaign .
I wish I had known about it sooner .
I would have been promoting it , and sending information about it to my daughter ’s elementary school .
McMonagle Elementary , part of the Westwood Heights School district in Michigan has cut daily recess from their curriculum .
This is a school that houses K - 5th grades .
Those poor kids are going to be stuck inside all day unless their teachers take pity on them and take them outside for some fresh air .
Their reason for cutting recess ?
Budget .
They just renovated and moved into the school building last year , along with building a new playground .
Now that playground sits empty and unused .
I think it is a waste .
( Of course between the embezzeling and all the times they ’ve been sued … they probably do n’t have any money left ) .
I think the school is being extremely sneaky .
The only reason I know about the non-recess issue is because my friend was a recess monitor and was fired along with the other two women that were monitors .
There have been no announcement in the school paper , no notes sent home , nothing .
I asked my daughter about it just to double check , nope no recess .
But how many parents do n’t know because their kids do n’t say anything ?
I believe kids need to go outside .
They need a break from sitting in a classroom all day .
Especially with the high rates of obesity and attention disorders .
Both of which , studies show spending more time outside in nature , can alleviate .
I participate in Green Hour , a program through NWF ( National Wildlife Federation ) which encourages parents to spend time outside with their children everyday .
Even though I make sure my kids go outside as much as possible , I still think they need a break during the long school day .
Just a breath of fresh air can clear the mind and recharge batteries .
I ’m worried about kids being cooped up in a building all day .
It ’s not a good thing .
Even my high school age son ( who does not attend a Westwood Heights School ) gets to go outside during the day , not for recess but at lunch and break time he can play football or just hang with his friends for awhile .
Adults at work can take lunch breaks or whenever breaks and go outside when they want , but small children are virtual prisoners in a building all day .
Just does n’t seem right .
It is just one more thing that brings down Westwood Heights , a district that has been plummeting ever since Superintendent Overweg retired several years ago .
The new superintendent ( that keeps changing ) and the board of education just ca n’t seem to get it together .
Back in my school days there were no special recess monitors , just teachers that seemed to rotate days of who had to be outside with the children .
If budget is the school ’s issue , get the teachers to play recess monitors .
If they all rotated duty no one should have to do it more than a couple times a month .
I plan to fight this , but it probably wo n’t do any good .
I ’ve voiced my complaints several times to no avail .
[ This post was written by Wenona Napolitano . ]
With the development of society , more and more users are used to storing important data in the cloud instead of storing it on the hard ...
Mr Sternhell says he is " not afraid "
An Israeli academic injured in a pipe bombing two weeks ago has told the BBC he fears a " climate of violence " may be threatening democracy in the country .
Zeev Sternhell , a well - known critic of Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank , said he suspected far right - wing Israelis were to blame .
Mr Sternhell told the Outlook programme he was not afraid , but warned of a " deep divide " in Israeli society .
He was lightly hurt in the attack at his home .
No one has been arrested .
Mr Sternhell , said he was " lucky " not to have been more seriously injured and was continuing with his work as usual .
" The very use of violence against somebody who is speaking and writing is something that is symptomatic and scares society as a whole , " he said .
" I think many people have been scared much more than I have . "
' Wild West Bank '
Police suspect the attack was ideologically motivated , although some right - wingers have said elements of Israeli society have been too quick to blame settlers before those behind the attack have been identified .
The attack took place outside Mr Sternhell 's house
The attack came as Israeli and Palestinian negotiators discussed a potential peace deal expected to involve the removal of some Jewish settlers from the West Bank .
Few analysts expect an agreement in the foreseeable future , but there has nevertheless been a rise in violent attacks on Palestinians , police and soldiers by settler activists who are strongly opposed to withdrawals from the West Bank .
Media articles have raised concerns of a " Wild West Bank " where police and soldiers are either unwilling or unable to reign in militant settlers .
" Democracy cannot survive in a climate in which organised groups that are speaking in the name of Jewish history , of God , or of the future of Israeli society are allowed do everything - where everything is legal , everything is legitimate because these acts are in the service of a superior goal , " said Mr Sternhell .
Minority
There are thought to be about 270,000 Israeli settlers in the West Bank , not including East Jerusalem .
Mr Sternhells said about 40,000 - 50,000 of those live there for ideological reasons .
Among those were " a few thousand who are ready , more or less for anything , including violence " , he said .
" Probably the people who attacked my life were coming from these circles . "
Mr Sternhell said he had received no personal threats in the weeks before the attack .
But he said poster had been found in his neighbourhood offering a reward of $ 320,000 to anyone who killed a member of Peace Now , an Israeli group campaigning against settlement building to which he belongs .
Daniela Weiss , who leads a radical settler movement , has accused the Israeli intelligence service Shin Bet of masterminding the attack in an attempt to turn public opinion against the settler movement , according to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz .
Mr Sternhell , a Holocaust survivor , is best known for his work on the history of fascism .
Earlier this year , he was awarded the prestigious Israel Prize for political science .
The improvised explosive device exploded as he was locking the outer gate of his home in the early hours , causing shrapnel injuries to his legs .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Bush and McCain ignored Afghanistan .
This is the result :
Just one year ago , the Taliban insurgency was a furtive , loosely organized guerrilla force that carried out hit - and - run ambushes , burned empty schools , left warning letters at night and concentrated attacks in the southern rural regions of its ethnic and religious heartland .
Today it is a larger , better armed and more confident militia , capable of mounting sustained military assaults .
Its forces operate in virtually every province and control many districts in areas ringing the capital .
Its fighters have bombed embassies and prisons , nearly assassinated the president , executed foreign aid workers and hanged or beheaded dozens of Afghans .
The new Taliban movement has created a parallel government structure that includes defense and finance councils and appoints judges and officials in some areas .
It offers cash to recruits and presents letters of introduction to local leaders .
It operates Web sites and a 24 - hour propaganda apparatus that spins every military incident faster than Afghan and Western officials can manage .
Wake up and smell the fascist roses , my fellow Americans .
The so - called free - market fundamentalists the people elected in 2000 and 2004 , are now moving quickly to eliminate any remaining vestiges of capitalism from this country , and from other leading industrial countries , as well .
( The moves are being coordinated by the governments of the G - 7 countries , among others . )
As the Bush administration proceeds with its takeover of the financial commanding heights of America ’s pseudo - capitalist system , any resemblance between the system they are creating and a free - market system , either living or dead , will become purely coincidental .
This morning , the president gave a brief speech in the White House Rose Garden , to give reporters advance notice of what Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and other government officials would spell out more fully a little later .
These financial czars , Bush said , “ will make clear that each of these new programs contains safeguards to protect the taxpayers .
They will make clear that the government ’s role will be limited and temporary .
And they will make clear that these measures are not intended to take over the free market , but to preserve it . ”
In the immortal words of W. H. Auden , “ But should our beggars ask the cost / Just whistle like the birds . ”
Our rulers speak of their economically foolish and morally monstrous measures an essential steps to “ restore confidence ” and thereby “ to directly benefit the American people by stabilizing our overall financial system and helping our economy recover . ”
This kind of talk gives me new respect for Jesse James :
He might have been a robber and a murderer , but he did not dispense such drivel to his victims .
Bush ’s promise that “ the government ’s role will be limited and temporary , ” in particular , caught my attention .
In decades of studying government actions during crises , I have encountered exactly such a promise again and again .
This time , I recalled in particular a previous president with whom Bush has often been compared because of his crusade to “ make the world safe for democracy , ” just as Bush ostensibly seeks to make it with his so - called War on Terror .
In his first term , Woodrow Wilson responded to complaints from exporters and others that the war had caused shipping costs to skyrocket , hurting their business substantially .
The Wilson administration undertook to remedy this situation by creating a new government agency , the U.S. Shipping Board , to regulate the rates and other terms of ocean shipping contracts and to create a government firm to build and operate ships in competition with private shipping lines .
Naturally , this proposal frightened some people , who smelled the foul odor of socialism .
Wilson reassured the opponents of his proposal , however .
In a letter to O. G. Villard , he declared : “ The idea in the proposal is not that the government should permanently embark in these things , but that it should do the immediate and necessary thing . ”
Wilson ’s statement might well be adopted as an official template for any crisis measure whatsoever .
By the way , the federal government remains deeply engaged in the shipping business to this day , almost a century after Wilson promised that such involvement would be temporary .
In one of his finer moments , Herbert Hoover wrote , “ Every collectivist revolution rides in on a Trojan horse of ‘ Emergency . ' ”
Hoover was wrong about many things , but he was right about this one .
FORT WAYNE , Ind. , Aug. 17 ( UPI ) -- Dottie Collins , who starred as a women 's professional baseball pitcher in the 1940s , has died of a stroke in Indiana .
She was 84 .
Collins was known for her six seasons in the All - American Girls Professional Baseball League , which was created to provide entertainment during World War II while major league males were off at war .
But she later became known for her contributions to recording the history of the women 's games , The New York Times reported Sunday .
Advertisement
Collins helped form an association of former All - American league players in 1987 that provided the Baseball Hall of Fame with memorabilia that led to a Women in Baseball exhibit .
" When I connected with Dottie , the ball started to roll , " Hall of Fame curator Ted Spencer said .
" If it was n't for her , I do n't know where it would have gone . "
The Cooperstown exhibit then helped spark Penny Marshall 's 1992 Hollywood movie " A League of Their Own , " starring Tom Hanks , Geena Davis , Rosie O'Donnell and Madonna .
After requesting a $ 7 billion loan from the U.S. Treasury , Governor Schwarzenegger is likely relieved now that the state has been able to secure $ 6 billion in loans from the credit markets .
Politicians had feared California ’s credit history would make such a loan difficult .
But the fact is , the loan was not nearly difficult enough .
In a supposed era of tight and “ frozen ” credit markets , why is a government that goes further into debt every year , that finances its lavish operations with ever more bonds and budgetary trickery , able to get such an enormous loan ?
Credit is probably not as tight as is claimed , and governments in particular have far too easy a time obtaining more .
In the long term , this is terrible for the taxpayers who have to pay the interest .
Furthermore , when a government borrows money , it competes with private borrowers for credit and drives interest rates up .
This situation slows down economic growth .
Politicians , a notoriously spendthrift class of society , with no sense of responsibility since they are borrowing on behalf of others , should be the last ones able to get loans .
What ’s notable here is that Schwarzenegger has given up even the thin pretense of being the budget hawk that he portrayed himself as five years ago .
Since being elected he has foisted on the state economy bond after bond , spending increase after spending increase , in everything from education to infrastructure .
He was onto something earlier this year when he contemplated releasing some nonviolent prisoners — people who should n’t even be in jail in a free society , and whose detention costs the state tens of thousands of dollars each annually .
Then the prison guard union went after him .
From the looks of the last budget , a staggering $ 103.4 billion that was instituted almost three months late , prisons and schools are two areas where Sacramento will resist any cutting .
But “ those are the two services we spend the most money on , ” as State Senate pro tem Don Pereta pointed out this week .
With the police state and welfare state as the two third rails of local politics , it appears there ’s not really much else remaining to cut .
On the national scene , the Republicans have proven themselves equally devoted to big government across the board — devoted to the police state , the welfare state , and , of course , the warfare state .
Everyone knows the Republicans stand for an ever - growing and exorbitantly expensive military apparatus and for incredibly pricy wars .
But the insidious myth that they are otherwise for free markets persists .
President Bush came in and immediately began doubling the Department of Education budget and inaugurating the largest expansion of entitlements since Lyndon Johnson , in the form of the prescription drug benefit for seniors .
In eight years he has doubled the national debt .
In the last month , both Bush and presidential candidate John McCain backed the most significant government intervention into the market in several decades , perhaps longer , when they signed and voted for the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 .
This act gave the Treasury virtually dictatorial powers and nearly a trillion dollars to buy up practically any American financial instruments it deems desirable , making it the biggest player in the market and essentially nationalizing the entire financial sector .
McCain has gone on to propose an enormous plan for Washington to buy up troubled mortgages directly , at a price tag of hundreds of billions by conservative estimates .
He copied the plan almost exactly from Hillary Clinton , called her to ask her advice on it , and has pitched it as resembling her proposal .
Even Barack Obama thinks it is unwise and reckless .
Meanwhile , McCain continues talking about reforming earmarks , a drop in the bucket constituting half a percent of the national budget and probably some of the least absurd things the government finances .
The conventional wisdom is that Democrats are socialistic big spenders who love huge government programs and economic regulation , while Republicans are somewhat less profligate in their spending and somewhat more committed to the free market .
Well , at least that ’s half true .
When traveling , whether for business or leisure , it ’s always important to gather the gadgets you ’ll need for your trip .
Some are essential , some are fun ( like partying in bus https://www.limofind.com/ca/stockton-party-bus-rental/), but forgetting any of them can make for an unpleasant trip .
For the sake of being obvious , we ’ll assume that you do n’t forget your laptop or cell phone .
Here are some of the less - obvious gadgets that you may want to consider when traveling :
1 ) IOGEAR Portable Media Player
With the ability to store 50 DVD movies on its 120 GB hard drive , the IOGEAR Portable Media Player is quite possibly your best friend on travels .
It is tiny compared to other PMPs and offers the unique ability to convert standard definition content up to 720 p HD resolution .
Even better , you wo n’t be stuck paying $ 9.99 per movie in hotels .
This little gadget will hook into just about anything that can play movies .
2 ) Mobile Printers
When doing business abroad , do n’t assume that you wo n’t need a printer when you reach your destination ( or when you ’re on the way ) .
It ’s always good to be prepared in the event printing is required .
Trying to hook up to someone else ’s printer requires drivers .
Transferring files to computers that already have printer hookups results in inconvenience from the transfer as well as any security concerns .
Then , there is always the potential for a printer to not be available at all .
When considering mobile printers , size matters .
It ’s probably better to take a more compact solution and sacrifice a little speed .
3 ) Video Eyeware
You ’re probably wondering why you will need video eyeware .
When traveling , there is one thing to always keep in mind — there is always someone looking over your shoulder .
Therefore this gadget should definitely be in the list of your top gadgets for travelers .
This nifty little piece of technology , the EnVision Video Eyeware , gives you privacy and the ability to be completely unobtrusive to travelers around you .
Before you say “ but you have to connect to your laptop to play ” , check out .
the product information .
You ’ll likely be surprised at its capabilities .
4 ) Portable GPS Navigation
Trying to rely on maps and directions when driving in unfamiliar territory can be an unnecessary burden .
Many car rental companies charge a super - premium price to have a vehicle with navigation .
For those who travel and rent often , a portable GPS navigation system is perfect for keeping on the right path .
We have mentioned the Garmin GPSMAP 640 GPS navigation system previously .
Another option , the portable GPS by Delphi , has many features and an attractive price tag .
The unit allows you to input places on your itinerary to receive directions , saving time and energy during the trip that can be spent on more important things .
5 ) True Global Travel Plug Adapter
If you will be traveling internationally , remember that the power outlets overseas are different from one another .
Gadgets also have different plugs .
Having the means to power up may sound simple , but without a tool like the Travel Plug Adapter , you may end up being out of juice , out of luck , and out of time .
Regardless of where you travel or how often , having the important gadgets with you can make or break a trip .
The best thing about all the gadgets mentioned is that they can all fit in one nice , neat travel bag for placement inside a suitcase or work as one of your carryon bags .
Business is all about being prepared .
This information should make preparation easier and your trips a more enjoyable experience .
Voice One : Rudy
A young woman 's behind presses into my crotch ; a businessman 's shoulder cuts into my armpit .
Her coarse hair , smelling of shampoo , brushes across my face ; his breath , reeking of sour milk , creeps up my neck .
Meanwhile , my freckled cheek is flattened against the foggy , fingerprinted window of the train door , unable to tell whether the condensation is water or sweat .
Then the train stops at Urayasu , and even more suited businessmen get on , the last few reaching inside the doorframe to get enough leverage to wedge themselves in .
A bell on the platform signals the door is about to close , and a guy wearing white gloves and a blue Tokyo Metro windbreaker pushes the last passenger into the cabin .
Shoes scrape and heels click as people inch deeper into the car .
There 's a platform announcement in Japanese , the doors slide shut , the train accelerates with a hum and then there 's no sound but clacking tracks , sniffling and someone else 's iPod .
Now I can feel my cheekbone against the glass , and a strand of the woman 's hair makes my nose itch .
I can't push it away since my hands are pinned at my sides , but that 's okay - I like it .
In the shuffle , my right thigh has somehow found its way between both of hers .
They 're warm .
I shift my weight a little bit , and my right arm presses between her breasts .
They 're warm , too .
Then the train hits a bump , and she presses up against me so hard I can feel the underwire of her bra .
Times like this are why I get to the station at 7:15 A.M. , when the cars are the most packed .
I ride from the suburbs all the way into Tokyo Station , then turn right around and ride back to my apartment to get ready for work in the afternoon .
Sometimes I get caught in the middle of the car and hoisted up , pinned between backs and shoulders and bags , and my toes barely touch the floor .
I like those times too , especially after the train 's gone underground - then I 'm floating , anonymous , in a small steamy world , close to people I can imagine would like me if I spoke the language .
If this were back in Boston , the woman pressed against me now might chuckle and ask , " So , what do you do in the city ? "
And I could n't lie or pretend I did n't speak English .
After hearing the truth she would squirm , scowl and get off at the next stop , even if it was n't hers .
But here no one asks , because no one thinks I can understand , and so everyone leaves me alone .
Click here to see the related story , " Are Efforts to Save the Panda a Giant Waste of Money ? "
The recent death of Ling - Ling , the only giant panda owned by Japan , sent the world into mourning .
Everything about these giant teddy bears — their squat , furry bodies , their sad black eyes , their especially vulnerable babies ( often compared to sticks of butter ) — makes them ridiculously , scientifically cute .
This , along with their dire status as a species , makes them a powerful symbol for the conservation movement as a whole .
But there ’s another side of the panda ’s tale .
Pandas have been ridiculed for their decidedly non-bearlike vegetarian diets , their apparent lack of interest in — and aptitude for — sex , their tendency to spend the majority of their time sitting , eating , scratching ( video ) , and defecating ( about 40 times per day ) — even for being , shall we say , plump .
These rather " unfit " characteristics have made the giant panda a favorite animal of creationists , who argue that the panda ’s survival proves the existence of God .
How is it , they ask , that such a species could have " evolved " to be so poorly suited for survival and could have lasted these " alleged " tens of thousands of years without a little help from a higher power ?
Vegetarians
One of the panda 's curious adaptations is its remarkably inefficient diet .
Like other bears , and like omnivores and carnivores , pandas have short digestive systems , making them ill suited for their preferred diet of fibrous , nutrient - poor bamboo .
To obtain sufficient nutrients , pandas must eat almost a fourth of their weight in bamboo every day .
Pandas also favor young bamboo sprouts , which have even less nutrition ; if they eat only these , they must chomp down almost half of their weight daily .
But according to Megan Owen , a conservation specialist at the San Diego Zoo , there is a possible evolutionary explanation for the panda 's seemingly foolish preference for bamboo : lack of competition .
When pandas split off from the bear lineage about 3 million years ago , tasty and nutritious cuisine like meat , fruit , and nuts may have been difficult to obtain while bamboo was ubiquitous — a wide - open ecological niche .
So there were two choices : Exert some serious effort to get the good stuff , or munch away on a seemingly inexhaustible supply of woody grasses .
The panda accommodated its vegetarianism with a few physical adaptations — enlarged chewing muscles ( those adorable jowls ) , their famous " thumbs , " and a slightly modified digestive system ( though still far more similar to a carnivore 's than to an herbivore 's ) .
But the most notable adaptations were behavioral .
Pandas must minimize energy expenditure in every aspect of their lives : limiting locomotion and mating periods , having a low surface area - to - volume ratio ( i.e. , being fat ) to conserve heat , and sleeping as much as possible .
Energy conservation also explains their endearingly tiny and helpless young : According to Lisa Stevens of the Smithsonian National Zoological Park , it is much more efficient to give birth to very small , undeveloped cubs and raise them externally on milk than to expend energy on their development internally .
Sex
The biggest argument for the intelligent design crowd is the panda ’s mating habits .
If natural selection drives the formation of species , how did an animal that needs porn , Viagra , and sexercise to mate ever make it ?
Pandas , IDists believe , are up against some serious hurdles when it comes to having sex :
The male penis is disproportionately small , females seldom go into heat , and males do not instinctively know how to mate , among other problems .
Take , for example , Hsing - Hsing and Ling - Ling , the cherished panda couple of the Smithsonian National Zoo , whose relationship had been shaky since ever they were introduced in 1976 .
Hsing - Hsing failed at his early attempts to inseminate Ling - Ling — not much of a surprise , considering he tried to mate with her ear , wrist , and foot .
The zoo then tried and failed at artificial insemination , after which it imported a male , Chia - Chia , from London to mate with Ling - Ling .
Instead of mating with Ling - Ling , though , Chia - Chia mauled her .
* Ling - Ling and Hsing - Hsing eventually got better at sex , and Ling - Ling gave birth to five cubs between 1983 and 1989 — one who was stillborn , four who died within days .
But Hsing - Hsing and Ling - Ling — and fruitless panda cohabitants in zoos everywhere — are not representative of the species , says Matt Durnin , a conservation specialist with the Nature Conservancy ’s China Program .
" Reproduction is not a limiting factor in the wild — they seem to be doing fine out there .
We only see problems in captivity because the way they live there is in such contrast to their natural lives . "
In the wild , male pandas compete with each other for females , who then select their mates — behaviors inextricably linked to the natural motivation for mating .
" If you pull a man and a woman off the street and stick them in a room together , " Durnin says , " you ca n't just expect them to start making babies . "
As for the male panda 's embarrassing lack of sex know - how , ** Durnin says it may be an unfortunate consequence of breeders ' desire to maximize cub production .
In the wild , panda cubs usually stay with their mothers for about two years ; breeding centers in China remove cubs at about six months to a year to make sure the mother ovulates during the next breeding season .
Young pandas are thus denied an important period of social interaction and the opportunity to observe appropriate mating behavior .
The purported physical problems — genitalia size and mating period — are greatly dramatized .
It 's true that females are in heat for only three days or so per year , but that mating period is only slightly shorter than most other bears ' .
And as for the mismatched genitalia , Owen says it 's not a big deal .
" They get the job done , " she says .
Big penises may seem more effective , but many large mammals — particularly other bears — have relatively small ones .
" It 's definitely a struggle to get correct positioning , but if they 're motivated , they do what they need to do . "
Reproduction in captivity has greatly improved since the difficult days of Ling - Ling and Hsing - Hsing .
Intra -couple fighting can be avoided by putting males and females together only when the female is receptive — a state that panda specialists can now accurately determine by the female 's behavior .
And cubs now have a survival rate close to 100 percent , Owen says , " possibly due to the undisturbed environment that zoos are trying to create . "
Some zoos are also experimenting wit hleaving the cubs with their mothers for longer and sheltering them from gawking tourists , but the effects have not yet been analyzed .
So it 's true : Pandas did not evolve … in zoos .
They evolved to find their own food and seek out their mates in dense bamboo forests after being raised by their real mothers , not by zookeepers .
The panda 's weaknesses in today 's world — from its failure to reproduce in captivity to its yawn - inspiring lifestyle — is a product of its natural history , not a malicious joke of an intelligent designer .
Humanity 's experience with pandas has shown us that saving the species is not going to be easy — or cheap .
In fact , eminent conservationist Chris Packham has called panda conservation " possibly one of the grossest wastes of conservation money in the last half century . ”
He said he " would eat the last panda " if it meant he could transfer all the money thrown at pandas to other , " more sensible " species ( like insects , rodents , and plants ) or to entire habitats .
With conservation resources limited , and with global warming sure to accelerate the extinction of species , should we rethink our priorities ?
Check back next week , when DISCOVER investigates whether we should continue to save the cuddly - wuddliest animals at the expense of the creepy - crawly ones that may be far more important ecologically .
* Correction , August 5 , 2008 .
Originally stated :
Ling - Ling and Hsing - Hsing eventually got better at sex , and Ling - Ling gave birth to five cubs between 1983 and 1989 — all of whom died within days , one after being squashed by its exhausted mom .
** Correction , August 5 , 2008 .
Originally stated : Durnin says it may be an unfortunate consequence of zoos ' desire to maximize cub production .
In the wild , panda cubs usually stay with their mothers for about two years ; zoos remove cubs at about six months to a year to make sure the mother ovulates during the next breeding season .
I ’ve been using JQuery for a while now and really agree with its tag line that it ’s the “ The Write Less , Do More , JavaScript Library ” .
We ’ve also got this code for dragging and dropping table rows that has proved very popular , so it seemed natural to combine the two and wrap up the table drag and drop as a JQuery plugin .
Update :
You can now read the latest docs at https://github.com/isocra/TableDnD
Why have another plugin ?
Dragging and dropping rows within a table ca n’t be handled by general purpose drag and drop utilities for a number of reasons , not least because you need to move the whole row , not just the cell that receives the mouse events .
Re-parenting the row also requires specific code .
Sadly also , effects like fadeIn and fadeOut do n’t work well with table rows on all browsers , so we have to go for simpler effects .
What does it do ?
This TableDnD plugin allows the user to reorder rows within a table , for example if they represent an ordered list ( tasks by priority for example ) .
Individual rows can be marked as non-draggable and / or non-droppable ( so other rows ca n’t be dropped onto them ) .
Rows can have as many cells as necessary and the cells can contain form elements .
How do I use it ?
Download Download jQuery ( version 1.2 or above ) , then the TableDnD plugin ( current version 0.7 ) .
Reference both scripts in your HTML page in the normal way .
In true jQuery style , the typical way to initialise the tabes is in the $ ( document ) .
ready function .
Use a selector to select your table and then call tableDnD ( ) .
You can optionally specify a set of properties ( described below ) .
1 One some text 2
Two some text 3
Three some text 4
Four some text 5
Five some text 6
Six some text
The HTML for the table is very straight forward ( no Javascript , pure HTML ) :
< table id= " table - 1 " cellspacing= " 0 " cellpadding = " 2 " > < tr id = " 1 " >< td >
1 </td>< td> One </td > < td > some text </td></tr> < tr id = " 2 " >< td > 2 </td>< td> Two </td >< td > some text </td></tr> < tr id = " 3 " >< td > 3 </td><td> Three </td > < td > some text </td></tr> < tr id = " 4 " >< td >
4 </td><td> Four </td > < td > some text </td></tr> < tr id = " 5 " >< td >
5 </td><td> Five </td > < td > some text </td></tr> < tr id = " 6 " >< td >
6 </td><td> Six </td > < td > some text </td></tr> </ table >
To add in the “ draggability ” all we need to do is add a line to the $ ( document ) .ready ( ... ) function
as follows :
< script type= " text/ javascript " > $ ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { < span class = " comment " > //
Initialise the table < / span > $ ( " #table - 1 " ) . tableDnD ( ) ; } ) ; </ script >
In the example above we ’re not setting any parameters at all so we get the default settings .
There are a number of parameters you can set in order to control the look and feel of the table and also to add custom behaviour on drag or on drop .
The parameters are specified as a map in the usual way and are described below :
onDragStyle
This is the style that is assigned to the row during drag .
There are limitations to the styles that can be associated with a row ( such as you ca n’t assign a border — well you can , but it wo n’t be displayed ) .
( So instead consider using on DragClass . )
The CSS style to apply is specified as a map ( as used in the jQuery css ( ...) function ) .
on DropStyle
This is the style that is assigned to the row when it is dropped .
As for onDragStyle , there are limitations to what you can do .
Also this replaces the original style , so again consider using onDragClass which is simply added and then removed on drop .
on DragClass
This class is added for the duration of the drag and then removed when the row is dropped .
It is more flexible than using onDragStyle since it can be inherited by the row cells and other content .
The default is class is tDnD_whileDrag .
So to use the default , simply customise this CSS class in your stylesheet .
on Drop Pass a function that will be called when the row is dropped .
The function takes 2 parameters : the table and the row that was dropped .
You can work out the new order of the rows by using
table .tBodies [ 0].rows .
on DragStart Pass a function that will be called when the user starts dragging .
The function takes 2 parameters : the table and the row which the user has started to drag .
scrollAmount
This is the number of pixels to scroll if the user moves the mouse cursor to the top or bottom of the window .
The page should automatically scroll up or down as appropriate ( tested in IE6 , IE7 , Safari , FF2 , FF3 beta )
This second table has has an onDrop function applied as well as an onDragClass .
The javascript to set this up is as follows :
$ ( document ) . ready ( function () { //
Initialise the first table ( as before ) $ ( " #table - 1 " ) . tableDnD ( ) ; //
Make a nice striped effect on the table $ ( " #table - 2 tr:even ' ) .addClass ( ' alt ' ) " ) ; //
Initialise the second table specifying a dragClass and an onDrop function that will display an alert $ ( " #table - 2 " ) .
tableDnD ( { onDragClass : " myDragClass " , onDrop : function ( table , row ) { var rows = table .
tBodies [ 0 ]. rows ; var debugStr =
" Row dropped was " + row . id + " .
New order : " ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < rows .
length ; i ++ ) { debugStr += rows [ i ]. id + " " ; } $ ( ' # debugArea ' ) . html ( debugStr ) ; } , onDragStart : function ( table , row ) { $ ( ' # debugArea ' ) . html ( " Started dragging row " + row . id ) ; } } ) ; } ) ;
1 One 2 Two 3 Three 4 Four 5 Five 6 Six 7 Seven 8 Eight 9 Nine 10 Ten 11 Eleven 12 Twelve 13 Thirteen 14 Fourteen
What to do afterwards ?
Generally once the user has dropped a row , you need to inform the server of the new order .
To do this , we ’ve added a method called serialise ( ) .
It takes no parameters but knows the current table from the context .
The method returns a string of the form < em>tableId</em > [ ]=< em>rowId1</em>&< em>tableId</em >[ ]=< em>rowId2</em>&< em>tableId</em >[ ]=< em>rowId3</em >...
You can then use this as part of an Ajax load .
This third table demonstrates calling the serialise function inside on Drop ( as shown below ) .
It also demonstrates the “ nodrop ” class on row 3 and “ nodrag ” class on row 5 , so you ca n’t pick up row 5 and
you ca n’t drop any row on row 3 ( but you can drag it ) .
$ ( ' # table - 3 ' ) . tableDnD ( { onDrop : function ( table , row ) { alert ( $ . tableDnD . serialize ( ) ) ; } } ) ;
Ajax result Drag and drop in this table to test out serialise and using JQuery.load ( )
1 One 2 Two 3
Three ( Ca n’t drop on this row ) 4 Four 5 Five ( Ca n’t drag this row ) 6 Six
This table has multiple TBODYs .
The functionality is n’t quite working properly .
You can only drag the rows inside their own TBODY , you ca n’t drag them outside it .
Now this might or might not be what you want , but unfortunately if you then drop a row outside its TBODY you get a Javascript error because inserting after a sibling does n’t work .
This will be fixed in the next version .
The header rows all have the classes “ nodrop ” and “ nodrag ” so that they ca n’t be dragged or dropped on .
H1 H2 H3 4.1 One 4.2 Two 4.3 Three 4.4 Four 4.5 Five 4.6 Six H1 H2 H3 5.1 One 5.2 Two 5.3 Three 5.4 Four 5.5 Five 5.6 Six H1 H2 H3 6.1 One 6.2 Two 6.3 Three 6.4 Four 6.5 Five 6.6 Six
The following table demonstrates the use of the default regular expression .
The rows have IDs of the form table5 - row - 1 , table5 - row - 2 , etc. , but the regular expression is /[^-]*$ / ( this is the same as used in the NestedSortable plugin for consistency ) .
This removes everything before and including the last hyphen , so the serialised string just has 1 , 2 , 3 etc .
You can replace the regular expression by setting the serializeRegexp option , you can also just set it to null to stop this behaviour .
$ ( ' # table - 5 ' ) . tableDnD ( { onDrop : function ( table , row ) { alert ( $ ( ' # table - 5 ' ) . tableDnDSerialize ( ) ) ; } , dragHandle : " .dragHandle " } ) ;
1 One some text 2
Two some text 3
Three some text 4
Four some text 5
Five some text 6
Six some text
In fact you will notice that I have also set the dragHandle on this table .
This has two effects : firstly only the cell with the drag handle class is draggable and secondly it does n’t automatically add the cursor : move style to the row ( or the drag handle cell ) , so you are responsible for setting up the style as you see fit .
Here I ’ve actually added an extra effect which adds a background image to the first cell in the row whenever you enter it using the jQuery hover function as follows :
$ ( " #table - 5 tr " ) . hover ( function () { $ ( this . cells [ 0 ] ) .
addClass ( ' showDragHandle ' ) ; } , function () { $ ( this . cells [ 0 ] ) .
removeClass ( ' showDragHandle ' ) ; } ) ;
This provides a better visualisation of what you can do to the row and where you need to go to drag it ( I hope ) .
4. Thou Shalt Not Use A Wall As A Private Messaging Function
The " Wall " is one of Facebook 's most popular features .
That being said , there are times when it might be a good idea to move your conversation to a private venue .
Here 's a handly little chart to help illustrate when it's appropriate to communicate on a public Facebook wall , and when it 's INAPPROPRIATE to do so :
Hopefully that clears up some confusion .
5. Thou Shalt Not Join A Billion Groups
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
While it may very well be true that Dave Coulier shaves his balls , what more is there to say about it ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
If you 're a black lesbian with a severe wheat allergy who also happens to be into Philip K . Dick and astrology , then you 're in luck : there are tons of groups on Facebook , and there 's sure to be at least one of them out there that caters to you .
But with so many groups available , you have to draw a line in the sand somewhere .
You might like chicken noodle soup quite a bit , but do you really need to join the Chicken Noodle Soup Group ?
Maybe you prefer sponges to forks , but do you really feel so strongly about it that you need to join SPONGES RULE - FORKS DONT ! ?
If you think Gladstone is funny ( and yes , I know that 's a big " if " ) , do you really want to join his group and announce it to the world ?
Of course not .
There 's nothing wrong with joining a few groups , but do n't go crazy .
Oh - and do n't join Gladstone's .
Seriously .
It will only encourage him .
6. Thou Shalt Not Use Stupid Apps
With so many fart - related apps to choose from , how do I know which one is right for me ?
The other day I got a notification on Facebook letting me know that someone had " bought " me .
Then someone else challenged me to a " race " where this crappy little car came up , I hit " Go ! , " and a message popped up that said " YOU LOST THE RACE . "
Then another notification popped up informing me that someone had " thrown a sheep " at me , asking if I 'd like to install some sort of app to " throw a sheep " back at them .
Then another notification popped up , but instead of clicking it I closed my laptop , walked down to the nearest highway overpass , and proceeded to get as drunk as a human being possibly can without dying .
There are thousands of apps available on Facebook , and although there are a few worth checking out , about 99.9 % of them suck .
A reasonably intelligent person should be able to tell the difference .
If you can't figure out which is which , maybe Facebook is n't the place for you .
Perhaps
Vanguard UK retail funds almost double to £ 4bn in year of volatility 3 min ' New investors have come into the market since the coronavirus crash and Vanguard is getting more than its fair share '
Boris Johnson forced to apologise after he ‘ misspoke ’ on rule of six 2 min Johnson mistakenly said gatherings of more than six people were permitted in the North East of England as long as the groups were outside
There ’s a new lawsuit in the sad and sordid saga of Jamie Leigh Jones .
A former KBR employee who made national headlines with her heart - wrenching account of being raped while working at Camp Hope in Baghdad , Jones filed a lawsuit several days ago in Houston federal court against the United States of America .
She filed a lawsuit against her former employer more than a year ago .
The Houston woman is suing the government for negligent supervision and hiring of its contractors and for failing to provide a safe living and working environment .
Jones claims that in July 2005 , she was living in a two - story barracks with 420 men and only 20 other women , and that the facility was under the “ direct control and supervision ” of the U.S. government and its employees .
Jones complained about constant sexual harassment and asked to be moved to a safer location , but her superiors did not transfer her .
Instead , later that same evening , according to the lawsuit , Jones was drugged and “ brutally raped ” in her room by several Halliburton / KBR firefighters .
Jones claims that she woke up the next morning , badly bruised with blood running down her leg , according to the lawsuit .
Jones also states that her breast implants were disfigured and her pectoral muscles were torn , later requiring reconstructive surgery .
Jones ’ attorney , L. Todd Kelly , was not immediately available for comment this morning .
Jones recounted her experience before Congress in December and started the Jamie Leigh Foundation , a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping victims of sexual harassment and sexual abuse while working abroad for federal contractors , corporations , or government entities .
-- Chris Vogel
So how did the moderator of Thursday 's debate between vice presidential candidates Sarah Palin and Joe Biden think it went ?
" The understanding was that we were going to have a debate , " Gwen Ifill told Tom Brokaw of NBC's " Meet the Press " on Sunday morning .
But , she went on , it did n't exactly turn out that way .
" The moderator 's job is to control their debate .
If they have decided , as Joe Biden decided , that he was going to debate John McCain , and [ Palin ] decided she was going to give a stump speech to the American people , there 's very little a moderator can do other than say , ' No , no , no , listen , I asked a question .
Please , please answer . ' "
In repeatedly switching topics from the question that was asked to one of her talking points , Palin " blew me off , I think is the technical term , " Ifill told Brokaw , who will moderate Tuesday 's debate between John McCain and Barack Obama .
Ifill 's performance as moderator received mixed reviews , even from the same publication :
On the same day that the Los Angeles Times ' media writer , James Rainey , praised the host of PBS ' " Washington Week " for showing " reason , fairness and class , " she was blasted in a Times editorial as " singularly inarticulate . "
But there 's one aspect of the experience she appeared to really enjoy : " I got to say , being portrayed by Queen Latifah is not a bad thing , " Ifill said of the 2002 Oscar nominee who portrayed her in the debate sketch on " Saturday Night Live . "
-- Leslie Hoffecker
You can still get free instant alerts on all Ticket items like this flashed direct to your cellphone by registering here at Twitter .
The circadian rhythm that quietly pulses inside us all , guiding our daily cycle from sleep to wakefulness and back to sleep again , may be doing much more than just that simple metronomic task , according to Stanford researchers .
Working with Siberian hamsters , biologist Norman Ruby has shown that having a functioning circadian system is critical to the hamsters ' ability to remember what they have learned .
Without it , he said , " They can't remember anything . "
Though not known for their academic prowess , Siberian hamsters nonetheless normally develop what amounts to street smarts about their environment , as do all animals .
But hamsters whose circadian system was disabled by a new technique Ruby and his colleagues developed consistently failed to demonstrate the same evidence of remembering their environment as hamsters with normally functioning circadian systems .
Until now , it has never been shown that the circadian system is crucial to learning and memory .
The finding has implications for diseases that include problems with learning or memory deficits , such as Down syndrome or Alzheimer 's disease .
The work is described in a paper published Oct. 1 online in the early edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Ruby is lead author on the paper .
Siberian hamsters , also known as dwarf hamsters , are about the size of a mouse .
The change in learning retention appears to hinge on the amount of a neurochemical called GABA , which acts to inhibit brain activity .
All mammal brains function according to the balance between neurochemicals that excite the brain and those that calm it .
The circadian clock controls the daily cycle of sleep and wakefulness by inhibiting different parts of the brain by releasing GABA .
But if the hippocampus - the part of the brain where memories are stored - is overly inhibited , then the circuits responsible for memory storage do n't function properly .
" Those circuits need to be excited to strengthen and encode the memories at a molecular level , " Ruby said .
advertisement
" What I thought was happening was that our animals were having chronically high levels of GABA because they had lost their circadian rhythm , " Ruby said .
" So instead of rhythmic GABA , it is just constant GABA output . "
To test that idea , Ruby and his colleagues gave the circadian - deficient hamsters a GABA antagonist called pentylenetetrazole , or PTZ , which blocks GABA from binding to synapses , thereby allowing the synapses to continue firing and keeping the brain in a more excited state .
It worked .
The learning - impaired hamsters caught up with their intact peers to exhibit the same level of learning retention .
Research on people with Down syndrome has shown that one reason they do n't perform well on cognitive tests is that they grow up with what amounts to an over - inhibited brain .
Studies on mice that exhibit symptoms of Down syndrome have demonstrated that when given PTZ , the mice demonstrate improved learning and memory .
That research , conducted by Fabian Fernandez , then a graduate student in the lab of Craig Garner , a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Stanford , prompted Ruby to investigate whether using PTZ to reduce GABA levels would improve memory function in the hamsters .
Other researchers working with mouse models of Alzheimer 's disease have reported similar findings .
When those mice were given GABA antagonists , their ability to learn was restored , suggesting a possible link with their circadian system .
Ruby 's findings may also have implications for the decline in memory function that older adults in general experience .
advertisement
" In aging humans , one of the big things that happens is the circadian system starts to degrade and break down , " Ruby said .
" When you get older , of course , a lot of things break down , but if the circadian system is a player in memory function , it might be that the degradation of circadian rhythms in elderly people may contribute to their short - term memory problems , " he said .
" There are a lot of things that could cause memory to fail , but the idea would be that in terms of developing therapeutic treatments , here is a new angle .
" This is also important because it is one of the first lines of evidence that shows losing your circadian timing actually does cost you something , " Ruby said .
" It makes it hard to learn things .
And the underlying mechanism is that you have too much GABA . "
Ruby said researchers have known since the early ' 70s that the circadian system modulates learning in humans and other animals , but no one knew what the effect would be on learning if the system was completely wiped out .
Laboratory animals - rats , mice and hamsters - whose circadian systems have been disabled as part of a study typically live long and healthy lives .
" We thought it might be possible to wipe out circadian rhythms and eliminate the rhythm in learning , but that the animals could still learn something , " Ruby said .
" But they do n't .
That is what was so surprising .
They actually can't remember anything .
Losing their rhythms costs them a lot . "
The researchers knocked the hamsters ' circadian systems out of commission using a new noninvasive technique they developed involving manipulating the hamsters ' exposure to light .
The hamsters were first exposed to two hours of bright light late at night .
Then the next day the researchers delayed the usual light / dark cycle by three hours .
" It is like sending them west three time zones , " Ruby said .
After the treatment , the normal light / dark cycle is resumed , but that one - time treatment is enough to wipe out their circadian system .
To assess the effect of the treatment , Ruby 's team conducted a standard test called a novel object recognition task that takes advantage of animals ' innate tendency to explore their environment .
Using a box roughly 2 feet square , the researchers put two identical objects in adjacent corners , such as two saltshakers or two shot glasses .
The hamster is then placed in the box , on the opposite side from the objects .
As it explores the box and the objects , the hamster spends approximately equal amounts of time on each of the two identical objects .
After 5 minutes , the hamster is removed from the box , and one of the objects is replaced with a new , different object .
After a span of time - in Ruby 's study , the time was varied between 20 minutes and an hour - the hamster is put back in the box .
" A normal animal will spend time with both objects , but it will spend easily twice as much time with the new one , " Ruby said .
" It understands that it has seen the other one before . "
But when a hamster that lacks circadian rhythms is put back in the box , it 's as if it is a whole new world for the hamster .
Whether the hamster is out of the box for an hour or as short a time as 20 minutes , it spends the same amount of time with each object , Ruby said .
" What that means is they do n't remember the object that was in there before , " he said .
The finding is even more striking when you consider that when a hamster loses its circadian system , it gets even more sleep than usual .
" What our data are showing is that these animals still performed terribly on a simple learning task , even though they 're getting loads of sleep , " Ruby said .
" What this says is that the circadian system really is necessary for something that is deeply important : learning . "
Ruby is a senior research scientist in the laboratory of H. Craig Heller , a professor of biology , who is a co-author of the paper .
Other co-authors include Calvin Hwang , formerly an undergraduate in biology , now in medical school at Case Western Reserve University in Ohio ; Colin Wessells , formerly an undergraduate in engineering and now a graduate student in materials science and engineering at Stanford ; Fabian Fernandez , now a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Colorado - Denver ; Pei Zhang , an undergraduate student in biology ; and Robert Sapolsky , professor of biology and of neurology and neurological sciences .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
George Bush has been giving us fuzzy math for eight long years , from faulty punch - card ballots , to misunderestimates on everything from Medicare costs to the Iraq War bill .
Now , here ’s one more error that must be fixed for history ’s sake : the presidential tally .
Bush ’s nickname for Clinton — he has them for most everyone — is 42 , a reference to his standing as the 42nd president of the United States , and his dad , George Sr. , Bush calls 41 .
That makes him 43 , and our next president 44 .
Straightforward enough math , simple addition , right ?
Yeah , but he still has it wrong , and so does everyone else who plays along .
Here ’s why :
Grover Cleveland was president from 1885 - 89 , and again from 1893 - 1897 , with Benjamin Harrison serving the term in between .
By current numeration , then , Cleveland was our 22nd and our 24th president , but this is just a matter of non-consecutive termage .
To those who say , “ he served as both 22 and 24 ” well then by that logic George Washington was both our 1st and 2nd president , Thomas Jefferson our 4th and 5th , and so on with all of our multi-termers who were newly elected each time .
Whitehouse.gov counts
Cleveland twice and lands at 43 currently , but if we are truly talking terms then we have way more than 43 terms served .
The sum total is the number of presidents we ’ve had , not the number of terms served by all presidents .
And any way you slice it , even if you want to parse out Cleveland ’s terms into two eras , we have actually only had 42 presidents total , meaning at least an asterisk is in order .
Because what are people conveying when they refer to that historical number — that 43 men have served in that office .
Besides who would vote to give Grover Cleveland , of all presidents , two ticks and guys like Teddy , FDR , and Washington only one ?
This might be trivial trivia in the grand scheme of things , but it ’s worth correcting so we are historically accurate in referring to the chronology and legacy of our executive leaders .
And even if the numbering system stays as is , people should take care not to say Obama / McCain is our 44th president , because , no matter how much they might want to flee from the association , one of these men will in fact be # 43 .
Consider this too : while Bush may have fooled us twice , would n’t it be nice if 43 were a do - over ?
It seems paradoxical but the more people ride bicycles on our city streets , the less likely they are to be injured in traffic accidents .
International research reveals that as cycling participation increases , a cyclist is far less likely to collide with a motor vehicle or suffer injury and death - and what 's true for cyclists is true for pedestrians .
And it 's not simply because there are fewer cars on the roads , but because motorists seem to change their behaviour and drive more safely when they see more cyclists and pedestrians around .
Studies in many countries have shown consistently that the number of motorists colliding with walkers or cyclists does n't increase equally with the number of people walking or bicycling .
For example , a community that doubles its cycling numbers can expect a one - third drop in the per-cyclist frequency of a crash with a motor vehicle .
" It 's a virtuous cycle , " says Dr Julie Hatfield , an injury expert from UNSW who address a cycling safety seminar in Sydney , Australia , on September 5 .
" The likelihood that an individual cyclist will be struck by a motorist falls with increasing rate of bicycling in a community .
And the safer cycling is perceived to be , the more people are prepared to cycle . "
Experts say the effect is independent of improvements in cycling - friendly laws such as lower speed limits and better infrastructure , such as bike paths .
Research has revealed the safety - in - numbers impact for cyclists in Australia , Denmark , the Netherlands , 14 European countries and 68 Californian cities .
" It 's a positive effect but some people are surprised that injury rates do n't go up at the same rate of increases in cycling , " says Sydney University 's Dr Chris Rissel , co-author of a 2008 research report on cycling .
" It appears that motorists adjust their behaviour in the presence of increasing numbers of people bicycling because they expect or experience more people cycling .
Also , rising cycling rates mean motorists are more likely to be cyclists , and therefore be more conscious of , and sympathetic towards , cyclists . "
Safety concerns are among the most significant barriers preventing Australians from cycling , including among those who cycle regularly , according to the report , titled Cycling : Getting Australia Moving .
Despite this , over 1.68 million adults cycled in 2006 , an increase of almost 250,000 since 2001 .
During this period , Australian capital cities experienced an average 22 percent increase in bicycle journeys to work .
The city of Melbourne led with a 42 percent increase , while the city of Sydney lagged the field with a nine percent increase .
2006 figures reveal that 12,132 Sydneysiders cycle to work .
Dr Rissel says transport authorities should highlight the fun , convenience and health and environmental benefits of cycling , rather than what he views as an undue emphasis on danger and safety messages , which can deter cyclists :
" We should create a cycling friendly environment and accentuate cycling 's positives rather than stress negatives with ' safety campaigns ' that focus on cyclists without addressing drivers and road conditions .
Reminding people of injury rates and risks , to wear helmets and reflective visible clothes has the unintended effect of reinforcing fears of cycling which discourages people from cycling . "
by
Today ’s New York Times reports on the impact of Apple ’s decision to allow third - party application software on the iPhone :
In the first 10 days after Apple opened its App Store for the iPhone , consumers downloaded more than 25 million applications , ranging from games like Super Monkey Ball to tools like New York City subway maps .
It was nothing short of revolutionary , not only because the number was so high but also because iPhone users could do it at all .
Consumers have long been frustrated with how much control carriers — AT&T , Verizon Wireless , Sprint and the like — have exerted over what they could download to their mobile phones .
But in the last nine months , carriers , software developers and cellphone makers have embraced a new attitude of openness toward consumers .
The App Store makes a big difference to me as a new iPhone user – the device would be much less useful without third - party applications .
The value of third - party applications and the platforms that enable them is a commonplace outside the mobile phone world .
It ’s good to see it finally seeping into what Walt Mossberg famously calls “ the Soviet Ministries ” .
But before we declare victory in the fight for open mobile devices , let ’s remember how far the iPhone still has to go .
Although a broad range of applications is available in the App Store , the Store is still under Apple ’s control and no app can appear there without Apple ’s blessing .
Apple has been fairly permissive so far , but that could change , and in any case there will inevitably be conflicts between what users and developers want and what Apple wants .
One of Apple ’s reasons for opening the App Store must have been the popularity of unauthorized ( by Apple ) iPhone apps , and the phenomenon of iPhone jailbreaking to enable those apps .
Apple ’s previous attempt to limit iPhone apps just did n’t work .
Faced with the possibility that jailbreaking would become the norm , Apple had little choice but to offer an authorized distribution path for third - party apps .
It ’s interesting to note that this consumer push for openness came on the iPhone , which was already the most open of the market - leading mobile phones because it had an up - to - date Web browser .
You might have expected less open phones to be jailbroken first , as their users had the most to gain from new applications .
Why was the iPhone the focus of openness efforts ?
For several reasons , I think .
First , iPhone users were already more attuned to the advantages of good application software on mobile phones – that ’s one of the reasons they bought iPhones in the first place .
Second , Apple ’s reputation for focusing on improving customer experience led people to expect more and better applications as the product matured .
Third , the iPhone came with an all - you - can - eat Internet access plan , so users did n’t have to worry that new apps would run up their bandwidth bill .
And finally , the fact that the iPhone was nearer to being open , having a more sophisticated operating system and browser , made it easier to jallbreak .
This last is an important point , and it argues against claims by people like Jonathan Zittrain that almost - open “ appliances ” will take the place of today ’s open computers .
Generally , the closer a system is to being open , the more practical autonomy end users will have to control it , and the more easily unauthorized third - party apps can be built for it .
An almost - open system must necessarily be built by starting with an open technical infrastructure and then trying to lock it down ; but given the limits of real - world lockdown technologies , this means that customers will be able to jailbreak the system .
In short , nature abhors a functionality vacuum .
Design your system to remove functionality , and users will find a way to restore that functionality .
Like Apple , appliance vendors are better off leading this parade than trying to stop it .
Sustainable Urbanism : A Pattern Language for
Q : Talk about some of your Detroit memories :
A :
Q : What is a strategy for sustainable urbanism in a place with the challenges of Detroit ?
Q : What do you think about the prospect of larger scale development projects , like Quicken Loan 's plan to move downtown ?
Should building green be a priority for Dan Gilbert ?
A :
Q : What are your thoughts about
A .
Q : What would it take for you to move back to Detroit ?
A :
Francis
Doug Farr has built an impressive , green - tinged resume .
For starters , he wrote the book on building green neighborhoods , literally .
He is the author of the recent manual , LEED Neighborhood Development , which is designed as a resource guide for anyone interested in learning about building sustainable cities , from practicing architects to members of city council to your neighbor next door .
He has also served as co-chair of the Environmental Task Force of the Congress for the New Urbanism , is chair of the AIA Chicago Committee on the Environment , and chair of the U.S. Green Building Council 's LEED for Neighborhood Development ( LEED - ND ) Core Committee .
Farr ( no relation to Mel ! ) is an architect and urban designer with his own practice , Farr Associates in Chicago .
The sustainability guru , will be speaking at the upcoming Creative Cities Summit 2.0 , a national conference set in Detroit in October .
What 's more , when Mr. Farr visits Detroit next month , he 'll be coming home .
You see , Doug grew up on Justine Street on Detroit 's East Side in the 1960s and ' 70s .
His dad still lives in the same house .
He talked with Model D last week about Detroit and what sustainable urbanism can do for the city .
Oh boy , I 've got a boatload of great memories .
I have a vivid recollection of taking the Number 75 ( Russell Street ) bus downtown to Campus Martius to transfer to a bus that would take me to Cass Tech , where I went to high school .
The bus went through Hamtramck , winding in and out of factory blocks before heading downtown via Eastern Market .
After school , we'd go hang out at Hudson 's and sometimes I went to a fantastic model shop on Elizabeth Street .
I remember seeing the factory shift changes on the bus and recall a great scene going through Eastern Market where we were following an open - bed truck full of animal parts .
Well the truck hit a bump and an intestine flew onto the windshield of the bus .
I can't remember if the windshield wiper did the job or not , but it was certainly something you do n't see everyday !
In terms of some of my formative experiences , two distinct memories from high school still resonate for me .
One was of City of Detroit urban planner , Alex Pollock , who was responsible for designing Eastern Market 's super graphics and the Washington Boulevard trolley .
I did a paper about him for a political science class and I recall how much it impressed me that in a city that was so wanting for vision and ideas , Alex had a lot .
I also remember attending a " teach in " at Ford Auditorium .
Julian Bond , John Conyers and Buckminster Fuller spoke about Detroit .
What Bucky Fuller said about Detroit was both sobering and prescient .
He said , " Detroit I 've looked at the numbers .
You 're shrinking and your fate is to continue to shrink .
There is no city in history that has done it well .
Detroit , your challenge is to figure out how to shrink well . "
It was amazing to hear those apocryphal words … they influenced my outlook on Detroit and cities .
In so many ways , my patterns of urban life were set in Detroit .
I took public transit there .
I still do today in Chicago .
At Cass , I walked up eight flights of stairs to my first class in the morning , mechanical drafting .
Today , I walk up six flights to my office in the historic Monadnock Building in Chicago 's Loop .
For me , Detroit was a wonderful , diverse place to grow up .A : In a city designed for 2 million people with less than half that many today , Detroit still has a number of interesting opportunities .
One way is to look to parts of the city where you can build on the city 's existing urban bones .
I'm a believer in traditional urban structure … the spine and musculature of a city .
These are tenants of New Urbanism and are highlighted in three key areas to focus Detroit 's future development energy : the neighborhood , the district and the corridor .
Detroit needs to identify the best examples of each and make sure they work at a high level .
Another way that sustainable urbanism can be implemented in Detroit is by growing the city 's urban agriculture movement .
I know there are large pockets of the city that are vacant and in some ways this idea is counter - intuitive to city building , but in Detroit it can really work .
Designate key areas where you can go in and clean up just enough to start growing food .
You can lease out or administer efforts on a block - by - block basis .
The urban farmer could manage the plot from a " sentinel house " which would have a secure vantage point .
You put people back to work and you provide a mechanism for feeding them at the same time .
I address this in my book and have lots of examples from places around the country that show how it can be done .
This is an example of " Asset Based Planning , " an approach Detroit could do more with .
Instead of listing all of things you want or do n't have , list all of the things you do have .
Detroit has hardworking people .
Detroit has land .
People need to eat .
What 's missing is a little bit of seed capital .
There are numerous federal and state programs that could help make it happen .
When was the last time the Department of Agriculture had a program in Detroit ?
If I were ( Mayor ) Ken Cockrel , growing Detroit 's urban agriculture program would be a very high priority in my 100 - day plan for Detroit .
I 'm delighted to hear that Quicken is considering a move downtown .
It would be so cool to have that block of Woodward filled in again , so if I had to choose between the Hudson 's site and the Statler site , I go for the Hudson 's site .
I also like the idea that Quicken could have a strategy for multiple buildings over time , combining new and old construction on multiple sites .
We need to tap into that wisdom of the ages which gets people out on the street interacting again .
It 's so vital for cities .
I 'd also like to include the Dave Bing and Jerome Bettis waterfront projects here .
Going forward , Detroit has to aspire to greatness .
In terms of sustainable design , as important as a project like Compuware project was , it leaves a lot to be desired .
Any project conceived during the last economic cycle has to go well beyond basic LEED certification ; otherwise it will seem " so very 2004 " when it actually gets built .
Sustainability is becoming so mainstream that , at a minimum , these projects should pursue LEED at a platinum level .
With these kinds of projects in Detroit , there is an opportunity to incorporate new infrastructure at they same time .
In my mind , these projects should be conspicuously and aggressively green .
They should comply with the 2030 Architecture Challenge and the Living Building Challenge , which dictate that buildings should be self - sustaining and carbon neutral by 2030 .
In Detroit , sustainability has a magnified benefit and the city should swing for the fences .
Again , I think the new mayor has the opportunity to change the dialogue and set the bar at the highest level .
If Chicago is green , Detroit 's got to be greener .
I feel the urgency for a call to action .
It 's huge .
My opinion is that existing buildings should be used for their useful lives , which is often longer than people think .
Buildings should be nurtured , maintained and reinvented .
Yes , some buildings wear out , but we should make maintenance and investment a priority , and only as a last resort should a building be demolished .
The energy involved in trucking a new building in and trucking an old building out is an incredible burden on the environment .
We 're talking about decades before any cost savings in new construction offset the embodied energy represented in old buildings .
It 's generally not a fair trade and usually a bad deal for the environment .
Well , I have enough work here and my family is here , but I 've often fantasized about having a littlein downtown Detroit .
I know there are lots of former Detroiters who maintain active ties with family and friends and have a high level of civic interest in the city .
If the circumstance were right , we'd be there in a second .
Doug Farr will be speaking in Detroit on Oct. 14 as part of the Creative Cities Summit 2.0 , a national conference on cities that runs Oct. 13 -15 .
For more information on the summit , click here Grunow is a law student , frequent contributor to Model D , a reformed city planner , and the former executive director of Preservation Wayne .
He is currently on a mission to save Detroit .
Send feedback here
Ari has the transcript , and more :
Brian Williams : Back to the notion of terrorists and terrorism , this word has come up in relation to Mr. Ayers — hanging out with terrorist – domestic terrorists .
It is said that it gives it a vaguely post uh 9 - 11 hint , using that word , that we do n’t normally associate with domestic crimes .
Are we changing the definition ?
Are the people who set fire to American cities during the ‘ 60 ’s terrorists , under this definition ?
Is an abortion clinic bomber a terrorist under the definition ?
Sarah Palin :
There is no question that Bill Ayers via his own admittance was um one who sought to destroy our US Capitol and our Pentagon — that is a domestic terrorist .
There ’s no question there .
Now others who would want to engage in harming innocent Americans or um facilities , that uh , it would be unacceptable — I do n’t know if you could use the word terrorist , but its unacceptable and it would not be condoned of course on our watch .
I do n’t know if what you are asking is if I regret referring to Bill Ayers as an unrepentant domestic terrorist .
I do n’t regret characterizing him as that .
Brian Williams : I ’m just asking what other categories you would put in there .
Abortion clinic bombers ?
Protesters in cities where fires were started , Molotov cocktails , were thrown ?
People died .
Sarah Palin : I would put in that category of Bill Ayers anyone else who would seek to destroy our United States Capitol and our Pentagon and would seek to destroy innocent Americans .
Stocks ended the day significantly lower but avoided a catastrophe , as an orderly selloff staved off what some thought would be a massive market capitulation .
Indexes closed Friday off more than 3 percent , bad but far less than the calamity predicted before the opening bell .
" The money on the sidelines did n't get put to work today , " Duncan Niederauer , CEO of NYSE Euronext , said on CNBC .
" I think everyone 's going to catch their breath over the weekend and we 'll reevaluate on Monday . "
For all three major U.S. stock indexes , Friday 's session marked their lowest closing levels since the spring of 2003 .
It was a painful week , with the Dow falling about 5.4 percent , the Nasdaq down 9.3 percent and the S&P 500 off 6.8 percent .
An anticipated washout never materialized on Friday .
Stock futures hit limit lows before the opening bell after near - hysteria driven by a sharp drop in foreign stock indexes but it failed to carry over fully to Wall Street .
" When we saw what happened overseas last night , I think everybody got on the bandwagon and said , ' Here 's the capitulation , ' " Ned Riley , of Riley Asset Management , said on CNBC .
But no capitulation was in sight as stocks hit their lows for the day right after the opening bell .
Several components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average waded into positive ground after the bluechip index spent most of the day in red numbers .
Microsoft and AT&T had the best day on the Dow .
Not everyone was happy that a washout never materialized .
Analysts who thought a steeper decline in stocks would bring about a bottom were let down .
" The action this morning was somewhat disappointing , " Cashin said earlier on CNBC .
" There was no true sense of capitulation .
Certainly what we saw in Asia and Europe indicated much heavier selling . "
Massive losses also were tempered when existing home sales numbers came in better than expected .
In fact , there were even calls for investors to start getting back into stocks .
" Stocks are cheap and they 're going to prove that over the next couple of weeks , " Art Hogan , managing director at Jefferies , said on CNBC , where he already has called a market bottom .
" We 're having a fire sale on stocks right now , and it 's time to get in and start buying them . "
The damage was spread fairly evenly , with the financial and energy sectors leading the way .
Banks , Tech Leaders Take Biggest Hit
Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs were among the broker - banks posting big losses .
This article is more than 12 years old
This article is more than 12 years old
The property crash that began in the US is spreading across the globe , according to international estate agents Knight Frank , which said today that steep declines are now taking place across Europe and into Asia .
The country recording the sharpest fall is Latvia , where house prices have plummeted 24.1 % over the past year .
New Zealand , Denmark and Lithuania have all seen falling prices , along with Malta , Germany , Ireland , Estonia , Britain and the US .
Even countries where prices have not fallen are witnessing a rapid deceleration in price growth .
In South Africa the rate of house price inflation has collapsed from 15.5 % this time last year to 3.8 % , and is expected to be negative soon .
In France , Spain and Greece price growth has halved and is running below 3.2 % .
The only countries to have bucked the trend are Bulgaria , Slovakia , Cyprus and the Czech Republic , where house price growth has accelerated .
Last year 's fastest growing market , Russia , which was seeing house price growth at an astonishing 53.7 % in the second quarter of 2007 , has dropped back to 26.5 % .
Nick Barnes , head of international research at Knight Frank , said : " The index shows that global house price inflation is continuing to fall back , with much of continental Europe now seeing low or negative growth .
" Housing markets in countries such as Spain , Denmark , the UK and Ireland are all being severely challenged by the global credit squeeze . "
Long - term decline
Globally , the rate of house price growth fell to 4.8 % in the second quarter of 2008 , down from 6.1 % in the first quarter of the year .
Several countries are now entering their second year of house price declines .
Among the worst hit is Germany , where prices were falling at a rate of 4.4 % last year and 2.5 % this year .
" There is less demand for owner - occupied property in Germany than in many other European countries and there is no shortage of supply , " said Barnes .
In Spain , the Knight Frank index recorded a price rise of 2.4 % annually , but it warned that falls are now almost inevitable .
" The well - publicised problems in Spain have not yet fed into house price statistics .
So far , price falls have been concentrated in the coastal resorts and among new developments in the large cities , " said Barnes .
" Spain looks likely to fall into recession later this year , and house sales fell steeply during June .
The number of sales dropped by 34.2 % in May and 29.6 % in June , suggesting that wider price falls could be imminent . "
But investors who bought second homes in Bulgaria have reason to feel bullish .
Knight Frank said current annual price growth is 32.2 % , only slightly lower than the 33.7 % rate recorded in the first quarter .
Biggest fallers : Year - on - year house price change to Q2 2008
Latvia - 24.1 %
United States - 16.8 %
Estonia - 16 %
Lithuania - 9.9 %
Denmark - 9.6 %
Ireland - 8.1 %
UK - 3.9 %
Malta - 2.7 %
Germany - 2.5 %
New Zealand - 2.2 %
Sure , Bonnaroo brought dozens of great musical acts to the Volunteer State June 12 - 15 .
But it also drew plenty of pretty girls .
See if you can spot the Olsen twins ... for real .
Sure , Bonnaroo brought dozens of great musical acts to the Volunteer State June 12 - 15 .
But it also drew plenty of pretty girls .
See if you can spot the Olsen twins ... for real .
Sure , Bonnaroo brought dozens of great musical acts to the Volunteer State June 12 - 15 .
But it also drew plenty of pretty girls .
See if you can spot the Olsen twins ... for real .
Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all - access pass to everything local on events , music , restaurants , news and more .
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage , and to enhance and customize content and advertisements .
By clicking ' X ' or continuing to use the site , you agree to allow cookies to be placed .
To find out more , visit our cookies policy and our privacy policy .
By George Will - October 23 , 2008
" Because that 's where the money is . "
-- Willie Sutton , when asked in 1934 why he robbed banks
WASHINGTON -- Washington is having a Willie Sutton Moment .
Such moments occur when government , finding its revenue insufficient for its agenda , glimpses some money it does not control but would like to .
Sen . Charles Grassley , R - Iowa , and Rep. Peter Welch , D - Vt. , recently convened a discussion of how colleges and universities should be spending their endowments .
Grassley , who says more than 135 institutions each have endowments of more than $ 500 million , says perhaps they should be required to spend 5 percent of their endowments each year .
Welch has introduced legislation to require that percentage be spent to reduce tuition and other student expenses .
This government reach for control of private resources comes even though last year colleges and universities spent , on average , 4.6 percent of their endowments .
Furthermore , most endowments are too small to be a significant source of captured money .
Last fiscal year , Harvard 's endowment , earning an 8.6 percent return , grew from $ 34.9 billion to $ 36.9 billion .
Although less than the 23 percent return in the previous year , it was an excellent performance , considering the economic turbulence .
But only 45 private institutions have endowments of more than $ 1 billion .
Among the other 98 percent ( 1,565 ) of institutions , the median endowment is just $ 14 million .
So government in a Willie Sutton mood would target the wealthiest institutions -- those that are the foundation of basic research that undergirds American prosperity , and that have the most generous financial aid programs for students .
Nowadays , much of politics consists of telling voters that the prices of many things they buy -- gasoline , health care , higher education -- are unreasonable .
But demand for higher education has not declined even though its price at many institutions has risen even faster than the price of health care .
Parents continue to pay rising tuition costs because they consider higher education a reasonable investment .
They know that , today , wealth creation is driven by " human capital " -- trained minds -- and that " you earn what you learn . "
Daniel Mark Fogel told the Grassley - Welch panel that at the University of Vermont , of which he is president , 60 percent of undergraduates , and 74 percent of this year 's freshman class , are from out of the state .
They pay the nation 's second - highest non-resident tuition , which subsidizes the lower tuition paid by Vermonters , and helps offset declines in state appropriations .
Some Massachusetts state legislators , committing two of the seven deadly sins , are angry because tax revenues do not match their ambitions , and envious of Harvard .
They suggest raising more than $ 1 billion annually with a 2.5 percent assessment on the nine colleges and universities in the state that have endowments of more than $ 1 billion .
California legislators , disguising a third sin , avarice , as concern for " diversity , " want to require large California foundations to report the race , gender and sexual orientation of their trustees , staff and grant recipients .
Other state legislatures will emulate this step toward government control of the flow of philanthropy .
So it goes .
The almost erotic pleasure of spending money that others have earned and saved is one reason people put up with the tiresome aspects of political life .
And now the government 's response to the financial crisis , including the semi-nationalization of nine major banks , has blurred -- indeed , almost erased -- the distinction between public and private sectors .
Hundreds of billions of dollars that the political class would have liked to direct for its own social and political purposes have been otherwise allocated .
That allocation , by government fiat rather than by market forces , must reduce the efficiency of the nation 's stock of capital .
Which in turn will reduce economic growth , and government revenues , just as the welfare state -- primarily pensions and medical care for the elderly -- becomes burdened by the retirement of 78 million baby boomers .
As government searches with increasing desperation for money with which it can work its will , Willie Sutton Moments will multiply .
Government has an incentive to weaken the belief that the nation needs a vigorous and clearly demarcated sector of private educational and philanthropic institutions exercising discretion over their own resources .
So the frequently cited $ 700 billion sum is but a small fraction of the cost , over coming decades , of today 's financial crisis .
The desire of governments to extend their control over endowments and foundations is a manifestation of the metastasizing statism driven by the crisis .
For now , its costs , monetary and moral , are , strictly speaking , incalculable .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - The Pentagon official overseeing the Guantanamo war crimes court dismissed all charges against five prisoners on Tuesday , including a British resident who says he falsely confessed to a radioactive “ dirty bomb ” plot while being tortured .
A guard tower of Camp Delta is seen at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Station in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba September 4 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Joe Skipper
All five cases were assigned to military prosecutor Army Lt. Col.
Darrel Vandeveld , who quit his Guantanamo assignment last month because he said the U.S. government had withheld information that could help clear an Afghan defendant in an unrelated case .
The Defense Department gave no reason for dropping the charges but said new prosecutors had been appointed to review the cases and could refile the charges later .
The latest setback for the much - criticized Guantanamo court system came after the U.S. government declined to pursue the dirty bomb charges in a Washington court case challenging the detention of Ethiopian - born British resident Binyam Mohamed .
Mohamed , who was captured in Pakistan in 2002 , had said repeatedly in court documents that he is innocent and gave false confessions while being tortured in a Moroccan prison .
He had been transferred there extrajudicially and held for 18 months before being sent to Guantanamo .
He said he was beaten , strung up by his arms and cut on the chest and penis with scalpels and told interrogators what they wanted to hear so they would stop .
The Pentagon spelled his surname Mohammed but his civilian lawyer , Clive Stafford Smith , says Mohamed is correct .
He predicted the charges would be refiled after the November 4 U.S. presidential election .
“ This is more of the Guantanamo farce , sadly .
Instead of delivering justice , the military tries to hide all the mistakes and crimes that have been committed , including 18 months of torture of Mr. Mohamed in Morocco , ” Stafford Smith said by e-mail .
Six military prosecutors have quit the Guantanamo court in the last four years .
Some said the U.S. government sought to use evidence obtained through torture while one alleged the trials were tainted by political interference .
“ The implosion of these five prosecutions painfully underscores how the Bush administration ’s torture and detention policies have failed to render justice in any sense of the word , ” said Anthony Romero , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union .
The United States accused Mohamed , who had refugee status in Britain , of training and plotting attacks on targets in the United States with Jose Padilla , a Chicago gang member once also accused by the Bush administration of plotting a radioactive bomb attack .
DROPPED CHARGES
Padilla was never charged with that crime but was convicted in a Miami court of providing support for terrorism and sentenced to 17 years in prison .
The Pentagon appointee overseeing the Guantanamo tribunals , Susan Crawford , dropped all charges against Mohamed , Saudi Arabian captives Jabran al Qahtani and Ghassan al Sharbi , Algerian Sufyian Barhoumi , and Sudanese Noor Uthman Muhammed , the Defense Department said in a statement .
They had been charged with conspiracy and providing material support for terrorism , among other things .
The charges alleged that Qahtani , Sharbi and Barhoumi trained in al Qaeda camps in Afghanistan then traveled to Pakistan , where Barhoumi taught the others to build remote - control detonators for car bombs to be used against U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
Muhammed , the Sudanese captive , was alleged to have been an al Qaeda weapons trainer at a camp in Afghanistan .
Military prosecutors have filed charges against 24 Guantanamo captives since the current war crimes court was established in 2006 , but Crawford has now dismissed all charges against six of them without public explanation .
She upheld charges on Tuesday against another Guantanamo prisoner , Afghan captive Mohammed Hashim , clearing the way for his trial on charges of providing material support for terrorism and spying on U.S. troops in his homeland .
Prosecutors allege he took part in at least one al Qaeda rocket attack .
He would face life in prison if convicted .
The Guantanamo tribunals were established after the September 11 attacks to try non-American captives whom the Bush administrations considers “ unlawful enemy combatants ” who are not entitled to the legal protections granted to soldiers and civilians .
There are lots of DJ 's around - some good , some just starting out and some well - lets just say " guests will go home early too ! "
How do you know what type of DJ you should hire ?
Easy !
- one that takes time to understands your ideas and needs , adds enthusiasm as well as excite your guests !
Editor ’s note : Mozilla released Firefox 3.1 beta 1 on Tuesday , October 14 , 2008 at 2:42 pm PT .
Check out the Mozilla Developer News announcement reposted below for more details .
Firefox 3.1 Beta 1 is now available for download .
This milestone is focused on testing the core functionality provided by many new features and changes to the platform scheduled for Firefox 3.1 .
Ongoing planning for Firefox 3.1 can be followed at the Firefox 3.1 Planning Center , as well as in mozilla .
dev. planning and on irc.mozilla.org in # shiretoko .
New features and changes in this milestone that require feedback include :
Web standards improvements in the Gecko layout engine
Added support for CSS 2.1 and CSS 3 properties
A new tab - switching shortcut that shows previews of the tab you ’re switching to
Improved control over the Smart Location Bar using special characters to restrict your search
Support for new web technologies such as the < video > and < audio > elements , the W3C Geolocation API , JavaScript query selectors , web worker threads , SVG transforms and offline applications .
More information about new web developer features are available in the Web Tech blog post .
Testers can download Firefox 3.1 Beta 1 builds for Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux in 36 different languages .
Developers should also read the Firefox 3.1 for Developers article on the Mozilla Developer Center .
Note : Please do not link directly to the download site .
Instead we strongly encourage you to link to this Firefox 3.1 Beta 1 milestone announcement so that everyone will know what this milestone is , what they should expect , and who should be downloading to participate in testing at this stage of development .
QUANTICO , Virginia ( CNN ) --
Motorcycle accidents have killed more Marines in the past 12 months than enemy fire in Iraq , a rate that 's so alarming , it has prompted top brass to call a meeting to address the issue , officials say .
Despite crashes , Gunnery Sgt. Art Tucker rides a sport motorcycle .
" I enjoy it .
...
It relaxes me , " he says .
Twenty - five Marines have died in motorcycle crashes since November -- all but one of them involving sport bikes that can reach speeds of well over 100 mph , according to Marine officials .
In that same period , 20 Marines have been killed in action in Iraq .
The 25 deaths are the highest motorcycle death toll ever for the Marine Corps .
Gen. James Amos , the assistant commandant of the Marine Corps , told CNN that commanders are trying to drill down on what " we need to do to help our Marines survive on these sport bikes . "
" The Marines are very serious about it , " he said .
Watch these are n't your father 's Harleys »
Marine Gunnery Sgt. Art Tucker knows all too well about the dangers of sport bikes .
An owner of a Kawasaki Ninja , Tucker has had two crashes , and the second one nearly killed him .
" I sustained a broken collar bone ; I tore the shoulder out of the socket ; I tore three ligaments in the shoulder , the rotator cuff ; I broke three vertebrae , " said Tucker , a drill instructor for new officers .
" The worst was a head injury I received : a bruised brain .
And it caused hemorrhaging , and from that I had partial paralysis of the left leg , full paralysis of the left foot and toes , and that was for approximately six months . "
Amos said he and other top Marine officials will spend half the day Monday " focusing on nothing but motorcycle issues . "
The commandant of the Marine Corps , Gen. James Conway , and other senior leadership will attend the meeting at the Quantico , Virginia , Marine base , he said .
About 18,000 of the nearly 200,000 Marines are believed to own motorcycles , Amos said .
The Marines have taken some measures .
The Marine Corps has had a long - standing policy for all Marines who ride motorcycles to take a mandatory basic riding course .
More recently , it added a second training course specifically designed to train Marines who ride sport bikes .
Any Marine caught riding , even on leave , without going through the training courses faces Marine Corps punishment , officials say .
On a recent day at the Quantico training track , Marines whizzed by on their bikes .
" I think the basic rider course has been great , " said Cpl. Austin Oakley .
" Here , they put you in situations you want to be wary of out in that open road . "
Oakley said he recently returned to the United States from Japan , and he immediately jumped at the chance to buy a sport bike .
He said it 's not uncommon for Marines to have motorcycle clubs within their units .
" We 'll go out on rides together .
Fridays for lunchtime , we 'll all meet up and go to lunch , " Oakley said .
" When I get on my motorcycle , it 's me and the motorcycle .
I do n't need to go fast .
I do n't need to do anything like that .
It 's just being free . "
The rise in motorcycle deaths is n't confined to Marines .
The Navy says it 's had 33 deaths on motorcycles over the past 12 months , a 65 percent jump from the previous time period .
And authorities say motorcycle deaths have been a problem in the civilian world , too .
Military officials say they 're not sure why the deaths are on the rise .
They initially believed that the accidents might involve mostly young Marines and sailors about 18 or 19 years old .
But Navy statistics show that five of the victims were 25 , the most prevalent of any age involved in the crashes .
And two 40 - year - old sailors were killed in motorcycle crashes .
Amos said the Marines have seen a similar trend .
But he says the new training seems to be working :
Of the 300 young men and women who have gone through the sport - bike course , only three have had accidents .
The safety course instructors said some Marines who go through the training decide the sport bike is not for them .
But even some Marines who 've survived past crashes still want to ride again , even after they get the new training .
" I enjoy it , " said Tucker .
" I can actually get on my motorcycle and ride , and it 's just like if I were to do bowling or rock climbing or scuba diving .
It 's something for me .
It relaxes me . "
All About U.S. Marine Corps • U.S. Navy
William John Cox
Online Journal
Wednesday , Sept 10 , 2008
Last week , hundreds of protesters in St. Paul were arrested outside the Republican National Convention by helmeted police officers wearing black uniforms and full body armor reminiscent of scenes from the 1987 movie , RoboCop featuring : “ Part man .
Part machine .
All Cop .
The future of law enforcement . ”
In an operation supervised by federal agents , informants were recruited and paid to infiltrate media and protest groups .
Preemptive search warrants were served on their gathering places by masked officers in riot gear armed with assault rifles , and video cameras , computers , journals and political pamphlets were seized .
Officers marching in formations and shouting military chants used pepper spray , rubber bullets , concussion grenades , smoke bombs and excessive force against predominately peaceful demonstrators .
Specifically targeted , independent and credentialed journalists covering the protests were arrested , violently detained and charged with felony rioting .
( Article continues below )
The present encroachment by the federal government into matters of local law enforcement results in part from powers seized by President Bush following 9 - 11 .
He recently reaffirmed : “ Consistent with . . . the National Emergencies Act . . . , I am continuing for 1 year the national emergency I declared on September 14 , 2001 , . . . with respect to . . . the continuing and immediate threat of further attacks on the United States .
Because the terrorist threat continues , the national emergency . . . and the powers and authorities adopted to deal with that emergency , must continue in effect beyond September 14 , 2008 . ”
President Bush has appointed himself to ensure our “ continuity of government ” ; however , the actual limits on his “ powers and authorities ” remain secret , even from Congress .
Any “ Enduring Constitutional Government ” will be run by the president alone , and any “ cooperative ” role played by Congress or the Supreme Court will be at his pleasure as a “ matter of comity . ”
Watching these events unfold , and reflecting back upon the experiences and observations of a 45 - year career in America ’s justice system , I have concluded that while law enforcement may have improved as a profession , police officers have become less conscious of who it is they are sworn to protect and to serve .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Flashback
In the summer of 1968 , I transferred to the Los Angeles Police Department after having worked for five years as a police officer at a small department in San Diego County .
Many of us at the time considered ourselves to be a “ new breed ” of police officers dedicated to developing law enforcement into a true profession .
I had served as president of the San Diego County Chapter of the statewide police organization responsible for the Law Enforcement Code of Ethics and for California becoming the first state to adopt a Peace Officer Standards and Training ( POST ) program .
The 1967 President ’s Commission on Law Enforcement and the Administration of Justice had just recommended that all states establish POST Commissions .
Race - related riots were exploding in many cities throughout the ’60s , with major conflicts occurring in New York City , Rochester , Jersey City , Paterson , Elizabeth , Chicago and Philadelphia in 1964 , the Watts Riot in 1965 , Cleveland , San Francisco , and Atlanta in 1966 , and Boston , Tampa , Buffalo , Memphis , Newark , Plainfield , Detroit and Milwaukee in 1967 .
Although there had been no riots in San Diego County , it was a time of widespread discontent about the Vietnam War , and there had been a violent clash in June 1967 between LAPD officers and 10,000 antiwar protestors outside the Century Plaza Hotel where President Johnson was attending a fund - raising dinner .
With a large military presence in the county , our administrators thought it prudent to get prepared .
Many of us received training provided by the FBI in which we were issued long batons and taught to maintain wedge formations and skirmish lines to force protestors and rioters to disburse .
Other than for helmets , we received no protective gear and our faces were uncovered .
We were in gabardine uniforms , with ties , badges and name plates .
Being one of the taller officers , I often found myself at the point , as in this newspaper photograph .
Following the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. on April 4 , 1968 , riots immediately erupted all over the country .
At least 125 cities suffered violence and destruction and more than 56,000 federal and National Guard troops were mobilized in 18 states and 36 cities .
The worst riots were in Washington , D.C. , Baltimore , Chicago , Boston , Detroit , Kansas City and Newark .
In Chicago , Mayor Daley ordered the police , who had received no civil disorder training , to shoot to kill .
More than 700 fires raged in Washington , D.C. and the White House was turned into a “ fortress . ”
After graduating from the Los Angeles Police Academy and completing my one - year probation , I commenced evening law school .
During the day and for the next two years , I researched and wrote the Department ’s Policy Manual establishing the principles and philosophy governing policing in the city , including the meaning of “ To Protect and To Serve . ”
Policies were established for the use of force , including firearms , and the Department ’s response to riots .
During “ unusual occurrences , ” I was also assigned to temporarily staff the Emergency Control Center where I served as the Situation Report Officer compiling all information and intelligence into hourly and daily reports for commanding officers and political leaders .
Major events included the all - day shootout on December 8 , 1969 between the LAPD and barricaded Black Panthers on South Central Avenue and the East LA riots in August and September 1970 , during which Times columnist Rubén Salazar was killed by sheriff deputies and a bomb was exploded in the federal building next door to the LA police headquarters .
There were many other less publicized acts of violence in LA during the late ’60s and early ’ 70s :
In 1968 , the employment office at Cal State Northridge was firebombed because of defense contracts ; a shrapnel bomb exploded at the Hollywood Selective Service office ; five heavy - duty Army trucks were dynamited in Van Nuys ; and students occupied the administration building at Cal State Northridge and held the president and other administrators at knife point for four hours .
The following year , a pipe bomb exploded at a Navy and Marine Corps Training Center in Compton and an airplane dropped an incendiary device outside a military installation .
In 1970 , two Selective Service offices sustained heavy damage during bombings ; two men were arrested as they attempted to firebomb the National Guard armory in San Pedro ; and an explosion and fire caused $ 10,000 damage at UCLA ’s ROTC facility .
Los Angeles was not alone in experiencing public disorder and violence during this era as rage against the war and racial discrimination resulted in riots and civil disorder across the country .
In addition to the widespread riots following the murder of Dr. King and in Chicago during the Democratic National Convention , riots in 1968 also occurred in New York City , Orangeburg , South Carolina , Baltimore , Kansas City , Salisbury , Maryland , and Louisville .
New York City was again stuck by rioting in 1969 followed by a riot in York , Pennsylvania .
During the “ Days of Rage , ” the Weathermen , a militant offshoot of the Students for a Democratic Society , violently confronted the police in response to the trial of the “ Chicago Eight . ”
In March 1970 , three Weathermen died during a failed attempt to construct a bomb in Greenwich Village , and four students were shot by National Guardsmen during a demonstration at Kent State in May .
Several days later , construction workers wearing hard hats attacked a student antiwar demonstration in Wall Street injuring 70 and stormed City Hall to demand raising the flag which had been lowered in mourning for the Kent State students .
Continuing in 1970 , there were riots in Augusta and Asbury Park .
Bombs exploded at : the Army Mathematics Research Center at the University of Wisconsin - Madison ; a courtroom in San Rafael , California ; an armory in Santa Barbara ; the ROTC building at the University of Washington , the University of California , Berkeley in October ; and a replica of the Liberty Bell in Portland .
Violence continued in 1971 when the “ Weather Underground ” exploded a bomb causing $ 300,000 damage at the U.S. Capitol building to protest the invasion of Laos ; there were prison riots at Attica and San Quentin ; a Black Muslim riot in Baton Rouge ; May Day protests in Washington , D.C. and a riot in Camden , New Jersey .
As a result of the widespread violence sweeping the country and coincident with his presidential campaign , President Nixon appointed a National Advisory Commission on Criminal Justice Standards and Goals in 1972 .
Although I was still attending law school and employed by the LAPD , I was placed on loan to the Commission to work on the staff of the Police Task Force .
My assignment over the next year was to write the introductory chapters defining the role of police officers in America and their relationship with the communities they serve .
The commission published its initial reports in 1973 , including specific recommendations to upgrade the quality of police personnel by improved recruitment and selection processes and for mandatory and extensive basic and in - service training requirements .
Most basically , the Commission recommended continuance of primary local and state – versus federal – responsibility for domestic law enforcement .
To the greatest extent possible , policing was to be community based .
Having completed law school , I was employed by the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration ( LEAA ) in 1973 to work on the implementation of national standards and goals .
After a year in Washington , D.C. , I was appointed as a deputy district attorney in Los Angeles and prosecuted criminal cases for the next three years .
I then opened a public interest law practice in the City of Long Beach in which I primarily represented juveniles accused of serious crimes and undertook a variety of pro bono cases that attracted my interest .
Some of the last battles in America ’s urban war were fought by the Symbionese Liberation Army ( SLA ) formed in 1973 to engage in guerrilla warfare against “ the fascist insect that preys upon the life of the people . ”
Following the murder of the Oakland Schools superintendent for requiring students to carry identification , the SLA kidnapped newspaper heiress Patricia Hearst and committed a bank robbery in which a customer was killed .
The LAPD closed in on the SLA in May 1974 and six heavily armed members died in a shootout and fire .
In August of the next year , surviving SLA members attempted to bomb several LAPD patrol cars .
The National Advisory Commission released its final report by the Task Force on Disorders and Terrorism in 1976 .
The report differentiated civil disorders from terrorism in finding that civil disorders are “ manifestations of exuberance , discontent , or disapproval on the part of a substantial segment of the community . ”
Terrorism was defined as “ the deliberately planned work of a small number of malcontents or dissidents who threaten the security of the entire community . ”
The task force observed that “ very little American violence has been insurrectionary .
Mass protest in this country has been directed at modifying our system of government , not overthrowing it .
Terrorism in this country has been limited , unpopular , and disorganized . ”
The task force concluded that “ the nature of American society enables it to absorb a considerable amount of violence without damaging its political structure . ”
Finally , the Task Force predicted that “ terrorist activities will increase and intensify .
In contrast , civil disturbances appear to be cyclical and are the products of local , social and political conditions . ”
A mellowing of discontent
Passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , the Food Stamp Act of 1964 , the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 , the Higher Education Act of 1965 , the Social Security Act of 1965 , the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , and the Fair Housing Act of 1968 brought an end to many of the institutionalized causes of racial segregation and discrimination in America .
Combined with a generalized increase in the standard of living for most people , many of the root causes for violent protests by minorities were removed .
The antiwar movement sputtered out following American ’s withdrawal from Vietnam , and the country experienced a significant reduction in violent political protests during the ’ 80s and ’90s .
Law enforcement continued to improve as a profession with all states adopting POST programs and a significant portion of police officers obtained college degrees .
After peaking in 1991 , the crime rate began to dramatically drop .
While some of the reduction can be traced to the aging of the baby boomers , improved police administration and practices certainly made a substantial contribution .
As a part of the continuing professionalization of law enforcement , I was recruited by two former LAPD commanding officers in 1984 to serve as general counsel and operations officer for a high - level private security consulting and investigation company they had established .
Primarily deploying operatives with law enforcement backgrounds , our clients included a number of major Fortune 500 corporations , including several that operated nuclear weapons sites for the U.S. Department of Energy .
When my principals sold their business in 1988 , I reopened my law practice in Long Beach and concentrated on investigative law .
Back to the future
The bombings of the World Trade Center in February 1993 and the Oklahoma City federal building in April 1995 were pure mass - casualty terrorist attacks and were unrelated to any domestic protest movement .
There were only two major urban riots during the ’ 80s and ’90s and both shared similar causation .
The Miami riot in 1980 resulted from the acquittal of five white police officers accused of beating an African - American insurance salesman to death after he attempted to surrender .
The Liberty City area erupted in two days of rioting in which 150 fires were set , 17 people died , 1,300 were arrested and there was $ 50 million in property damage .
Twelve years later , in April 1992 , four white Los Angeles police officers were acquitted by a jury of charges they had used excessive force while arresting an African - American driver after a high - speed chase .
The beating was videotaped by a bystander and the film was widely shown on television .
Following the verdict , a white truck driver was dragged from his truck and was beaten by African - American youths as the assault was broadcast live from a television station news helicopter .
Rioting immediately spread throughout Los Angeles and adjoining cities violence and destruction prevailed for three days , until the National Guard was able to restore order .
Fifty - two people died during the rioting , 2,499 were injured and 6,559 were arrested for riot - related crimes ; 1,120 buildings suffered more than $ 446 in damage and 377 were totally destroyed .
The primary difference between the 1992 riot and all other previous urban riots was that it spread throughout the metropolitan area and rioters represented all socioeconomic and racial groups .
The emergence of robocops
One of the more unsettling trends in recent years has been the increasing militarization of local police forces in response to protest activities unrelated to terrorism .
While we have become accustomed to seeing specialized units , such as SWAT teams outfitted in black coveralls and other combat gear , police officers are now appearing as “ RoboCops ” with military weapons at political demonstrations , such as the anti-globalization protests in 1999 in Seattle against the World Trade Organization .
The Department of Homeland Security was created in November 2002 to supervise , fund and coordinate “ local first responders . ”
Since then , billions have been spent to equip and train police , fire and medical personnel to respond to high consequence - low probability terrorist events .
Homeland Security has provided local law enforcement agencies with almost unlimited funds to purchase militaristic equipment to fight the war against terrorism .
Once agencies equip every officer with black tactical suits , full body armor , dark - visored helmets and assault weapons and train them to respond to highly unlikely terrorist events , police administrators are much more likely to deploy overwhelming force against political protesters , who usually constitute a pain in the ass rather than a real threat to public order .
Acting under the aegis of the Department of Homeland Security , as many as 40 different law enforcement agencies blanketed Miami in November 2003 during meetings relating to the Free Trade Area of the Americas .
Protest groups were infiltrated by the police , and the corporate media were “ embedded ” with law enforcement .
In what has become known as the “ Miami Model , ” an aggressive police deployment is characterized by mass preventive arrests , a violent police response to nonviolent demonstrators , and the arrest and harassment of independent journalists working among the protestors .
In addition , Miami deployed unidentifiable police “ extraction teams ” wearing full body armor and ski masks in unmarked vans to haul away protestors .
Adopting a “ zero tolerance ” of protest , the New York City police department used “ Miami ” tactics in 2004 at the Republican National Convention .
Hundreds of peaceful demonstrators and innocent bystanders were illegally arrested , fingerprinted , photographed , and subjected to prolonged detention in wire cages before being released without prosecution .
Repressive tactics were also used the same year as a counter - terrorism measure at the Democratic National Convention , where Boston police established a designated fenced enclosure topped by razor wire as the “ free speech zone . ”
Protestors could only demonstrate in the “ zone , ” which was well away from the convention and beyond the view of participants and the news media .
Another full - court press against protest occurred in 2004 at the G8 Summit on Sea Island just off the coast from Brunswick , Georgia .
The governor declared a month - long state of emergency along the coast and more than 25,000 local , state and federal police officers and military units in armored assault vehicles were deployed in or near the small coastal town , which only has a population of 15,000 residents .
Local businesses closed up for the week and boarded up their windows , and the federal government spent more than $ 25 million to protect the summit against terrorism ; however , fewer than 250 activists showed up to demonstrate , including three who protested that the local pigeons had more freedom than they did .
The 2008 national political conventions
Approximately 150 demonstrators were arrested by law enforcement officers in Denver during the 2008 Democratic National Convention ; however , many were released without charges and the others were primarily charged with offenses including obstruction , throwing stones , assault , illegal dumping and possession of drugs and illegal weapons .
Most pleaded guilty and were fined $ 100 plus court costs and given a five - day suspended sentence .
Other than for authorized marches , protesters were required to remain in a “ Freedom Cage ” separated from the Denver convention center by metal fences on top of concrete barricades .
Although some officers turned out in riot gear , they all had badges and identification numbers displayed on their chests and the use of force was mainly restricted to the defensive use of pepper spray .
It appears that both protesters and the police considered the gathering to be a political protest , rather than a terrorist activity , and there was a determined effort by both sides to avoid violent confrontations .
It was a different story during the Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minnesota .
Early on , the police department promised protest organizers that the entire city of St. Paul would be a “ free speech zone , ” police officers would not infiltrate protest organizations , officers would wear uniforms rather than tactical gear , and the local police would be in charge of policing rather than federal authorities .
None of these promises were kept .
Instead , the police relied upon the classic Miami Model to control and oppress political dissent .
Prior to the Republican Convention , the FBI - directed Minneapolis Joint Terrorist Task force recruited paid “ moles ” to infiltrate protest groups and to report on their plans and activities .
In the week before the convention , local authorities supervised by the FBI and aided by informants conducted a series of preemptive raids leading to seizures of video cameras , computers , journals and political materials .
Teams of 25 - 30 RoboCops waving assault rifles and shotguns entered homes of protesters forcing everyone present to the floor and to be handcuffed and photographed .
Even attorneys on the scene to represent detainees were handcuffed .
More than 10,000 protesters gathered to demonstrate during the convention .
Officers responded wearing helmets with face shields and full body armor without badges or any form of personal identification .
They marched about in formation shouting military chants .
Officers used pepper spray , rubber bullets , smoke bombs , concussion grenades and excessive force to arrest more than 800 protesters , including a 78 - year - old Catholic nun .
Many of those arrested were overcharged with felony rioting making it more difficult for them to be released from custody .
Journalists were specifically targeted for harassment and arrest .
Two independent photojournalist groups were subjected to preemptive searches , and journalists who were present were detained at gunpoint .
Video equipment and computers were seized from “ I - Witness Video , ” a media watchdog group that monitors law enforcement to protect civil liberties , and the “ Glass Bead Collective , ” another video documentary group .
Associated Press photographer Matt Rourke was arrested while on assignment after police encircled the demonstrators he was photographing .
Even though he displayed convention credentials , Rourke was kicked to the ground , arrested , and his camera was seized .
Subsequently several other members of the media , including AP reporters Amy Forliti and Jon Krawczynski were trapped with protesters on a bridge .
They were forced to sit with their hands over their heads until being led away for processing .
They were cited for unlawful assembly and were released .
Two student photographers and their faculty advisor were also held without charges for 36 hours .
At least 19 journalists were detained during the convention ; however , the most sensational arrest was of prominent broadcast journalist Amy Goodman of “ Democracy Now ! , ” who was arrested for attempting to speak to a police commanding officer about the arrest of two accredited coworkers .
Within seconds , she was grabbed and pulled behind the police line .
Her arms were forcibly twisted behind her back and her wrists were tightly bound with rigid plastic cuffs .
When she repeated that she was an accredited journalist , an unidentified Secret Service agent walked up and said , “ Oh really ? ” and ripped her convention credential from her neck .
Goodman ’s producers , Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar , had been arrested after being forced into a parking lot along with protesters and surrounded by police officers .
Salazar was trapped between parked cars and thrown to the ground ; her face was smashed into the pavement and she was bleeding from the nose .
One officer had a boot or knee on her back and another officer was pulling on her leg .
Sharif was thrown against a wall and kicked in the chest .
He was bleeding from his arm .
Both “ Democracy Now ! ” producers were charged with suspicion of felony rioting , and Amy Goodman was charged with obstruction of a police officer .
She said , “ There ’s a reason our profession is explicitly protected by the Constitution — because we ’re the check and balance on power , the eyes and ears .
And when the eyes and ears are closed , it ’s very dangerous for democratic society . ”
St. Paul Police Chief John Harrington says his officers “ did not overreact ” and that they “ responded appropriately ” in dealing with demonstrators :
“ If a reporter is committing crimes while they ’re under their credentials , I think they become regular citizens . ”
Although the era of Internet journalism makes it more difficult for law enforcement officers to identify media representatives , the Constitution makes no distinction between those who are “ accredited ” and those who are not .
The First Amendment protects the rights of all journalists to do their jobs , especially at political events and public protests .
Reporters not only have a right to be present at such events , but they have a duty to mix with participants and to inform the public of their observations , especially how they are treated by those who have taken an oath to protect and to serve the public .
What Now ?
I ended the last phase of my career in the justice system last year as a prosecutor for the State Bar of California , essentially policing the legal profession .
I have now retired and have dedicated my remaining years to writing in an attempt to bring about a more peaceful and representative government ; however , I fear for the future of the American people .
There are two things for certain : First , if the violent protest events of the ’60s and ’ 70s were to occur today , the Constitution would be suspended and all of us would be living under martial law .
Second , things will get worse before they get better !
Not only are we in a severe recession in which hundreds of thousands of us are losing our jobs , homes , health and our way of life , but the absolute risk of mass - casualty terrorism has not been diminished by the “ War on Terrorism ” — indeed it has been made much more likely by the manner in which it has been conducted .
The thing I fear most is the class war being waged on the working and middle class by the political and economic elites of America .
They have seized most of the wealth , income and political power and they control the corporate media and the ability to shape our opinions , beliefs and attitudes .
At some point we have to fight back and we will not win unless those who enforce the laws do so on our behalf .
Today , there is little difference between the two main political parties and irrespective of who will be president during the next four years of turmoil , I fear his or her use of the extraordinary and secret powers that have been aggrandized to the presidency , as we begin to increasingly protest our loss of freedoms , rights , and livelihoods .
I continue to respect and to identify with those professional police officers who wear the badges we issue them and who form the thin blue line between peaceful political protest and the violence of terrorism , but my faith in our ability to survive the difficulties we confront together is fading fast .
Just as police officers must recognize that our political protests are not acts of terrorism , we must be able to see their faces , to know who they are , to trust that they are on our side , and that they will act as professionals .
Contrary to the propaganda of those who seek unlimited power over us , the law enforcement model has worked well for more than 200 years to protect the security and freedoms of Americans .
We must resist with all of our might the use and deployment of the military and federal agents within this country to enforce our local laws .
We must trust our local police to protect us and our right to dissent .
Years ago as a brash young man I attempted to define the meaning of the motto , “ To Protect and To Serve , ” painted on the side of LAPD patrol cars .
Today , as a much older and hopefully wiser man , I believe the motto should be , “ The People and Their Police — Peers for Peace . ”
It speaks for itself .
Upcoming Django releases
With Django 1.0 out the door and a successful inaugural DjangoCon behind us , it 's time to look ahead to the future , which includes two releases :
Django 1.1 , currently targeted for release in March 2009 .
Django 1.0.1 , currently targeted for release next month .
Both of these releases , of course , will follow our policy of maintaining compatibility in the 1.0 release series .
Django 1.1 timeline
At the moment , we 're aiming to release Django 1.1 on or around March 16 , 2009 , or roughly six months following the release of Django 1.0 .
As covered in our release process documentation , the 1.1 release cycle will consist of three phases : feature proposal , feature work and bugfixing / polishing .
Since Django 1.1 is happening on a six - month schedule , that means two months for each phase of development ; the relevant dates for 1.1 have already been discussed on the django - developers mailing list , but here 's the quick breakdown ( these dates are still rough estimates , and may change as needed ) :
November 10 , 2008 : A draft feature list for 1.1 will be posted .
A draft feature list for 1.1 will be posted .
November 15 , 2008 : The 1.1 feature list will be finalized , and no new feature proposals will be accepted for 1.1 .
The 1.1 feature list will be finalized , and no new feature proposals will be accepted for 1.1 .
January 15 , 2009 : All major features must be merged into Django trunk , trunk will go into the initial 1.1 feature freeze and work will shift to bugfixes .
All major features must be merged into Django trunk , trunk will go into the initial 1.1 feature freeze and work will shift to bugfixes .
March 16 , 2009 : Django 1.1 will be released .
As with 1.0 , Django 1.1 will be preceded by several pre-release packages to help focus development effort and isolate bugs .
March is still quite a ways off , of course , but keep in mind that the feature - proposal window will be closing in a couple of weeks ; if there 's something you 'd really like to see in Django 1.1 and you have n't already started a discussion of it on the django - developers list , you 'll want to do so quickly .
Django 1.0.1 timeline
In the much more immediate future , we 're preparing to release Django 1.0.1 , which will consist solely of bugfixes and similar improvements to the Django 1.0 codebase .
Django 1.0.1 will be a recommended upgrade for anyone who 's currently using or migrating to Django 1.0 .
Because 1.0.1 will only involve bugfixes , with no feature additions to propose or test , the release process for it will be somewhat abbreviated .
Here are the key dates :
October 31 , 2008 : Django 1.0.1 beta .
Though it will be called a " beta " release , this will mainly serve as a preview of 1.0.1 , and will be production - quality ; its primary purpose will be to give folks an idea of what 's been fixed since the 1.0 release and a last opportunity to submit patches for any fixes they 'd like to see make into into 1.0.1 final .
Django 1.0.1 beta .
Though it will be called a " beta " release , this will mainly serve as a preview of 1.0.1 , and will be production - quality ; its primary purpose will be to give folks an idea of what 's been fixed since the 1.0 release and a last opportunity to submit patches for any fixes they 'd like to see make into into 1.0.1 final .
November 14 , 2008 : Django 1.0.1 will be released .
From an administrative perspective , the 1.0.1 release will not involve any special categorization or milestones in the ticket tracker ; with a release of this type , administrivia in Trac is far less important than simple working code , and any bug is a candidate for fixing up until the day of the release .
So if there 's a particular issue you 'd like to see solved for 1.0.1 , the best way to ensure the fix makes it into the release is to provide a working patch .
As always , preferential treatment will be given to patches which match our contribution guidelines , especially to patches which include unit tests that both demonstrate the bug and demonstrate the success of the solution .
Also , remember that patches for 1.0.1 should be created against the 1.0.X release branch , rather than against trunk .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
September 12 , 2008
It should be obvious to all who pay attention — and sadly , not too many do — that the Bob Barr campaign is designed to rend what little cohesion and unity there is among third parties and candidates .
It should be especially obvious after Russ Verney , Bob Barr ’s campaign manager , gushed all over George Bush , telling us that Bush “ showed incredible leadership as he stood atop a fire truck amidst the rubble of the twin towers to rally America , ” that is to say rally America toward a unitary dictatorship .
How is it this guy runs Barr ’s campaign ?
Barr is supposedly a Libertarian .
As a Republican representative , he voted for the Patriot Act , asked the neocon Newt Gingrich to “ design a World War II - style victory plan to save America ’s children from illegal drugs , ” and voted for the Iraq Resolution that has resulted thus far in over a million dead Iraqis .
Some Libertarian .
And then , under the steady hand of Varney , Barr snubbed Ron Paul ’s third - party press conference and held his own press conference down the hall .
According to David Franke , editor of Third Party Watch , Barr had some snide things to say about Dr. Paul and his effort .
It should be recalled that Bob Barr was not only a Republican on good terms with the neocons before he was assigned to sabotage the Libertarian effort , but from 1971 until 1978 he worked for the CIA .
As they say , you never stop working for the agency .
But even more stupendous is the fact the Libertarians let this guy become representative on the Libertarian National Committee , representing the Party ’s Southeast Region , and then allowed him to become the 2008 Libertarian presidential nominee after six rounds of voting at the 2008 Libertarian convention .
Is it too much to say the CIA now owns the Libertarian Party ?
At minimum , how can the Libertarian candidate for the presidency have a campaign manager that gushes all over George W. Bush ?
How are the neocons and the phony baloney war on terrorism – the war on the Constitution – compatible with Libertarian principles ?
Go figure .
It really is amazing how effortlessly the Libertarians were duped and sold down the river .
It was easy as finding a whore on Saturday night in Soho .
Maybe the Libertarians deserve to be relegated to a footnote after all .
Addendum
As noted in the comments here , Bob Barr was elected to the House , not the Senate .
Mistake noted and corrected .
A few Libertarians offer excuses for Barr ’s behavior and voting record , but the fact remains — he supported the contrived GWOT and the so - called war on drugs , responsible for ruining literally millions of lives .
He also apparently believes the neocon version of events in regard to 9/11 , making him either a dupe , outright idiot , or more likely a neocon fellow traveler .
Do you want this guy as your president ?
I sure the heck do n’t .
The Libertarians can do better , far better than Bob Barr .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
“ Prime Minister Brown , we cannot avert our eyes from the basic fossil fuel facts , or the consequences for life on our planet of ignoring these fossil fuel facts .
If we continue to build coal - fired power plants without carbon capture , we will lock in future climate disasters associated with passing climate tipping points .
We must solve the coal problem now . ”
That was Professor Hansen , a director of NASA and one of the world ’s most eminent climate scientists , in a letter to Downing Street in December .
His call was echoed by the Royal Society in April after Business Minister , John Hutton , ignored climate science and gave his personal backing for new unabated coal , historically the single biggest fossil - fuel source of CO2 , in a speech to the Adam Smith Institute .
No credible climate scientist now thinks that continuing to burn coal unabated is compatible with tackling climate change .
It ’s obvious the government needs to accept that new coal plants like the one proposed at Kingsnorth are not an option .
My organisation Greenpeace – together with WWF , Friends of the Earth and the RSPB – last week backed the introduction of tough new greenhouse gas emission performance standards for power stations , like those already introduced in California by arch - hippy Governor Schwarzenegger .
These would rule out unabated coal and incentivise clean , renewable technologies to secure Britain ’s energy needs .
The Cameroonian think - tank , Policy Exchange , endorsed the idea and today the Conservatives announced that they agree with the principle of new standards too .
Whilst the grassroots climate activists who hijacked the train carrying thousands of tonnes of coal to Drax power plant this morning may disagree with the detail of Cameron ’s announcement next Monday , it ’s clear the rules of the game have changed when the environmental direct action movement and the Tories are united in saying that something needs to be done about coal – and for the same reasons .
Equally , I ’m sure the climate campers in Yorkshire this morning would agree with the conclusions of the cross- parliamentary Environmental Audit Committee who last week branded Energy Minister Malcolm Wicks “ reckless ” over his support for new unabated coal burning at Kingsnorth .
The more polite ones , anyway .
Apart from the DUP , who remain open to persuasion , the Prime Minister is looking increasingly short of allies on this issue .
A consensus is emerging between the Conservatives and Lib Dems , climate scientists , environment and development NGOs , and the grassroots movement .
Even the state of Kansas , whose adherence to scientific orthodoxy does n’t always extend to embracing evolution , has ruled out new coal on climate grounds .
Britain ’s claim to international leadership on climate change is starting to look a bit implausible .
As old power stations come to the end of the line , the Prime Minister is being offered a unique opportunity .
Introducing green standards for power stations would get backing across the political spectrum and make Brown a genuine leader on clean energy .
[ digg- reddit - me ]
Many pundits and both campaigns have declared this the year of the independent voter – and both presidential campaigns are making serious attempts to reach out to these unaffiliated voters .
It is often noted that not all of these independent voters are created equal .
They can be divided into three roughly described camps :
the partisan independent who is a conservative or liberal , in all but name , who generally consumes media appropriate to his or her silent affiliation ( e.g. , the independent who watches Fox News , listens to Rush Limbaugh , and reads Ann Coulter , and agrees with all these sources or his or her liberal counterpart ) ;
the issue independent who has strong positions on particular issues and will vote for whatever candidate supports those issues ( e.g. a pro-life independent who is against the death penalty , war , and abortion who does n’t know who to support this election cycle ) ;
the character independent – whom this piece is about .
The character independents ( hereinafter , just “ independents ” ) supported McCain over Bush in 2000 ; and Obama over Clinton in 2008 .
In this election season , independents supported Obama over Clinton and his opponents and McCain over all of his Republican opponents , and in the polls so far , the independents are breaking evenly between Obama and McCain .
How is it that this group can be so evenly split – see- sawing this way and that – when the differences between the two candidates they are viewing are so stark ?
I have a suspicion as to what ’s going on here – as I am in many ways a character independent myself .
My central idea is this :
These independents are media creations – not media creations in the way that soccer moms and security moms were – stereotypes created to give flavor to election coverage – but creations of the media environment itself .
Independent voters are individuals who have internalized the media ’s approach to issues .
A while ago , I wrote a piece about a fundamental flaw in the mainstream media coverage of virtually every issue , every event , and every policy .
While opinion columnists and the partisan press often take a side in reporting these issues – for example , “ Global warming is real ; ” or “ Obama is not a Muslim ; ” or “ As far as we can tell , the Swift Boaters are just making stuff up ” – the mainstream media will report both sides of each issue or policy or accusation .
Within their piece , they might give slightly more credence to one point of view than another – and end the piece on a high note for one side or another – but they are generally careful to avoid taking sides , even when the facts support one side overwhelmingly .
The problem is that the mainstream media has adopted an understanding of fairness that treats competing claims as equally valid , irrespective of the opinion of the reporter , or even of the facts .
The mainstream press attempts to adapt every story into their he -said , she - said paradigm – rather than fulfilling their journalistic responsibility to attempt to write the first rough draft of history , however flawed it may be .
They avoid the facts at hand and instead merely transcribe the competing allegations , careful not to let their own reporting interfere .
This leads – for example – to 53 % of stories in the mainstream press about global warming to question the basic premises of this theory , while within peer - reviewed scientific journals , 0 % of stories call into question the basic premises .
This disconnect between reality as understood by science and the reporting on the science is what has lead to a 15 year interim between the scientific consensus on global warming and the finally emerging political consensus .
If the reporters covering this story had done their work properly , they could have called the global warming skeptics what they were – oil industry shills – instead of reporting on their work as independent and nearly as credible as the vast majority of scientists .
Most voters ’ only contact with any presidential candidate is through the media – so it is only natural that the media substantially affects their choices .
An independent - minded person viewing or reading media that presents every issue as he -said , she - said has to develop a method of resolving this conflict between the he ’s and she’s .
While a partisan will pick a team , and strongly tend to come down on the side of that team , an independent takes pride in seeing both sides of every issue – just as the media does .
But while the media can avoid taking a side , an independent must – every two years or so – vote and make a choice .
While the media is always able to find opposing sets of competing allegations , reality is not so simple .
The media should n’t give equal time to claims by McCain that offshore drilling will reduce oil prices significantly and by Obama that it will not .
They know one side is wrong and the other right .
The media should n’t give equal time to scientists and skeptics about global warming .
One side has evidence – the other side only has money .
Since the right learned to manipulate the media by directly contradicting their opponents ’ positions , no matter the facts , they have won election after election .
By distorting the news to fit into their paradigm , the media has created a class of voters who see both sides of every issue – even when the facts clearly favor one side .
For the past ten years , as the media has been manipulated , so have they .
And obvious policy choices and elections suddenly become competitive .
This same pattern is emerging this year as the media treats Obama ’s policies and McCain ’s policies equally – even when one is reality - based and the other defined by political expediency .
And so , independents are split equally so far in a year that should favor the Democrats .
But you can see that the Republicans are getting nervous – as the media finally began to cover the McCain campaign with the same intensity it has been using to cover Obama ’s because of the Palin pick .
Yesterday – all night – the Republicans attacked the media .
They want to raise doubts in the minds of independents in case the media finally turns on them .
In the end , it ’s clear how the media will cover these attacks .
They will get McCain operatives to give quotes bashing their reporting , and then they will get some reporters to comment on how they ’re trying to be fair .
And independents will see both sides .
Like Loading ...
TITLE : The Artful Dodger
SCAMMER NAME : Ben Kuruneri / Ben Okezie
SCAMMER LOCATION : South Africa
SCAMBAITER : Shiver Metimbers Another " art " scam once more .
It runs on similar lines to the ones already published and initially I was not going to bother publishing it , however I thought I would publish because of the revealing interaction between my fake scammer ( Ali Gee ) and the real scammer in the last part of the story .
First comes the now familiar scam introduction letter from a Ben Kuruneri : From : Ben Kuruneri
To : Derek Trotter
Date : February 21 , 2006
Subject : KEEP IT SECRET ( BUSINESS ) 25 WALMER STREET
AREA CODE 6001
PORT ELIZABETH
SOUTH AFRICA
TEL:+27-73364XXXX
FAX :+27 7616 5XXXX
EMIL : [ email protected ]
BUSINESS ASSISTANCE
ATTN : SIR / M
I am certain you will be surprised to recive this mail from me , indeed , I sincerely apologize for the embarrassment this might cause you .
However , I wish to state , that it is sincerely necessitated by my present plight and I pray you will readily be of tremendous assistance .
I am Mr. BEN CHRISTOPHER kuruneri , from Zimbabwe and the son of Mr Christopher kuruneri who until recently was the Honorable Minister Of Finance in the present Robert Mugabe Government in Zimbabwe .
Precisely , on The 24th of April 2004 , the security goons of President Robert Mugabe in what was an excessive and unprecedented use of force arrested my father while still a Government Minister at our family house in Harare .
He was arrested on the allegation that his building of
a Thirty Million Rand ( i.e. US$ 8 Million ) beach front mansion in Llandudno , Cape Town , South Africa was in contravention of Zimbabwe ’s regulation on Foreign exchange control .
Though , my father has repeatedly made it clear that he did not in anyway contravene this regulation , maintaining , that he was funding the housing project from funds he made through his business ventures and consultance work outside Zimbabwe prior to his becoming a minister , and that the funds were never held nor transferred from Zimbabwean banks , charges , are yet to be laid against him in a court of law .
For the past weeks since his arrest , my father has been held in solitary confinement and under severe inhuman conditions in the gulag of Mugabe despite several efforts and calls for him to be charged before a competent court or be released .
However , my family is undoubtedly aware of the underlying political intrigue and vendetta that is involved in this case than meets the eyes .
It simply has to do with my fathers uncompromising stance against the oppressive polices and unwholesome activities of President Robert Mugabe , besides , my father ’s recent rising popularity within the ruling ZANU - PF party , and around the country and his touting as a possible successor to President Robert Mugabe .
My family was aware , that Mugabe was very uncomfortable with this situation and knew , that it was matter of time before he moved against him , but , unfortunately , lest did we anticipated it in this most bizarre and barbaric manner .
Being aware of Robert Mugabe ’s anticidents , to say , that my father and the entire family entertain great concern and apprehension about his life and that of the other members of our family , is to state the obvious .
It is obvious from his actions , President Robert Mugabe is out destroy the family both political , fiancial and otherwise .
Presently , I have moved with the rest of my family into South Africa , where we have managed to gain asylum .
However , the tactic support for President Mugabe from the present South African Government , coupled with the proximity of both countries makes our continued stay and hope for a future in South Africa most risky and uncomfortable .
In the meantime , I have been mandated by my father , to explore avenues and make every necessary arrangements immediately to move our only left fund , since others has been seized , out of this country and also make arrangements to resettle the rest of my family in any of such country .
At present , i am desperately seeking your assistance
in helping me transfer the sum of Fitteen million five hundred thousand united dollars ( US $ 15.5 m ) being the total sum deposited with a security and finance company here in Port Elizabeth South Africa to your country for viable investment .
Unfortunately , under the recent South African Financial intelligence center Act ( FICA ) and the
Exchange Control Regulations as a refugee i am highly constrained from personally transferring this money out of South Africa .
However , this could easily be effected with the representation / assistance by a nationals of a different country apart from nationals of the Southern
African Development Countries , SADC , hence my writing .
For your assistance towards the successfully completion of this transaction , you will be entitled
to 15 % of the total sum involved , a further 5 % of the total money will be set aside to cater for the
expenses that might be encounteredin the course of the transaction , while the remaining 80 % will be for my families investment purposes .
Please then , could you be of any assistance in lieu of
this transaction , i kindly request that you contact me as soon as possible through the email address or telephone number below for further discussion .
However , against the backdrop of my safety and that of my entire family , I hope you appreciate more than ever the essence for the confidentiality of this transaction .
I have attached at the end of this mail , some media reports concerning this present predicament of my family to aid you with further insight .
http://www.suntimes.co.za/2004/03/21/news/news01.asp
http://www.newzimbabwe.com/pages/kuru3.1599.html
http://www.newzimbabwe.com/pages/kuru.1566.html
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2004/04/26/wzim26.xml
http://www.news24.com/News24/Africa/Zimbabwe/0,,2-11-259_1518150,00.html
Do accept my highest considerations .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Regards , BEN CHRISTOPHER kuruneri
As reliable as ever , Derek Trotter steps up to the plate : From : Derek Trotter
To : Ben Kururneri
Date : February 24 , 2006 Dear Mr. Kuruneri ,
Thank you very much for your very interesting email , however I am afraid that I will be unable to help you at this time .
These next three months are by far the busiest and most profitable period for my company and I cannot give any time to anything other than finding new artwork for our galleries especially wooden carvings .
You may already know of me since it was you that contacted me .
My name is Derek Trotter and I am the director of Trotters Fine Arts & Artist Scholarships .
We are dealers in fine art and ethnic art from all over the world .
We run eight art galleries and two scholarship centres here in the UK .
We also offer scholarship donations to aid up and coming new artists who may otherwise not have the financial means to be able to produce or improve upon their work .
Our scholarship payments range from between $ 25,000 and $ 150,000 depending on the potential of the artist .
I am sorry but I am unable to enter into your business proposition at this time , however if you have any contacts in your part of the world who may be artists that you think may benefit from our financial help then I would be very interested to be put in touch with them .
We are especially very keen on promoting new artists with experience in wood carving and will be happy to offer a very generous $ 25,000 to $ 150,000 scholarship package to young or old artists with good potential who may benefit from our help .
You may see some of our latest recipients and awards on our website ( just click on the " visit this page " link on our homepage ) .
If you know of an artist who could benefit from our financial help and who would be prepared to produce work for us to sell or promote then please do let me know .
Again I am sorry that I am unable to help with your proposition at this time but I wish you luck in finding somebody to help you .
Sincerely ,
Derek Trotter
Director
Derek Trotter Fine Arts From : Ben Kururneri
To : Derek Trotter
Date : February 25 , 2006
Subject : Re : KEEP IT SECRET ( BUSINESS ) THANK YOU SO MCUH FOR YOUR RESPONSE AND SINCERITY , SO IF I GET ARTIST DO I HAVE ANY COMPENSATION IF YES I WILL FIND SOMEONE WHO WILL BE A CONTACT OR REPRESENTATIVE FOR YOU PEOPLE HERE IN AFRICA
SO WHAT DO YOU SUGGEST ?
KURUNERI From : Derek Trotter
To : Ben Kururneri
Date : February 27 , 2006 Dear Mr. Kuruneri ,
Thank you for your prompt reply .
Yes , of course we are happy to pay the usual agent 's fee of US $ 4,270 when we receive a sample of your artists work and that can be paid to you in whichever manner best suits you .
If you are able to find an artist who would benefit from our help then please do let me know and I will forward details to you on how the artist can apply .
Sincerely , Derek Trotter
Director
Derek Trotter Fine Arts From : Ben Kururneri
To : Derek Trotter
Date : February 28 , 2006
Subject : Re : KEEP IT SECRET ( BUSINESS ) Hi Mr. Trotter thank you so mcuh for your mails and business interest .
But i would like to inform you that i am so busy to do such transaction with you , nothminding there are alot of artists here both scupturers and painters .
But it will take me a whole lot of time to go for such business because i have projects at hand and i need to leave this place for some reasons .
But i have a very good friend with one of my names as his name , he knows much about the community and he can have time for the business .
He can organise some artists to be under your umbrella so that they can supply you works for sales .
I will give you his contact so that you can write him or when i speak with him i will advice him to contact you .
His name is Mr. David Ben Okezie he is a church man too .
So write to me through this address and i will let you know what he says or he will write you direct .
You will have alot of works from here , i do see some of the artists in display .
Reply to this particular mail box .
I will help you as much as i can at the moment okay .
Thanks ,
Kuruneri
A few days later , the " artist " a Mr. Ben Okezie gets in touch : From : Ben Okezie
To : Derek Trotter
Date : March 2 , 2006
Subject :
The artworks transaction , Mr. Trotter From ; Mr. B.D. Okezie
Mr. Derek Trotter i am a friend of Ben Kururneri , he told me about your business offer to him and he gave me all the information you gave him , so i am here to declare that i am interested to do the business with you .
I have some couple of artist arround upcoming ones who will be interested to work for you .
I have gone through the last information you gave him , so i will speak to an artist this week about the conditions to see if any one them can afford it .
I am ready to sponsor the transaction because most of these artist are not bouyant enough to foot such expenses .
I want a situation whereby i will work with you here as a representative so that all the artists will fall under one umbrella .
Concerning the shipping expenses of any artwork i can do that as soon as you supply sample , but i want every transaction with any artist to be co-ordinated by me .
Should we discuss terms now or should everything be until any artist i will bring to you proof him / herself as competent for the jobs .
Send a sample let me consult them immediately .
Kindly advice Mr. Kuruneri that i have spoken with you and i will wait for your urgent response , i am the one to do the transaction with you not Mr Kuruneri .
Forward every important information to me direct from now henceforth .
Should i send photos of available artworks here , even the works itself for your evaluation ?
I will be glad to hear from you , have a good day .
Yours sincerly
David Ben Okezie Something to note at this point which will become important later on ; Ben Okezie and Ben Kururneri are in fact one and the same person .
The emails are coming from exactly the same computer , and as will be revealed later on , Ben will even admit to it .
I suspect the name change is so that I do not associate Ben Okezie with the scam email from Ben Kururneri if at some point if as the " victim " I should realise the initial email was a scam .
To sae some space I wo n't go through the full " instruction " procedure here yet again , but I present Ben with instructions for two carvings .
Ben mentioned he had two artists available for work , so why not get two carvings for the price of one scammer !
From : Derek Trotter
To : Ben Okezie
Date : March 3 , 2006 Dear Mr. Okezie ,
Please find attached to this email the sample items which we would like your artists to submit to us .
Kind regards ,
Derek Trotter
Director
Derek Trotter Fine Arts
I attach many sample images of the two items , taken from various angles .
A couple of smaller versions are presented below : From : Ben Okezie
To : Derek Trotter
Date : March 3 , 2006
Subject : very important mr. trotter Attn : Mr. Derek ,
It is now important that you give me your direct phone number and office address for sending the works after producing .
I went through the website i could not get any phone number to call you anytime , i can give you my direct phone number if you want .
It may take us four weeks or above to complete and send the works because of numerous works at hand , but if you do n't mind we can send you some available works for evaluation and at the same time we are going to do your samples .
Thanks ,
Ben From : Derek Trotter
To : Ben Okezie
Date : March 4 , 2006 Dear Mr. Okezie ,
Thank you for your reply .
I thought I had already given you my private telephone number however I shall repeat it again : ( UK ) 0044 8707 65X XXX
Kind regards ,
Derek Trotter
Director
Derek Trotter Fine Arts From : Ben Okezie
To : Derek Trotter
Date : March 5 , 2006
Subject : Re : very important mr. trotter Expect my call soon .
Regards ,
David A whole month goes by with no contact from Ben .
I thought he had given up on me , but I was wrong : From : Ben Okezie
To : Derek Trotter
Date : April 6 , 2006
Subject : Re : very important mr. trotter Hi Derek ,
The jobs are ready and i am comteplating sending the dog work first and i will send the pix of the other one for you .
You will valuate the dog work and make payment as you said .
Give me your postal address according to how it will be send via fedex or d.h.l I will give you call within the week REgards , David .
B. Okezie From : Derek Trotter
To : Ben Okezie
Date : April 7 , 2006 Dear John ,
As you have requested , the address of our head office is below .
Please mark the package for the attention of my secretary Miss .
Paula Jervis .
I am usually out of the office most of the say so Miss Jervis will advise me the moment your package arrives to that I can see to your case immediately .
Note that we have several different departments in our building so it is very important that you address the shipment exactly as below :
Miss Paula Jervis
D.T.F.A .
16 XXX XXXX XXXX
XXXXX
XXXX
XX XXX
England
United Kingdom
Please advise me of the tracking number and carrier so that I will know when to expect the delivery of the package .
Payments usually require 24 hours notice to process , however if I am aware of the probably date of arrival I can ensure that your particular payment is processed as soon as possible .
VERY IMPORTANT : Mark the item value as US $ 20 and also as a gift because if it remains unlisted the import tax ay be very substantial in which case we will be unable to collect the package .
Please do take great care in packaging the item because unfortunately in the past we have had items delivered to us that have been damaged due to poor packaging .
We are unable to accept damaged goods .
If possible please forward us a photograph of the sample before you ship it .
This is not important , but if you send us a picture before you ship it then it will help my board members prepare more efficiently for your donation / scholarship payment .
Sincerely , Derek Trotter
Director
Derek Trotter Fine Arts
Some days later , Ben forward me some shipping info .
From : Ben Okezie
To : Derek Trotter
Date : April 12 , 2006
Subject : Re : very important mr. trotter Attn : Mr. Derek
I have send the dog sample , it was sent today , it was also unfortunate that i have packaged it before you asked me to send a pix of it .
It will arrive between 2 - 3 may and i will send the other sample by tuesday next week and it will arrive between 5 - 6 of may .
This is the tracking number : P.E 522 74X XXX XX I will send the second sample on tuesday , have a happy easter holidays .
Thanks ,
B.D. Okezie A quick check reveals that the shipping for this single item came to approximately US $ 160 .
Great !
From : Derek Trotter
To : Ben Okezie
Date : April 20 , 2006 Dear Mr. Okezie ,
I acknowledge receipt of your email , thank you .
Sorry I have been unavailable for the last few days however I am currently sending this email to you from Scotland where I am at an art exhibition .
I shall be returning tomorrow ( Tuesday ) so you should be able to contact me at that time .
Kind regards , Derek Trotter
Director
Derek Trotter Fine Arts
Ben 's first carving finally arrives .
From : Derek Trotter
To : Ben Okezie
Date : April 26 , 2006 Dear Mr. Okezie ,
Just to confirm to you that we have received your first carving at the office , thank you .
I shall be in touch as soon as the second carving is received .
Kind regards , Derek Trotter
Director
Derek Trotter Fine Arts
Ben 's first carving weighs in at an impressive 11 kilos :
Ben lets me know the second carving is on the way .
From : Ben Okezie
To : Derek Trotter
Date : April 28 , 2006
Subject : Re : very important mr. trotter Mr. Derek i will send the work today and as soon as i do so i will let you know , i will send two accounts where the samples money should be transfered to .
You told me within twenty four hours of receiving the samples you will make payment .
So i will call you and send the account as soon as i send the second sample .
I hope the second sample will arrive after five to ten days of the arrival of the first sample .
So you need to understand that , i sent the first one with the nmae of Paula care of your name .
I will do the same thing with the second sample and i will sent the receipt to you .
Thanks ,
Okezie From : Derek Trotter
To : Ben Okezie
Date : April 29 , 2006 Dear Mr. Okezie ,
Thank you for your email .
We are now awaiting the second item .
As explained you previously , we cannot work out the payment until all samples are received .
I will of course let you know immediately that the second sample arrives .
I assume that it will be quite soon ?
Kind regards , Derek Trotter
Director
Derek Trotter Fine Arts From : Ben Okezie
To : Derek Trotter
Date : May 2 , 2006
Subject : my accounts details mr trotter
These are my account details for the payment , you have to transfer the money into these accounts , divide the total amount into two and transfer to these two accounts
1. BANK NAME : FIRST NATIONAL BANK ( FNB )
ACCOUNT OWNER : MR .
BEN DAVID OKEZIE .
ACCOUNT NUMBER:6206387XXXX
BRANCH NAME : CARLTON CENTRE
BRANCH NUMBER:250XXX
SWIFT CODE : FIRNZAJXXXX
COUNTRY : SOUTH AFRICA 2. Bank NAME : ABSA
ACCOUNT OWNER : BEN DAVID OKEZIE
ACCOUNT NUMBER:915405XXXX
BRANCH CODE :632XXX
SWIFT CODE : JJ ZA
COUNTRY : SOUTH AFRICA
Thank you Mr. Derek for your response , hope to hear from you soon .
i hope the presence of the two will determine the contract for me .
As i said the payment should be made to the two accounts , have a day .
I also looking forward to come for exibition with you in a near future .
Thanks ,
Mr. Okezie I do not bother to reply to Ben , deciding to wait until after the second carving arrives .
Nearly two weeks later , the carving does indeed arrive , and it's even larger and heavier than the previous one , standing at over 21 inches high and weighing a very heavy 16 kilos .
According to the shipping receipt , this carving cost approximately US $ 240 to ship : Nicely done Ben , and your reward will be .... me totally ignoring your messages for a while !
SELinux development has transitioned to the Linux and open source software developer community .
As such , updates to these SELinux webpages have n't occurred since 2008 .
Please visit the SELinux project GitHub site for more up - to - date information .
As part of its information assurance mission ( now referred to as cybersecurity ) , the National Security Agency has long been involved with the computer security research community in investigating a wide range of computer security topics including operating system security .
Recognizing the critical role of operating system security mechanisms in supporting security at higher levels , researchers from NSA 's Laboratory for Advanced Cybersecurity Research have been investigating an architecture that can provide the necessary security functionality in a manner that can meet the security needs of a wide range of computing environments .
End systems must be able to enforce the separation of information based on confidentiality and integrity requirements to provide system security .
Operating system security mechanisms are the foundation for ensuring such separation .
Unfortunately , existing mainstream operating systems lack the critical security feature required for enforcing separation : mandatory access control .
As a consequence , application security mechanisms are vulnerable to tampering and bypass , and malicious or flawed applications can easily cause failures in system security .
The results of several previous research projects in this area have yielded a strong , flexible mandatory access control architecture called Flask .
A reference implementation of this architecture was first integrated into a security - enhanced Linux® prototype system in order to demonstrate the value of flexible mandatory access controls and how such controls could be added to an operating system .
The architecture has been subsequently mainstreamed into Linux and ported to several other systems , including the Solaris™ operating system , the FreeBSD ® operating system , and the Darwin kernel , spawning a wide range of related work .
The architecture provides a mechanism to enforce the separation of information based on confidentiality and integrity requirements .
This allows threats of tampering and bypassing of application security mechanisms to be addressed and enables the confinement of damage that can be caused by malicious or flawed applications .
This work is not intended as a complete security solution .
It is not an attempt to correct any flaws that may currently exist in an operating system .
Instead , it is simply an example of how mandatory access controls that can confine the actions of any process , including an administrator process , can be added into a system .
The focus of this work has not been on system assurance or other security features such as security auditing , although these elements are also important for a secure system .
The security mechanisms implemented in the system provide flexible support for a wide range of security policies .
They make it possible to configure the system to meet a wide range of security requirements .
The reference implementation included a general - purpose security policy configuration designed to meet a number of security objectives as an example of how this may be done .
The flexibility of the system allows the policy to be modified and extended to customize the security policy as required for any given installation .
There is still much work needed to develop a complete security solution .
Nonetheless , we feel we have presented a good starting point to bring valuable security features to mainstream operating systems .
We are looking forward to building upon this work with other developers and users .
Participation with comments , constructive criticism , and / or improvements is welcome .
Linux® is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the United States and other countries .
FreeBSD ® is a registered trademark of the FreeBSD Foundation .
Solaris™ is a trademark or registered trademark of Sun Microsystems , Inc. in the United States and other countries .
Revisiting SECD and the power of Lisp
While visiting the ICFP Conference 2008 , I was discussing my SECD microprocessor reimplementation project with my co-worker Kilian .
The SECD is a classic virtual machine architecture supporting functional programming languages invented by Peter J. Landin in the early 1960ies .
It is a relatively unusual architecture in that it is commonly described by transformations of the machine state represented as four registers containing cons cells .
In fact , the virtual machine 's memory conceptionally consists of linked cons cells , not of a vector of words that is addressed by integer addresses .
Jia-Huai
You of University of Alberta has a good description of how the SECD virtual machine works .
Quoting SECD : DESIGN ISSUES , here is the specification of the SECD virtual machine .
There is one line for each machine instruction , describing the state of the four machine registers before and after the particular instruction has been executed :
While we were discussing my hardware project , Kilian suggested that we should implement a SECD in Common Lisp in order to bridge some time that we had until the next break .
Given that Lisp supports lists nicely , we chose to use Lisp lists to represent the SECD memory .
We first fooled around with imperative code that mimicked the required state transformations , but soon realised that it would be much easier to directly transform the specification for each machine instruction into executable Lisp .
Following common practice , we started writing down how we wanted to type in the specification for each of the SECD instructions .
As an example , the LD instruction would be defined by this :
( define - instr 1 LD ( s e ( LD ( m . n ) . c ) d ) `(( , ( locate m n e ) . ,s ) ,e , c , d ) )
The literal " 1 " is the op code , the " LD " is the symbolic name of the instruction , the first list is the state before the instruction is executed ( with the four list elements representing the state of the four registers ) , and the rest specifying the code to execute for the instruction .
The executed code again returns a four element list representing the new state of the machine registers .
We then wrote a macro to transform this specification syntax into Lisp code .
Our DEFINE -INSTR macro uses the first list as an argument to DESTRUCTURING - BIND , binding all the names that we then use in the transformed state :
( defmacro define - instr ( code name pre post ) ( let ( ( name * ( intern ( format nil " ~A - INSTR " name ) ) ) ) `( progn ( setf ( gethash , code * instr - hash * ) ' , name * ) ( defun , name * ( ) ( multiple - value - setq ( s e c d ) ( destructuring - bind , pre ( list s e c d ) ( assert ( = , name , code ) ) ( values - list , post ) ) ) ) ) ) )
We were quite happy with our virtual machine , and we were able to run several of the precompiled SECD " binaries " from the ancient LispKit software collection .
Getting the macro right and implementing the 21 instructions took little time , and it was easy to , say , instrument the macro for tracing or augmenting it with checks to make sure that we got the original syntax right .
It would certainly be possible to polish the macro more - for example , having to specify the mnemonic of the operation twice is not so pretty .
We just meant to create something that we could use to explore the behavior of the SECD architecture , so we did not care polishing .
The next day , I attended an introductory Erlang workshop and as I had some prior knowledge of Erlang ( Programming Erlang by Joe Armstrong is a good read ) , I decided to try implementing a SECD VM in Erlang instead of doing the exercises suggested by the lecturer .
Erlang has built - in pattern matching , so I used a transliteration scheme of the VM specification very similar to what I used in Lisp .
Also , Erlang has lists , so representing the SECD memory as Erlang lists should be a one to one match , too .
So , here is the CAR instruction implemented in Erlang :
secd ( S = [ [ CAR | _ ] | _ ] , E , [ ? CAR | C ] , D ) -> secd ([ CAR | S ] , E , C , D ) ;
In Erlang , function dispatch is based on pattern matching , and there is total flexibility to match structures and bind variables to what has matched .
For example , in the implementation of the car operation above , we bind the variable S to the previous stack contents , and at the same time bind the variable CAR to the car of the cons cell that is sitting on top of the stack .
The Erlang version of the VM grew well , and the source code looked as nice as the Lisp version .
Yet , as I tried to implement the the RAP instruction , I faced a major stumbling block .
The RAP instruction is used to support recursive function calls and works by replacing a previously created dummy environment on the stack , called OMEGA , by one which contains all the functions that are visible in the recursive scope .
The specification uses RPLACA to denote that replacement operation , and that is what we used in our Lisp implementation of SECD , too :
( define - instr 7 RAP ( (( c* . e* ) v . s ) ( om . e ) ( rap . c ) d ) ( progn ( assert ( equal om ' omega ) ) `( nil , ( rplaca e* v ) , c* ( , s , e , c . , d ) ) ) )
When trying to implement RAP in Erlang , I got stuck because there are no destructive operations on lists .
Not in the standard API , and seemingly not in the system API either .
So , the Erlang SECD looks nice , only it does not run .
Frankly , our Lisp based SECD has bugs , too , and I am not totally sure whether the problem is not in the RAP instruction .
Curiously , getting the RAP instruction right is harder than one wants to expect :
In the SECD hardware implementation that I worked on , I used the original microcode of the SECD chip developed at the University of Calgary as part of a verification project .
I found two major bugs in this microcode which , ironically , was part of the file set that compromises the proof that the SECD hardware implementation was correct according to its abstract specification .
One bug was the garbage collector which did not work at all , and the other was in the RAP instruction which did not work either .
I have trouble not concluding something regarding academia in general from these findings .
Anyway .... this was another time when I realized how much I like Common Lisp and why it will propably not be replaced by another language anytime soon .
Common Lisp is teh tool of choice for my exploratory programming , as it does not have a terrible lot of restrictions , yet supports some advanced programming abstractions .
There are domains where Common Lisp does not have much to offer , though .
Concurrent programming currently is the one area where the lack of support in Common Lisp hurts me most .
Erlang may be my cure , and I hope to look into Lisp Flavoured Erlang in order to spare myself the arcane syntax that Erlang provides by default .
Ran your code for an Oracle 10g and got the same results .
my $ dbh = DBI -> connect ( ' dbi : Oracle : ' , ' usr/pass@service_name ' , '' ) or + die DBI -> errstr ; .... Connected OK to Oracle .
Clear out existing data from the test table ..
Add ( 44 , Some benign text ) to the test table ..
Add ( 55 , Just regular data ) to the test table ..
Add ( 66 , Evil data ' ) ; DELETE FROM jobs ; ) to the test table ..
Dump out the result . ' 44 ' , ' Some benign text ' ' 55 ' , ' Just regular data ' ' 66 ' , ' Evil data ' ) ; DELETE FROM jobs ; ' 3 rows [ download ]
Excellent !!!
Thanks for doing that .
Anyone else ?
Alex / talexb / Toronto " Groklaw is the open - source mentality applied to legal research " ~ Linus Torvalds
Nice work ( although the outcome is not unexpected ; ) .
There are other potential security risks , though .
For example if you use an ORM mapper ( like DBIx : : Class or Rose : : DB ) and construct a complicated query , you have to know exactly which arguments are parsed as SQL and which are n't .
But if you really stick to plain DBI with placeholders you do n't have to worry very much about SQL injection .
You still have to consider possible DoS attacks , but that 's usually not as bad as SQL injection .
There are other potential security risks , though .
For example if you use an ORM mapper ( like DBIx : : Class or Rose : : DB ) and construct a complicated query , you have to know exactly which arguments are parsed as SQL and which are n't .
I am not sure I understand this comment .
As far as I know DBIx : : Class uses placeholders internally so you do n't have to worry about things like this .
As for the " you have to know exactly which arguments are parsed as SQL " part of the comment , it treats * all * of its arguments as perl values and not SQL values unless you use the options to pass in a raw SQL string , in which case its your responsibility to make sure it doesnt open you up to risks .
I can't speak for Rose : : DB because I do n't use it , but I would be shocked if the author did n't take all this stuff into account too .
But if you really stick to plain DBI with placeholders you do n't have to worry very much about SQL injection .
Yes , you also have to manage your own SQL ->
Object conversion , and write a LOT more code , and more code == more bugs .
Modules like DBIx :: Class and Rose :: DB have been pretty thoroughly tested by lots of users in serious production applications ( I can count 4 we have here at $ work ) , if they did n't handle simple security stuff like this correctly then they would have been dismissed as crap long ago .
- stvn
As for the " you have to know exactly which arguments are parsed as SQL " part of the comment , it treats * all * of its arguments as perl values and not SQL values unless you use the options to pass in a raw SQL string , in which case its your responsibility to make sure it doesnt open you up to risks .
I can't speak for Rose : : DB because I do n't use it , but I would be shocked if the author did n't take all this stuff into account too .
Your instincts were right :)
Rose :: DB :: Object ( note : not Rose : : DB , which is a db abstraction layer used by the ORM , Rose : : DB : : Object ) uses bind values everywhere , except in cases where the DBD ::* driver requires that values be " inlined . "
There is no ambiguity in these cases as the values that are allowed to be are specific for each column type / database combination .
For example , Informix supports a syntax like this : SELECT * FROM t1 WHERE somedate > CURRENT ; where " somedate " is a DATE column type .
Unfortunately , DBD :: Informix chokes on this : $ sth = $ dbh -> prepare ( ' SELECT * FROM t1 WHERE somedate = ?') ; $ sth ->execute ( ' CURRENT ' ) ; # Boom : error ! [ download ] because it considers the above the equivalent of comparing somedate to the string " CURRENT " , as if it were : SELECT * FROM t1 WHERE somedate > ' CURRENT ';
Then the database itself throws an error since it refuses to compare a DATE column to a string .
( Other databases are more lenient about this kind of thing . )
Anyway , the upshot is that , if you want to use CURRENT ( or any other " special " server - evaluated value ) , you must inline it directly into the query passed to DBI .
In Rose : : DB : : Object , such values are called " keywords " and are automatically inlined .
So if you add this clause to a Rose :: DB : : Object :: Manager query : somedate => { gt => ' CURRENT ' } , it 'll be smart enough to realize that a ) " somedate " is a DATE column and b ) " CURRENT " is a valid keyword for DATE columns in Informix , so it 'll inline the value instead of using a bind parameter .
Again , these lists of keywords are specific to each column - type / database combination , so the word " CURRENT " would not be inlined if you were connected to a MySQL database , for example .
Also note the lack of ambiguity : it 's clear that there 's only one reasonable meaning of CURRENT when used as a comparison value for a DATE column .
IOW , there 's never a reason for it not to be inlined in this case , so the auto - inlining is never a hindrance .
Finally , you can always explicitly force any value to be taken as a literal and inlined by passing it as a scalar reference : somecol => { gt => \ q( iknowwhatimdoing ) } , That 'll produce SQL like this , with no " ? " placeholders , quoting , or bind values : somecol > iknowwhatimdoing
Obviously , you 'd only do this in very specific cases when you 're sure what you 're doing is safe :)
If you treat your database as a dumb object store I bet my supadances against your socks that you are using the database very very inefficiently , bogging it down with unoptimized ( and unoptimizable ) ad - hoc queries , fetching many times more data that you actually need etc .
All I want from my database access layer is to let me call the stored procedures ( few of them one statement only ) without much fuss , thank you very much .
Jenda
Support Denmark !
Defend the free world !
Nice work ( although the outcome is not unexpected ; ) .
Thanks --
I was hoping to see the result that I did actually see , but I was very worried .
I 've always assumed that placeholders are safe .
With the uncertainty , I did what any engineer or scientist would do -- I conducted an experiment to find out what was really happing .
The modules like DBIxC and Rose sound nice , and I will try DBIxC again -- ten years ago I was putting raw HTML into my Perl CGIs , and that 's a no - no for me now .
Perhaps in another ten years there wo n't be any SQL in my modules because I 'm using DBIxC .
Or maybe I 'll reach that state of Nirvana sooner .
I 'll see .
But if you really stick to plain DBI with placeholders you do n't have to worry very much about SQL injection .
Yeah . :)
Alex / talexb / Toronto " Groklaw is the open - source mentality applied to legal research " ~ Linus Torvalds
but I was very worried About a single quote character causing a problem ?
Wow , you must think that the DBD modules are almost completely untested ?
Though I do n't see how you jump from preventing one trivial SQL injection attack to the grand conclusion that all injection attacks will surely be prevented .
But placeholders are n't exactly rocket surgery so I 'd be rather surprised if somebody could find character strings that are not properly handled by a DBD ( ignoring character encoding problems which are still quite a nuisance ) , much less allowing SQL to be injected .
But I 've certainly found plenty of problems with DBD placeholders .
None of them were the type that would allow for SQL injection .
Most of them were in various versions of DBD :: ODBC and include such things as not being able to handle dates without jumping through extra hoops of complexity ( or just not being able to use dates via placeholders at all ) and more vague problems of queries just not matching properly until I replaced the placeholders with simple string templates using DBD 's -> quote ( ) .
There were also some problems with DBD :: mysql and quotes around numerical values in some situations .
Update :
Also consider that your audience 's FUD may be related to PHP which , from what I 've heard , does some rather unreliable " magic " trying to automatically deal with single quotes in data to / from databases without making a clear distinction between the quoted strings and the ( unquoted ) string values and that this " magic " does n't work very well .
- tye
Since I happened to be working on Windows for a client , I thought I 'd check there .
Verified for MS Access and SQLServer ( both 2000 , I believe ) Driver versions : DBD ::ODBC : 1.07 DBD :: ADO : 2.84 Connected OK to ODBC : sqlservertest .
Clear out existing data from the test table ..
Add ( 44 , Some benign text ) to the test table ..
Add ( 55 , Just regular data ) to the test table ..
Add ( 66 , Evil data ' ) ; DELETE FROM jobs ; ) to the test table ..
Dump out the result . ' 44 ' , ' Some benign text ' ' 55 ' , ' Just regular data ' ' 66 ' , ' Evil data ' ) ; DELETE FROM jobs ; ' 3 rows Connected OK to ADO : Provider=Microsoft.Jet.OLEDB.4.0 ;Data Source=d:/te + mp/msaccess2000test.mdb .
Clear out existing data from the test table ..
Add ( 44 , Some benign text ) to the test table ..
Add ( 55 , Just regular data ) to the test table ..
Add ( 66 , Evil data ' ) ; DELETE FROM jobs ; ) to the test table ..
Dump out the result .
44 , ' Some benign text ' 55 , ' Just regular data ' 66 , ' Evil data ' ) ; DELETE FROM jobs ; ' 3 rows [ download ]
Ran your code on IBM UDB version 9.5.0 on Linux 2.6.9 i386 .
$ perl -w 661423.pl Connected OK to DBD :: DB2::VIPER .
Clear out existing data from the test table ..
Add ( 44 , Some benign text ) to the test table ..
Add ( 55 , Just regular data ) to the test table ..
Add ( 66 , Evil data ' ) ; DELETE FROM jobs ; ) to the test table ..
Dump out the result . ' 44 ' , ' Some benign text ' ' 55 ' , ' Just regular data ' ' 66 ' , ' Evil data ' ) ; DELETE FROM jobs ; ' 3 rows [ download ]
However , I would in most cases favor stored procedures as main way of interacting with a database .
Benefits includes both security ( which includes preventing SQL injection attacks - simply because you do n't get to create dynamic SQL ) and performance .
--
Andreas
if you want to be fairly sure that your code is SQL injection safe against typical attacks , then you should use typical attacks to test with .
Most hackers use an up - to - date bundle of tricks , typically already in a script , to try to cause harm ... and do n't bother hand hacking .
As such , the trivial test cases presented do not represent a typical SQL injection hackers bundle , by any stretch of imagination .
also , to help prevent SQL injection ... normally you also untaint the data by an inclusion regex .
e.g. bad_input ( ) if ( $ cityname !~ /^[ a - zA - Z . , ]+$ / ) ; [ download ] .. and never untaint by disallowing banned characters instead .
you never know if your banned character list is complete .
the hardest line to type correctly is : stty erase ^H
You said that Most hackers use an up - to - date bundle of tricks , typically already in a script , to try to cause harm ... and do n't bother hand hacking .
I did n't have much success looking that up in Google .
Do you have any suggestion on resources / modules providing test cases of SQL injection or any other type of security threat ?
Such a module would be great for testing code safety or queries safety .
BTW , when / if possible , it always seems safer to me to check inputs in a " white list " fashion .
If you check that inputs contain only letters , numbers and underscores and do n't exceed a certain length , that would probably increase security by a great deal .
The Open Web Application Security Project ( OWASP ) project has a tool called OWASP SQLiX that fits the description .
It also happens to be written in Perl ( by Cedric Cochin ) .
Download here .
cedri.cc states : " All content released under a Creative Commons License unless otherwise noted . "
You should also read OWASP 's Testing for SQL Injection article that includes a number of references to papers and tools touching the subject .
--
Andreas
Just to be complete - works fine with DBD :: Sybase 1.08 , Sybase ASE 15.0.2 and Sybase OpenClient 15 .
Michael
Here are my thoughts ...
You should not rely upon what a particular DBI - implementation actually does with “ a parameterized query . ”
Nevertheless ... you should know your own business .
You should know what parameters you are expecting , and for each one you should know ( a ) that the value is “ a scalar ” and ( b ) what regular - expression pattern it should match .
Both of these considerations will be “ specific to your application , ” and therefore you should bear the first level of responsibility for ensuring conformance to them .
Tests passed with this : @databases = qw ( CSV : DBM : ) ; [ download ]
In theory that means that should pass with any of the SQL :: Statement DBDs .
As a general rule , you need to use regular - expressions to verify that all of your parameters conform to the expected format , and you need to be sure that they are , in fact , scalars .
( Multiple occurrences of the same token in a GET - string can create an array - type value in some cases . )
Note that your patterns should describe exactly what you will accept .
Do n't try to write patterns to filter - out or to recognize what you wish to reject .
“ Think positive . ”
The pattern should consider not only character - types but also plausible length - ranges .
If the patterns occur consistently throughout the application , put all of them into their own library unit that you can “ use . ”
You also need to be sure that the values come from the correct source ... GET or POST .
Finally , consider using verification strings on , say , your hotlinks .
This is a GET - parameter that you 've added to the URL , consisting of ( say ... ) an SHA1 hash of the URL - value , perhaps the session - id , and an unknown - to - the - attacker random string .
If your program gets a URL - reference that does not contain a valid verification string , the request is rejected .
( Naturally , there 's plenty of CPAN material available to do this . )
This approach will work regardless of what kind of back - end database ( or other data store ) that you intend to use .
If these tests are put in a central location at the dispatching heart of the application , they will apply consistently throughout the code and thus protect all of it .
The House oversight committee today held its third hearing on the financial crisis .
Earlier this month , Lehman Brothers and AIG had their turn .
Up today were the credit rating agencies : in particular the two major players , Moody ’s and S&P .
As we wrote late last month , those agencies played a key role in the subprime mania on Wall Street by giving the gold seal to subprime securities .
A two - part investigative series by Bloomberg showed that the reason for the failure was clear : the agencies were more interested in keeping potential clients happy than in rigorously analyzing the risk of the mortgage - based securities .
The rating agencies relied on fees from the banks that issued the securities , creating an incentive for the agencies to fudge the ratings .
The Bloomberg report and an earlier report from the SEC ’s inspector general were full of candid admissions from insiders at the firms .
Today Rep. Henry Waxman ’s committee produced a number of documents providing even more detail .
Perhaps the bluntest admission came from two S&P employees chatting over IM ( pdf ) in April of last year :
S&P Employee # 1 : btw - that deal is ridiculous S&P Employee # 2 : I know right .. model def does not capture half of the risk S&P Employee # 1 : we should not be rating it S&P Employee # 2 : we rate every deal S&P Employee # 2 : it could be structured by cows and we would rate it S&P Employee # 1 : but there ’s a lot of risk associated with it – I personally do n’t feel comfy signing off as a committee member .
S&P rated the deal anyway .
The McCain camp is saying that veep debate moderator Gwen Ifill will have to answer for herself if she asks too many foreign policy questions Thursday night :
MAKERS MONSTERS MISFITS
Steam Crow makes monsters goods make you happy !
For the last decade , Daniel & Dawna Davis have been travelling around the country sharing our quirky and friendly monsters with anyone who 'd listen .
We love vintage design , Halloween , monsters and hanging out with our people - The MONSTER RANGERS !
California 's 220 MPH High - Speed Train Will Be Emissions - Free
September 15th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
As if the announcement of a high - speed rail line that will go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in 2 hours and 40 minutes is n’t exciting enough , Navigant Consulting now claims that the bullet train can run with zero greenhouse gas emissions .
According to the energy consulting firm , the train ’s expected usage of 3,350 GWh each year can easily be generated using renewable energy resources in California .
The rail line ’s energy consumption will be about one percent of the state ’s total energy usage — not bad considering its speed , convenience , and potential for widespread use .
The 800 - mile bullet train system is being built by the California High - Speed Rail Authority .
By 2030 , the 220 MPH high - speed trains will carry up to 100 million passengers per year .
The ultimate fate of the project will be decided this November , when the state ’s $ 9.95 billion bond measure for the train is voted upon .
It ’s hard to comprehend the reduction in carbon emissions that will occur once the train is running — just think about the effect of even one quarter of the people who would normally drive or fly across the state opting for high - speed rail .
And why would n’t they want to take a train that drastically cuts travel time and eliminates the hassles of sitting in traffic and trekking through airport security ?
I know I ’ll be first in line .
Posts Related to Transportation :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Oops !
Something went wrong ...
We 're sorry for the inconvenience .
Please return to the home page and try again .
If this error persists , please contact us : support@survs.com
Is the American middle class an endangered species ?
The majority of Americans have long shared one state of mind : that they are in some central way members of the middle class and hold a passport to the good life .
It 's true that there 's been a contraction of the number of middle - tier households earning between $ 45,000 and $ 90,000 .
And it 's true they are having a tough time .
Six in 10 testify to incomes falling behind the cost of living ; six in 10 find it hard to pay for gasoline ; and five in 10 say they can't afford healthcare .
More than a quarter say they have trouble even affording food .
To maintain their lifestyle — including those fancy cable TV packages , broadband Internet connections , and travel — they 've sent more family members to work , taken on more debt , and borrowed through home equity loans , though the housing slump has undermined that asset .
At the other end of the income spectrum , the well heeled keep doing better .
The number of millionaires has shot up , and the wealthiest 1 percent of U.S. families have pushed their share of total national income to levels — 21 percent — unseen since the Gilded Age .
Yet growing inequality has had little traction thus far as a political issue .
Why is this ?
Partly because some have moved up , as economist Stephen Rose points out .
There are 12 percent more households earning in excess of $ 100,000 than 20 or so years ago .
And those making less than $ 30,000 have not increased .
So virtually the entire " decline " of the middle - class group has come from people moving up the income ladder , not down .
Higher standards .
Those in the middle , and below , are also living better .
As William Robert Fogel , the Nobel Prize - winning economic historian , put it , " In every measure that we have bearing on the standard of living ... the gains of the lower classes have been far greater than those experienced by the population as a whole . "
Among the inequalities that have narrowed :
The quality of goods at the more moderate price levels has improved faster than at higher price tags ; rich and poor are less apart in life expectancy , height , and leisure .
It 's the attitude of Americans that explains the low combustibility ( at the moment ! ) of income inequality .
Most Americans tend to believe that people bear primary responsibility for supporting themselves and that market forces are immune to public policy .
There 's a reflection here of the optimism and confidence characteristic of American life .
In one study by Roland Benabou , more than half of Americans think they will be above the median income in the future ( even though that is mathematically impossible ) .
Americans , quite simply , believe that plenty of opportunities exist to get ahead , and , indeed , 82 percent of those born into poverty are much better off than their parents and more than a third of them have made it into the middle class or higher .
Education is another great American success story .
There has been a dramatic increase in the percentage of adults completing high school and college .
Nearly 90 percent of all adults get high school diplomas today compared with 33 percent in 1947 ; college graduates have soared from 5.4 percent in 1947 to almost 30 percent today .
More than two thirds of Americans concur with the statement that people are rewarded for intelligence and skill — the largest percentage across 27 countries taking part in an international survey of social attitudes .
This reflects the widespread belief in the ability to get ahead and helps explain why Americans are more accepting of economic inequality than peoples in other countries and why Americans are less likely to believe their government should take responsibility for reducing income disparity .
For all that , reaction is gathering force in at least two areas .
One is an increasing distrust of free trade .
There is a widespread conviction that globalization — seen by economists as a boon — holds down earnings for millions of Americans who compete with workers overseas .
Free trade has become a political albatross .
Secondly , the level of wealth in the stratosphere of incomes has gotten so extreme that it is provoking a considerable majority to support the notion that wealth should be more evenly distributed through higher taxes .
Ranting and Venting by Author / Editor Will Belegon
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- S&P 500 futures reached limit down in electronic trade on Friday , meaning that they can't fall beyond 60 points until the pits open at 9:30 a.m. Eastern .
The contract , however , still can be traded .
The limit on Nasdaq 100 futures is 85 points and the limit on Dow Jones Industrial Average futures is 550 points ; both contracts were trading just above those thresholds .
( Corrects time when pits open . )
MarketWatch
Stocks were mixed in Asia on Wednesday while upbeat manufacturing data lifted shares in China as investors studied the outcome of the debate between President Donald Trump and his Democratic challenger , Joe Biden .
allows you to write Cocoa programs in Javascript ( via JavascriptCore , WebKit 's Javascript engine )
works on x86 and PPC and requires Leopard ( an uptodate Leopard , 10.5.2 from back then crashes )
is open source !
Syntax
Only dots !
Everyone loves dots !
NSWorkspace.sharedWorkspace.activeApplication.NSApplicationName
An instance command to replace alloc.init ( … )
NSButton.instance ( { withFrame : NSMakeRect(0 , 0 , 100 , 40 ) } )
command to replace More dots !
Did you know that a message like setTitle : is really a dot trapped in a closet , begging to come out ?
//
Changes window title window.
title = ' Hello !'
is really a dot trapped in a closet , begging to come out ?
A split call syntax , to almost have ObjC - like calls — if you use jQuery you 'll feel right at home this .
perform ( { selector :' printSomeDots :' , withObject :null , afterDelay:0 } )
Some JS - like manipulation of arrays and dicts : myNSMutableDictionary.mykey = ' value ' myNSMutableArray [ 5 ] = ' hello world !'
But Javascript arrays and hashes are not ( yet ) converted to NSArray and NSDictionary .
Meaning object.wantsADictionary({fontSize:14} ) will fail .
...
And of course the Javascript benefit of ending your lines without semicolon barbwire .
Samples
There 's only one :) — A Core Animation process viewer .
Get it
Download it from its homepage JSCocoa home
Or from its source home Google source page for JSCocoa
We are always looking to come up with the post that is attractive and useful for everyone .
We most of the time focuses on the designer ’s stuff , developer ’s resources and where anything is going to launch free of cost .
There are countless designer ’s and developer ’s free resources available which everyone should review at least once .
In this post , I have collected 21 Most Useful Free Resources For Designers And Web Developers .
You are welcome to share if you know more great resources for designer ’s and developer ’s that can be helpful for our readers / viewers .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed .
40 Essential Tools and Resources to Visualize Data
A lot of people are excited to play with their data , but do n’t know how to go about doing it or even start .
Here are the tools that I found helpful for data visualization , starting with organizing the data , to graphs and charts , and lastly , animation and interaction .
13 Awesome Javascript Animated Flash Like Menus
This is the list 13 awesome Javascript CSS menus that will be very handy and easy to modify to suit your needs .
Ã‚Â 75 ( Really ) Useful JavaScript Techniques
Sometimes we need JavaScript solutions that are a little more involved or specific .
Here are 75 more handy JavaScript techniques that have made websites much sleeker and more interesting .
16 Free Ajax Contact Forms – For A Better User Experience
Depending on the features ( or JS frameworks to be used ) you may need , you can choose from these 16 very nice free Ajaxed contact forms & implement them easily to any website .
20 Excellent AJAX Effects You Should Know
These are the top 20 Ajax effects that every web developer should know .
They ’re essential parts of any web developer ’s toolbox .
If you have n’t seen them yet , you no doubt will in your future web development endeavors .
7 Free CSS Editors , Which Is the Best ?
You Choose
I have always used Dreamweaver , and love it .
But , I have been thinking , what are the FREE CSS editors like ?
This is the list of 7 Free CSS Editors to help with your choice .
WordPress Featured Post Slideshow
This is the detailed tutorial in which you can read that how you can create wordpress featured post slideshow Jquery for your blog .
8 CSS Techniques for Charting Data
There are many ways you can present numerical , chartable data by styling elements using CSS .
Using CSS to style your data prevents you from relying on static images and increases your content ’s accessibility .
What Are The Benefits of Using a CSS Framework ?
What are the benefits of using a CSS framework ?
And would you suggest that over starting from scratch ?
30 + Tooltips Scripts With JavaScript , Ajax & CSS
This is the collection of 30 +
Tooltip Scripts vary from CSS , Ajax based , mootools and jQuery with cool Animation .
which you can easily incorporate into your future designs .
50 Excellent AJAX Tutorials
This post serves as a collection of useful tutorials on working with AJAX in a wide variety of ways .
You ’ll find tutorials on working with forms , building shopping carts , creating chat features , working with log-ins and usernames and much more .
Tutorial : Creating Custom Write Panels in WordPress
It seems the latest fad to hit the WordPress scene is adding thumbnails into a blog post .
This is fairly easy to do with some knowledge of custom fields , but can be a little complicated if your client is new to WordPress , or blogging .
Using Javascript to Fix 12 Common Browser Headaches
Modern browsers have very good support for CSS , certainly good enough for you to use CSS to control layout and presentation .
Sometimes however , certain page elements will appear differently in different browsers .
Do n’t worry too much if you do n’t know the reason why , play around with the CSS rules and check out this post Using CSS to Fix Anything .
How to Create an Object - Oriented Blog Using PHP
While there are countless excellent free blog platforms , the purpose of this tutorial is not to make a “ better ” blog but to use the process of making a blog to learn about advanced database structure techniques and how to use data more efficiently by utilizing objects in PHP .
37 Ways to Design the Comments Form
There really is no right or wrong way to design a comments form as long as you pay attention to basic usability guidelines .
These are the 37 ways other blog designers have designed their comments form
30 + ( More ) Most Wanted WordPress Tips , Tricks and Hacks
There are lots of impressive WordPress tricks , hacks and plugins out there that we thought are really great that is why we compiled a list for you .
20 jQuery Plugins for Unforgettable User Experience
In this article you will find a list of over 20 Useful and New jQuery plugins you should always have ready to create more interactive , more responsive and more flexible web - solutions .
7 Version Control Systems Reviewed
This article reviews some of the top open - source version control systems and tools that make setting up a version control system easy .
10 Helpful Resources for Cross Browser Testing
Finding and fixing problems can be difficult if you Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢re not equipped with the right tools .
In this post you will see a brief look at 10 of the leading resources for making your browser testing less time consuming and more productive .
30 + Animated Tab - Based Interface and Accordion Scripts
This is the useful collection of 30 +
Tab - Based and Accordion scripts vary from CSS only tabs , Ajax based , mootools and jQuery with cool Animation which you can easily incorporate into your future designs .
Corporate welfare at its finest .
White House :
This is a pivotal moment for America 's economy .
Problems that originated in the credit markets -- and first showed up in the area of subprime mortgages -- have spread throughout our financial system .
This has led to an erosion of confidence that has frozen many financial transactions , including loans to consumers and to businesses seeking to expand and create jobs .
As a result , we must act now to protect our nation 's economic health from serious risk .
There will be ample opportunity to debate the origins of this problem .
Now is the time to solve it .
In our nation 's history , there have been moments that require us to come together across party lines to address major challenges .
This is such a moment .
America 's economy is facing unprecedented challenges , and we are responding with unprecedented action .
It seems that tech 's billionaires are sharing the privations of ordinary citizens , whose savings are vanishing and pensions becoming worthless as stock markets tumble .
Bill Gates ' 15 - year reign as America 's richest person is reportedly over , as the value of his investments has shrunk , surrendering his crown to investor Warren Buffett .
Gates , who amassed his fortune on Windows with Microsoft , has seen his net worth fall by $ 2.5 bn to $ 55bn in four weeks while Buffett , who made his cash pile by investing in a broad portfolio with his Berkshire Hathaway baby , soared $ 8bn to $ 58bn , according to a revised Forbes rich list .
America 's third richest person , and tech 's best remunerated chief executive , has also taken a thumping but still holds on to his number - three slot .
Larry Ellison is now worth $ 25.4bn , down from $ 27bn in the middle of September .
Forbes produces a list of the richest 400 Americans each year and 2008 was no exception .
When the annual list was revealed on September 17 , there was little change in the established hierarchy of the fabulously wealthy .
The publication , though , decided to revisit the list in the wake of what could be the biggest crisis to hit investors of all sizes since the Wall Street crash of 1929 .
The annual list was calculated using publicly traded stock prices of August 29 , while the updated list used stock prices from October 1 .
Given that markets have fallen further since October 1 , Gates , Ellison , and possibly even the shrewd Buffett are probably worth even less today . ®
We all know it and science has proved it - wires , string , and hair will inevitably tie themselves in knots .
This astonishing non-revelation is one of 10 pieces of real research honoured this year with Ig Nobel Prizes .
The spoof alternatives to the rather more sober Nobel prizes were presented in a ceremony at Harvard University .
Other winners included studies that showed coca cola was an effective spermicide ; and that fleas on dogs jump higher than fleas on cats .
The Cognitive Science Prize team sing their acceptance speech
The much - coveted spoof prizes are said to reward scientific achievements which " cannot , or should not , be reproduced " ; achievements that " first make people laugh , and then make them think " .
They are run by the science humour magazine Annals of Improbable Research .
Seven of the 10 winners this year paid their own way to receive their prizes at the famous US university .
All joined in the fun .
Three Japanese scientists sang their acceptance speech for the award which honoured their research showing that slime moulds ( amoeba - like organisms ) can find their way through mazes .
Like the other winners , their study was genuine research published in a scientific journal - in their case , the prestigious journal Nature .
Charles Spence , from Oxford University , UK , walked away with the Nutrition Prize for showing how the way foods taste is affected by how they sound .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" When you play the sound of crisps when people bite into Pringles - if we change the sound as they eat , we can actually change how fresh , or how crisp , the Pringle tastes to people , " he told BBC News .
" We 've used [ a bacon sizzling ] sound to flip the flavour of bacon and egg ice cream .
If we play that sound over the loudspeakers in the room , the ice cream will taste more ' bacony ' than if you play the sound of , say , farmyard chickens . "
The ceremony began with past Ig winner Dan Meyer - the co-author of a British Medical Journal study on Sword - swallowing and Its Side Effects - swallowing a sword .
Marc Abrahams , master of ceremonies and editor of the Annals of Improbable Research , closed the event with the traditional words : " If you did n't win an Ig Nobel Prize tonight - and especially if you did - better luck next year . "
The full list of winners : Previous
Ig winner Dan Meyer returned to demonstrate his scientific interests Nutrition : Massimiliano Zampini and Charles Spence for their study showing that food actually tastes better if it sounds crunchier .
Peace : The Swiss Federal Ethics Committee on Non-Human Biotechnology and the citizens of Switzerland for adopting the legal principle that plants have dignity .
Archaeology : Astolfo Gomes de Mello Araujo and Jose Carlos Marcelino for demonstrating that armadillos can turn the contents of an archaeological dig upside down .
Biology : Marie - Christine Cadiergues , Christel Joubert and Michel Franc for showing that fleas on dogs can jump higher than fleas on a cats .
Medicine : Dan Ariely for demonstrating that expensive fake medicine is more effective than cheap fake medicine .
Cognitive Science : Toshiyuki Nakagaki , Hiroyasu Yamada , Ryo Kobayashi , Atsushi Tero , Akio Ishiguro and Agota Toth for demonstrating that slime moulds can solve puzzles .
Economics : Geoffrey Miller , Joshua Tyber and Brent Jordan for discovering that the fertility cycle of a lap dancer affects her tip- earning potential .
Physics : Dorian Raymer and Douglas Smith for proving that heaps of string or hair or almost anything else will inevitably tangle themselves up in knots .
Chemistry : Sheree Umpierre , Joseph Hill and Deborah Anderson for discovering that Coca - Cola is an effective spermicide ( it was shared with C.Y . Hong , C.C. Shieh , P. Wu and B.N. Chiang who showed the opposite ) .
Literature : David Sims for his passionately written study " You Bastard : A Narrative Exploration of the Experience of Indignation within Organizations . "
It is important not to take yourself too seriously at the awards
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese AIDS victims are dying needlessly because a “ tragic stigma ” prevents them seeking help in a country where one fifth of people think the disease can be passed on by sharing a toilet , a top activist said on Thursday .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The government has promised to hand out free , Chinese - made drugs to anyone infected with the disease and the country ’s leaders have met those living with HIV / AIDS but there is still widespread ignorance about how it is spread .
Two thirds of the 6,000 people questioned for a recent survey of six cities said they would be unwilling to live with an infected person , and a fifth said they would be unwilling to care even for a relative with the illness .
Nearly 10 percent even thought working in a room with an infected person would be enough to pass on HIV , according to the report commissioned by UNAIDS and partners .
“ Everywhere I have gone ... they have reported to me the high levels of stigma , ostracism and discrimination that people with HIV / AIDS experience in China , ” said Edwin Cameron , a South African Supreme Court judge who is HIV positive .
“ This is a tragedy because the Chinese government has a very good treatment program , ” he added during a visit to China to help raise awareness .
Cameron said that while 35,000 to 40,000 people with AIDS were on treatment , more than double that number needed drugs and were scared to be tested , or even to pick up the results of blood tests because of the result of being labeled HIV positive .
“ People are sick and dying of AIDS and all of it is unnecessary , ” he said .
Last year China officially had 700,000 people living with HIV / AIDS and expected 50,000 new infections this year ,
It is officially illegal to discriminate against those with the disease but ignorance means signs banning victims from places like gyms and bathhouses are common and blood tests sometimes required for jobs or hospital operations .
The government has also sent out mixed messages , with sporadic crackdowns on domestic activists and visa bans on most foreigners infected with the disease .
But Wang Longde , head of the Chinese Preventative Medicine Association , said he hoped the visa rule will go by the end of the decade and overall things had improved from a few years ago when police would wait outside his office to arrest patients on the grounds that they must be infected if they were visiting him .
What Sarah Knows
Sarah Palin has gotten some rough treatment from the media since John McCain announced his vice presidential pick .
In her speech last week , she gave a little jab back at " all those reporters and commentators . "
That wo n't likely win her many new admirers in the Washington press corps .
But Rasmussen has a new poll out that suggests that piling on Mrs. Palin may do more to harm the media 's own image than hers .
According to Rasmussen , fully 68 % of voters believe that " most reporters try to help the candidate they want to win . "
And -- no surprise -- 49 % of those surveyed believe reporters are backing Barack Obama , while just 14 % think the media is in the tank for Sen. McCain .
Meanwhile , 51 % of those surveyed thought the press was " trying to hurt " Mrs. Palin with its coverage .
Perhaps most troubling for the press corps , though , was this finding : " 55 % said media bias is a bigger problem for the electoral process than large campaign donations . "
Wow .
Politicians like to rail about the nefarious influence of money on politics ( and John McCain is a champion in this regard ) , a stance that always elicits applause from reporters .
Ask the public , though , and a bigger problem is the media 's own influence .
Mrs. Palin , it seems , was on firm political footing when she thumbed her nose at " all those reporters and commentators . "
Bill Maher has new rules for political " soulmates " , gay French ambassadors , Amy Winehouse and any American who is considering voting for a candidate who seeks healing from witch doctors .
And finally , new rule :
You ca n’t be President if you practice a violent , Middle Eastern religion and worship a genocidal desert god .
Which is why Sarah Palin ca n’t be President .
Now all the churches that Sarah Palin has attended , and she ’s been to almost as many churches as she has colleges , have one thing in common : a belief that the Bible is literally true .
She ’s not “ Country First ” , she ’s “ Bible First ” .
And not just the New Testament .
That ’s the happy half of the book : the baby in the manger , Jesus doing magic tricks , long romantic walks on the water that turn into fishing trips with the guys and a generally positive message .
Jesus , after all , preached love and forgiveness , not shooting wolves from an airplane .
The problem is Gov. Avon Lady , she takes the Old Testament literally too , and in that one , God is an insecure , rage - filled hybrid of Bobby Knight and Suge Knight .
He ’s been alive forever and He has anger issues .
He ’s like John McCain if John McCain could fart hail .
He ’s pro-slavery , pro-polygamy and homophobic and he ’ll kill you for masturbating .
More people get stoned in the Old Testament than in my Jacuzzi .
That ’s what I have to tell you guys …
If there was a video of Barack Obama standing in front of his congregation being healed by a black witch doctor , this election would be over .
But there is that video of Sarah Palin .
It 's fitting that Apple 's logo was once a rainbow colored apple .
The computer giant has declared it supports for the No on 8 campaign today .
They are giving a generous gift of $ 100,000 .
" Apple is publicly opposing Proposition 8 and making a donation of $ 100,000 to the No on 8 campaign .
Apple was among the first California companies to offer equal rights and benefits to our employees ’ same - sex partners , and we strongly believe that a person ’s fundamental rights — including the right to marry — should not be affected by their sexual orientation .
Apple views this as a civil rights issue , rather than just a political issue , and is therefore speaking out publicly against Proposition 8 . " ( Apple )
Be sure to support LGBTQ friendly companies and to thank them for supporting our community 's efforts to defeat proposition 8 . Thank Apple through their Customer Service Support feature .
Apple1 Infinite LoopCupertino , CA 95014408.996.1010
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Not often do you regard a company whose stock is about 50 % off its 52 - week high as a success story .
But a success is exactly what Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS , - 1.14 % is shaping up to be at this stage of the credit crisis .
If we were to begin the long journey back to stability today , Goldman would undoubtedly emerge even more powerful than before .
Did anyone expect another outcome ?
A solo act
Commercial banks such as Citigroup Inc. C , - 2.12 % , Bank of America Corp. BAC , - 1.32 % and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , - 0.84 % are obvious winners in the credit debacle .
They 've been able to buy battered banks at fire - sale prices .
America is about to become a country with three national banks that have big broker / dealers as subsidiaries .
These new superbanks will be formidable , but there is a question of how much risk - taking they 'll be willing to stomach .
Logistics are an issue too .
They 're integrating firms that may have been priced like single - branch banks but , from an infrastructure standpoint , are giants of American finance .
Morgan Stanley MS , - 2.35 % , whose stock is 65 % off its high , has shored itself up by selling a 20 % stake to Tokyo's Mitsubishi UFJ , but will still need to add deposits , just like Goldman .
Only Goldman , by virtue of its investment from Warren Buffett and its ability to buy retail bank deposits , will be the last bulge - bracket investment bank unencumbered by commercial - bank ownership .
Origins
You do n't have to be a conspiracy theorist to recognize that a series of decisions and events have transpired to put Goldman at the top of the heap .
Well before the credit crisis , people worried about Goldman 's influence in the markets .
Several former executives of the investment bank have senior roles in government and at the New York Stock Exchange , and its analysts are among the most powerful in the space .
Let 's limit the discussion to the start of the credit crisis in the summer of 2007 .
Just before the market turned , Goldman traders got a hunch and began shorting and hedging the mortgage securities that were eating away at rivals ' revenue .
Trading revenue soared 70 % that quarter to $ 8.23 billion .
It was Goldman 's last quarter in a series in which each new profit report exceeded expectations and prior results .
Goldman 's share price was in shouting distance of $ 300 .
It was also when grumblings about the investment bank 's transparency became louder .
That 's important because Goldman continues to give few details about its " proprietary trading " business .
What is it exactly ?
No one knows for sure .
Industry collapse
What followed was notable for what did n't happen : write - downs .
Goldman has admitted to less than $ 5 billion in write - downs , including the $ 1.1 billion when it reported earnings Sept. 16 .
That 's on a balance sheet of $ 1 trillion .
In between those earnings announcements , Goldman lost its biggest competitor in prime brokerage , Bear Stearns Cos. , on March 17 .
In September , it also lost the biggest competitor in debt underwriting , Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. LEHMQ , and a big rival in investment banking , Merrill Lynch & Co. MER , +27.69 % , in an emergency sale to a commercial bank .
Judging by the government 's reaction , Morgan Stanley and Goldman should have been next -- either through a crisis sale like Merrill or a liquidation like Lehman .
Investors sent their stocks reeling .
Morgan Stanley quickly began talks with Wachovia Corp. , while Goldman kept quiet .
During all of this , Goldman Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein was in the middle of talks about the future of another crippled company , American International Group Inc. AIG , - 1.23 % , at the New York Federal Reserve .
As Gretchen Morgenson reported in the New York Times last week , those talks resulted in an $ 85 billion bailout of AIG via a government loan , and , oh yeah , the deal may have saved Goldman $ 20 billion in losses due to its trading position with the insurer . "
Goldman poured cold water on that claim saying in a statement it " had no material exposure to AIG .
" Our counterparty risk was offset by collateral and hedges , and that remains the case . "
There have been other fortuitous decisions , too .
For instance , the Securities and Exchange Commission 's ban on short - selling was lifted for market - makers such as Goldman , and U.S. regulators may be willing to back Goldman 's purchase of $ 50 billion in troubled assets from other banks , according to a Financial Times report .
Buffett investment
It was the Buffett investment that was the master stroke .
Announced on the same day that President Bush , Congress and presidential candidates worked on the first draft of Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson 's bailout plan , everyone hailed the deal as a huge financial gain for Buffett and an expensive vote of confidence for Goldman .
If it were only that , the price was rich .
But the investment earned Goldman permanent access to the Federal Reserve discount window , lowered its leverage to just over 18 times equity , brought it closer to its new bank - holding company structure , and , according to Fox - Pitt Kelton analyst David Trone , was n't costly for Goldman .
" Goldman 's raise will simply pad its equity capital cushion to appease the market 's recent concern about its model , " he wrote .
It put " to rest doubts that a company could raise without fundamentally needing it . "
Goldman , like its rivals , is on the prowl for deposits , but unlike its competitors , it will be the acquirer .
Goldman emerges from this mess essentially the same institution .
It has the same lack of transparency .
It still manages hedge funds and private - equity businesses .
It still has a thriving prime brokerage business .
As former Drexel Burnham Lambert CEO Fred Joseph said last week , investment banking is " not disappearing at all .
[ Banks ] will act more like advisory firms and underwriters and lenders .
They 'll act a little bit more like banks , and less like hedge funds . "
That does n't mean those enterprises wo n't disappear .
And Goldman will be one of the few left open for business .
: : : : : : : : : :
What is the difference between Bush / Cheney and McCain / Palin ?
You guessed it : Lipstick .
All that “ McCain is real change ” talk aside , if you take a close look at the Republican election platform , the kind of people John McCain surrounds himself with and his choice of running mate , you can only come to the conclusion the Bush / Cheney years will be perpetuated in all issues that matter .
The Republican Party , which has become the political arm of the economic interest groups that are waging a war on the middle class for more than eight years now , has elected itself just the ticket they need .
An old , sick and tired ex-maverick , who is so keen on becoming President that he throws each and every belief he may held at one point away for the office .
He was n’t able to stand up to the religious right , the vote providing machine of the GOP , to nominate the Vice - President of his own choice .
He came out with , what he thought in his old - man - stubbornness - tantrum is a serves - you - right - candidate who is , much to the glee of the Cheney / Rove crowd , the ultimate Manchurian Candidate .
The oil companies could n’t be happier , cheering her on with drill - baby - drill chants , and the anti-choice crowd gets all bleary eyed for her “ fetus - first ” stance .
Good job John McCain .
Again you will not get universal healthcare .
If you are not insured , you will be left out to die if you ca n’t get to the emergency room in time .
And if you make it there , you may die on the waiting room floor anyway .
But insurance companies will continue to reap huge profits , as will pharmaceutical companies .
Read the GOP platform page 37 :
The American people rejected Democrats ’ attemptedgovernment takeover of healthcare in 1993 , and they remain skeptical of politicians who would send us down that road .
Republicans support the private practice of medicine and oppose socialized medicine in the form of a government - run universal health care system .
Republicans pledge that as we reform our health care system
And more radical the VP nominee :
The bill would establish an Alaska health care information office to give consumers factual information on Recognizing that health care must be market - and business - driven , rather than restricted by government , Governor Palin is proposing a repeal of the Certificate of Need program ( CON ) .
CON is a regulatory process that requires certain health care providers to obtain state approval before offering certain new or expanded services .
[ Palin ’s administration ] concluded that the CON program does not benefit the citizens of Alaska , given the litigious environment surrounding it ( emphasis added )
John McCain :
John McCain believes health care reform should address the rising costs that threaten families ’ budgets , business competitiveness , and government programs by making the entire system responsive to the needs of American families .
Families should receive quality , accountable care at lower costs by harnessing market competition .( emphasis added )
Who do you think is going to come out on top ?
We are sharing a planet .
The sheer number of inhabitants and their need for food and energy puts an incredible strain on the world we live in .
Since the Club of Rome analysis in 1972 thoughtful people are reminding us that we can go only so far , or this world we live in will be uninhabitable .
But still , there is money to be made and the lifestyle of the wealthy few to be defended .
To defend that lifestyle , energy supply is key .
An example from the GOP election platform :
Any legislation to increase domestic exploration , drilling and production must minimize any protracted legal challenges that could unreasonably delay or even preclude actual production .
We oppose any efforts that would permanently block access to the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .
( emphasis added )
The VP nominee :
The standard should be no different for industry .
Ironically , we ’re trying to convince the rest of the nation to open ANWR , but we ca n’t even get our own Pt. Thomson , which is right on the edge of ANWR , developed !
We are ready for that gas to be tapped so we can fill a natural gas pipeline .
I promise to vigorously defend Alaska ’s rights , as resource owners , to develop and receive appropriate value for our resources .
John McCain :
As far as ANWR is concerned , I do n’t want to drill in the Grand Canyon , and I do n’t want to drill in the Everglades .
This is one of the most pristine and beautiful parts of the world .
But I guess he ’s already changed his position , has n’t he ?
He has also changed his views on Abortion ( see 1999 statement as opposed to now ) .
He shows his colours on who can be bailed out if they make bad decisions and who cannot :
On the issue of Bear Stearns , every financial expert I know says that if it had failed , it would have rippled throughout the entire financial community and would have caused greater problems which eventually would have come down on the average citizen if our economy continues to decline the way that it ’s been doing .
Look , Americans are hurting right now .
They do n’t know if they have to get another job .
The challenges are enormous right now .
The key to it is not to bail out people who speculated or people who engaged in unsavory practices .
The key to it is get the lender and the borrower together .
We know how hard that is because of identifying the lender , but there ’s ways to do it .
Of course there ’s a role for government , but it ’s not to reward greedy speculators .
It is not to reward people who misbehave .
And it certainly is n’t a huge expenditure of taxpayers ’ dollars which , in the long run , could exacerbate the problems that exist ( emphasis added )
The Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac bailout will cost you – nobody knows yet – but it is safe to say A Lot :
There is no guarantee that the takeover will work , and it comes at a potentially massive cost to taxpayers .
The government has pledged to inject money in the companies in any quarter in which they would otherwise be insolvent — up to $ 100 billion in total for each company .
I could go on for a while here and the result would be the same .
Wherever John McCain is not yet in line with the ultra - right GOP election platform , he is getting there .
If elected , the Bush era would n’t only be extended , but enhanced .
And to top this off he will have provided you with a Vice President who is Cheney with boobs and – lipstick .
: : : : : : : : : :
In this post , I present a summary of the mind - expanding bestseller How to Think like Leonardo da Vinci : Seven Steps to Genius Every Day , along with some thoughts about Leonardo and the book .
( To skip directly to the summary , click here . )
Leonardo is my Childhood ( and Adulthood ) Hero
Since my childhood , I was utterly fascinated by the figure of Leonardo da Vinci and his achievements .
It never ceased to puzzle and amaze me how a single person could be a scientist , mathematician , engineer , inventor , anatomist , painter , sculptor , architect , botanist , musician and writer .
Fast forward many years , it was when visiting Leonardo ’s exhibition in the Milan Science and Technology Museum that I decided to have him as a permanent source of inspiration for life .
Being able to get in touch with his mastery of both science and arts captivated me for good .
Leonardo is not only probably the greatest genius ever : he ’s the one that most fully embodies the ‘ Renaissance Man ‘ ideal .
Pursuing that ideal means being focused not on excelling on a single knowledge domain , but on having a holistic view of excellence in life .
It means much more than just intellectual achievement , it means full realization of human potential in every aspect .
A Framework for Genius
In How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci , author Michael Gelb does a superb job of capturing the essence of Leonardo ’s genius and laying it out in a practical framework for self - improvement .
Here are the 7 key areas that shaped Leonardo ’s genius and which you can use as a framework for your own self - improvement :
Curiosità :
An insatiably curious approach to life and an unrelenting quest for continuous learning .
Dimostrazione : A commitment to test knowledge through experience , persistence , and a willingness to learn from mistakes .
Sensazione :
The continual refinement of the senses , especially sight , as the means to enliven experience .
Sfumato : A willingness to embrace ambiguity , paradox , and uncertainty .
Arte / Scienza :
The development of the balance between science and art , logic and imagination .
“ Whole - brain ” thinking .
Corporalitá :
The cultivation of grace , ambidexterity , fitness , and poise .
Connessione : A recognition of and appreciation for the interconnectedness of all things and phenomena .
Systems thinking .
In the book there ’s a thorough explanation of how each of these seven key areas applies in Leonardo ’s life .
More importantly , it ’s packed with practical advice and dozens of exercises you can start doing immediately to develop your thinking skills in many unconventional ways .
For a reference to the exercises , check the free book summary below .
Book Summary
This mind map summary focuses on the practical exercises contained in the book , so it ’s intended to be more of a reference you can come back to from time to time than a complete replacement of the book .
( If you enjoyed the article 120 Ways to Boost Your Brain Power , you ’ll recognize that some of those tips came from this book , but you ’ll also find a wealth of new tips which are n’t in that article . )
As a side note , I found it rather amusing to summarize this book using mind mapping , since How to Think like Leonardo da Vinci was one the first references I came across when learning about the technique .
Conclusion
About a decade later , after having bought it in 1998 , I still use How to Think like Leonardo da Vinci regularly as a reference for inspiration and personal growth .
This book ended up becoming one of the most influential for me , solidifying my choice of Leonardo as a role model and presenting a very useful framework that I use for self - development up until today .
… Which made me curious .
Do you have one or more role models in life ?
Who inspires you the most to reach your full potential ?
Share in the comments !
Related Posts
New Husseins began to crop up online as far back as last fall .
But more joined up in February after a conservative radio host , Bill Cunningham , used Mr. Obama ’s middle name three times and disparaged him while introducing Senator John McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee , at a campaign rally .
( Mr. McCain repudiated Mr. Cunningham ’s comments ) .
The practice has been proliferating ever since .
In interviews , several Obama supporters said they dreamed up the idea on their own , with no input from the campaign and little knowledge that others shared their thought .
Some said they were inspired by movies , including “ Spartacus , ” the 1960 epic about a Roman slave whose peers protect him by calling out “ I am Spartacus ! ” to Roman soldiers , and “ In and Out , ” a 1997 comedy about a gay high school teacher whose students protest his firing by proclaiming that they are all gay as well .
“ It ’s one of those things that just takes off , because everybody got it right away , ” said Stephanie Miller , a left - leaning comedian who blurted out the idea one day during a broadcast of her syndicated radio talk show and repeated it on CNN .
Ms. Miller and her fellow new Husseins are embracing the traditionally Muslim name even as the Obama campaign shies away from Muslim associations .
Campaign workers ushered two women in head scarves out of a camera ’s range at a rally this month in Detroit .
( The campaign has apologized . )
Aides canceled a December appearance on behalf of Mr. Obama by Representative Keith Ellison , a Minnesota Democrat and the first Muslim congressman .
Mr. Obama may be more enthusiastic , judging from his response at a Chicago fund - raiser two weeks ago .
When he saw that Richard Fizdale , a longtime contributor , wore “ Hussein ” on his name tag , Mr. Obama broke into a huge grin , Mr. Fizdale said .
“ The theory was , we ’re all Hussein , ” Mr. Obama said to the crowd later , explaining Mr. Fizdale ’s gesture .
If there 's a title that 's close to many fans of Blizzard , it 's got to be StarCraft .
10 years after the game has been released , most companies would have left fixing an almost perfect game .
But Blizzard has constantly released patches that iron out the nuances it 's users face .
Their previous patch ( 1.15.2 ) did n't change the game , but did give a much needed break to your over used Starcraft CD by removing the need to play with it .
In their latest patch Blizzard has released the 1.15.3 patch with these bug fixes :- Game now works correctly on versions of Mac OS X which do not support 256 - color mode . -
Fixed a communication bug affecting third party leagues . -
Alt - F6 no longer stalls the game on Windows .
The update works if you connect directly to the Blizzard FTP .
Or you could alternatively visit this page of their release notes Keep in mind though that if you wish to continue playing on ICCUP and ChaosLauncher , then you might just have to sit out on this one for a while , as this patch removes the possibility of playing on the ICCUP ladder .
Yahoo founder and chief executive Jerry Yang accused Microsoft of trying to destabilize Yahoo with no genuine intent to buy the company , the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday .
Yang , on the defensive as billionaire corporate raider Carl Icahn seeks to unseat the current Yahoo board and install his own people in order to propel Yahoo into Microsoft ’s hands , told the Journal that Microsoft has not pursued talks with the company in earnest .
He noted in an interview with the newspaper that Microsoft has recently expressed interest in opening new negotiations to buy Yahoo ’s search engine business if Icahn ’s proxy fight succeeds .
“ To trust Mr. Icahn and his board is really a bad choice , ” Yang told the Journal .
“ I think that the destabilizing by Microsoft has become more and more intentional .
I am not happy about it . ”
On Monday Yahoo ’s stock price jumped nearly 12 percent after Microsoft said it is willing to reopen talks on a “ major transaction ” with Yahoo if its board undergoes a major shakeup .
Read
The world ’s biggest software firm confirmed Icahn ’s comments about talks that could lead to a new takeover bid if Yahoo replaces its directors next month .
Yahoo earlier defended its handling of the takeover bid and accused Microsoft of joining forces with Icahn to overthrow its directors .
“ Now ( Microsoft chief executive Steve ) Ballmer and Mr. Icahn have teamed up in an apparent effort to force Yahoo into selling to Microsoft its search business at a price to be determined in a future ‘ negotiation ’ between Mr. Icahn ’s directors and Microsoft ’s management , ” Yahoo said .
Yahoo said its board approached Ballmer as recently as June to renew takeover talks , but was told Microsoft was no longer interested .
“ If Microsoft and Mr. Ballmer really want to purchase Yahoo , we again invite them to make a proposal immediately , ” Yahoo said .
Source – AFP
WASHINGTON , April 11 — Five years after the Bush administration began a crackdown on voter fraud , the Justice Department has turned up virtually no evidence of any organized effort to skew federal elections , according to court records and interviews .
Although Republican activists have repeatedly said fraud is so widespread that it has corrupted the political process and , possibly , cost the party election victories , about 120 people have been charged and 86 convicted as of last year .
Most of those charged have been Democrats , voting records show .
Many of those charged by the Justice Department appear to have mistakenly filled out registration forms or misunderstood eligibility rules , a review of court records and interviews with prosecutors and defense lawyers show .
In Miami , an assistant United States attorney said many cases there involved what were apparently mistakes by immigrants , not fraud .
I cannot recommend strongly enough Goodale & Milner ’s book on vision ‘ Sight Unseen ’ .
The title refers to the idea they pursue throughout the book that our everyday conception of vision is thoroughly misleading .
Rather than vision just being ‘ what we experience ’ , it is , in fact , a collection of specific eye - behaviour links ( ‘ visuomotor functions ’ ) of which our conscious perception of the world is only an evolutionary - recent addition .
Goodale & Milner have spent their careers investigating this area and base their narrative around a selection of seminal experiments and case - studies of patients with selective brain injuries .
Almost no background knowledge is assumed yet the book takes the reader into the intricacies of the psychology of vision .
The triumph of the book is that it gives a flavour of how research proceeds while also managing to provide an intuition - shaking overview of the whole topic .
I will never think about seeing in the same way again .
This is a rare book which is accessible but will also be of interest to those working in the field .
If you have any interest in how a research field develops or in the psychology of vision then you should read it .
Goodale , M. & Milner , D. ( 2004 ) .
Sight Unseen : An Exploration of Conscious and Unconscious Vision .
Oxford : Oxford University Press
( Full disclosure : I did not get asked to do this review , nor did I receive payment or a free book .
I did it because I liked the book .
I am actively engaged in research in this area )
We may not be as fit as the people of ancient Athens , despite all that modern diet and training can provide , according to research by University of Leeds exercise physiologist , Dr Harry Rossiter .
Dr Rossiter measured the metabolic rates of modern athletes rowing a reconstruction of an Athenian trireme , a 37 m long warship powered by 170 rowers seated in three tiers .
Using portable metabolic analysers , he measured the energy consumption of a sample of the athletes powering the ship over a range of different speeds to estimate the efficiency of the human engine of the warship .
The research is published in New Scientist today ( February 8 ) .
By comparing these findings to classical texts that record details of their endurance , he realised that the rowers of ancient Athens – around 500 BC – would had to have been highly elite athletes , even by modern day standards .
Says Dr Rossiter : “ Ancient Athens had up to 200 triremes at any one time , and with 170 rowers in each ship , the rowers were clearly not a small elite .
Yet this large group , it seems , would match up well with the best of modern athletes .
Either ancient Athenians had a more efficient way of rowing the trireme or they would have to be an extremely fit group .
Our data raise the interesting notion that these ancient athletes were genetically better adapted to endurance exercise than we are today . ”
Dr Rossiter worked closely with Professor Boris Rankov , Professor of Classics at Royal Holloway , University of London to interpret the details of the endurance of the ancient rowers from classical texts .
Many of these texts were originally collected and used to estimate sustainable ship speeds in The Athenian Trireme ( CUP , 2rd edition 2000 ) , which Professor Rankov co-authored .
For example , one account talks of the Athenians quelling a revolt in Mytilene on the island of Lesbos in the eastern Aegean .
The Athenian assembly ordered all Mytiline ’s men to death , and despatched a trireme to carry out this command .
The next day , the assembly relented and sent a second trireme to halt the massacre .
According to the records of Thucydides , this second trireme would have made the journey in about 24 hours , rowing in shifts and eating while they rowed , so the ship could travel non-stop .
Says Dr Rossiter : “ From these details we can estimate the average sustainable ship speeds .
Then , using the reconstruction we measured the metabolic demands of the human engine required to sustain these speeds .
If the historians are correct , we would struggle to find enough people at that level of fitness today to power the ships at those speeds . ”
Triremes were a huge technological advance , allowing Athens to dominate the seas .
They had a strong keel , taken forward into a huge spike covered in bronze plates , which meant they could ram and hole enemy ships – a new technique in naval warfare .
To ensure sufficient impact to cause damage , the triremes had to reach great speeds – so were designed with more than three times more rowers than earlier warships .
By placing the rowers on three tiers , the ship could remain a manoeuvrable length and weight .
The trireme used in Dr Rossiter ’s research , Olympias , was built in the 1980s and was used to carry the Olympic flame to Piraeus , the port near Athens , at the start of the last Olympic Games .
It is now housed in a museum in Piraeus .
When it comes to business success , collaboration in the workplace is key .
Collaboration lays the foundation for better teamwork .
It ensures all employees are working toward the greater success of the company .
Without proper collaboration , employees will do duplicate or unnecessary work .
Your company may even go off the rails !
That ’s why it ’s essential to introduce it to your company as soon as possible .
Communication is Key : Ways to Encourage Collaboration in the Workplace
Is your company struggling with its collaboration efforts ?
In this article , we ’re sharing 10 tips for fostering communication and collaboration in the office .
By embracing these 10 ideas , you can make encourage cooperation and communication within your business .
Stress the Importance of Collaboration
People in the workplace wo n’t care about collaboration unless you highlight its importance .
Share case studies that prove the benefits of collaboration .
Then speak to the ways a lack of collaboration has hurt your business .
Show employees how collaboration can help achieve company goals .
If they know collaboration is the key to success , they ’ll embrace it more .
Communicate Expectations
Collaboration only works if it comes with clear expectations .
You can communicate these expectations by clearly defining roles and responsibilities .
This will help employees understand who is responsible for what , and who they should work with .
It also will help explain how their individual work impacts the company .
Encourage Socialization Amongst Employees
Work can be a source of stress .
And stress can prevent employees from connecting with one another .
That ’s why it ’s important to make sure employees have a chance to get to chat and socialize outside of work .
Plan team mixers and out - of - office activities for employees .
Let them have fun and break down their walls of pre-judgment and mistrust .
If employees get to know each other , they ’ll want to collaborate more often and care more about each other ’s success .
Coworkers who know and trust each other also provide more clear and honest feedback .
Constructive feedback will help you improve work efficiency and better serve your customers .
Ask Management to Bridge Gaps
Is your company large ?
If so , you probably experience communication breakdowns from time to time .
That ’s why you should really on your department heads to reach out across teams and communicate what they ’re doing .
This can help you merge related initiatives .
It ’ll also guarantee that everyone knows what they ’re doing and are on the same page .
Additionally , top - down communication lends to greater openness and transparency across the company .
Employees will better know how their individual work impacts the greater company .
They ’ll also know the role they have to play to achieve company goals .
Listen to People of All Levels
If you want to increase communication and collaboration across your company , you have to make every employee feel empowered to do so .
That means creating judgment - free zones where employees of any level feel entitled to share their opinions .
Employees will be more invested in the company if they feel like they have a say in what ’s going on .
They ’ll also be more likely to speak out when mistakes are made , or things are moving in the wrong direction .
All employees within a company have value , and your business will be better if you empower all employees to share theirs .
Set up Collaboration Corners
Another great way to increase collaboration is to create spaces that make collaborating easy .
Many startups and successful tech companies have done a great job doing this .
Set up casual seating areas or spaces specifically designed for collaboration where people can have quick meetings and review work .
Also set up coffee or snack zones , so employees can take quick breaks to unwind and get to know their coworkers .
Host Town Hall Meetings
Want to encourage collaboration ?
Integrate it into how you run your business .
You can do that by communicating company objectives and issues at all - hands - on - deck meetings .
Town hall meetings increase information sharing and transparency and provide insights into what other teams are doing .
These meetings can help employees understand how their work impacts other teams , and how the organization works outside the context of their own department .
Leverage the Strengths of Your Employees
People are n’t likely to collaborate if they do n’t know who they should be collaborating with .
That ’s why you should help employees identify the best ways they can contribute .
You can do this by encouraging them to take personality tests and work - style quizzes .
These exercises help employees get to know themselves and their co-workers better .
It helps identify who they should turn to for any given project .
It also helps them leverage each other ’s greatest strengths to tackle hard projects .
Do n’t Go Overboard with Collaboration
Collaboration is a great thing if it ’s used appropriately .
But if you push collaboration too much you run the risk of collaborative burnout .
That ’s why it ’s important to teach employees the when and where of collaboration .
Empower employees to say “ no ” to certain meetings if they ’re unnecessary .
Push them to experiment with different types of collaboration models to find out what works best for them .
Encourage employees to provide honest feedback about collaborative practices .
Ask them if they feel like it ’s too much , or if there are better ways to be doing things .
Their answers can help you refine your collaborative processes .
Encourage Innovation
Collaboration and innovation can only occur in work environments that are open and judgment - free .
If employees fear failure , they ’ll shy away from relying on each other and collaborating .
Show employees it ’s okay to take risks , and reward collaboration and innovative efforts .
If you do this , you ’ll allow for more creativity in the workplace .
Do n’t know of any innovative collaboration practices ?
You should get more info about collaboration techniques and software that can benefit your business .
Final Thoughts on Collaboration in the Workplace
Embracing collaboration in the workplace is n’t always easy .
It ’ll take you some time to identify the best collaboration style for your business and employees .
But by trying out these different collaboration ideas , you can encourage greater communication and innovation , and drive company success .
Did you find this article helpful ?
Want access to more insider tips and tricks ?
Check out our trending tech news and hacks !
QR Code Link to This Post
If your name is Roy , Troy or LeRoy ... I WANT YOU !I was with a Roy before ( please see photo ) and it did n't last as long as my tattoo .
Who knew ?
Getting the tattoo removed is not something I want to do , plus I 'm so accustomed to bellowing it ( Roy ) out in bed .
What can I say , I 'm a creature of habit .
If your name is n't Roy , or even a variation , but you can somehow find a way to incorporate it into my tattoo , I 'm open to suggestions .
About me : I 'm 27 , 5 ' 4 " , 115 lbs , brown hair , blue eyes , freckles and looking for love ( and a way to keep my tattoo ) .
Thanks fellas , Dynah
For past few years , bashing Java has been really popular though some of the criticism has merits .
But in general , due to its popularity , Java has become “ the man ” who tries to bring everyone down .
There are millions of programmers who work for the “ Java the man ” .
I saw recent post from NYU professor , who called Java - savvy college grads to tomorrow ’s pizza delivery man .
I know Joel Spolsky often mentions teaching C in unversities to help understand pointers and memory management .
I agree with notion of teachings multiple languages in universities so that graduates have wide breadth of understanding with differant programming paradigms .
I started learning programming back in 80’s on Atari and learned BASIC .
I then moved to PC and learned GW - BASIC and then learned C , FORTRAN , Assembler , COBOL , Pascal , C++ in college .
I also learned Lisp , Prolog , Perl on my own .
In late 80’s and early 90s , I also learned DBase III , RPG and SAS , which was called 4th generation language .
Similarly , C , FOTRAN , Pascal , etc. were called third languages , assembly languages were second generation languages .
I learned Java in ’95 when it came out and found it to be much easier to program than C/ C ++.
I also learned Python , Ruby and Erlang for past few years and have been learning Haskell and Scala these days .
For most part , Java has been my primary language with some use of C++ , Perl , Ruby , Python / Jython ( and Erlang on my own ) .
Though I wish I could use more Erlang but I do n’t have same experience with Erlang as I have with Java .
Over time , Java managed to take a lot of C / C++ share of the market .
Also , Java has managed to buid large ecosystem with open source and commercial suites of libraries and frameworks .
I often hear that Java is so enterprisy and popular in large companies , but truth is that Java has proven itself to be reliable language .
Steve Yeggie also mentioned in his blog how Google primarily uses Java , C++ , Python and Javascript .
I like the polyglot environment , where I write performance critical code in system language like Java and use Ruby / Python for high level glue code or web tier .
I find often the criticism of Java is dishonest .
For example , though people raves about metaprogramming in Ruby but forget to mention all the overhead that goes with it , not to mention security holes and memory leaks issues .
The truth is that none of hot languages like Python , Ruby , Erlang , Haskell provide same performance as Java , in fact Java ’s hotspot compiler beats C++ in production .
I am going to ignore static vs dynamic language debate , but I ’ve found static languages work better with large number of developers .
Again , I like these languages , but I prefer to see some balanced comparison .
The real reason Java is popular is because there are tons of jobs .
Here is quick comparison of jobs in Java , C++ , C# , Erlang , Haskell , OCaml , Ruby , Python and Factor :
As Bruce Lee said :
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once , but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times .
I find it , the way you can distinguish yourself is by learning more about the design and architecture of developing system and learning more about the ecosystem .
It takes years to learn the ins and outs of programming language and all the tools and libraries with it .
Though , I totally agree with learning a number of different languages like Haskell , Factor , Erlang , Scala , Groovy and I have been trying to learn all those for many years .
However , for system language my first choice is still Java , simply because I have found it to be reliable and efficient language .
As James Gosling said Java is a blue collar language .
Sure it does not have closures ( yet ) , actors , transactional memory , metaprogramming or AST / macros but it is well suited for building large applications by hundreds or thousands of programmers .
I just started a large project in my division at Amazon , and sure enough I chose Java because I have been using it for over twelve years and I know it can do the job .
It was n’t simply because Java is safe choice ( no one got fired for choosing IBM ) , but practically Java has more matured solutions for business needs .
For example , my project needs to integrate with 20 + applications and is aimed at reducing manual work so it needed portal server , workflow engine , rules engine and messaging service and there are tons of options for those in Java community .
Finally , JVM is proving to be neat platform for building new languages like JRuby , Jython , Groovy , Scala , Clojure , etc. that can bring cool features and high interoperability with existing system .
As Guy Steele said in his recent interview , you ca n’t expect one language to solve all problems .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
You 're walking along a street in Roman Pompeii at the start of the first millennium when you notice a spectacular stone building .
You reach out towards it and your guide informs you it 's a temple to the god Jupiter , built in 200 BC .
With a flick of your wrist you save the data and , school assignment complete , you step out of your Cocoon and back into your living room .
The Immersive Cocoon could revolutionize the way we interact with computers .
more photos »
Educational historical journeys are just one possible use of the Immersive Cocoon , a walk - in virtual - reality pod being developed by NAU , an international design collective that aims to revolutionize the way we interact with computers .
When complete , the Immersive Cocoon will be a sleek and shiny human - sized dome .
Step inside and you 'll be enveloped by a 360° display screen and full surround sound .
When the software boots up , instead of using a joystick or mouse to navigate the screens , motion - tracking cameras will follow the movement of your arms , legs and face , and a motion - sensitive platform will detect if you 're walking or jumping .
" You 've got display , sound and interaction all combined to create this fully immersed digital experience , " explains Tino Schaedler , the architect - turned - film designer who is one third of NAU .
" It is completely different from me sitting in front of a screen , looking at a little picture and typing something in -- almost like the experience is reduced to my brain and my fingers .
In the Cocoon we have the whole body immersed inside . "
Videogame players will immediately recognize the Cocoon 's gaming potential .
The motion - tracking cameras and wrap - around visuals could make for an incredibly realistic gaming experience , where you use your whole body to fight off enemies who approach from all directions .
But the Cocoon 's potential extends far beyond gaming .
Imagine having a Cocoon in your home , connected to the Internet .
Its unique interface means that rather than inputing commands with a keyboard or a moving a cursor with a mouse , you can simply reach out and ' grab ' information from all around you .
If that sounds like science fiction , it may be because the 3D motion - tracking system was originally developed by John Underkoffler , whose work at Massachusetts Institute of Technology inspired similar ' reach out and grab ' technology in the sci - fi movie " Minority Report . "
NAU sees the technology as part of a trend away from traditional interfaces towards more intuitive ways of interacting with technology , a trend they say has already begun with existing mainstream devices such as the motion - sensitive controls of Nintendo 's Wii gaming system or the touch - sensitive display on the iPhone .
Schaedler says the Cocoon could re-shape our working environments , allowing home working and virtual meetings where you could talk with virtual versions of your co-workers in detailed virtual environments .
He also envisages enhanced online shopping , with Web sites offering 3D shopping environments .
" Imagine Amazon.com being fully 3D .
We could walk through a 3D space where you have all the books lined up , and you could walk right up to a book , " he says .
Virtual shoppers might be able to take books off their shelves and read a sample , or even ask other virtual customers for recommendations .
The Cocoon also could be the perfect medium for interacting with virtual public spaces -- 3D renderings of libraries , museums and art galleries that can be visited online .
Blazing a trail in the development of these spaces are New York architects Asymptote , who developed the New York Stock Exchange 's 3D trading floor and have designed a virtual Guggenheim Museum .
Asymptote co-founder Hani Rashid explained to CNN that the Guggenheim Museum wanted its artworks to be viewable via the Internet .
But rather than use a standard web site layout , the Guggenheim wanted to create a virtual space as striking as the architecture of its New York museum .
Asymptote came up with a futuristic design that Rashid describes as " a perfect hybrid of electronic space and physical space . "
Although the project is currently on hold , it offers a tantalizing glimpse of a future in which virtual spaces are designed with the same attention to detail as real physical buildings .
Rashid and Schaedler are a new breed of architect who are as comfortable in the virtual world as the physical , and they agree that as the Internet develops into a 3D medium , it will be architects who design the interactive virtual spaces .
Rashid says , " Ultimately , architects think spatially and where there 's a spatial issue we 're the ones trained historically to figure out how to make people understand and feel the emotional , physical and artistic side of a space . "
NAU hopes to complete its prototype Cocoon by October 2009 , with models commercially available by 2014 .
Initially , it 's intended to be used in public spaces or to be leased by companies , until the technology becomes cheap enough for the consumer market .
But where NAU are creating an escape from the real world , others are working on ways of merging virtual information with the real world .
Scott Fisher is the Chair of the Interactive Media Division at the University of Southern California .
In the 1980s he helped develop the archetypal ' glove and goggles ' virtual reality system at NASA 's Ames Research Center .
Since then he has worked with Japanese mobile communications giant NTT Docomo on a kind of technology known as " augmented reality . "
Where virtual reality immerses you in an artificial world , augmented reality lets you go about your normal life , seeing the real world with additional information superimposed on it .
" You might be walking down a street in Tokyo and you could see information about a restaurant that you 're walking by , or you might walk by a store and see information about what 's on sale there , " explains Fisher .
This kind of technology has been used for years in pilots ' heads - up displays , but a personal augmented reality system requires some sort of portable display , such as a headset .
Prototype headsets were once cumbersome things you would n't want to wear in public , but modern designs are moving towards something resembling a regular pair of glasses and researchers are working on incorporating the technology into cell phones .
Fisher says " This kind of augmented reality is still pretty much in the research stage , but there are a few companies that are about to start marketing , so we 'll see things coming out commercially in the next few years . "
Whether our future reality turns out to be virtual or augmented , it certainly promises to be interesting .
Now that the fans around the world will have copies of LittleBigPlanet next week , we wanted to celebrate the global launch and give you a heads up on the downloadable content you can expect to see in the near future …
— — — ——
First , we know we ’ve had a bumpy release , and for your patience , we ’re releasing a handful of free downloadable content on the PlayStation Store ( starting 11/6 )
“ Launch ” Spacesuit ***
Halloween Mask ***
*** Only available from 11/6 to 11/19
— — — —-
In addition to the ‘ fan appreciation gifts ’ mentioned above , we wanted to share an overview of the types of DLC headed your way .
Check back here every Wednesday to see what new DLC will be available on the PlayStation Store the next day …
One category of downloads will be , no surprise , SackBoy costumes .
You ’ve already seen a few of our pre-order announcements and partnerships with PlayStation Alumni , but this is only a snippet of available downloads to come .
We ’re hard at work to provide weekly downloads to keep the community fresh and active .
Here are a few items we have in store for you down the line …
Seasonal & Limited Time Only Costumes – FREE
The “ launch ” SpaceSuit and Halloween mask is a perfect example of this .
These types of items will be available for a short amount of time only so look for these around special events and holidays .
Community Costumes – FREE
Remember LittleBigChallenge 003 ?
We ’re finalizing the winners now , so stay tuned .
These will be available for free and over time , you ’ll see more and more of these types of free downloads for LBP community .
SackBoy Costumes – $ 0.99 each
Continue to customize your SackBoy / SackGirl with brand new outfits that will be available in a variety of themes and designs .
Here ’s a sneak peek of a few costumes in the works …
Premium SackBoy Costumes – $ 1.99 each
Its no secret , that we love the rest of the PlayStation family and we want the SackPeople to be able to dress up as their favorite characters .
Stay tuned for more announcements with new costumes from our PlayStation family and even some outside the family …
Here ’s a few of the ones we ’ve already announced …
RARE SackBoy Costumes – $ ?.??
In time , we ’re hoping to introduce very rare items that are both only available for a certain amount of time and extremely collectible .
We ’ve previously announced the such an item , the “ RARE Mm T - shirt ” , but in North America , we ’re waiting for the right time to introduce into the PS Store .
Stay tuned …
Basic SackBoy Costume Bundle – $ 2.99
At times , we ’ll offer four basic costumes at a great price … to make things easier for the ‘ must collect everything I see ’ personalities Premium SackBoy Costume Bundle – $ 5.99
Similar to the Basic SackBoy Costume Bundle , this premium version consists of four premium costumes for the price of three .
All characters in premium bundles will revolve around a certain theme …more info to come in the near future .
Stay tuned in a few weeks when we introduce a few more types of LBP DLC that will not only enhance your SackBoy , but expand your Pop - it tool with more objects , materials , stickers , sounds , music and even gameplay enhancements to keep the community refreshed with more creative options .
Bioplastics : Environmentally Unfriendly , Contributing To The Food Crisis
About those bioplastic bags – you know , the ones you ’ve been using to assuage your eco-conscious guilt – turns out not only are they not as green as you think , they could also be partially responsible for the global food crisis .
A worldwide effort by bag - heavy industries to replace petroleum - based plastics with plant - based plastics could actually lead to more environmental problems , according to a study by the Guardian UK .
The bags , made from sugarcane , corn or wheat , can increase greenhouse gas emissions because they require higher temperatures to decompose .
Even the biodegradable versions do n’t disintegrate as planned when thrown into the anaerobic environment of a landfill .
The lack of oxygen causes the bags to release methane , which is 23 times more powerful than carbon dioxide .
They also tend to screw up recycling operations by contaminating the waste stream and making regular recycled plastics unsaleable .
Recycling companies would need to invest in extremely expensive equipment to extract bioplastic packaging from regular waste .
Not to mention , bioplastics also compete for land with food and biofuel .
The industry , which is growing by 20 to 30 % a year , may take over several million more acres of farmland within the next half decade .
With rising food prices set to push another 100 million people into poverty , maybe it ’s time everyone just ditched plastics all together .
[ Guardian via Treehugger ]
It 's easy to get wrapped up in all of the big name countries that go to the Olympics , such as the United States or Russia , but have you ever thought about those countries that do n't have as much money for a team or only have a few athletes who qualify ?
My family has a tradition of picking one or two of the smaller countries that can only send one or two athletes to the games , and sort of " adopting " them for us to root for over the course of the competition .
This year I am going to be watching Itte Detenamo in weightlifting .
He is from the Republic of Nauru , the world 's smallest island nation at only 8.1 square miles .
GO ITTE !
Who are you picking ?
Leave it in the comments !
Countries With 1 Athlete
Grenada - Grenada is a small Caribbean island northeast of Venezuela with a population of 110,000 .
Their lone Olympian will be Rolande Moses , a Welterweight boxer who left Grenada at age 7 , but still qualifies to represent his birth country .
Haiti - Another Caribbean country that is sending only one Olympian to the games to compete in boxing .
Azea Augustama will be contending in the light heavyweight class , and is a former Golden Gloves champion .
Republic of Guinea - 67 kg Barry Mariama Dalanda will be representing the west African country on the woman 's team in Taekwondo .
The country has one of the largest mineral deposits in the world , but is considered one of the poorest because of instability in the region .
Republic of Nauru - The Republic of Nauru is the world 's smallest island nation at only 8.1 square miles .
It is located northeast of Australia in the Micronesian South Pacific .
Their sole Olympic participant will be Itte Detenamo and he will be taking part in the weightlifting competition .
Republic of Togo -
When you think of the sub -Saharan country , Judo is probably not the first sport that comes to mind .
However , that is exactly the sport the 81 - kg Sacha Dananyoh will be participating in as a wild card .
( The site links to the official website of the country , which is in French )
Countries With 2 Athletes
Aruba - A Caribbean island nation that only measures 21 miles in length is sending two atheletes to the Beijing games .
Vis Fiderd will be participating in Judo and Jan Roodzant in swimming .
Bhutan - Located at the eastern end of the Himalaya Mountains , Bhutan is sending two archers to the games for the seventh time .
Tashi Peljor will compete for the men in archery and Droji Dema for the women .
British Virgin Islands -
Though they are a British territory , they attend the Olympics separately from Britain .
Both participants , Tahesia Harrigan and Eric Matthias will be participating in track and field .
Brunei Darussalam - A nation located on the northern coast of Borneo , Brunei Darussalam will be sending Maria Grace Koh for swimming and Mohd Yazid Yatimi Yusof for track and field .
Democratic Republic of Timor - Leste -
More commonly known as East Timor , is an island nation located to the northwest of Australia .
Both of the country 's Olympic athletes , Mariana Dias Ximenes and Augusto Ramos Soares , will be participating in track and field .
Islamic Republic of Mauritania - The country is represented by Bounkou Camara and Souleymane Chabal El Moctar , who will be competing in track and field .
Principality of Liechtenstein - Covering only 62 square miles , and primarily known for winter sports , the Principality of Liechtenstein will have two contestants at the summer games .
Marcel Tschopp will be running the marathon and Oliver Geissmann will be in the shooting competition .
Republic of Botswana -
A land filled with cattle and diamonds , they are sending two boxers to the summer Olympics .
Khumiso Ikgopoleng will be boxing in the bantamweight class and Thato Batshegi will be in the featherweight class .
Republic of Chad -
A landlocked country in the middle of Africa , making it extremely arid , is sending two track and field athletes to the games .
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert and Moumi Sebergue will be the two to make it this time around .
Republic of Niger - Named for the Niger River , Niger will be sending Lailatou Amadou Lele to contend for the gold medal in Taekwondo .
Edited to add :
It seems Niger has a second athlete attending named Mohamed Lamine Alhousseini Alhassan who will be participating in the Men 's 50 m Freestyle event .
Thanks to reader
Mike for mentioning this in comments .
Republic of Sierra Leone - Located in western Africa , the Republic of Sierra Leone has a tropical environment and will be sending Solomon Bayoh and Michaela Kargbo to both participate in track and field .
Somali Republic -
A eastern African country , they will be sending Abdinasir Said Ibrahim and Samia Yusuf Omar to participate in track and field .
Sultanate of Oman - Located on the southwest corner of the Arabian Peninsula , Sultanate of Oman will be sending Allah Dad Al - Balushi to compete in shooting and Mohammed Al - Habsi in swimming .
All map images courtesy of Wikimedia Commons
“ My Bloody Valentine 3D ” revolves around Tom Hanniger ( Jensen Ackles ) , who returns to his hometown on the tenth anniversary of the Valentine ’s night massacre that claimed the lives of 22 people .
Instead of a homecoming , however , Tom finds himself suspected of committing the murders , and it seems like his old flame ( Jaime King ) is the only one will believes he ’s innocent .
- directed “ ” trailer is online .
“ My Bloody Valentine 3D ” is scheduled to hit theaters on January 16th , 2009 .
[ flv]http://moviesmovies.ign.com/movies/video/article/922/922714/bloody_val_trlr1_102208_flvhighwide.flv[/flv]
Democratic Sen. Joe Biden , Barack Obama 's choice as his vice presidential running mate , may be the most well - liked person in Washington .
He 's affable and gregarious and nice to everybody , including the press and Republicans .
When conservative Sen. Jesse Helms retired from Congress in 2002 , the featured speaker at a luncheon honoring him was none other than Mr. Biden .
Brit Hume , the Fox News anchor , tells the story of having been asked by Mr. Biden why he put the Delaware senator in his TV reports from Capitol Hill so infrequently ....
Folks , I hate to say this , but I value honesty above partisan credentials .
I ’ve reluctantly concluded that we ’ve come to a point in time when a Presidential candidate is simply using the female gender to nakedly appeal to voters .
It ’s transparent and , I have to be honest , it ’s pathetic .
Maybe I ’ll at least get an Yglesias Award .
Read the ugly story of why I ’ve come to this conclusion in the extended entry .
The New York Times has the sordid details .
Senator Barack Obama will increasingly lean on prominent Democratic women to undercut Gov. Sarah Palin and Senator John McCain , dispatching Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton to Florida on Monday and creating a rapid - response team to deploy female surrogates to battleground states , Obama advisers said on Thursday .
Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign event in Florida , her first for Mr. Obama since the Democratic convention last month , will include a forceful response to the searing attacks and fresh burst of energy that Ms. Palin injected into the race with her convention speech on Wednesday night , Obama aides said .
The fresh burst of what now ?
Could you just repeat that ?
I did n’t hear it the first time .
Did Obama aides just concede that Sarah Palin has revitalized the Republican ticket ?
Where ’s the vetting ?!
Some Democrats were urging Mr. Obama ’s campaign not to underestimate the potential power of Ms. Palin ’s electrifying speech to the Republican convention on Wednesday night even among voters not aligned with either party :
On liberal talk - radio shows and on left - leaning blogs on Thursday , some Democrats fretted that the Obama campaign should fight back hard to avoid being caricatured as Senator John Kerry was four years ago .
I gotta get a new hearing aid .
Could you just say that one more time ?
I heard “ the potential power of Ms. Palin ’s something something speech . . . ”
What was that word again ?
Did the New York Times just call Sarah Palin ’s speech “ electrifying ” ?
And did I just read that Obama is going to fight all of this energy and electricity by . . . hiding behind some womens ’ skirts ?
What a wussy .
Sarah Palin would man up better than that .
Far better .
Thanks to Dana .
UPDATE : Oops !
Looks like the editors have stepped in and decided that the original version was a bit too honest .
For example , the current headline reads : “ Obama Camp Turns to Clinton to Counter Palin . ” Hmm .
The previous headline was far more entertaining :
And one of the passages I quoted above now reads :
Some Democrats were urging Mr. Obama ’s campaign not to underestimate the potential power of Ms. Palin ’s speech , even among voters not aligned with either party :
On liberal talk - radio shows and on left - leaning blogs , some Democrats said the Obama campaign should fight back hard to avoid being caricatured as Senator John Kerry was four years ago when he ran against President Bush .
Notice anything missing ?
Do n’t believe me , believe the screenshot of the way the story read before the editors got hold of it :
UPDATE x2 : Why is it “ Mrs. Clinton ” but “ Ms. Palin ” ?
Scientific Study Shows Conservatives Are n't Interested In Truth Posted by Pile ( 13176 views ) [ E - Mail link ] [ Psychology ]
A new study out of Yale University confirms what argumentative liberals have long - known : Offering reality - based rebuttals to conservative lies only makes conservatives cling to those lies even harder .
In essence , schooling conservatives makes them more stupid .
From the Washington Post article on the study , which came out yesterday :
Political scientists Brendan Nyhan and Jason Reifler provided two groups of volunteers with the Bush administration 's prewar claims that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction .
One group was given a refutation -- the comprehensive 2004 Duelfer report that concluded that Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction before the United States invaded in 2003 .
Thirty - four percent of conservatives told only about the Bush administration 's claims thought Iraq had hidden or destroyed its weapons before the U.S. invasion , but 64 percent of conservatives who heard both claim and refutation thought that Iraq really did have the weapons .
The refutation , in other words , made the misinformation worse .
A similar " backfire effect " also influenced conservatives told about Bush administration assertions that tax cuts increase federal revenue .
One group was offered a refutation by prominent economists that included current and former Bush administration officials .
About 35 percent of conservatives told about the Bush claim believed it ; 67 percent of those provided with both assertion and refutation believed that tax cuts increase revenue .
In a paper approaching publication , Nyhan , a PhD student at Duke University , and Reifler , at Georgia State University , suggest that Republicans might be especially prone to the backfire effect because conservatives may have more rigid views than liberals :
Upon hearing a refutation , conservatives might " argue back " against the refutation in their minds , thereby strengthening their belief in the misinformation .
Nyhan and Reifler did not see the same " backfire effect " when liberals were given misinformation and a refutation about the Bush administration 's stance on stem cell research .
If you 've ever gotten in an argument with your conservative friends ( assuming you have n't offered each other a mutual Carville - Matalin - style political ceasefire to preserve the friendship ) , you 've probably seen this " backfire effect " in action .
The more you try to tell people that Sarah Palin is lying when she says she was against the Bridge to Nowhere , the more they believe she was telling the truth .
The more you try to explain how similar McCain 's policies are to Bush 's , the more they maintain he 's " the original maverick . "
The typical mantra of the left is that we do n't need to sink to the Republicans ' level because we have the truth on our side .
But if the other side is utterly immune to the truth -- and indeed , the truth only makes them dig deeper into their fantasy world in which the economy is fundamentally strong and the War in Iraq is a staggering success -- what 's a person to do ?
Details
Posted by Just a visitor on 2008-09 - 17 12:54:21
I think the labels of " conservative " and " liberal " may be a little too broad .
Certainly , many so - called conservatives are reactionaries .
Even so , it explains why there are so few talk radio shows aimed at liberals : most can think for themselves Posted by Einherjar on 2008 - 09 - 17 13:24:13 this is actually freaking terrifying follow the money
Posted by Morton on 2008-09 - 17 13:36:34
I think the reason there are so few liberal talk shows is that the conservative viewpoint echos the sentiment of corporate America .
What 's good for corporations ( such as war ) is not always good for the public .
liberals just as stubborn
Posted by mrbob on 2008-09 - 20 01:04:25
Well , when I ask my liberal friends " how can you worship al gore when you 're aware that his mansion ( metaphorically ) eats 240 hamburgers a year while normal homes eat 12 ? " they usually rebut : " but he 's the vice president . "
Of course , 10 minutes later , these same liberals are crying that global warming will kill us all .
So , as Sigmond Freud noted , most people simply look for facts which justify their own narratives .
Why else would the democrats be throwing money at " homeowners " even though the government is broke especially because of the recent bailouts .
My prediction is that Americans will have to pay down the road via social security cuts , or something else , but most of my friends do n't believe that since they believe in free lunches .
Professor
Posted by Dr. CP Miller on 2008-09-23 00:53:17 Liberals ( Democrat / Socialists ) and Islamic extremists must be removed from the Earth .
Posted by Ped O - Bear on 2008-09-23 07:59:29
Of course Liberals think ( only ) for themselves !
All you have to do to be liberal is think of how much you can get away with and not have to take responsibility for it .
Do n't you ever get tired ....?
Posted by David on 2008-09-23 08:05:50
Do n't you all ever get tired of wasting your time with this back and forth BS .... conservatives hate liberals ... liberals hate conservatives ... blah blah blah blah blah double blah .... my blah is bigger than your blah .... yea ... well your blah is so stupid blah blah blah WTF
Posted by WTF on 2008-09-23 08:14:59
I really do not understand people these days .
Mr Bob :
So , are you suggesting that since Al Gore is not doing EVERYTHING he could be doing , that this somehow excuses YOUR carbon footprint ?
Please ponder Matthew 7:5 and stop using Al Gore 's " bad habits " to justify your own .
Al Gore will have to answer for his " sins " ... and you sir , will have to answer for yours .
Maybe you should spend more time trying to better yourself , and less time tearing down what efforts others do make .
Professor : Please , PLEASE tell me where you are a " professor " .
My child will be entering college next year , and I want to insure that she is no where near your type of thinking .
Sorry to be all " Goodwin " on you , but jesus pete , you sound like a Nazi .
Ped O - Bear : I do not think that the " liberals " have the market cornered on being selfish pr*cks .
The behavior you describe " think of how much you can get away with and not have to take responsibility for it " is not limited to " liberals " .
We have a whole administration just FULL of selfish people .
It Figures
Posted by jtrahan63 on 2008-09-23 08:46:11
This is great !
The posts above that come from obvious conservatives do nothing but reinforce the article 's contention that conservatives become more stupid when presented with FACTS .
Not a single response addressed the contentions of the article .
I have been posting on our local newspaper 's website , in the " opinions " section .
The more I present facts ( legislation from websites , quotes from speeches , etc. ) , the more the neo-cons attack ME , instead of addressing my facts .
I think it may be they are not using all of their brains .
They are only using their brain stem , like reptiles and Dick Cheney .
Posted by Gary on 2008-09-23 08:59:59
Given two world views , both of which can cite evidence for their truth , and given that there are complex arguments for each , everyone decides based on what they HOPE is true .
So ( where conservatives are concerned ) it comes down to whether you want to be the sort of person who HOPES that the world is full of evil enemies to justify your anger and paranoia , who HOPES that the rich are deserving and the poor are poor because they are lazy , who HOPES that war and more war is the answer , who HOPES that torture of suspected terrorists saves lives ..... I could go on , but you get the idea .
So it does n't come down to facts ( which are always debatable ) but to what sort of person you want to be .
And , in terms of the sort of people they are , conservatives are just MODERATE Nazis .
Call it a day
Posted by Kmuzu on 2008-09- 23 10:01:22
Can we just accept the majority of Republicans are as dumb as a bag of hammers ?
Most have no idea who their senators or representatives are , can not name the three branches of government nor find Iraq on a map .
Their children are being home schooled by halfwits and they think graduating from a good college makes you an elitist .
They 're a cornucopia of retards and that is that .
Posted by ehutch on 2008-09 - 23 10:48:37 whats surprising is that there are so many of these people .
in the mean time , things will just keep getting worse .
Look for broader trend
Posted by tedrick on 2008-09 - 23 11:43:19
I 'm a security guard and one of my coworkers is a conservative .
He 's not very smart , and I 'm not saying this to be inflammatory ... he just does n't understand or read anything about politics .
This does not prevent him from being very opinionated .
One day we were talking about truck beds and I mentioned the myth busters episode where they determine ( via , the scientific method ) that it 's more efficient to leave your tail gate up when you drive around .
It 's the golf ball effect where pockets of air move with the object and in turn create less friction ... or something like that .
He would n't have it !
Any mention of science repelled him .
I realized later that for a non-reader , any science based discoveries he was taking - in were probably word of mouth anecdotal things like whether or not your baby should sleep on its back or stomach .
No wonder science came off like a crazy devil .
It just can't compete with those stoic good ole boys who can keep their word for 30 years running while us readin ' folk are flippin ' our babies every five minutes !
I never tried to argue with this man because it would be painful .
He had this " back - fire " effect going on strong .
I stopped talking at all because anything i said would immediately be rejected .
Liberals seem to be getting more dogmatic and stupid these days too .
Bush bashing is too easy and you have to be rich to buy a Prius .
The black people i live around are violent and like to rob me and my roommates , shoot my friends and beg for money every chance they get cuz i live in the edge of hood but any criticism of black culture will send liberals into a tailspin of middle - school race - relation buzz words .
I guess compact fluorescents are taking the lime light right now and everyone is patting themselves on the back for having gone green .
My point being that you were so blinded by your rage in light of this potentially racist comment that you failed to rationally consider any validity that it held .
All ideological groups are susceptible to this .
In lefty world universal cause of immoral action is economic disparity .
You tell one group that the urban core is violent because they 're poor and people will wo n't react strongly one way or the other .
If you tell them that the urban core is violent and all people know the difference between right and wrong and that these violent decisions are a product of the the individual 's freewill ( a popular conservative approach to the problem ) , then they ( the liberal group ) will cling to the first approach more adamantly .
Any way this research is interesting .
I think you could conjure this " back - fire " effect from any group of people .
The challenge would be finding the issues that spark it .
Demonstrating the " back - fire " on different ideological groups would show a better understanding of the phenomenon .
This might also be media induced .
It would be hard to find a control group that had n't been exposed to thousands of hours of tv .
Al Gore and his sins put doubt in his presentation
Posted by Intelitary Milligence on 2008-09-23 11:52:10
Ask a scientist and they 'll tell you it 's climate change not warming .
Warming is for knee - jerkers .
Personally I say it's :
a top - down process : not you or me but all of us cause it
a top - down problem : not carbon dioxide here or there but a spread out heat trapping effect all over the world
a top - down solution : neither you nor me can fix it , we need to have corrupt oil people telling us to save energy and pay oil taxes just like we need corrupt bankers telling us we need to save them and their foreign bank friends
a top - down hat trick of doom so I say it 's bullshit Media Control
Posted by jtrahan63 on 2008-09-23 12:19:40
If those in charge of our society - politicians , corporate executives , and owners of press and television - can dominate our ideas , they will be secure in their power .
They will not need soldiers patrolling the streets .
We will control ourselves .
--- Howard Zinn ( Professor Emeritus in the Political Science Department at Boston University ) Worldview
Posted by Keith on 2008-09-23 22:52:28
Our political views are determined by our worldview .
If one sees the world in terms of competing forces then conservative ideas such as " free market " and " patriotism " have deeper meaning than they do for those who see the world as a community .
Fear of failure drives competition more than any desire for success .
Success as a nation , an economy , or a civilization is best achieved through co-operative efforts , but those who fear their own inadequacy when compared to others strive for " individual " success .
While they are usually the ones who attach themselves more firmly to icons of their alignments , it is their selfish desire to rise above others that drives them and they will turn on their own as fast as they will counter " others " .
Poverty and " real " physical need will drive this reaction in just about every individual , group or demographic sampling , but in the absence of " need " or stress , it is almost uniquely confined to the white race .
We seem genetically predisposed to competition , even when it hampers the success of the individual as part of the collective .
Conservatives resistant to reality .. what a shock !
Posted by Thomas Terry on 2008-09-23 23:42:50
Could you more effectively immunize a person against the pitfalls of reason using anything else but conservatism , isolationism , religion and patriotism ?
I think not ...
Whichever side is more stupid ...
Posted by john g on 2008 - 09 - 24 00:28:36 both sides are foolish for not following the constitution .
When talking to both sides , they both just do n't get it .
The constitution is beautiful and so simply written a child can understand it .
Simplicity is mark of a good engineer .
What 's the psychological reason some people want to control what other people do even if it effects no one but a consenting adult or adults ?
I say defense , they say preemptive strike .
I say no central bank , they say " we need it " .
I say freedom , they say intervention .
I say less government , they say more government .
to Keith
Posted by Toon on 2008-09-28 09:24:59
I agree with you mostly but until you bring up race .
Need and stress do drive the competitive urge and explain well the reason that working class whites are attracted to the conservative message .
And the explanation fails as you move up the economic ladder .
But it fails to explain that kind of behavior for the rich in every country no matter their racial background .
Headwing not left or right
Posted by drrichbiz on 2008-09 - 28 21:30:57
Yes there are " stiff " thinkers on either side of spectrum .
The conservatives have knee - jerked against human - caused global warming and alternative energy , despite evidence from NASA , and NOAA and others researchers that surely deserves some respect .
Republicans should have at least should have backed alternative energy as away to take down dictatorships -- instead they laid down for big oil .
The liberals meanwhile have kneejerked about corruption in our society -- spreading that lie that any ole kind of sex is great -- there are no morals .
Anal penetrating orgies are just fine , though aids is just a jerk away - - leaving all the kids , spouses and relatives with a lousy situation .
Our entertainment culture is dominated by a race to the bottom , butt bottom .
Instead of keeping time - tested morals we want to experiment with morals we call " new " .
The 60s are 50 years old and no , hippy sex and drugs did not work --- it brought only misery , misfortune , broken families , and death .
Actually if you follow " liberationist " trends you are back to old - fashioned virtues like monogamy and chastity that respect everybody .
A lot of " new " morality is a smokescreen for rape and spread of STDs .
One of the problems with prostitutes in the age of the Egyptians and the sea ports of the ancient world was their tendency to use infanticide as a birth control method -- this means killing newborn babies to lessen their responsibilities so they could continue their occupation .
The ancient greek town of Corinth , a sea port , had all the corruption of modern day , including drugs of choice and all manner of sexuality .
So all what we have today is not " new " .
Remember the debate about welfare to work a few years ago .
The liberals were all up in arms about how people would die if their welfare checks had conditions of moving toward employment on them .
Well it never happened but we never heard the followup on that story in the media .
Rather many people on welfare did have to go to work --- and gained back their self respect .
At the same time the conservatives sold us out on alternative energy development to big oil .
Bush could have held up a cfc light bulb , urged victory vegetable gardens and bicycles , but instead he told us to go shopping .
Bush was telling us to do the trillion dollar corporate welfare deal which Paulson wanted .
Luckily some Republicans stepped in to get a better deal and present a better alternative so we might have something decent coming out on Monday .
The Democrats were ready to roll with the first version .
So sometimes its good to be " stiff " .
Like balancing the budget .
Getting a better deal , etc .
We should have held back on Bush 's rush to invade Iraq .
Many knowledgeable people told him to wait .
But he was stubborn and arrogant , plus Sadam had threatened his dad awhile back so Bush wanted to rush in .
We shocked and awe for a few days , invaded , Bush did his victory show on the big boat , and then all hell broke loose and caught him and Rumsfield looking like dumb cusses .
Plus for the next three years that war was fought with the idea of handing it off and getting out quick ---- an impossible orientation to secure a country .
Finally we are working with CLEAR , HOLD , and BUILD ---- called " surge " by the dumb schmucks who did not want to admit they were wrong for three years ---- which worked which libs and Barack does n't want to ADMIT .
Libs stubborn ?
yeah cons stubborn ?
yeah HEADWING ONLY WAY IN THIS AGE cant we all get along
Posted by Lost and Found on 2010- 12-28 19:41:54
Just another sham of a supposed study by biased types to prop themselves up to their already fawning crowd ....
Be not Liberal or Conservative , I say , be a man , or woman and do whats right and stay the heck out of everybodies business and min d your own ..
Libertarian or Constitutionalists is the best ideas around , but to many are Sheep and follow the crowd .
You to can be a nonconformist , all you have to do is talk like us , dress like us and be like us .
LOL Ethics Professor
Posted by Lynette Wood on 2010 - 12-29 06:07:25
Dear can't we all get along , Your argument might be more persuasive if your spelling was better .
Why do you say it 's a sham of a proposed study ?
Do you have any research or facts to base those comments on ?
I am afraid that you are demonstrating what the study said , close mindedness .
Sad. Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
August 6 , 2008
Nuclear Waste
Yucca Mountain To Cost $ 96 Billion
DOE 's cost projection for life cycle of nuclear waste site jumps sharply
The cost of the proposed Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository in Nevada has grown to a projected $ 96.2 billion over its lifetime , according to a revised estimate released by the Department of Energy on Aug .
5 .
Taking inflation into account , the price tag increased by 67 % over DOE 's 2001 estimate of $ 57.5 billion .
The total system life cycle cost estimate , updated to 2007 dollars , includes the cost to research , construct , and operate the Yucca Mountain facility for 150 years , from the beginning of the program in 1983 through closure and decommissioning in 2133 .
" This increased cost estimate is reasonable given inflation and the expected increase in the amount of spent nuclear fuel from existing reactors with license renewals , " says Ward Sproat , director of DOE 's Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste .
The updated estimate reflects a 30 % increase in the amount of commercial spent nuclear fuel to be disposed of in the repository , from a 2000 estimate of 83,800 metric tons to a 2007 estimate of 109,300 metric tons , according to DOE .
The increased volume would extend the transportation period by 16 years and the emplacement period by 25 years .
The larger amount of spent nuclear fuel is a result of existing and anticipated license renewals at operating nuclear power plants throughout the U.S. , DOE says .
Part 1 in an 8 - Part Exclusive WebEcoist Series on How to Go Green
Image via photocapy
As noted in the introductory article to this series , life is a learning experiment .
“ Going green ” provides endless opportunity for exploration , education and fun .
From clever household hacks to awesome tech tips , this series aims to provide practical , politics - free , simple steps for living a more sustainable lifestyle .
The first step : Reduce , Reuse , Recycle
The original slogan for the modern treehugger still applies .
Amazing technological developments are exciting , but it ’s the day - to - day actions , and the habits you cultivate , that matter most .
When you change your thinking , you change your life .
Adapting to a greener lifestyle is worth it for all kinds of reasons and it ’s not all about the planet .
Green habits often save you money and improve your health and life , as well .
How to change your thinking ?
Simply start practicing some mindful observance of your routines , purchases , and other aspects of your lifestyle .
It ’s a good idea to keep a “ lifestyle journal ” for a week where you note the following major areas where it ’s easy to go greener :
– Amount and type of meals eaten out of the home
– Grocery shopping habits ( what , how much , where )
– Commute
– Type of vehicle you drive
– Size of family
– Home carbon footprint ( use a calculator )
– Travel ( type , how often , how far )
– Where you buy your clothes , electronics , and furniture
– What kinds of cleaning products and personal care products you use
– Any existing environmentally - aware habits : biking , recycling , using energy - efficient lights , a canvas grocery sack , carbon offsets when you fly , and so forth .
Once you have a better determination of your lifestyle , it is easy to begin “ tweaking ” every day actions .
And that starts with being aware of how much and what you consume – and what you do with things after you ’re done using them .
Reduce , Reuse , Recycle is a very easy method for integrating actions and awareness .
Some starting tips :
Simple Tips to Reduce
Image via lanuiop
1 . Did you know 1/3 of food goes to waste ?
( Some say half ! )
The first thing you can do is reduce your food waste .
Keep better track of grocery shopping – here ’s another place where a journal will help .
2 . Buy higher - quality clothing in seasonal cycles rather than trendy , cheap clothing several times a month .
Example : buy one good coat this year ; a good wallet next year .
Aim for purchases that may be a bit more up front but will end up saving you cash in the long run because they will last you a lifetime .
3 . Most entrees at restaurants are big enough for two .
Save money and prevent food waste by splitting meals ( warning : do this with close pals only or you may get accused of being cheap ! ) .
Brown bag your lunches , too .
4 . Force yourself to always wait one day on non-essential purchases in order to avoid impulse buys .
5 . Order online or direct from companies rather than driving to a store .
This helps reduce fuel and energy waste at many points along the production - consumption chain .
6 . Look for ways to go digital to reduce waste : books , magazines , music , and movies .
7 . Keep your car longer .
Instead of a 2 - year lease , finance a car with a 5 - year loan and keep it for 10 .
8. Reserve one day for your shopping and errands instead of making multiple trips all the time .
9. Carpool as often as you can or ask your boss if you can telecommute .
10 .
Become a zealot about turning things off : the water , the lights , the electronics .
Simple Tips to Reuse
Image via Bike Furniture
1. Buy vintage everything .
From electronics to furniture to fashion , vintage is the most eco-friendly choice you can make .
2 . For vintage furniture and electronics , try Craigslist , Amazon and eBay .
You ’ll save the earth ’s resources … and your own .
3 . Check out garage sales and estate sales , too .
4 . Try community barter trading sites like Freecycle and Ecoflip .
5 . Wash and save glass jars for handy use as storage , vases , and food leftover containers .
6 . Use cloth napkins and towels instead of disposable ones .
7 . Use old t- shirts for yardwork and vehicle cleaning tasks .
Try to find a use for everything you ’d normally throw away .
You can get pretty creative !
There are dozens of things you can reuse .
8. Reuse paper .
Printer misprints make great to - do - list scratch paper .
9 . Shoe boxes and yogurt containers can be turned into herb planters , file storage and more .
10 .
Check out this helpful list for more ways to reuse household items .
Simple Tips to Recycle
Image via SoylentGreen23
1. Recycle all glass , metal , paper , and plastic .
2. Compost everything – a lot more than food can go into the compost bucket .
By recycling the basics and composting , you will drastically reduce your waste .
3. “ Recycle ” things you do n’t want anymore by donating them – old toys , clothes , furniture , decor , games , movies , books , and tools .
4. Recycle paint , motor oil and other toxic household cleaning supplies .
5. Recycle batteries .
6. Recycle every type of plastic .
7. Recycle your electronics for cash .
8. Recycle your computer .
9 . Recycle your cell phone .
10 .
You can even recycle your car .
GHOTI and tchoghs may not immediately strike readers as staples of the British diet ; and even those most enamoured of written English 's idiosyncrasies may wince at this tendentious rendering of “ fish and chips ” .
Yet the spelling , easily derived from other words * , highlights the shortcomings of English orthography .
This has long bamboozled foreigners and natives alike , and may underlie the national test results released on August 12th which revealed that almost a third of English 14 - year - olds cannot read properly .
One solution , suggested recently by Ken Smith of the Buckinghamshire New University , is to accept the most common misspellings as variants rather than correct them .
Mr Smith is too tolerant , but he is right that something needs to change .
Due partly to its mixed Germanic and Latin origins , English spelling is strikingly inconsistent .
Three things have exacerbated this confusion .
The Great Vowel Shift in the 15th and 16th centuries altered the pronunciation of many words but left their spelling unchanged ; and as Masha Bell , an independent literacy researcher , notes , the 15th - century advent of printing presses initially staffed by non-English speakers helped to magnify the muddle .
Second , misguided attempts to align English spelling with ( often imagined ) Latin roots ( debt and debitum ; island and insula ) led to the introduction of superfluous “ silent ” letters .
Third , despite interest in spelling among figures as diverse as Benjamin Franklin , Prince Philip and the Mormons , English has never , unlike Spanish , Italian and French , had a central regulatory authority capable of overseeing standardisation .
Yet as various countries have found , identifying a problem and solving it are different matters : spelling arouses surprising passions .
Residents in Cologne once called the police after a hairdresser put up a sign advertising Haarflege , rather than the correct Haarpflege ( hair care ) .
Measures to simplify German spelling were rejected by newspapers such as the Frankfurter Allgemeine , and defeated in a referendum in Schleswig - Holstein ( though later endorsed by its legislature ) .
A similar fate befell the Dutch , when opponents of the government 's 1996 Green Book on spelling ( Groene Boekje ) released a rival Witte Boekje .
French reforms in the 1990s did n't get off the runway , despite being presented as mere “ rectifications ” , and attempts this year to bring European and Brazilian Portuguese into line were denounced in Portugal as capitulation to its powerful ex-colony .
There are linguistic reasons too why spelling reform is tricky to undertake .
Written language is more than a phonetic version of its spoken cousin : it contains etymological and morphological clues to meaning too .
So although spelling English more phonetically might make it easier to read , it might also make it harder to understand .
Moreover , as Mari Jones of Cambridge University points out , differences in regional pronunciation mean that introducing a “ phonetic ” spelling of English would benefit only people from the region whose pronunciation was chosen as the accepted norm .
And , she adds , it would need continual updating to accommodate any subsequent changes in pronunciation .
Yes despite these concerns , some changes are worth considering ; it takes more than twice as long to learn to read English as it does to read most other west European languages , according to a 2003 study led by Philip Seymour of Dundee University .
Standardising rules on doubled consonants — now more or less bereft of logic — would be a start .
Removing erroneous silent letters would also help .
And as George Bernard Shaw observed , suppressing superfluous letters will in time reduce the waste of resources and trees .
In an era of global warming , that is not to be sniffed at .
* Fish : gh as in tough , o as in women , ti as in nation ( courtesy of GB Shaw ) .
Chips : tch as in match , o as in women , gh as in hiccough .
If the next two weeks fail to produce yet another astonishing change , we are on the verge of an Obama landslide that will also produce a Democratic landslide in the congressional elections .
This will be not merely an electoral event but a watershed election , one of the infrequent but profoundly altering basic changes in American political history .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Be patient , please .
I am a history professor and this is an historical analysis , a useful terrain few journalists explore .
The resemblance of 2008 to the 1932 election is almost eerie .
President Herbert Hoover , a true believer in laissez faire capitalism , had presided with almost complete passivity over the ever - deepening depression triggered by the 1929 stock market crash ( when the Dow lost 87 per cent of its worth ) , and the ensuing industrial and banking catastrophe .
Hoover had been preceded by 70 years of Republican hegemony , decades of wildfire capitalist development coursing along boom and bust cycles .
Government had stayed clear of regulation while also handing out land and other resources to the private sector .
The occasional Democratic president had played variations on Republican themes .
1932 changed everything .
Franklin Roosevelt , a good - looking , pragmatic and centrist political figure swept to victory on the most vague of platforms .
However , when he took power , he initiated the New Deal , massive government intervention in the financial sector of the economy , with macro-economic projects for the unemployed .
Actually , the New Deal never ended the depression , but it gave people hope .
Previous age of liberalism
Also during the 1930s , John Maynard Keynes , an internationally influential British economist , developed a full theory of government intervention in the economy , including deficit financing during economic bad times and tight regulation of banking and finance .
Whether this should be considered socialism or state capitalism is a matter of argument .
The usual term applied was a " mixed economy . "
The ideology was " liberalism . "
This political period lasted until either 1968 or 1980 , depending on how you look at it .
When the Republicans returned to power in 1952 , after 20 years in the wilderness , the Eisenhower administration endorsed rather than reversed Democratic governance using an economically engaged state .
And then the Kennedy / Johnson years saw a revitalization of the activist state , with a serious War on Poverty producing a plethora of new federal institutions .
Unfortunately , Lyndon Johnson sank his popularity with a shooting war in Asia , and anger with him and the Democrats produced Richard Nixon in 1968 .
While Nixon did not reverse every element of the Johnson policies , he ran against Washington and set the political ground for a reversal of the state interventionist policies that had been dominant since 1932 .
Reagan and his Democrats
It was the election of Ronald Reagan in 1980 , however , that proved to be the political and economic watershed .
The state was the problem not the solution , Reagan urged with his actor 's reassuring shuck and smile .
The Republicans reversed the whole New Deal mentality , the belief in state action that had characterized American political life for nearly 50 years .
Liberalism became a curse word ; deregulation was going to free the marketplace to perform wonders of wealth - creation never seen before .
Taxes were slashed for the very rich and for corporations .
Wealth was redistributed upwards , reaching back to the salad days of the 1890s and the 1920s .
Bill Clinton signed on to this program , killing many more financial regulations and creating the housing program that has led to the current catastrophe .
He was a Reagan Democrat , proving the hegemony of the Republican New Order .
Until the financial crisis that is now about a month old -- although it feels like a decade -- it had been unclear what the meaning would be of an Obama election .
Clearly people are sick and tired of W , clearly McCain is a weak candidate , but Obama seems to be an instinctive centrist politician planning to reach across the aisle to introduce moderate reforms .
The coming veer to the left
It is the economic crisis that will make 2008 another watershed election .
Circumstances will drive Obama and the Democratic congress to the left .
An interventionist state is returning with a rush ; Reaganite , anti-state , deregulated capitalism , it is now clear , is a catastrophe and a dead letter .
A new era has begun .
This time the Republicans have adapted to the economic and political sea change even before they have left office .
In dire straits , somewhat reluctantly following the British lead , the Goldman Sachs element of finance capitalism that runs the W. treasury has signed on to massive state intervention , and a bewildered Congress agreed .
Henry Paulson et al are of course saving themselves through state intervention -- Keyensianism in the foxhole -- but such rapid reformulation of their self - interest proves my point .
Therefore when the Obama administration deepens this new departure , many influential elements of the Republican Party will not be able to rail against the state as the enemy and the Democrats as high spending state activists .
Conservatives for Obama
When Republican warhorses like George Will , Christopher Buckley , Colin Powell and the Chicago Tribune ( for the first time in its 157 year history ) endorse Obama , you can measure the depths of this adaptation to the emerging new political economy .
Moreover , unlike during the Great Depression , the world 's major economies have all responded in coordinated fashion to the crisis in financial capitalism .
Under European leadership , during the next year or two , we will see the development of an international system of financial regulation to respond to the ever - increasing internationalization of capitalism .
None of this was even vaguely plausible a month ago .
Gordon Brown , who had presided over reckless British deregulation for a decade as Finance minister , suddenly rediscovered and enacted Keynesian interventionism .
Along with Nicholas Sarkozy , the conservative French leader , Europeans are leading the charge for what the French president calls a New Capitalism .
Bush , however reluctantly , is following along and will soon convene the first conference in the international reorganization of capitalism that will take months or years to institutionalize .
The meaning of ' change '
Barack Obama will preside over this change , and he will raise the taxes of the rich , punish a whole raft of corporate thieves , and begin a true national health care system .
This will not be another Clintonian endorsement of Reaganism but a reversal of its premises and policies .
As for the Republicans , they will either follow the lead of the current shift in thinking and action initiated by the dying W. regime or they will regroup rightwards in reaction against the new internationalism that they will define as treason to American sovereignty and American world domination .
With a charismatic leader -- NOT Sarah Palin -- they could become an even more dangerous assault army attacking the new political order that has just begun to emerge .
The alternative and more likely scenario , if history is any guide , is that Republicans will continue to seek the new centre , which has just jolted to the left .
We certainly live in amazing times .
I am awe - struck by the suddenness of this fundamental economic and political re-orientation .
And I am reassured by memories of what my father told me , that the depression he lived through was a very creative and exciting as well as dislocating and disheartening human experience .
The next few years are likely to produce a deep recession , but the mechanisms for combating it are already being mobilized .
In that sense the world 's leaders have indeed learned from history that we are all in this together and that the people who play with our money need to be watched like hawks .
Barack Obama never has articulated exactly what he means by Change .
History is doing it for him .
Related
Tyee stories :
" The Annotated Fuld " is temporary blog to support the sale of my painting of Lehman Brothers CEO Richard S. Fuld , Jr. You may contact me with questions or a bid for the painting at gvraymond@gmail.com .
Here is a photo of me and Jen at the venue of August 9 .
There was nothing wrong with my camera ... it was just that hazy / humid .
A Metrolink engineer sent a text message from his cellphone 22 seconds before he collided with an oncoming freight train in an accident that killed 25 people last month , according to preliminary information released Wednesday by federal authorities .
Engineer Robert M. Sanchez sent the message at 4:22 p.m. , just before he slammed into the Union Pacific train Sept. 12 in Chatsworth , the National Transportation Safety Board said in a statement .
He also received a message about a minute earlier , the agency said .
In all , Sanchez received or sent 57 text messages while on duty the day of the catastrophic collision .
The findings fill in key gaps regarding the moments before the crash and indicate that Sanchez was conscious and feeling well enough to text , even though the practice is strictly prohibited by Metrolink policy .
Advertisement
Officials did n’t say whom Sanchez was messaging .
A Metrolink official said an engineer on another commuter rail train was suspended for sending text messages about the time of the crash .
The safety board cautioned that additional research was necessary to develop a more complete picture .
Determination of “ the precise timing and correlation of these events is still underway , ” the NTSB said .
Two USC academics said Wednesday that judging by what is known about the train ’s speed after it left the Chatsworth station , the last text message would have been sent shortly after Sanchez passed a signal that should have warned him of the freight train .
But it remains to be conclusively determined whether Sanchez had left the station when he sent that message and how close he was to the point of impact .
Advertisement
NTSB spokesman Terry Williams said Wednesday that the agency would not comment beyond the preliminary information in the statement .
Rail experts said they were alarmed that Sanchez was operating his cellphone along a critical segment of the train ’s downtown L.A. - to- Ventura County run .
The area , a mile north of the Chatsworth station , is where Metrolink trains must regularly stop so freight trains can pull off the main track onto a siding .
“ For me , it just gives me heart palpitations thinking about it , ” said Tim Smith , a former train engineer and California chairman of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen , the union that represented Sanchez .
“ The last thing you want to be doing is something that takes your eyes off the road . ”
Sanchez ’s brother , John , said he is still waiting for the NTSB and Metrolink to finish probing whether faulty safety equipment or interference with radio and cellphone communications contributed to the crash .
He said the agency seemed more interested in trying to “ reinforce what they ’ve said in the past two weeks . ”
Advertisement
Federal investigators said Sanchez was supposed to stop at a red signal just before a switch mechanism intended to guide the Union Pacific train onto the sidetrack .
Instead , Sanchez barreled over the switch at 42 mph , bending it badly , before slamming into the southbound train on a sharp curve about a quarter - mile farther , according to federal investigators .
They said Sanchez never hit his brakes .
The safety board said Wednesday that it was continuing to pore over other records at the agency laboratory in Washington , D.C. , including computer data from the signal system and the Metrolink train ’s recorder boxes , which will be synchronized with the times of the text messages .
The data recorder information is critical , experts said , because it will allow investigators to pinpoint the train ’s location at different moments and show where Sanchez revved up and throttled down his engine .
Advertisement
Investigators have not said whether they think the text messages played any role in the crash or affected Sanchez ’s ability to operate the train .
But the two USC academics calculated for The Times what may have happened just before the crash .
Using the NTSB figures that Sanchez ’s train was traveling 42 mph in the area from the red signal to the collision point and correlating the times of his text messaging , Najmedin Meshkati , a USC engineering professor and veteran transportation safety expert , estimated that the last text message would have been sent about five seconds after Sanchez sped past the signal .
Gokhan Esirgen , laboratory director for instructional physics at USC , also calculated that Sanchez would have sent the last message just after the light .
He believes this timetable provided little or no time for Sanchez to react after he saw the oncoming train .
Even if Sanchez was n’t sending a text message at the exact moment of the crash , he may have had “ inattention blindness , ” said David Strayer , a University of Utah psychology professor who ’s studied cellphone use ’s effect on motorists .
Advertisement
“ If you ’re busy text messaging and you ’re taking a minute or so to key in a message , you ’re obviously not going to see the things that go by when you ’re looking at the keyboard and screen , ” said Strayer , adding that it often takes motorists five to 10 seconds to readjust their focus to the road .
The NTSB subpoenaed Sanchez ’s phone records after CBS radio and TV affiliates in L.A. reported that he had been exchanging text messages with teenage rail fans seconds before the crash .
Sanchez sent 24 texts and received 21 while operating the train on his morning shift and sent five and got seven messages in the approximately 80 minutes he was responsible for train No. 111 from 3:03 p.m. until the crash at 4:22 p.m. , according to the NTSB .
Metrolink board member Richard Katz said the agency ’s directors have been advised by staff that the second engineer who was suspended had been text messaging “ at the same time ” as Sanchez ’s accident .
He said Metrolink has n’t obtained detailed records of the text messaging histories of the two engineers , “ but one theory that is being examined is they were texting each other . ”
Advertisement
A spokeswoman for Veolia Transportation , which employs all Metrolink engineers , said the firm could not comment on personnel matters but noted that it has a clear policy that prohibits engineers from even possessing a cellphone while operating a train .
Smith , of the engineers union , said he suspects freight and commuter railroad systems have “ kind of been looking the other way ” on cellphone use in locomotives .
He said wireless phones provide an additional means of communication between train operators and dispatchers , who can be “ bombarded ” with radio traffic .
In the wake of the crash , the U.S. Senate on Wednesday overwhelmingly approved sweeping new rail safety rules , which would require installation , by 2015 , of technology that can stop passenger trains headed toward a collision .
The legislation would also put a cap on the hours that freight railroad crews can work .
--
Advertisement
robert.lopez@latimes.com
rich.connell@latimes.com
steve.hymon@latimes.com
Times staff writer Molly Hennessey - Fiske contributed to this report .
A team of researchers at the Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya ( UPC ) has designed the first chip manufactured completely in Spain that will be used to measure the wind on Mars .
This chip is the key piece of the anemometer on a weather monitoring station run by Spanish scientists for NASA ’s Mars Science Laboratory ( MSL ) rover , whose launch is planned for fall 2009 .
The MSL rover , a robotised vehicle , will determine whether Mars is or has been able to support any kind of life .
Among the instruments it contains are the Rover Environment Monitoring Station ( REMS ) , which will measure air and ground temperature , atmospheric pressure , ultraviolet radiation and humidity , in addition to the speed and direction of the wind measured by the chip designed by the Spanish engineers .
The details on this scientific contribution were recently published in the journal Planetary and Space Science .
Luis Castañer , coordinator of the Micro and Nano Technologies Research Group at the UPC which developed the piece , tells SINC that this chip “ is more efficient in terms of energy than those previously developed , and silicon technology is being used for the first time for this application in space ” .
Each silicon chip is 1.5 millimetres thick and includes three temperature - sensitive platinum components :
One measures the temperature of the chip , the second heats it to some 25 ºC above ambient temperature and the third controls the characteristics of the wind sensor .
The chip also carries the names of its creators .
Hot wire anemometry was the principle used by the engineers to measure the wind .
Castañer , a founding member of the Royal Spanish Academy of Engineering ( RAI ) , notes that wind had traditionally been measured by a technique in which a wire was heated and then the air cooled it , varying its temperature .
This made it possible to establish a relationship with the speed of the air flow .
“ In the case of the chip , the hot point is not a wire , but instead a piece of silicon heated by a fine film that covers it and acts as the resistance to heat ” , he says .
The Micro and Nano Technologies Research Group ( MNT ) has patented a system that makes it possible to calculate the magnitude of the wind and its direction on a plane using four chips on a plate on that same plane , while at the same time taking the ambient temperature as a reference .
The temperature is measured by a fifth chip , identical to the other four .
Wind speed can be measured in 2D with this methodology , but the speed in 3D can be deduced by using as many plates as necessary .
The REMS weather monitoring station uses 6 wind sensors , with 5 silicon chips each , located on the ends of two booms and separated by an angle of 120° .
The chips were manufactured at the MNT group ’s Laboratorio de la Sala Blanca , which counts on collaboration from the Centro de Astrobiología ( CAB , the joint centre of the Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial and the Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas ) , EADS Astrium Crisa ( the company in charge of the industrial assembly of the station ) and the Centro Nacional de Microelectrónica in Barcelona .
Some tests were carried out in the wind tunnel at the University of Aarhus ( Denmark ) .
The first principal researcher of the REMS project was Professor Luis Vázquez from the Complutense University of Madrid .
This year , aeronautic engineer Javier Gómez Elvira from CAB , the centre responsible for the Martian weather monitoring station , as well as its principal contractor , took over .
The station has already incorporated the MSL rover , and is currently verifying its instruments under the supervision of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California ( USA ) so as to have everything ready in the fall of 2009 when its launch is planned .
The MSL will carry out four types of research .
First , it will study the biological potential of the environment , taking inventory of the chemical elements required for life and detecting the presence of organic compounds .
It will also classify the geology and geo-chemical makeup of the region , analysing the composition of the planet ’s surface and interpreting the processes that have formed and modified its rocks .
The rover ’s instruments will also be used to investigate surface radiation and some atmospheric processes - such as those that involve water - that may be relevant in determining if living beings could have existed on the red planet in the past .
Around 2,000 people marked the end of drinking on the London Underground with an initially good - natured gathering across the network .
But police later complained of disorderly behaviour .
Revellers swigged champagne , beer , spirits and cocktails ahead of the ban which came into force at midnight .
Many people celebrating the last night of legitimate drinking met at Liverpool Street Station 's west - bound Circle Line platform at about 2030 BST .
The celebrations - like these - were largely good - natured .
But other incidents got out of hand with police making 17 arrests .
Seven assaults were reported on Underground staff .
The Underground station at Liverpool Street was closed because of overcrowding .
Revellers unable to take the train staged an impromptu party on the concourse instead .
The party , dubbed the Last Round on the Underground , was organised via social networking and other internet sites .
Most people simply had a good time .
By the end of the evening however , police said the event had been marred by instances of irresponsible and drunken behaviour .
Police said there were " multiple instances of trains being damaged " .
A spokesman said : " This was an unfortunate end to what should have been a fun event " .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
ROVE SAYS MCCAIN HAS GONE ‘ ONE STEP TOO FAR ’….
Karl
Rove was reluctant to say it , and he tried really hard not to say it , but he conceded on Fox News this morning that John McCain ’s ads are n’t exactly accurate .
Here ’s the clip , by way of the Jed Report , of Rove pontificating on “ Fox News Sunday ” earlier today .
I did n’t watch the interview , and in context , I suspect Rove had just finished accusing the Obama campaign of some kind of dishonesty .
But host Chris Wallace asked , “ All right , for fair game , what does McCain do that goes one step too far ? ”
Rove responded , “ McCain has similarly gone one step too far , attributing to Obama things that are , you know , beyond the 100 % truth test . ”
It did n’t take long for the Obama campaign to issue a response : “ In case anyone was still wondering whether John McCain is running the sleaziest , most dishonest campaign in history , today Karl Rove — the man who held the previous record — said McCain ’s ads have gone too far . ”
No doubt coming soon to an ad near you .
We asked , earlier this week , if " editors are ' retards ' and servants to Arianna " Huffington , subject of an all - too - squishy New Yorker profile this week .
After hearing from still more Huffington Post insiders , it would seem the answer is a resounding " yes . "
And an obvious " yes " to those who have come to appreciate that the ambitious divorcée draws few boundaries between her own professional and personal lives , working manically , phoning and emailing editors in the middle of the night , obsessively arranging the order of stories on HuffPo's front page and in its various sections , and hollering at her staff over an intercom in her Brentwood mansion even while she has her nails done .
The only clear line , it seems , is between the smart , charming image Huffington projects to her celebrity friends and the world at large and the rather nastier and more careless Arianna seen inside HuffPo .
On the strength of its left - leaning political coverage , the Huffington Post has become a breakaway success , with more traffic than Drudge and more inbound links than TechCrunch .
But advertisers hate politics , Arianna 's favored and strongest topic , so the site is trying to diversify .
As it does so , Arianna 's skills — and flaws — as a manager will become more visible and more important .
Why does Huffington push herself to the point where , as both the recent New Yorker profile and those who have worked with her made clear , she has few , if any , serious friends outside of HuffPo ?
Why is she focused on her project to the point where associates wonder when she could find time for an affair with Cory Booker , as was bizarrely ( in their eyes ) rumored ?
There is speculation as to the reasons .
Bipolar disorder , perhaps ?
( There is no known evidence , only the guesses of laymen . )
Or maybe Huffington 's priorities come from the teachings of the cultish Movement of Spiritual Inner Awareness , with which she has long been involved , for which her frequent contributor Russell Bishop launched a lucrative series of corporate " Insight " courses , and to which her live - in sister Agapi is said to be an especially fervent devotee ?
Or perhaps Huffington is driven simply by ego .
Within her publication it is understood , after all , that videos of her own media appearances are to be posted posthaste , top priority .
The cost of Huffington 's poorly bounded ambitions are not born by her alone but also by her beleaguered staff , including aspiring journalists who until recently were hired , some claim , with no knowledge whatsoever they would take on some of the duties of administrative assistants or household servants .
Duties like :
taking heavily accented email dictation ,
arranging haircuts or troubleshooting BlackBerrys for Huffington 's daughters ,
fetching lunch or coffee ,
or writing talking points for Huffington 's television appearances .
There are far worse jobs , to be sure , than editor and part - time admin for one of the top sites on the internet .
But a great many of those who have worked with Huffington seem bruised , and compelled to talk about — vent about — their experiences and those of others .
( And yes we , of all sites , should know this sort of thing when we see it . )
From their stories one can piece together a kind of coterie of miserable self - sacrifice .
Here are three members of that dubious clique :
The Passport Mule
Huffington is known for forgetfully leaving essential gear behind as she jots around the world , including , most frequently , between her Brentwood home office , HuffPo's New York office and the Mercer Hotel in SoHo .
The most infamous example of this , multiple sources said , occurred when Huffington , or more likely a carelessly - instructed housekeeper , neglected to pack Arianna 's passport for a trip from Brentwood .
Once in New York on the first leg , Huffington realized she needed the passport to enter Canada for a fast - approaching trip to Toronto .
There was no time .
An unnamed female HuffPo staffer was dispatched in the wee hours on a flight to New York .
She delivered the passport to the Mercer and was promptly placed on a return flight to Los Angeles , another 18 - hour day in the service of Arianna 's Vortex .
She may or may not have been treated to lunch in between !
Young Colin Sterling
Sterling became blog editor at the Huffington Post , and a top conduit between Arianna and the New York office , following the departure of two seasoned journalists , BBC's Elinor Shields and Rolling Stone 's Frank Wilkinson , who did not fit into the publishing culture Huffington had created .
Maybe Huffington could n't let go of the site and provide them sufficient autonomy , or maybe they just could n't mesh with Web publishing , it 's not clear .
( They each lasted at most a year . )
Today in his mid-20s , Sterling earned Huffington 's trust as a researcher for her out West .
By all accounts , his new job , with crushing demands from the very top , has taxed him .
Called upon to , say , cram together TV talking points on less than half an hour 's notice while riding herd over a massive , oddball stable of blog contributors , most of whom will be relegated to vertical sections far from the coveted front page , Sterling has been known to pound his desk with his fists and yell curses ( a simple " Fuck ! " being a favorite ) immediately after hanging up on a call from Arianna , an act guaranteed to be noticed in HuffPo's open - plan 15 - person Gotham newsroom .
Sterling is also , at times , short tempered with those underneath him :
The public yelling and cursing are not directed only at the Gods in the wake of Arianna 's calls , it seems .
His " nasty " temper has made enemies , one person said , and contributed to a " Lord of the Flies " atmosphere during the three or four weeks of each month Huffington is not in New York .
Other observers are much more sympathetic , but still concede his personality seems to have bent sharply to fit that of his loved and hated boss .
In fairness , it should be noted that Huffington is said to have her own short temper .
Though no one has been able to confirm that she called one editor a " retard " before he quit in protest , as we reported in our last HuffPo story , none doubted she would have said it , and some insiders said it would be in keeping with other nasty slights — calling people " fucking " liars , incompetents and worse .
Thanks to Arianna 's manic work schedule , hours never quite end at HuffPo for anyone on staff , by all accounts .
Fairly or not , Sterling seems to have become a bit of a poster child for the ill effects of that phenomenon .
Roy Sekoff
This is the man who , everyone seems to agree , writes Arianna 's blog posts , the ones she pledged would " never " be ghost written .
The process will be familiar to anyone who has similarly ghosted a column for an EIC : Huffington briefly sketches an idea , Sekoff ( or perhaps , on occasion , another editor ) researches it and puts it to words , and Huffington does a quick check prior to publication .
Sekoff also happens to be HuffPo's top , founding editor and Huffington 's right - hand man , based in Los Angeles .
A family man in his late 40s , he is described as not only older but more loyal than Huffington 's other editors , many of whom are in their 20s .
Thus eyebrows were arched when he gave this quote to the New Yorker , implying that Huffington is often unfamiliar with the topics she is called upon to discuss on television :
I 've literally seen her stand somewhere , look at a piece of research , and then - boom !- go on TV and , word for word , nail the three most important points and leave out everything else .
One wonders how often the research in question came from Sekoff himself , and if his quote to the New Yorker was n't a bit of subconscious revenge on Arianna for taking credit for so much of his own work .
If anyone has more information from inside the Huffington Post , for example on the clubby process of front - page story selection , or on the parade of editors through New York , we 'd love to hear from you .
And we 're not even sure we could stop you guys from writing in at this point if we wanted to .
“ I ’ve got an interesting little project for you , ” Simon ’s boss said as he stopped by Simon ’s cubicle .
He dropped a several - page document on desk and continued , “ take a look at this letter we just got from EBS .
We ’d better jump on this soon . ”
Dear Vendor ,
As I ’m sure you ’re aware , our primary focus at Enterprise Business Systems is to enable our clients to formulate key objectives through strategic initiatives to develop a comprehensive strategy that will provide the critical foundation for creating a proactive , synergy - driven directive for utilizing technological approaches to achieve cross- departmental -- snip --
As such , beginning October 1 , 1993 , all vendors must submit invoices electronically through EBS QuikBill™ , the latest in our suite of EDI products .
Invoices not received in this manner will be discounted 2 % and extended 60 - 90 days .
Please contact your procurement officer immediately to get set up with EBS QuikBill™ .
Sincerely , Accounts Payable Enterprise Business Systems
Although the October 1st deadline was over nine months away , Simon ’s company wanted to make sure that every kink was worked out long before the deadline passed .
After all , Enterprise Business Systems ( as I ’ll call them ) accounted for over 30 % of their revenue , and no one wanted any problems with that .
As the company ’s sole programmer , it was up to Simon to ensure that that the two company ’s systems could talk .
Training Day
According to the EBS procurement officer , the first thing Simon would have to do is become “ certified ” in QuikBill .
Apparently , this involved little more than attending a one - day class at the local EBS offices .
When Simon arrived at EBS , he was surprised to see how prepared they were .
The receptionist handed him a “ welcome kit ” that included a namebadge , an official EBS lanyard , and a thick binder labeled “ QuikBill 101 . ”
Simon was escorted to a medium - sized room with about fifty chairs facing a presentation screen .
There was also a buffet of breakfast foods with everything from premium flavored coffee to an assortment of breakfast sandwiches to a gigantic fruit tray to several dozen Krispy Kreme doughnuts .
Aside from that , the room was empty .
But that did n’t surprise Simon , as he was fifteen minutes early .
As nine o’clock approached , seven other people had shown up for the class , all of whom were EBS customers that had not only purchased QuikBill , but that were also paying dearly to attend the class .
More accurately , their employers paid dearly , but no one seemed to care about that ; after all , there was a colossal amount of breakfast foods just begging to be conquered .
At precisely 9:00 , the EBS trainer walked in and began his presentation .
“ Thank you all for coming , ” the presenter started enthusiastically , “ we ’ve actually got a pretty decent turnout today ! ”
“ I realize you ’re all excited to learn about QuikBill , ” said the presenter cheerfully and without even a hint of sarcasm , “ but it ’s pretty important to see how QuikBill fits in with our EDI suite . ”
“ As I ’m sure you ’re aware , ” the presenter spoke as he advanced the slide in the presentation , “ our primary focus at Enterprise Business Systems is to enable our clients to formulate key objectives through strategic initiatives to develop a comprehensive strategy that will provide the critical foundation for creating a proactive , synergy - driven directive for utilizing technological approaches to achieve cross-departmental … ”
It took all of two minutes for Simon to completely zone out .
While the several Krispy Kremes he had eaten earlier may have played some part in that , he primarily lost all desire to pay attention when he realized that the majority of the “ training ” was an incredibly long and drawn - out sales pitch for other EBS products and services .
The good news was that , after four torturous hours , it was time for their lunch break .
As impressive as breakfast was , lunch put it to shame .
EBS had brought in enough food to feed all eight attendees for a month , and had clearly spared no expense in preparing the food .
Shrimp , chicken , strip steak – you name it , it was probably on the lunch table .
Though QuikBill had n’t really discussed by the trainer yet , the entire group had already become evangelists : it was quite possibly the best training class ever for the best software ever produced by the best company ever .
By the time lunch ended , everyone was excited to talk about QuikBill briefly and wrap - up the day a little early .
“ I ’ve got a quick question for you , ” Simon asked the trainer during the Q&A session .
“ we ’re not using the full EBS suite , but we do need to integrate our systems … how might we go about doing that ? ”
“ Oh , ” the trainer responded , “ actually , all that API tech stuff is in the back of the binder . ”
That answer was quite possibly the only worthwhile bit of information Simon had gotten from the entire day .
But it was worth it : at least now he knew where to start .
Building the EBS Bridge
After flipping through the QuikBill implementation manual , Simon had a pretty good idea of how it worked .
The Windows - based “ QuikBill Client ” was an incredibly simple application that monitored a directory and processed whichever files were placed in that directory .
Processing involved nothing more than translating the file from their fixed - column format to EDIFACT , and then dialing the server ’s modem and uploading the EDIFACT - formatted file .
EDIFACT was ( and is today ) a widely - used industry standard for transmitting messages in a simple , text - based format between two parties .
It ’s like XML , except that it ’s actually useful on its own : the standard defines virtually every message type and format imaginable within the domain of Administration , Commerce , and Transportation .
The Invoice message ( INVOIC ) is just one of many .
However , since Simon ’s company ’s billing software was on Unix , he was n’t exactly able to run the QuikBill client .
Instead , he wrote a simple program that created an EDIFACT message that described their invoice and dialed in their server to upload the file .
Simon was somewhat surprised that it worked , and that the whole process had been incredibly simple .
They ’re Unix - based client was up and running several months before the deadline .
Simon ’s Bridge is Falling Down
Nearly a year had passed , and Simon ’s company and EBS had been exchanging invoice messages ( and most importantly , payments ) without any issue .
On an unrelated call to EBS , Simon just happened to mention that their billing system was Unix - based , and that they actually had built a simple Unix program to communicate with QuikBill .
“ Wait a minute , ” the EBS rep halted , “ did you say … Unix ?
With QuikBill ! ? ”
“ Err , yes , ” Simon responded , “ it ’s actually pretty simple , since you ’re really just converting to EDIFACT , I thought — ”
“ Whoa , whoa , whoa , ” he interrupted , “ did you say … EDIFACT ?!?!
You ca n’t use that ! ”
“ Well , I mean , ” Simon paused , not exactly sure how to respond , “ your technical manual showed exactly the EDIFACT format that the client uses , and it ’s an industry standard , so I just figured — ”
“ No !
You can ’t , ” the EBS rep was speechless , “ you ca n’t use EDIFACT !
That ’s for system - to - system communication only !
This is why we have the whole fixed - column text file to import !! ”
Simon timidly responded , “ but … we do n’t have Windows .
And if you ’re using EDIFACT on your en — ”
“ No , no , ” the EBS rep abruptly cut in , “ no … you can ’t … no , you just … no , we do n ’t… ugh !!!
Okay , this is a serious problem , I ca n’t talk about this now .
Look , we gotta get this resolved … I gotta go .
We ’ll… uhh , let you know . ”
Within the hour , EBS had completely locked out Simon ’s company ’s QuikBill account .
There was only one way for them to get their access back : an EBS “ integration engineer ” would have to certify their “ QuikBill integration solution . ”
And this time , EBS was n’t going to pay for it .
Fixing the Bridge
Within a week , an EBS “ integration engineer ” was flown out to Simon ’s company to “ monitor the development of and certify their solution . ”
What this meant was that Simon would be sharing his cubicle for a few days .
The EBS integration engineer was a pretty nice guy , but had about as much development , engineering , and integration experience as a chair .
It was a good fit as all the engineer did – to the tune of $ 200 / hr – was sit in the chair and read various magazines .
After about three days , Simon had finally developed a solution .
He set up a Windows server and modified the invoice exporter to create a file in their fixed - width format and then send it to the Windows server , which would allow the “ real ” QuikBill to convert the file to EDIFACT and send it to their server .
The integration engineer was satisfied with the solution , and EBS switched the system back on for them .
At the End of the Path
After a short while , the QuikBill debacle was quickly forgotten and everyone had gotten back to work .
In fact , a few years had passed since Simon last thought of it .
That is , until his trip to EBS ’s corporate office on the other side of the country .
On a tour of the offices , Simon got a chance to see how the accounts payable department worked .
When a QuikBill client sends a bill over the modem , the server translates the EDIFACT message to a fixed - column formatted file and saved to disk .
A printer then picks up the formatted file and prints the invoice on a form .
From there , an accounts payable clerk takes the form off the printer and types it in to their voucher system to be paid .
Well , Simon kept saying to himself , at least they pay so many of the bills .
Toyota introduced a new high end electric wheelchair concept , the new i-Real three - wheeled chair .
The i-REAL is a personal mobility vehicle that represents the next stage of Toyota ’s personal mobility vehicle development , following the PM , i-unit and i-swing .
The I - REAL uses three wheels ( two at the front and one at the back ) .
In normal driving conditions ( low speed ) its wheelbase shortens to allow it to maneuver naturally among pedestrians at similar eyesight height without taking up a large amount of space .
In high speed mode wheelbase lengthens to provide a lower centre of gravity and better driving performance .
Maximum speed of device is 20 mph ( 30 km / h ) .
Even if 20 mph is nothing when compared to car , it is outstanding when compared to today ’s electric wheelchair , mobility scooters and personal transporter Segway , whose top speed is still limited to 13 mph .
i- Real is controlled by two joysticks mounted at the end of the arm rests , making transporter easy to maneuver .
Joysticks fall to hand , controlling forward motion , braking and turning , and once the speeds increase seat tilts back to stabilize the mobility device .
Here is a short video of I - REAL , Toyota ’s concept wheel chair :
Device can be used at different speeds – you can travel alongside very slowly walking pedestrian and have a eye - to - eye conversation , or run it as full speed and be faster than a sprinter .
So with all the recent news about the Large Hadron Collider , many of you may have this nagging question : what , exactly , would happen if you stick your head in the particle accelerator ?
Well , actually , we know the answer to that because someone did stick his head into a particle accelerator .
Here 's the story of Anatoli Bugorski :
Bugorski , a 36 - year - old researcher at the Institute for High Energy Physics in Protvino , was checking a piece of accelerator equipment that had malfunctioned - as had , apparently , the several safety mechanisms .
Leaning over the piece of equipment , Bugorski stuck his head in the space through which the beam passes on its way from one part of the accelerator tube to the next and saw a flash brighter than a thousand suns .
He felt no pain .
From what we know about radiation , about 500 to 600 rads is enough to kill a person ( though we do n't know of anyone else who has been exposed to radiation in the form of a proton beam moving at about the speed of sound ) .
The left side of his face swollen beyond recognition , Bugorski was taken to a clinic in Moscow so that doctors could observe his death over the following two to three weeks .
Over the next few days , skin on the back of his head and on his face just next to his left nostril peeled away to reveal the path the beam had burned through the skin , the skull , and the brain tissue .
The inside of his head continued to burn away : all the nerves on the left were gone in two years , paralyzing that side of his face .
Still , not only did Bugorski not die , but he remained a normally functioning human being , capable even of continuing in science .
For the first dozen years , the only real evidence that something had gone neurologically awry were occasional petit mal seizures ; over the last few years Bugorski has also had six grand mals .
The dividing line of his life goes down the middle of his face : the right side has aged , while the left froze 19 years ago .
When he concentrates , he wrinkles only half his forehead .
Link - via Cliff Pickover 's Reality Carnival
Previously on Neatorama : 10 Things About the Large Hadron Collider You Wanted to Know But Were Afraid to Ask
Click to viewMary Shelley helped advance the science fiction genre with her tale of a scientist who brings a man built of corpses to life .
But in real life , plenty of mad and not - so - mad scientists have played with human and animal bodies ( and body parts ) to gain a greater understanding of the limits on life .
After the jump , right real - life scientists who have performed shocking experiments on the nature life and death .
Johann Dippel :
An actual inhabitant of Castle Frankenstein , Dippel is believed by many to be an inspiration for Shelley 's story .
His life 's work was to discover the Elixir of Life , which would make anyone immortal , and created " Dippel 's Oil , " an elixir made from bones , blood , and other bodily fluids and widely used as a neurostimulant .
He was also rumored to have been an ardent vivisectionalist , frequently stealing corpses from the local graveyard .
Andrew Ure :
Ure was also looking for the secrets of life in human corpses .
He obtained and experimented on the body of John Clydesdale , a criminal who had been executed by hanging .
Ure caused a stir among the scientific community when he revealed the nature of his experiements .
He claimed that men who had died of suffocation , drowning , or hanging could be restored to life through the stimulation of the phrenic nerve .
Advertisement
Giovanni Aldini : Luigi Aldini discovered that a frog 's legs would kick as electricity traveled through the muscles .
His nephew Giovanni took the discovery a step further .
He studied the effects of galvanizing human and animal bodies .
He publicly electrified a recently severed dog's head , giving it the appearance of life .
He also performed experiments on recently deceased criminals , churning electricity through them to achieve momentary reanimation .
His corpses convulsed , grimaced , and even raised their limbs , much to the shock of onlookers .
Aldini was also the first to use electric shocks to the brain in the treatment of neurological disorders , a practice still in use today .
Gabriel Beaurieux : France 's use of the guillotine led to Beaurieux 's fascination with severed heads .
He examined heads immediately after decapitation and noted that the heads would open their eyes , fix their pupils on the objects before them , and even respond to their own names for several seconds before appearing to completely lose consciousness .
Robert Cornish : Building on the work of George Washington Crile , who pioneered the blood transfusion , Cornish worked in resuscitating dead animals .
After asphyxiating dogs in a lab , Cornish would place the bodies on a teeterboard while infusing them with saline , oxygen , and adrenalin .
The fourth and fifth dogs in the experiment ( named Lazarus , as were their less fortunate predecessors ) were successfully revived , although they never fully recovered .
Cornish went on to play himself in Life Returns a film about a doctor who works to revive the dead .
Sergei Bryukhonenko :
We have mentioned Soviet scientist Sergei Bryukhonenko before .
Another fan of canine experimentation , Bryukhonenko invented the autojektor , a heart and lung machine , and proved its efficacy by attaching it to a severed dog's head , which stayed alive , eating and drinking .
Vladimir Demikhov :
We can credit Demikhov with many modern advances in organ transplants , but he is perhaps best remembered for his work in two - headed dogs .
Demikhov transplanted the head and front legs of one dog onto a second dog 's body .
Both dogs were awake , aware , and hungry .
He made 20 of these two - headed creatures , but , tragically , due to tissue rejection , none of them lived longer than a month .
Advertisement
Robert White : Following the revelation of the Soviet Union 's two - headed dog program , the United States began working on some mad transplant programs of its own .
During the 1970s , surgeon Robert
White successfully transplanted the head of one monkey onto the body of another .
Because he was unable to repair the resulting nerve damage , the monkeys were paralyzed from the neck down , but the heads themselves could see , taste , think , and feel .
It was believed the monkeys could survived this way indefinitely , although they were ultimately euthanized .
Approximately 4 percent of U.S. children and adolescents have a gap in health insurance coverage at some point during the year , even though they have at least one parent who is insured , according to a study in the October 22/29 issue of JAMA , a theme issue on the Health of the Nation .
Jennifer E. DeVoe , M.D. , D. Phil. , of Oregon Health & Science University , Portland , presented the findings of the study at a JAMA media briefing at the National Press Club in Washington , D.C .
More than 9 million children in the United States have no health insurance coverage .
When including those with a coverage gap at some point during the year , that number doubles .
" Stable health insurance coverage allows for consistent access to health care services , which contributes to better health outcomes .
Discontinuities in children 's health insurance coverage , even for only a few months , are associated with significant unmet health care needs , " the authors write .
Efforts to expand insurance for children often focus on extending public coverage to uninsured parents .
Little is known about the characteristics of families with uninsured children and at least one insured parent .
Dr. DeVoe and colleagues examined the demographic and socioeconomic characteristics of children and adolescents younger than 19 years of age who were more likely to be in families with parent - only health insurance coverage .
The researchers conducted an analysis of pooled 2002 - 2005 data from the nationally representative Medical Expenditure Panel Survey ( MEPS ) .
The researchers found that in the cross-sectional study population , 1,380 ( 3.3 percent ) of 39,588 children and adolescents were uninsured with at least 1 insured parent .
Among just the uninsured children , 27.9 percent had an insured parent .
Characteristics that were associated with a higher likelihood of a child or adolescent being uninsured despite having a parent with health insurance included : low - and middle - income households , low parental educational attainment ( less than a high school education ) , Hispanic ethnicity , single - parent households , geographic residence in the South or West and having a parent with private insurance coverage .
" When weighted , these estimates represent 3 million children who had a coverage gap despite having at least 1 parent who had full - year coverage .
More than a million of these children were without coverage for the entire year , " the researchers write .
" If families are better off covered under 1 plan but U.S. society rejects a public health insurance program for all members of the family , the question of whether the employer - based model is sustainable may need to be revisited .
In this study , the private system did not do a good job of providing coverage for entire families . "
" Incremental expansions in public insurance programs for children will continue to improve insurance rates in the short term .
However , the longer - term solutions to keeping all children insured are likely to be more complicated .
Unless health insurance coverage models are designed to keep entire families covered , some children will continue to get left behind .
It is time to think beyond health insurance models to achieve a sustainable health care system and the best possible health outcomes for all families , " the authors conclude .
###
( JAMA .
2008;300 [ 16]:1904 -1913 .
Available pre-embargo to the media at www.jamamedia.org)
Editor 's Note : Please see the article for additional information , including other authors , author contributions and affiliations , financial disclosures , funding and support , etc .
The bailout bill has a number of unrelated provisions .
This one caught my eye earlier today : SEC .
503 . EXEMPTION FROM EXCISE TAX FOR CERTAIN WOODEN ARROWS DESIGNED FOR USE BY CHILDREN .
Bloomberg has the details : Bailout Bull's - Eye for Kids ' Arrow - Makers ' Tax Break
Senators attached a provision repealing a 39 - cent excise tax on wooden arrows designed for children to an historic $ 700 billion bank rescue that is likely to pass tonight .
The provision , originally proposed by Oregon senators Ron Wyden and Gordon Smith , will save manufacturers such as Rose City Archery in Myrtle Point , Oregon , about $ 200,000 a year .
My understanding is the bailout bill was attached to another bill for procedural reasons , and that that other bill had all the weird provisions ( Senators were n't trying to add them to the bailout bill specifically ) .
Oh well ... now you know .
From carefully targeted denial - of - service attacks to fake websites with false polling place addresses , online voter - suppression tactics could wreak unprecedented havoc on the November election , according to anew report released Monday by a group of privacy and election protection organizations .
" The unique features of the internet that enable efficient distributed communications are exactly those that make it difficult to regulate , " " concludes the 43 - page study , which describes a plethora of dirty tricks that fraudsters could pull off during the final few hours of a closely fought presidential election .
Spoofing Dirty tricksters could create phony websites that look like official government election offices ' sites , but provide voters in certain counties with the wrong information .
It 's possible for the tricksters to game Google to make phony sites come up prominently in searches for " Florida polling locations , " for example .
Dirty tricksters could create phony websites that look like official government election offices ' sites , but provide voters in certain counties with the wrong information .
It 's possible for the tricksters to game Google to make phony sites come up prominently in searches for " Florida polling locations , " for example .
Denial - of - service Crooks might launch distributed denial - of - service attacks to overwhelm important online sources of information on election day .
That 's effectively what Republican party operative Allen Raymond did during the 2002 phone - jamming incident when he jammed the get - out - the - vote phone lines run by the New Hampshire Democrats and some local firefighters .
Crooks might launch distributed denial - of - service attacks to overwhelm important online sources of information on election day .
That 's effectively what Republican party operative Allen Raymond did during the 2002 phone - jamming incident when he jammed the get - out - the - vote phone lines run by the New Hampshire Democrats and some local firefighters .
Phone blasts Political operatives could launch targeted voter - disenfranchisement campaigns using robocalls falsely informing voters that their polling location has been changed .
Such trickery has surfaced in previous elections , but this time around the operatives would benefit from cheap VOIP and internet tools like the Instant Call Blast . *
Campaigns could be launched in seconds against thousands of voters , and with spoofed Caller ID , the culprits could make their calls appear to be coming from an official number .
* Anthony Morelle , founder of Antmore Technologies , the provider of
Instant Call Blast , writes in to say that his service cannot be used for nefarious purposes because he personally vets the calls that his service accepts :
I have safeguards in place that allows me to monitor every call blast that goes out .
When a customer signs up , sets a date and time , records a message , and uploads a list of phone numbers , everything is meticulously critiqued .
I check the customer first when he / she signs up to see of they are legit .
I listen to the message before it goes out to their list of possible listeners .
My system has safeguards in place to make sure that calls going out do n't go out to states that have banned robocalls for political and non-profit purposes .
Facebook disinformation Operatives might infiltrate Facebook groups to share erroneous polling - place information with members inclined to vote for the wrong guy .
Operatives might infiltrate Facebook groups to share erroneous polling - place information with members inclined to vote for the wrong guy .
Targeted smears Campaigns might use cutting - edge behavioral targeting techniques to advertise deceptive information to certain kind of web surfers .
If profiling indicated that a voter is turned off by negative ads , for example , the voter could be served such ads under the opposition candidate 's name .
Campaigns might use cutting - edge behavioral targeting techniques to advertise deceptive information to certain kind of web surfers .
If profiling indicated that a voter is turned off by negative ads , for example , the voter could be served such ads under the opposition candidate 's name .
Pharming Operatives could hijack the domain names of legitimate election - related websites serving communities expected to vote for the opposition .
Visitors would be redirected to fake sites with false information , and maybe even pick up some spyware along the way .
In 2004 , operatives made a number of efforts to mislead certain segments of voters .
One example : The New York Times reported that fliers with official - looking letterhead appeared in predominantly black neighborhoods in Pittsburgh that said that because of unusually high voter registration , Republicans were scheduled to vote on Election Day , and Democrats were supposed vote the day after .
Monday 's report — by the Electronic Privacy Information Center , the
Century Foundation , the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law and Common Cause —
predicts the same tactics will go high - tech this year .
Federal law makes deliberate misinformation campaigns a crime , with penalties for violators of up to five years of prison time and fines of up to $ 250,000 .
But prosecutions are rare , and likely to get rarer .
" The challenge of stopping electronic deceptive campaign practices are difficult because the source of the attack can be from any location around the globe , the launch of an attack can be timed to begin within hours of an election ; and tracing the source of the attack can be time consuming and not yield actionable results , " reads the report .
The authors urge voters to be on the lookout for high - tech sabotage , and get informed about and vote as early as possible .
They suggest that election officials develop an " early warning system that is up and operational prior to the election . "
Voters can use the website and call - in line of
Election Protection , a national nonpartisan voter - protection coalition , to get accurate information , the authors advise .
And do n't forward e-mails about voting procedures , even if they look authentic .
The comedian and activist Baratunde Thurston has already created a voter - suppression Wiki .
TechPresident is working with advocacy groups and National Public Radio in a Twitter reporting experiment that can be viewed here .
And Threat Level has launched a voting - problem map that lets readers report issues they experience at the polls .
See Also :
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
September 26 , 2008
If McCain is elected in November , come January we will see a continuation of the neocon “ clash of civilizations ” agenda , likely culminating in an attack launched against Iran and possibly Syria .
In order to stir up anti-Islam sentiment in the long and artificially elongated wake of September 11 , 2001 , and stampede voters into McCain ’s camp , the neocons have released “ Obsession : Radical Islam ’s War Against the West , ” a virulent and misleading propaganda DVD .
As reported earlier this month , the DVD was targeted at nearly 28 million households in swing or “ battleground ” election states .
It was inserted into more than 70 newspapers .
The DVD was produced and distributed by the Clarion Fund .
In this news report , a representative of the Clarion Fund lies about the group ’s political and religious affiliations .
As Ali Gharib , Eli Clifton , and Jim Lobe report , the DVD was a collaborative effort between a “ group of hard - line US neoconservatives and former Israeli diplomats . ”
The Clarion Fund , tied closely to an Israeli organization called Aish Hatorah , teamed up with the Endowment for Middle East Truth ( EMET ) to produce the video .
Aish Hatorah , an Orthodox organization and yeshiva , shares an address with the Clarion Fund .
Like hard - line neoconservatives , EMET opposes any land concessions to Palestinians and takes other hard - line positions identified with Israel ’s right - wing Likud Party and the ” Settler Lobby ” there .
EMET ’s website says , “ We regard ourselves as ‘ intellectual revolutionaries ' ” ….
EMET ’s board of advisers includes a list of familiar neoconservative figures , as well as three former Israeli diplomats , including a former deputy chief of mission in Israel ’s Washington embassy … .
Notable members of the advisory board include prominent hard - line neoconservatives , including former US U.N. Amb. the late Jeane Kirkpatrick ; Daniel Pipes of the Middle East Forum ; and the Hudson Institute ’s Meyrav Wurmser , the Israeli - born spouse of Vice President Dick Cheney ’s former top Middle East adviser , David Wurmser .
Other prominent neoconservative members of the board include Center for Security Policy ( CSP ) president Frank Gaffney ; former CIA chief James Woolsey ; and Heritage Foundation fellows Ariel Cohen and Nina Shea , who has also served for years on the quasi - governmental US Commission for International Religious Freedom .
In other words , the usual neocon suspects , responsible for launching the manufactured war on terrorism and invading Iraq and facilitating the murder of well over a million Iraqis , are behind the video .
Obsession : Radical Islam ’s War Against the West trailer .
The “ Obsession ” DVD is an obvious effort to continue propagandizing the American public .
“ If you heighten the hysteria over national security or terrorism or do anything to make people more fearful , it ’s clear they would trend toward McCain because that ’s been his mantra throughout the campaign , ” explains Ibrahim Hooper , a spokesman for the Council for American - Islamic Relations .
CAIR is petitioning the Federal Election Commission to investigate the Clarion Fund project .
As well , according to Ali Gharib ’s research , the Clarion “ Obsession ” project has direct links to Israelis , most notably the twin Israeli - Canadian brothers Raphael and Ephraim Shore .
“ Foreign nationals and companies , and domestic tax - exempt 501 ( c ) 3 nonprofits are prohibited by federal election law from attempting to sway US elections at any level through either contributions to campaigns or advocacy , ” notes Gharib .
Of course , this will not stop Clarion , same as it has not stopped AIPAC from directly influencing American elections and politicians .
It appears the neocons will stop at nothing to see their agenda continue under a McCain administration , an agenda with a large target still on the to - do target list : Iran .
In this respect , McCain surely is McBush , or maybe that should be McNeocon .
Obama , to be sure , is no friend of the Iranians , but the neocons , under a McCain administration , would have a better chance of reducing Iran to the chaos that is Iraq and most likely with a larger loss of life .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Sales of business jets are on track to hit an all - time record this year , reflecting an explosion of wealth -- mostly outside the United States -- and the growing desire of CEOs and the ultra-rich to avoid the hassles of regular flying .
Soaring fuel prices and the credit crisis are dampening growth in the U.S. market , but the three - year boom in global jet sales -- which has boosted companies like General Dynamics Corp ’s Gulfstream and Textron Inc ’s Cessna -- is not expected to fade .
“ This is about the enormous wealth that ’s being created in other parts of the world and their appetite for business aircraft , ” said Jay Mesinger , a jet broker who founded Boulder , Colorado - based J. Mesinger Corporate Jet Sales Inc in 1982 .
Customers across the world took delivery of 297 business jets in the first quarter of this year , up 41 percent from 211 in the same period last year , according to the General Aviation Manufacturers Association ( GAMA ) , the industry ’s trade group .
With order books full , that puts manufacturers on track to make 1,200 deliveries this year , which would exceed last year ’s all - time record of 1,138 .
That would be the third year in a row that the industry has set a record for deliveries .
For comparison , in 2003 -- when aftershocks of the September 11 , 2001 attacks were suppressing demand -- only 518 business jets were delivered .
The twin threats of high fuel and an economic downturn -- which are forcing most airlines to shrink operations -- have not yet made a dent in the private jet market .
“ So far it is immune -- it appears to be a Wal - Mart downturn , not a Neiman Marcus downturn , ” said Richard Aboulafia at the Teal Group , an aerospace and defense consulting group .
ORDERS FLYING HIGH
Orders , which give a better indication of the future , are also bumping along at record levels , helped by Europe -- especially Russia -- and the Middle East , flush with oil revenues .
Honeywell International Inc , a leading maker of jet electronics , forecast a record 1,300 or more orders this year , in its annual business jet survey published last September .
UBS analyst David Strauss estimates 1,250 orders .
Judging by recent orders , the industry should hit that .
Last week , Gulfstream signed one of the industry ’s biggest ever deals , worth $ 1.9 billion , with NetJets Inc , the plane - sharing firm owned by Warren Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc .
The order , for 40 new planes overall , calls for eight of Gulfstream ’s larger jets to be delivered each year from 2012 through 2016 .
NetJets is currently taking eight jets a year from Gulfstream under its last big order , placed in 2006 , indicating that NetJets is not anticipating any slowdown in demand for its jet - sharing service , known as “ fractional ownership ” .
Despite broader economic worries , Gulfstream felt confident enough to launch its new G650 in March , the biggest , fastest and most expensive business jet , priced at just under $ 60 million each .
The company wo n’t say how many firm orders it has booked , but General Dynamics Chief Executive Nicholas Chabraja said interest in the jet has been “ overwhelming ” .
Also last week , Canada ’s Bombardier
Inc took an order for as many as 110 of its Learjet aircraft from an unnamed European buyer , which could be worth up to $ 1.5 billion .
International producers like France ’s Dassault and Brazil ’s Embraer are also racking up brisk orders .
Even Boeing
Co and EADS unit Airbus are getting in on the action , selling personalized versions of their jetliners to the ultra-rich , from about $ 50 million for a single - aisle plane to the $ 300 million or so Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal is paying for his Airbus A380 superjumbo .
INTERNATIONAL BOOM
U.S. purchases are increasing slightly , but the real growth is international .
According to GAMA , 58 percent of deliveries last year were to North American customers , 25 percent to Europe , 8 percent to Latin America , 5 percent to Africa and the Middle East and 4 percent to Asia .
That represents a sudden shift away from North America , which represented around 75 percent of deliveries for the 20 years up to 2005 , GAMA said .
Russia , with an explosion of wealth and lack of good airline connections , is a particularly strong market .
“ There are more billionaires in Moscow than in New York , ” said Robert Baugniet , a spokesman for Gulfstream .
The jet - maker does not break down its sales by country , but Baugniet said more than half of Gulfstream ’s first - quarter orders came from outside North America , compared to about 25 percent five years ago .
Although orders are still growing , the outlook for the United States is not so robust .
Economists are expecting U.S. gross domestic product growth of only 1 percent for this year and 2.1 percent next year , according to a Reuters poll , as fuel costs and credit problems mount .
“ The higher cost of fuel and the fewer dollars available for financing has made the United States a tougher market , ” said Mesinger , who estimates that the price of used jets has fallen 10 percent to 12 percent from the end of last year .
But overall , industry experts doubt that is enough to seriously dent the global market .
“ If airline ticket prices go up 20 percent ( to offset fuel costs ) , you lose a lot of traffic , ” said Aboulafia .
“ If business jet operating costs go up 20 percent , you hardly lose anything . ”
Tourism on Antarctica is increasing and that can form a threat for the vulnerable South Pole area .
Research from Maastricht University provides a possible solution : market the visitor rights to the highest bidder .
Tourism in Antarctica has grown dramatically .
In 1985 , just a few thousand people visited the area but in the season 2007 / 2008 more than 40,000 did .
A number of parties are concerned about the effects of this rapid growth with respect to safety , the environment , the scale of tourism and the lack of financial resources for monitoring and enforcement purposes .
They also have doubts about how this growth can be reconciled with the basic principles of the Antarctic Treaty System ATS .
Antarctica is not a sovereign state so legislation is difficult .
With strict guidelines and codes of conduct , the umbrella organisation of Antarctic tour operators , IAATO , has been able to dispel many of the concerns .
However , this self - regulation is no absolute guarantee for a healthy tourism industry on Antarctica .
One possible solution is that of marketable visitor rights , as is already used in the climate policy by means of trading in CO2 emission rights .
First of all a maximum annual number of tourist days in Antarctica will be set .
To ensure a smooth transition , this maximum will be set higher than the actual number of tourists days used .
As soon as the demand for holiday days in Antarctica is higher than the maximum , the rights to the days will have a certain value .
By awarding the rights to the ATS , the income can be used , for example , for monitoring and enforcement purposes , issues for which there is little money at present .
The visitor rights will be auctioned : sold to the highest bidder .
Then the buyers are free to trade the rights further .
This will ensure that the available ' space ' in tourist days will be used for the most profitable forms of tourism .
This system of marketable visitor rights could allow three objectives to be realised : the scale of tourism and with this its effects will be limited , an urgently desired new source of funding will become available for monitoring and enforcement , and the tourism trade in the Antarctic area will remain financially healthy .
The study ' Sustainable Tourism in the Antarctic Peninsula : Future Pathways and Policies ' is being funded by the Netherlands Polar Programme .
The assessment of grant applications and the realisation and coordination of the Polar Programme is the responsibility of NWO / ALW .
When a boy is abused , his identity is changed from his essence to that of a victim .
He can see himself as something wrong with himself , as an object , or a target of others ' aggression .
He will compare himself with others and begin to make assessments that he needs to be tougher , more macho , more of a man than the next guy in order to avoid being hurt .
Boys learn what it is to be a man from their fathers .
A young boy looks up to his dad as a man who knows everything , a role model which does no wrong .
Some boys believe their dads can walk on water .
Other boys like myself wonder and wait for their " real " dad to show up .
Some boys like myself wonder how come their dads have so much hatred towards their sons , maybe towards the world .
We do n't get the chance of viewing our parents as perfect because there is so much violence and destructiveness in the home that we know something is wrong .
At age three , I witnessed my father rape my mother and attempt to kill her and myself .
He had been previously arrested for negligence homicide .
My father had attempted to use his car to push my mother 's car home .
My mother 's car had crashed into a third car where a man had died .
Both my parents were charged with negligence homicide , which meant that my parents had lost their driving privileges .
This created a tremendous amount of rage in my father .
One particular night , he walked into the house with such rage that instilled terror in everyone .
Both my sisters hid under their beds in their bedroom .
My brother hid in our bedroom .
I could n't stay in my room knowing my mother was in grave danger .
I thought my father was going to kill my mother and I was not willing to live with my father .
I always felt the tremendous hatred my father had towards me .
If my mother was going to die , then I would die with her .
As my father beat my mother where she eventually fell onto the floor , she screamed .
I thought she hit her head on the concrete step .
As my father began to rip her clothes off , she told him not in front of the kid .
" Let 's go into the bedroom and we 'll have a good time . "
I knew he was raping my mother because he had raped me and my mother had sexually abused me .
I wanted to try to stop him .
I knew I could n't fight him because he was so much bigger than I .
So I decided to get in his way to die in my mother 's place .
My father had picked me up and thrown me across the room .
The third or fourth time , I hit my head on the cast iron base radiator and fell asleep .
I was asleep for a long time , hours .
When I woke up , the house was dark and everyone was gone .
I went to my bedroom where I shared a bed with my brother .
I felt his absence and went out to the kitchen where I found my brother calling the police with my mother standing next to him .
I will never know whether my mother called the police to release him from jail or if she was calling because he disappeared and was looking for him .
With all the fear that was instilled in me as a child , I had grave difficulty expressing myself and feeling something other than fear .
I carried this fear in my body everywhere I went .
When I went to school kids made fun of me because of the way I moved my body .
My body was extremely stiff and I was very hypervigilant .
The main goal in life seemed to be to get through to the next day .
Life was about survival .
My philosophy of life being about survival combined with growing up in severe abuse and violence created a lifestyle of self - destruction .
My definition of masculinity became equated with self - destructiveness and fearlessness .
Since my father had instilled such tremendous fear in me that it became extremely difficult to view myself as a man .
I always associated as something being wrong with me , that I was not normal .
I associated myself with never being accepted or respected .
I had learned that the only difference between animals and people were that people were far more dangerous because they will attack for no reason at all while animals only attack because there is reason to do so .
The problem with these beliefs is that they were founded upon false information .
My life became a lie .
I learned to hide the soft , gentle , sensitive person that I truly am and hid it with an exterior of toughness , uncaring , and being cool .
I was often scared of someone finding the gentle , sensitive part of myself .
I learned to be tough on the outside , wear black leather jackets , dark glasses ( so no one can see my eyes , the windows to my soul ) boots , talk tough and cool and walk tough and cool .
The more I acted tough and cool the more my belief changed of myself .
However , this is when I became really lost .
For I had acted tough and cool for so long including committing crimes and getting into fights , that the essence of who I truly am got buried under a lot of layers of muck .
Most people wear a mask , presenting themselves as better than what they actually are .
Than there are those like myself who wear an ugly mask in order to keep people away .
Whether there is a societal definition of masculinity or not ; the fact remains that the root of masculinity has to do with a man being comfortable being a man and being himself with nothing to prove and no one to perform for .
There is a lost sense of masculinity in society today .
In the healthiest of relationships , men are confused of how to behave with women and with other men .
The healthiest of men are struggling with their identity as a man .
When there has been a history of abuse this struggle for identity becomes a far more difficult struggle .
Men who were abused as boys need to understand that what was done to them is not their identity .
Men and women also need to understand that often times behavior is more about who a person is not rather than who a person actually is .
Behavior is how one feels about him or herself at that given moment and his perception of the world .
Men who struggle with their masculinity may act out in ways to prove their manhood ( fights , work , sexual conquests ) .
Boys who grow up without a father figure may be attracted to gangs in order to feel like a man .
In the streets , the traits that identify manhood are power , money , and sex .
A man who was abused by his father lacks a positive father figure and although may not join a gang can still form the same equation that masculinity deals with power , money , and sex .
The way to identifying and accepting one 's own masculinity is recognizing that masculinity is an internal characteristic trait not something external .
Masculinity is an individual man being able to express his emotions , his dreams , passions , and his deepest darkest secrets .
When society can accept the fact that boys do get abused , that boys do have emotions and that there is not as much difference between men and women as some would like to believe and take advantage of ; then men and women can learn to express who they truly are rather than wear a mask to make others more comfortable .
When parents can treat their sons and daughters more equally and when teachers can treat boys and girls more equally , there will be healthier individuals and healthier relationships .
When men and women can realize that masculinity and femininity are internal traits rather than external behaviors than there will be hope for masculinity and femininity rather than a loss of both .
I have seen this recipe for Chinese bourbon chicken literally all over the net and I just had to give it a try to see what everyone was raving about .
Apparently , a lot of Chinese take out places have this but I have yet to see it there or at any buffet .
What ’s great is no alcohol actually goes into this recipe .
I know what you ’re thinking … “ but then why is it called bourbon chicken ? ”
To be honest , I have no idea , but it tastes great !
The sauce has great flavor – just the right amount of sweetness and spice .
For the chicken – it ’s your choice whether you want a little breading on it or not .
I just lightly dusted the chicken bits with cornstarch to give them slight crispiness .
This is a two - step recipe and takes very little time to prepare .
This recipe is best served with a side dish of white rice .
Tags : cooking , recipes , food and drink , recipe
Print
Scientists have succeeded in permanently erasing frightening memories in mice , an early step toward the development of treatments for people haunted by traumas they can’t forget .
According to a study in the journal Neuron this week , researchers genetically manipulated the brains of mice to overproduce a key enzyme that appeared to selectively wipe memories from the animals ’ brains .
The enzyme , calcium / calmodulin protein kinase II ( CaMKII ) , also is present in humans , making it a possible target for a drug to treat post - traumatic stress disorder and other psychological problems , scientists said .
According to the report , researchers from the Medical College of Georgia and East China Normal University in Shanghai trained the mice to associate environmental cues -- a specific tone and cage -- with an electric shock , and then looked to see what the animals could remember .
Advertisement
Ordinary mice learn to freeze in fear when confronted with those cues .
The engineered animals , however , did not show fear when they were placed in the cage or heard the tone , a sign that they did not remember that those things meant a shock was coming .
To find out whether the memory loss was permanent , researchers gave the mice a drug that , in effect , reduced the amount of the enzyme to normal levels .
The animals still failed to freeze when they heard the tone or saw the cage .
In a series of subsequent experiments , researchers discovered that they could selectively erase fearful memories related to the electric shocks while leaving other recollections -- for example , the fear of cat odor -- intact .
Study author Joe Z. Tsien , a neuroscientist at the Medical College of Georgia , cautioned that formidable obstacles stood in the way of translating the research into a human drug .
The genetic engineering technique used in the mice cannot be used in people , he said .
Advertisement
In addition , there is currently no practical method of delivering additional enzyme to the human brain , he said .
--
denise.gellene@latimes.com
Starting October 3rd until 14th November , a special artistic manifest goes building - high in London ’s Soho .
It ’s about the photographic work of JR , a young French street photographer / artist who ’s known for his unconventional exhibitions across the world .
( in 2007 he organized with Marco “ Face 2 face ” – the world ’s largest illegal photo exhibition involving Israeli an and Palestinian cities and the wall of separation where huge posters with pictures of Israelis and Palestinian face to face were installed ) .
Soho ’s Lazarides Galleries are responsible for this initiative .
JR ’s 28 Millimeters : Women , photos taken by JR in Rio de Janeiro .
Some images have a toll free number beneath where you can hear the photographed woman ’s story .
It ’s a great initiative that I hope will bring more awareness on the delicate matters of the world !
( via )
Here at ArtFire , we ’re always looking for ways to help promote our sellers .
Which is why we have created a competition .
The Great Maker Search is a an annual competition where any ArtFire seller can nominate themselves to enter the competition .
Once nominated , you can promote your entry via social media , with a little help from us .
The greater support you have in social media , the greater your chances of winning .
If you ’re looking to enter and want more information , follow this link to learn about how you can enter .
For several years now I ’ve participated in the physics tutorial session at GDC ( along with Jim Van Verth , Gino van den Bergen , Erin Catto , Brian ‘ Squirrel ’ Eiserloh , and Marq Singer ) .
One section I ’ve covered in some detail is robustness and within this area I ’ve stressed ( amongst other things ) the importance of distinguishing between absolute and relative tolerances when performing comparisons of floating - point numbers .
I wo n’t go into details about why you would want to care about how your floating - point numbers are compared .
( Detailed information can be found in part in my GDC presentation slides and in much more depth in my book . )
Here I will assume you already know why you care , and I will just note that absolute and relative tolerances are tested as
// Absolute tolerance comparison of x and y if ( Abs( x – y ) <= EPSILON ) …
and
// Relative tolerance comparison of x and y if ( Abs( x – y ) <= EPSILON * Max ( Abs( x ) , Abs(y ) ) …
The absolute tolerance test fails when x and y become large , and the relative tolerance test fails when they become small .
It is therefore desired to combine these two tests together in a single test .
Over the years at GDC , as well as in my book , I 've suggested the following combined tolerance test :
if ( Abs( x – y ) <= EPSILON * Max ( 1.0f , Abs( x ) , Abs(y ) ) …
This typically works fine , but Erin Catto pointed out to me that it may sometimes be hard to control the desired behavior with just a single EPSILON that controls both the absolute and the relative tolerance at the same time .
When better control is desired we can instead look at the combining of tolerances in the following way .
What we are really looking for in terms of equality of x and y is the following combined test :
if ( ( Abs( x - y ) <= absTol ) || ( Abs( x - y ) <= relTol * Max ( Abs( x ) , Abs ( y ) ) ) ) …
These two expressions can be captured in a single formula as
if ( Abs( x - y ) <= Max ( absTol , relTol * Max ( Abs( x ) , Abs( y ) ) ) ) …
or equivalently
if ( Abs( x - y ) <= absTol * Max ( 1.0f , relTol / absTol * Max ( Abs( x ) , Abs( y ) ) ) ) …
In my book and in my GDC presentations I have simplified this expression by assuming relTol = absTol , which gives my original formula :
if ( Abs( x - y ) <= absTol * Max ( 1.0f , Abs( x ) , Abs(y ) ) ) …
In the cases where the assumption relTol = absTol is not desirable it makes sense to stay with the formula
if ( Abs( x - y ) <= Max ( absTol , relTol * Max ( Abs( x ) , Abs( y ) ) ) ) …
because here one can tweak absTol and relTol independently of each other .
I 've avoided going into this much detail in my GDC presentations because they tend to be cramped for time and the important message to take home is really " absolute tolerance often bad , relative tolerance mostly good . "
However , I felt it was important to document this additional information about floating - point comparisons somewhere , thus this short article !
Note : I moved this article from its previous home at my main domain to the blog as having it on the blog allows for proper tagging , searching , etc .
My apologies if you 've read this before .
( Though , this article was only ever linked from the very first post I made on this blog so , realistically , odds are you never saw it before ! )
Naomi Klein : “ Now Is the Time to Resist Wall Street ’s Shock Doctrine ” While the collapse of this country ’s financial system continues to send shock waves around the world , we speak to the bestselling author of The Shock Doctrine .
Naomi Klein says the public should be wary of the Bush administration trying to use the crisis to push through more of the radical pro-corporate policies that helped cause it in the first place .
[ includes rush transcript ]
Guest : Naomi Klein , award - winning journalist , syndicated columnist and author of the bestseller , The Shock Doctrine : The Rise of Disaster Capitalism .
AMY GOODMAN : While the collapse of this country ’s financial system continues to send shock waves around the world , I ’m joined on the telephone by bestselling author of The Shock Doctrine , Naomi Klein .
Her latest article for the Huffington Post is called “ Now Is the Time to Resist Wall Street ’s Shock Doctrine . ”
Naomi Klein , welcome to Democracy Now !
NAOMI KLEIN :
Thanks ,
Amy .
Great to talk with you .
AMY GOODMAN : Explain .
What do you mean ?
NAOMI KLEIN : Well , the thesis of my book , what I mean by the “ shock doctrine , ” is that it is in times of crisis , it is in times when people are panicked , when we ’ve seen again and again the right push through radical pro-corporate policies , what they call “ free market reforms , ” precisely because it is in a crisis where the space for debate rapidly closes , and you can invoke this state of emergency to say we have no choice .
And I think we ’re seeing a very dramatic example of this tactic right now with this really extortionist kind of tactics playing out in Washington .
You know , “ Sign this blank check , or we ’re all going down , or Main Street is going down , or taxpayers — you know , the sky will fall in on them .
” I ’m also arguing that this is only stage one of the shock doctrine .
They ’re getting this — they ’re lobbying for this huge bailout , obviously , but this bailout is a kind of a time bomb , because it ’s all these bad debts , and they are going to explode on the next administration .
I mean , we know that the Bush administration has already left the next administration with huge debt and deficit problems .
They ’ve just exploded those , expanded them .
And what that means is that whoever the next president is is going to be inheriting this economic crisis that is being exacerbated by this bailout .
So , in the case of McCain , I think — if he ’s the president , then I think we know what he ’ll do , because we know he wants to privatize Social Security , which is something that Wall Street ’s been wanting for a long time , another bubble .
We know he has said in the next — in the first 100 days of his administration he ’ll look at every program and either reform it or shut it down .
This is really a recipe for economic shock therapy .
So , while you have all of these trivial issues being discussed in the election season , I think what we could — what we ’re really — you know , under the surface , they ’re actually being quite clear .
They ’re going to take — if they take power , it will be in the midst of an economic emergency .
They ’ll invoke that emergency to push through very , very radical changes .
So , you know , what I ’ve been saying is , this is not four more years of Bush ; it ’s much , much worse in the case of another Republican administration .
But there ’s huge problems for Democrats , as well , if they win this election , because , you know , we need to only think back to the situation in which Clinton took power , where he ran an election on an economic populist platform , promising to renegotiate NAFTA .
Then there was an economic crisis .
Clinton came under intense lobbying by people like Robert Rubin , who ’s also advising Obama right now , and by the time he took office , he had embraced economic austerity .
So , people need to understand these tactics , need to put pressure on the candidates , the parties , and reject this tactic .
And I ’ve actually been really heartened , Amy , that people are onto these shock tactics and are n’t falling for it .
And , you know , to the extent that we ’re seeing a little bit of spine from the Democrats , it is only , as Chris Dodd said , because they are hearing it from their constituents .
So people need to keep up this pressure right now .
AMY GOODMAN : Naomi Klein , one of the things you write about in this piece in Huffington Post is the wish list that comes from former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich — NAOMI KLEIN : Yes .
AMY GOODMAN : — laying out policy prescriptions for Congress .
NAOMI KLEIN : Yeah .
I mean , there is pressure being put on Congress from Democrats who — you know , we ’ve heard the proposals to cap executive pay and to have a moratorium on foreclosures .
It ’s coming not from all Democrats , but from some .
But there ’s something going on on the Republican side , where you have people like Newt Gingrich , and you also have the Republican Study Committee , which is a group of very influential Republican lawmakers who are saying that they ’re opposed to the bailout , and they also have their wish list .
And I think it is that it ’s not that they ’re going to oppose a bailout completely ; it ’s that they want economic changes , right - wing , pro-corporate economic changes , attached to a bailout .
So , Newt Gingrich has his list .
He ’s got eighteen demands .
But I think even more important than that is the Republican Study Committee , and I raise this because they ’ve just issued their ransom list .
It starts with suspending the capital gains tax , privatizing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , suspending mark - to - market accounting , which is the rule that requires companies to assess their assets at current market values .
So , what ’s so stunning about this , Amy , is that here you have a crisis that everyone seems to agree is borne of deregulation , and they ’re actually calling for more deregulation .
We have a situation where the debt is exploding on American taxpayers , and they want to suspend corporate profits — sorry , corporate taxes , which is actually what might defray some of those costs from regular taxpayers .
So it ’s an incredible display of opportunism .
And this is what I mean by stage two of the shock doctrine .
The first stage is just the bailout , but the second stage are all of these radical reforms that are going to be invoked in the name of the crisis that the bailout is creating , whether it ’s pushed through right now or whether it ’s pushed through later .
But what ’s important — you know , Amy , in the book , I talk about — I start the book with a quote from Milton Friedman that has really made the rounds a lot lately , which is that — and this is a Friedman quote — that “ only a crisis , actual or perceived , produces real change .
And when the crisis occurs , the change depends on the ideas that are lying around . "
And then he goes on to say , “ That , I believe , is our basic function : to keep the ideas ready until the politically impossible becomes politically inevitable . ”
So I think it ’s really important for people to look at the ideas that are lying around .
There ’s enormous corporate lobbying going on to , for instance , eliminate the post - Enron collapse regulations , to actually say that the way to save the American economy — you know , you heard Henry Paulson equating — still equating the interests of the financial sector with the interests of everyone else .
We know that ’s simply not true .
But it ’s that — precisely that logic that then is used to say , OK , these are the — this is what the financial community , this is what the corporate world needs in order to revive the economy : they need less regulation , they need less taxation .
So , we should be really , really wary of this claim that we ’re hearing that free market ideology is dead , that this marks the end of , you know , of capitalism .
You know , I ’m sorry , that is not the case .
It may be going dormant for a little while to rationalize these massive bailouts , but it will come roaring back , and the crisis that is being deepened right now through these bailouts will be invoked for even more radical deregulation , privatization , tax cuts and so on .
AMY GOODMAN : It seems clearly , Naomi Klein , what ’s needed , a key ingredient here , is speed .
NAOMI KLEIN : Yeah .AMY GOODMAN : You see this happen right after 9/11 with the USA PATRIOT
Act being pushed through .
You saw it with the vote in October of 2002 for the invasion of Iraq .
It ’s speed and the idea of an imminent threat .
NAOMI KLEIN : Absolutely .
AMY GOODMAN : And then , of course , this week it ’s not only about passing this legislation , but it is passing it by Friday .
NAOMI KLEIN : Absolutely .
You know , and a lot of people have even described this Paulson plan as an economic PATRIOT Act .
You know , one of the mistakes that I think they made , honestly , Amy , is how short it is .
It ’s just three pages , which means — you know , usually these pieces of legislation are much longer , so people do n’t even bother reading them in that moment of extortion — you know , “ Pass it now , or else … or else the sky falls in . ”
So , you know , in this case , I think they made a miscalculation .
You know , there was an interesting article in Time that just came out , where they actually say that they have been working — you know , this is a quote — it says , “ [ Paulson ] and his team [ have ] been working on [ this ] proposal for more than six months . ”
So , it ’s quite surprising that it is as pared down as it is .
It ’s three pages .
And the craziest thing has happened : people have read it .
Regular people have read it .
It does n’t take that much time .
And , you know , you read Section 8 , which is just so stunning , just so bold in its demand for total and complete impunity .
And that ’s really what ’s getting in their way , is people are reading this text , and they ’re frankly shocked by it .
You know , we heard Henry Paulson say that he thought it would have been presumptuous to put in clauses calling for regulation .
This is absolute nonsense .
Section 2 of the same document talks about how they have the right to hire contractors to administer this huge operation , and we know that that means contracting with some of the very firms who are going to be bailed out .
And then it says that it would be —they would be contracting them without regard to any other provision of law regarding public contracts .
Amy , that is just as — that ’s Iraq levels of impunity , or even more .
I mean , basically what they are saying is that we want to be able to contract with companies but exempt those companies from the existing laws that bar conflict of interest , that have whistleblowing laws .
I mean , the laws exist on the books , and they are actively excluding these contracts from those laws .
So the idea that they did n’t want to be presumptuous is complete nonsense .
They are being extremely presumptuous , because they are actively excluding these contractors , these would - be contractors , from existing oversight .
We have to be very clear about this .
AMY GOODMAN : It ’s interesting who Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson is , served as an assistant to Richard Nixon ’s assistant , John Ehrlichman , and moved right from there to Goldman Sachs , then became head of it when , well , the now - Senator and then - Governor Corzine left Goldman Sachs .
NAOMI KLEIN :
You know , Amy , I do n’t think we can stress this enough .
Henry Paulson is one of the key people , the top people , responsible for creating the crisis that he is now claiming he will solve , you know , and this is — if we think about the 9/11 analogy and , you know , the state of shock that Americans were in after 9/11 and the emergence of Rudy Giuliani as the savior — and , you know , people have so much regret about that .
And in the book , I write about this as the state of regression that we go into when we ’re frightened .
And I think Henry Paulson has really been cast in this role as an economic Rudy Giuliani , saving the day , impartial , bipartisan , a strong leader .
I found this article in BusinessWeek that ran when Paulson was appointed to the Treasury , and I just want to read you one sentence , because I think it ’s all we need to know about Henry Paulson .
This is from BusinessWeek , when he got the appointment as Treasury Secretary in 2006 .
The headline of the article is “ Mr. Risk Goes to Washington . ”
It says , “ Think of Paulson as Mr. Risk .
He ’s one of the key architects of a more daring Wall Street , where securities firms are taking greater and greater chances in [ their ] pursuit of profits .
By some key measures , the securities industry is more leveraged now than it was at the height of the 1990s boom .
” Then it goes on to say that when Paulson took over Goldman Sachs in 1999 , they had $ 20 billion in debts .
When he — in these high - risk gambles .
When he left , they had $ 100 billion , which means he took their risk level from $ 20 billion to $ 100 billion .
So it is absolutely no exaggeration to say that Henry Paulson , far from speaking for Main Street , is actually bailing out his colleagues for some of the very debts that he himself accumulated .
This is an extraordinary conflict of interest .
AMY GOODMAN : And then , of course , there ’s the question of his own interests in Goldman Sachs today .
NAOMI KLEIN :
Well , you know , allegedly , he divested from the company , so I ca n’t comment on that , but I think there ’s some good investigation to be done .
AMY GOODMAN : Naomi Klein , I want to thank you for being with us , award - winning journalist , syndicated columnist , author of the bestselling book The Shock Doctrine : The Rise of Disaster Capitalism .from http://www.democracynow.org/2008/9/24/naomi_klein_now_is_the_time
Flight Director Paul Hill ( foreground ) and astronaut Stephen N. Frick , spacecraft communicator ( CAPCOM ) , monitor communications in the Shuttle Flight Control Room ( WFCR ) in Johnson Space Center ’s ( JSC ) Mission Control Center ( MCC ) with the STS - 114 crewmembers during a fully - integrated simulation on October 13 .
WASHINGTON - Boeing and Lockheed Martin are going head - to - head for amultibillion - dollar NASA contract that will put one of the companies in chargeof keeping Johnson Space Center 's Mission Control Center and related trainingfacilities up and running for the next four to six years .
NASAis on track to select a contractor Nov. 7 for the so - called Facilities Development and Operations Contract ( FDOC ) , a four - year , cost - plus contractwith two one - year options that , if exercised , would extend the agreement to2014 .
NASA putFDOC out for competition this past spring with the aim of saving money bymerging all or part of two existing contracts into a single contract .
FDOC wouldcombine all of the work Lockheed Martin Information Systems and Global Servicesof Gaithersburg , Md. , currently performs under a nearly $ 700 million MissionSupport Operations Contract awarded in 2003 and about one - fifth of the workHouston - based United Space Alliance performs under its $ 6 billion Space ProgramOperations Contract , a 2006 replacement for the Space Flight OperationsContract that NASA awarded the Boeing - Lockheed Martin joint venture in order toput a single contractor in charge of spaceshuttle operations .
NASAgenerally does not comment on contracts after proposals have been submitted .
But industry sources following the FDOC competition said NASA is hoping tospend less than $ 3 billion on FDOC services during the next six years , asavings of at least $ 1 billion over what the agency was projected to spendduring that same time period if it simply extended its existing contracts .
Houston - basedBoeing Space Exploration announced Oct. 8 that it had submitted its finalproposal revisions for FDOC in anticipation that NASA would make and announceits selection in early November .
LockheedMartin , meanwhile , announced in January that it was going after FDOC inpartnership with United Space Alliance .
Boeing 's team also includes UnitedSpace Alliance , which is responsible for the astronaut and flight controltraining systems work that would be rolled into FDOC .
The day - to - day spaceshuttle support - including the mission planning , vehicle processing and launchand recovery operations that account for about half the spending on UnitedSpace Alliance 's Space Program Operations Contract - would remain separate fromFDOC .
WinningFDOC would be the biggest boon for Boeing because , unlike Lockheed Martin and United Space Alliance , Boeing is not part of either of the legacy contractsFDOC would replace .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
August 26 , 2008
Alex and Luke Rudkowski confront Malkin over her fawning support for FEMA internment camps and her assertion a Marine in Iraq did not throw a puppy over a cliff .
Reading Fort Collins Now , formerly Fort Collins
Weekly , one has to ask if Julia Cobb got her journalism degree out of a crackerjack box .
Reporting on the events outside the DNC yesterday , Cobb describes Alex Jones ’ confrontation with the neocon Michelle Malkin as follows :
But soon , the attention was diverted from the peaceful protest by an altercation between a member of the conservative media and a citizen attending the protest .
This was the second incident of its kind ; on Sunday , protesters took exception to a Fox News reporter trying to question Ward Churchill , controversial former professor at the University of Colorado .
Today it was radical Alex Jones , from the group 9/11 Truth , which believes that the September 11 terrorist attacks were planned by the U.S. government , verbally confronting Michelle Malkin , a conservative columnist and Fox News contributor .
“ You support torture .
Shame on you , you fascist piece of trash , ” Jones yelled .
He also accused Malkin of supporting the U.S. Marines when they drown puppies .
Malkin found an ally in Recreate 68 ’s Sanchez , who pushed his way into the crowd of TV cameras to yell at Jones : “ Michelle Malkin is a true patriot ! ”
Sanchez later said he had no idea why Jones was attending the protest and added that Recreate 68 does not support Jones ’ ideas .
He added that although they strongly disagree with her views , Recreate 68 supports Malkin ’s right to free speech .
Drown puppies ?
Lance Cpl. David Motari did n’t drown a puppy .
He threw it over a cliff .
This was a big story back in March , but for some reason Ms. Cobb did n’t bother to do any research .
She also did not mention the fact that Michelle Malkin insisted the puppy was not real .
“ The puppy does n’t move .
It ’s clear to me that it ’s either dead or a stuffed toy .
The sound effects of a dog yapping seem to have been dubbed in , ” Malkin wrote on her blog on March 3 .
“ Disturbing whether the dog is real or fake , dead or alive ?
Yes .
A hanging offense ?
No .
But the clip is a useful cultural Rorschach test .
Those who buy into the soldier - as - monster narrative are up in arms — demanding that the soldiers be hunted down and shot . ”
Malkin then includes a few obscenity laced quotes that accompanied the video on YouTube .
“ I ’m sure Gloria Steinem and the Berkeley City Council would agree , ” she adds .
This is the same Gloria Steinem who enjoyed “ a 10 - year association with the CIA , ” according to Nancy Borman and the Village Voice .
As a member of the CIA ’s Mockingbird corporate media — Malkin works for Fox News — it would seem Michelle Malkin has more in common with Ms. Steinem than she would care to admit .
It is bizarre to claim Malkin “ found an ally ” in Recreate 68 ’s Kenneth Sanchez , who along with co-founder Mark Cohen attempted to “ levitate ” the U.S. Mint in Denver .
Of course , this is not even original , it was ripped off from Abbie Hoffman .
Back in 1967 , 50,000 hippies attempted to levitate the Pentagon , turn it orange , and drive out the evil spirits responsible for the Vietnam War .
Mark Cohen , wearing a red velvet wizard costume , and Recreate 68 managed to attract 50 people to this less than original stunt .
It makes sense Sanchez would declare Malkin a “ true patriot , ” although Recreate 68 allegedly disagrees with her views .
According to Truth Alliance , Recreate 68 is a COINTELPRO project designed to discredit legitimate antiwar groups by instigating violence in Denver during the DNC .
Malkin did her part , adding to the hype on her blog on March 21 when she wrote that Recreate 68 is part and parcel of “ the history of left - wing violence against law enforcement ” and admonished the cops to “ take the nutballs seriously . ”
In response , nutball Sanchez embraced Malkin and disavowed the “ radical ” Alex Jones .
“ Recreate 68 co-founder Glenn Spagnuolo agreed [ with Sanchez ] saying [ Alex Jones ] is “ the true agent provocateur , he was so busy hating , he missed all the love . ”
Spagnuolo’s “ love ” is rather peculiar , as the point of Recreate 68 is to initiate a re-run of the 1968 police riot in Chicago .
Is it possible Mr. Spagnuolo echoes Yippie Jerry Rubin , who wished for martial law in Chicago ?
Love has nothing to do with bashing heads .
According to Aaron Dykes of The Jones Report , " frat - boy type " instigators " wearing court jester hats " called for Michelle Malkin to be killed , not Alex Jones .
John Ingold , writing for the Denver Post , says Alex Jones engaged in a “ brief shoving match ” during the Malkin confrontation .
In fact , Malkin ’s goons initiated this “ shoving match , ” as videos of the incident reveal .
“ Police mostly stood by , ” writes Ingold , even though Malkin ’s “ security ” assaulted both Jones and his cameras .
Finally , according to the Gateway Pundit blog and others , Alex Jones screamed “ Kill Michelle Malkin ” during the confrontation .
In fact , Alex did not call for Malkin ’s murder and witnesses say this call came from others not associated with Alex Jones or his crew .
It was “ frat - boy type ” instigators , notes Aaron Dykes , editor of The Jones Report , “ wearing court jester hats and making inflammatory statements . ”
Dykes further states that , after chanting for Malkin ’s death , these instigators asked why Alex had called for violence against Faux News ’ neocon darling .
“ The court jesters are just like the Wonkette people who would try to ridicule Ron Paul with Mickey Mouse cameras and demeaning questions , ” Aaron adds .
“ The point is , it is disingenuous and meant to ridicule , not to confront or raise real questions . ”
Wonkette is a reference to a popular “ progressive ” blog run by Ana Marie Cox , the wife of insider Chris Lehmann , formerly of The Washington Post and now an editor at Congressional Quarterly .
Cox ’s blog obsessively criticized and stalked the Ron Paul presidential campaign .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Everything You Need to Know About the Financial Crisis : A Guest Post by Diamond and Kashyap
When the financial crisis was just beginning to appear , I did one of the smartest things I ’ve ever done : I asked my colleagues Doug Diamond and Anil Kashyap to explain to me what was happening .
What they said was so enlightening that I begged them to write it up for the blog , which they did .
Their guest post proved to be wildly popular among readers , rising to be the second - most - emailed article on The New York Times web site .
As far I know , no other Freakonomics post has ever come close to making even the bottom of the most - emailed list .
Enough important events have occurred since their original post that we asked them whether they could n’t bring us up to speed on where the financial crisis stands today , what the government is doing and why , and the long - term prospects for the economy .
I did n’t think it was possible , but this second blog post is even better than the first one .
Everything You Need to Know About the Financial Crisis
By Doug Diamond and Anil Kashyap
A Guest Post
1 ) Why has the stock market been so erratic for the last two weeks ?
The stock market ’s value depends on the future profitability of firms .
In a sluggish economy , the stock market typically falls well before unemployment peaks .
The declines last week reflected the concern that the economy is headed toward a sharp slowdown for an extended period of time .
For some time , the basis for this concern was a fear that lending throughout the economy was drying up .
Without credit , most businesses would not be able to function , and many individuals would have to cut their spending .
Until this week , it appeared to be increasingly possible that there could be widespread bank failures that would impair the lending capacity of the banking system for a long time .
We agree with the words of Ben Bernanke this week : “ As in all past crises , at the root of the problem is a loss of confidence by investors and the public in the strength of key financial institutions and markets … ”
Banks are vulnerable to loss of confidence because they rely on short - term funding .
This fear causes two problems .
First , banks hoard their own cash and become especially reluctant to lend to other banks .
Second , nonfinancial institutions pull back their lending to banks to avoid any chance of being defaulted upon .
These problems reinforce the fear and keep lending markets frozen .
It is rational for investors to reduce exposure to the stock market in this kind of a cycle .
There are several pieces of evidence suggesting that the markets are fragile and especially concerned with the health of the banks .
One indication is that lending rates for three - month loans between banks steadily rose during the last month , and they kept rising last week even after central banks around the world cut interest rates .
These interbank borrowing rates only started to decline this week after the steps described below were announced .
A second is that last Friday afternoon , the Dow Jones industrial average stock index began climbing sharply , precisely at the time of the announcement that no banks were going to fail as a result of settling the credit - default swap contracts that paid off the losses on bonds of Lehman Brothers .
Finally , earlier this week , stock markets around the world rallied on the news that the U.S. and European governments had agreed on steps to prevent large banks from failing .
These anecdotes hardly prove that the systemic banking concerns were paramount , but they are consistent with that view .
2 ) What is the government doing about this ?
The government is working on two different problems .
First , it is working to prevent the collapse of the banking system in the near term .
Second , it is working to promote lending while the banking system recovers .
To prevent a banking collapse , Britain ’s government and some other countries opted to guarantee all short - term borrowing by banks .
The U.S. is also planning to guarantee certain types of debt .
These guarantees are temporary — up to three years in the U.S. — and are aimed at enhancing stability in two ways :
They help secure stable funding for the banks — because without the ability to borrow , banks cannot operate — and they try to create incentives for new investors to lend to banks ( more on this point below ) .
The U.S. government has also announced that it will buy preferred stock ( non-voting equity with fixed dividends ) from banks .
The primary assets of a bank are its loans and the securities it owns .
Its liabilities — the securities it issues in return for the money it gets to pay for the assets — are primarily borrowing ( using bonds , deposits , and other short - term debt such as commercial paper ) and , to a much lesser extent , equity .
Buying equity tackles the deeper concern that banks cannot absorb losses from the loans and securities investments they have made without partially defaulting on their borrowing .
Raising the amount of equity reassures the banks ’ other suppliers of credit that they will be repaid and re-establishes their willingness to lend to banks .
In parallel , the U.S. government is concentrating on trying to restart lending .
The Federal Reserve announced that , for very highly rated companies , it will lend short - term money directly ( through next spring ) .
Many of these borrowers had only been able to obtain funds for very short periods , often having to borrow for only a day at a time instead of months .
The Fed ’s lending is aimed at allowing at least these businesses to be able to resume normal planning and spending .
This is an extreme move , and it should become unnecessary ( therefore possible to discontinue ) if the crisis ends .
3 ) Why ca n’t the private market do this ?
Why should the taxpayers have to pay for the mistakes that the banks made ?
One reason the private market will not inject equity now is out of the same concern that makes banks reluctant to lend to each other : fears that some banks have undisclosed bad assets ( which are hard to value because they are not trading now ) and may become insolvent .
This makes investors fear that they may choose a bank that will soon fail .
Moreover , if investors fear that many banks will soon fail , there will be runs on many others .
These runs would wipe out the value of the private - equity injection .
During a crisis , it is safe to provide capital to a given bank only if all banks become well capitalized ( either by raising new capital or being acquired by well - capitalized banks ) .
This makes outside investors hesitate to provide new equity .
Government programs that allow large increases in capital in all reasonably healthy banks can remove the risk of many banks failing just after new equity is injected .
The government can be viewed as solving a coordination problem ( to deal with the entire system ’s stability ) that private investors would not easily be able to do .
This type of recapitalization need not be extremely expensive to taxpayers , but the devil is in the details .
If bank losses are so large that most are currently insolvent , then private markets will not invest any new capital .
In this case , the government can invest to recapitalize the bank after the F.D.I.C. fails the bank and wipes out equity and bondholders ( protecting depositors and borrowers ) .
In this extreme case , the government serves as a rapid replacement for bankruptcy courts to keep a banking system in place .
We do n’t think that this is the current situation .
This kind of government recapitalization would be very expensive to taxpayers .
The inability to value the assets means that there is some ambiguity about which firms will and will not be closed .
Banks have been raising equity throughout this crisis .
Washington Mutual and Lehman each raised over $ 12 billion in new equity over the last year , and these investors got wiped out in the firms ’ failures .
Without clear rules on how closures will be handled , private investors are reluctant to gamble on putting money in .
In addition , it has become difficult to raise capital in shaky banks because no one knows how investors who inject capital now will be treated if the government later invests capital in their banks .
4 ) Why are bank assets so hard to value now ?
This crisis started because of losses related to mortgage - related securities and loans .
The value of such assets is very difficult to assess , in large part because the securities are not trading , and so there is some guesswork in establishing their value .
For the largest banks , roughly one quarter of their assets are real estate related , so not having good prices is a serious problem .
We also know that after Lehman was shut down , it was found to have overstated the value of its assets — relative to the conventions all the other banks were using to value the hard - to - price assets .
A.I.G. also had some asset problems that only surfaced after the government helped it .
5 ) Did n’t the Treasury initially propose to buy bad assets ?
Would n’t that solve the valuation problem so that private money could be used to recapitalize the banks ?
The original Treasury plan and the successor plans described by the Treasury before this week have been schizophrenic .
At times , the Treasury insisted that all it wanted to do was buy troubled assets to help establish a market price and not risk taxpayer money in doing this .
If this got the market going and showed that most banks were very solvent ( and identified the few that were not solvent ) , it would solve the problem .
In this somewhat unlikely case , the government purchase could possibly make the asset market work today , and it could even increase prices by removing the fear that assets would soon be dumped at very low prices by banks about to fail .
If the prices of asset purchases revealed that most banks were either insolvent or close to insolvent , the purchases would accomplish nothing good because private investors would not recapitalize banks ( see part three above ) .
Alternatively , the Treasury could have aimed to consciously overpay for the assets it would be buying .
This would definitely put taxpayer money at risk and raise the value of the bank .
This is a backdoor recapitalization of a bank and is worse for the taxpayer — unless the Treasury gets bank equity equal to the value of the overpayment .
It is not clear to us whether this plan , used in isolation , would have been sufficient to recapitalize the banks .
Without recapitalization , we doubt the crisis could be ended without massive bank failures .
6 ) Will the government plan work , or are there risks ?
There are three risks that must be navigated , and the details of the plan will be very important in attending to them .
First , the plan must be set up to make sure that the banks emerge from this process with enough capital to operate normally .
Perhaps a worst - case scenario would be to spend a lot of the taxpayer money and still not rehabilitate the banks .
This is what happened in Japan ; the perverse lending behavior of undercapitalized banks helped depress Japanese growth for a decade .
This week , the government announced its intention to purchase $ 125 billion of preferred equity in the nine largest U.S. institutions .
Because the government made the capital injections without having time to inspect the quality of these banks ’ assets , we can not be sure that $ 125 billion will be enough to make each well - capitalized .
One pattern throughout the crisis has been that firms have vigorously claimed to have adequate capital , only to fail shortly thereafter .
Surprisingly , the banks are still allowed to pay ( but not increase ) dividends to their stockholders , potentially doing so with the money the government put in .
This might undermine the intent to recapitalize the banks ( we explain why in the next three paragraphs ) .
Apart from these dividends , the banks ’ shareholders ’ claims only have value after the existing debt holders and the government ’s preferred - share investments are paid ; this is why equity is often dubbed the “ residual claimants . ”
These claimants get only what is left over after the “ higher - priority ” claimants are paid .
Their low priority can drive a wedge between their incentives and those of other stakeholders .
One challenge will be making sure that the banks have incentives to raise additional equity .
Lately , the long - term debt of many of the largest banks is valued at a discount relative to its issue price .
If more new equity is raised , it will allow the banks to do more lending and generate more profits .
But the first claim on the profits is still owed to the existing long - term debt holders at maturity — even though they put in no new money .
This “ debt overhang ” problem can mean that the new financing might return very little to the investors buying the new equity because it benefits the long - term bond holders .
As a result , the owners of undercapitalized banks would not want to issue more equity , and they would rather pay themselves a dividend and thus reduce bank equity .
This can impede efforts to recapitalize .
Therefore , if some banks remain undercapitalized even after the government injection of capital , the regulators may need to force them to raise more private - sector equity funding .
Paying a dividend to shareholders is the opposite .
Second , the plan needs to be set up to avoid creating further panics .
Once guarantees are being handed out , investors will prefer to lend and invest in these firms rather than other companies that do not have the guarantees .
The excluded firms could see their access to credit dry up .
The government determined that A.I.G. was too interconnected to the rest of the financial system to be allowed to fail ; there may be other nonbanks that are also deeply interconnected .
Care must be taken to make sure the guarantees do not trigger runs against these systemically critical firms .
Third , the taxpayer ’s liability ought to be protected .
If the government spends enough money , it can recapitalize all the banks ; propping up insolvent and incompetent banks is a waste of taxpayer money .
Likewise , injecting equity into banks with serious debt overhang will needlessly raise the cost of recapitalization .
The obvious way to lower the costs to the taxpayer is to make sure existing long - term debt holders and equity holders do not capture too much of the windfall that comes from rehabilitating the banks .
At the same time , there must be enough gains created so that more new equity can flow in if it is needed .
These concerns can be managed in a variety ways .
Our plan from last week is one option , but you can find suggestions from some of our colleagues at a web site we have just set up .
Rather than focusing on any particular plan , a guiding principle is that a successful plan must deliver recapitalization in the least costly way to the taxpayer without creating additional panics .
The freedom to pay dividends means that the current plan may not satisfy this principle .
7 ) How will we know when it is over ?
Are we going to have a depression ?
Interbank lending rates are already creeping down , but they remain severely elevated .
These rates matter because they are used in the pricing of many loans , and hence they directly affect the affordability of credit .
As these rates fall and other short - term lending resumes , it will mark the start of a return to normalcy .
Our guess is that this will take months and not days , so credit seems likely to remain tight for some time .
Elevated financing costs will slow growth .
In the Great Depression , one - third of the U.S. banks failed , and the unemployment rate got to 25 percent .
The economy is going to be in for a rough period , but the policy actions taken over the last week are going to prevent this type of collapse .
Finally , some journalists find it strange that we and many of our colleagues at the University of Chicago have been advocating bold government action to stop the collapse of the banking industry .
We suspect that some of these people would be surprised to learn that Milton Friedman blamed timid and wrong - headed government policy for causing the Great Depression .
Friedman was more concerned about monetary policy actions , but he and Anna Schwartz also gave “ a prominent place in the sequence during the contraction to successive waves of [ bank ] failures . ”
The importance of preventing a banking - sector implosion has long been appreciated not only at Chicago , but also at other leading business schools and economics departments .
This is why there has been such strong support for the equity injections from economists with very different political philosophies .
It is too early to tell if the enthusiasm will fade once the details become known of how the administration plan is being implemented .
Last month , US prosecutors levelled these charges against eight businessmen , including one Briton .
Some are believed to be at large in Dubai .
Five companies all based here were also charged , including Mayrow General Trading , which was accused of selling Iran tiny computer chips , of a kind frequently recovered from sophisticated roadside bombs deployed to kill American and British forces in Iraq .
But Mayrow is still trading in Dubai and its phone line is operating .
Fedora 10 ( Cambridge ) Beta Release Notes
If this page is uneditable or otherwise static , leave changes and comments on the discussion page .
What is Fedora ?
Fedora is a set of projects sponsored by Red Hat and guided by contributors .
These projects are developed by a large community of people who strive to provide and maintain the very best in free , open source software and standards .
The center piece of the Fedora project is an operating system that is released twice a year , and is based on the Linux kernel , that is always free for anyone to use , modify , and distribute .
To find out more information about Fedora , refer to the following Web pages :
Formal Announcement
http://www.redhat.com/archives/fedora-announce-list/2008-September/msg00016.html
What Is The Beta Release ?
The Beta release represents a sanitized snapshot of Rawhide , the development branch of Fedora , and signals the feature freeze .
This means that all major features must be complete or in a testable state , and so the Beta release provides a good indication of what users can expect from the final release .
It is aimed primarily at developers and early - adopters , and gives testers an opportunity to provide feedback and bug reports to help ensure that the next release is as good as possible .
Users who are interested in helping with testing are encouraged to do so with the live media ( bootable CDs , DVDs or USB sticks ) .
How To Try Beta
Thanks to the infrastructure that was developed during the Fedora 7 release cycle , Beta is accompanied by installable live CDs of both the GNOME and KDE desktops .
With a Live CD users can perform testing and demonstration without installing any software to the hard disk .
As the Beta release is largely targeted at developers and contains many bleeding edge packages , this is the best method for less experienced users who want to get involved with testing .
The Live CDs also have an option to install Fedora to the hard disk for the more intrepid users .
The best way to download Fedora 10 Beta is through BitTorrent -- visit the Fedora torrent server for a listing of available images .
Beta images can also be downloaded from any of our mirrors .
Remember that live images can be used on USB media via the livecd - iso - to - disk utility available in the livecd - tools package on existing Fedora systems .
Refer to the USB How - to for more instructions .
You can also use Jigdo to download the i386 , x86_64 , or ppc versions .
Fedora 10 ( Cambridge ) Release Schedule And Feature Details
Development continues on Rawhide during and after the Beta release , leading up to the Release Candidate before the final release .
The links below provide the release schedule for both the pre-releases and the final release , as well as the wiki pages for tracking the various features planned for inclusion in Fedora 10 .
Providing Feedback and Reporting Bugs
As mentioned above , the Beta release provides an opportunity for the wider community to begin testing the next release of Fedora .
You help the Fedora Project continue to improve Fedora when you file bug reports and enhancement requests .
These links explain what needs testing for the Beta release and allow you to submit your feedback :
Release Overview
As always , Fedora continues to develop and integrate the latest free and open source software .
The following sections provide a brief overview of major changes from the last release of Fedora .
For more details about other features that are making their way into Rawhide and set for inclusion in Fedora 10 , refer to their individual wiki pages that detail feature goals and progress .
Also , throughout the release cycle , there are interviews with the developers behind key features giving out the inside story .
The following are major features targeted for this release .
Wireless connection sharing -- Enables ad hoc network sharing
Better printing -- Improved management and handling of printers for ease of setup and use
Virtualization storage -- Storage provisioning for local and remote virtualization connections now simplified
SecTool --
A new security audit and intrusion detections system
RPM 4.6 --
A major update to the powerful , flexible software management libraries
Some other major features in this release include :
Features for this release are tracked on the feature list page .
Desktop
Fedora 10 Beta features the development version of GNOME 2.23 and the KDE 4.1.1 release .
System
Boot up
The graphical boot up system used in previous Fedora versions is being replaced with a new system called Plymouth .
There are a few issues with Plymouth in the Beta :
Adding rhgb on the command line directs Plymouth to load the appropriate plugin for your hardware .
on the command line directs Plymouth to load the appropriate plugin for your hardware .
The graphical boot splash screen that comes with Plymouth requires kernel mode setting drivers to work best .
There are not kernel modesetting drivers available for all hardware yet .
To see the graphical splash before the drivers land , add vga=0x318 to the kernel grub command line .
This uses vesafb , which does not necessarily give the native resolution for the flat panel , and may cause flickering or other weird interactions with X . Without kernel modesetting drivers or vga=0x318 , Plymouth uses a text - based plugin that is plain but functional .
to the kernel grub command line .
This uses , which does not necessarily give the native resolution for the flat panel , and may cause flickering or other weird interactions with X . Without kernel modesetting drivers or , Plymouth uses a text - based plugin that is plain but functional .
Currently , only Radeon R500 and higher users will get kernel modesetting by default .
There is work in progress to provide modesetting for R100 and R200 .
Additionally , Intel kernel modesetting drivers are in development , but not turned on by default .
The kernel modesetting drivers are still in development and buggy .
If you end up with nothing but a black screen during boot up , or a screen with nothing but random noise on it , then adding " nomodeset " to the kernel boot prompt in grub disables modesetting .
disables modesetting .
Plymouth hides boot messages .
To view boot messages , press the [ Esc ] key during boot , or view them in / var / log / boot.log after boot up .
Alternatively , remove rhgb from the kernel command line and plymouth will display all boot messages .
There is also a status icon on the login screen to view boot warnings .
key during boot , or view them in after boot up .
Alternatively , remove from the kernel command line and plymouth will display all boot messages .
There is also a status icon on the login screen to view boot warnings .
Plymouth currently does not work properly in some serial console configurations .
This is being addressed post -Beta .
The grub menu does n't automatically show up when a machine is configured to dual boot .
This is being addressed post -Beta .
Intel network cards
Refer to Refer to the Known Bugs section for an issue affecting some Intel network cards .
Anaconda Installer Improvements
Anaconda / Features / NetConfigForNM
-- Anaconda is now using NetworkManager for configuring network interfaces during installation .
The previous backend tool was libdhcp ( which was a replacement for libpump ) .
Anaconda uses NetworkManager by communicating with it via D - Bus during installation .
The move to NetworkManager in Anaconda is still ongoing and some things are not yet 100 % functional , but the bulk of existing functionality has been retained .
NetworkManager is enabled by default on newly installed systems , so moving to NetworkManager in Anaconda allows the installer to use the same network management tool that the final system uses .
The move to NetworkManager brings some changes , most notably the removal of the network interface configuration screen in Anaconda .
You are no longer asked to verify the network settings during installation .
The screen now simply prompts for the hostname .
The settings used during installation are written to the system .
When using the netinst.iso to boot the installer , Anaconda defaults to using the Fedora mirrorlist URL as the installation source .
The method selection screen no longer appears by default .
If you do not wish to use the mirrorlist URL , either add repo= < your installation source > or add askmethod to the installer boot parameters .
The askmethod option causes the selection screen to appear as it did in previous releases .
Boot parameters can be added by pressing the [ Tab ] key in the initial boot screen and appending your new parameters to the existing list .
For more information , see the repo= and stage2 = descriptions at http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Anaconda/Options
RPM 4.6
Features / RPM4.6 --
Update RPM to 4.6 , which includes many enhancements and bugfixes .
Security audit
Security tool , sectool , that can be used both for security auditing and intrusion detection .
The sectool application contains tests that scan the system for security vulnerabilities .
, that can be used both for security auditing and intrusion detection .
The application contains tests that scan the system for security vulnerabilities .
The tests that sectool provides are sorted into 5 security levels , each level targeting a different type of system and security awareness .
Test results can be saved to an XML file or e-mailed .
provides are sorted into 5 security levels , each level targeting a different type of system and security awareness .
Test results can be saved to an XML file or e-mailed .
Tests can be custom built using bash , Perl , or Python .
The security audit tool is easy to configure but has many configuration options for different environments .
Kernel 2.6.27 development version
Fedora 10 Beta includes a development snapshot of the 2.6.27 kernel .
More details at
Development
Objective CAML ( OCaml ) coverage greatly extended
Fedora 10 contains the OCaml 3.10.2 advanced programming language and a very comprehensive list of packages .
Improved Haskell support
Haskell support now provides good support for Haskell development and use , with a high number of quality libraries and tools available .
Status of completion at the Beta is 75 % .
Filesystems
e Cryptfs
Fedora 10 builds on Fedora 9's intial encrypted filesystem support and fixes a number of problems that could have resulted in data corruption .
EXT4
Fedora 10 brings a fully ext4 - compatible e2fsprogs .
In addition Anaconda 's partition screen has an ext4 filesystem option available if you launch the installer with the ext4 option .
Fedora 10 also brings delayed allocation for ext4 .
However , ext4 in Fedora 10 does not currently support filesystems larger than 16 terabytes .
XFS
XFS is a supported filesystem and an option within the the partitioning screen of Anaconda
Known bugs and issues
These are bugs and issues known at Beta release or in the time following .
Expect this section to receive occasional updates during the Beta cycle .
Intel Gigabit support disabled
http://bugzilla.redhat.com/459202
The e1000e ethernet driver that supports some Intel Gigabit network adapters has been disabled , due to an issue where the EEPROM of the cards may become corrupted at runtime .
If you use this card for your network connection , you will be unable to install via the network , or use the network if you perform a local media install .
When this issue is solved , the driver will be re-enabled .
We apologize for the inconvenience .
Installer probing empty CD / DVD drives
http://bugzilla.redhat.com/BUGNUM-FIXME
The first stage of the installer ( stage 1 ) takes a long time probing empty CD / DVD drives , due to a kernel bug .
Is the End of Unlimited Internet Near ?
Comcast , Frontier and Time Warner Cable Are Moving Toward Imposing Internet Usage Caps
Get ready to say goodbye to unlimited Internet access .
Last week , Comcast -- the second - largest Internet service provider in the country -- announced that starting Oct. 1 it would officially set a threshold for monthly Internet usage .
In an online announcement , the service provider said that although it already contacts residential customers who use excessive amounts of bandwidth , it had never provided a specific limit .
Now , Comcast said it will amend its user agreement to say that users will be allowed 250 gigabytes of monthly usage .
The company emphasizes that its cap is generous and will only affect about 1 percent of its 14.4 million customers .
Experts say these customers might include heavy gamers and those who use a significant amount of bandwidth for creating or uploading video .
But industry watchers note that Comcast 's decision is indicative of a trend by Internet service providers to move toward usage - based service plans .
On Aug. 1 , Frontier Communications changed its policy to define acceptable use for high - speed Internet as 5 GB per month .
In June , Time Warner Cable launched a test program in Beaumont , Texas , that imposes monthly Internet usage limits of 5 GB to 40 GB on subscribers .
Because Comcast is a heavyweight in the industry , its announcement has drawn criticism and questions from broadband and telecommunications researchers .
" The biggest problem I have [ is ] they have n't given us any data .
They 've given us no proof , " said Om Malik , author of " Broadbandits : Inside the $ 750 Billion Telecom Heist " and editor of GigaOM , a popular technology Web site .
Malik said GigaOm and five other technology news sites managed by his online publishing company , Giga Omni Media , receive about two million visitors each month .
Comcast 's limit is substantially higher that those established by other service providers , Malik acknowledges .
But he maintains that the company 's decision amounts to metered billing and , if that 's the case , it should provide a tool so that consumers can monitor their own usage .
" [ With ] electricity companies -- and water companies -- you have the choice to monitor the electricity you are using , " said Malik , drawing comparisons between Comcast and regulated public utilities that maintain the infrastructure for public services .
" If they are going to behave like a utility , should n't they be treated like one ? " he added .
He also argued that even though a 250 GB bandwidth cap is generous in today 's terms , it may not be sufficient in the future , especially as bandwidth - needy , high - definition video becomes more common .
In its announcement , Comcast said its average residential customer uses approximately 2 to 3 GB .
To put its monthly limit of 250 GB in perspective , the company said that to consume that much bandwidth a customer would have to send 50 million e-mails , 62,500 songs , download 125 standard - definition movies or upload 25,000 hi-resolution digital photos .
Comcast spokesman Charlie Douglas told ABCNews.com that the company has had an excessive use policy for years but has never disclosed its definition of excessive use .
When the customers would exceed the limit , he said Comcast would call to alert them .
In most cases , the customer would voluntarily moderate his or her usage in response .
If customers did n't cut back on usage , Comcast reserved the right to suspend service .
Douglas said the only difference in the policy is that customers now know that the threshold is 250 GB per month .
He says Comcast does not provide a meter tool because free and fee - based meter tools are readily available and not necessary for 99 percent of their consumers .
Although Douglas says that the company is evaluating usage - based billing models that resemble Time Warner 's trial program , he stressed that this cap is different .
" This is about protecting the 99 percent of people who do n't use a massive amount of bandwidth from the small percentage that does use an extreme amount , " he said .
But industry experts observe that Internet technology is advancing rapidly and the lack of good data make it difficult to prepare for the future .
" Today 's bandwidth hog is tomorrow 's average user , " said Fred Von Lohmann , a senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a nonprofit civil liberties group .
If a cap had been imposed on the top 10 percent of Internet users in 1997 , many Internet innovations of today would likely not exist , he said .
While Von Lohmann said that no one has the right to unlimited Internet access , developments in the industry need to be monitored .
" This is not an emergency , but it is something that needs to be carefully watched , " he said .
Like Malik , Von Lohmann said the industry would benefit from increased transparency , in terms of providing data regarding customers '
Internet usage .
Another major issue he flagged is competition .
Comcast sells high - definition video through other parts of its business off - line .
These Internet usage limits essentially handicap competitors who want to deliver similar products online , he said .
Doug Williams , an analyst with media research firm Jupiter Research , told ABCNews.com that cable operators , such as Comcast , have been and will continue to be first movers in imposing bandwidth caps because they have a more immediate need to do so .
Unlike telephone companies that also provide Internet service , cable operators use a shared distribution network .
Extremely heavy use by a single connection has a negative and direct impact on other users in that area , he said .
As cable operators continue to impose these caps , telephone companies will be paying close attention to the customer response to determine if they should move in the same direction .
Williams says that for customers accustomed to a world of unlimited Internet access , these caps might not be welcome changes .
As cell phone plans , long - distance telephone packages and other services move to flat - rate , unlimited approaches , this is a step in the opposite direction , he said .
" I think that 's going to be something that consumers are not going to be particularly happy about .
But they might not have many options for recourse , " he said .
" That 's not going to make people happy -- especially in this economic climate . "
Whether it is smartphones , tablets , laptop / desktop , or smart TV , we create apps for each and every platform .
Focused on delivering measurable ROI , our social networking application development solutions helps you enhance your online presence , reach a wide audience , expand your business network , boost conversion rate as well as improve customer satisfaction .
It 's not often you see Microsoft trumpeting how proprietary its technology is , but the sales pitch for its forthcoming BlueTrack mice is that you wo n't be able to get them from anybody else .
And the reason you might want one is that BlueTrack outperforms the old laser technology and works on almost any surface .
It 's " the four - wheeled drive of mice , " says the designer .
It will , apparently , work on your wood , granite or marble worktop , and on your thick - shag living - room carpet -- there 's a video with the inventor .
More importantly , it will work on airline tray tables .
It wo n't work , not surprisingly , on glass and mirrors .
Channel 10's Laura Foy has an enthusiastic video report , Microsoft Unveils World 's Most Advanced Tracking Technology .
Bear in mind that Channel 10 is owned and operated by Microsoft .
It 's not CNN .
Two new BlueTrack mice , Explorer and Mini , will go on sale at Best Buy in November for the estimated retail price of $ 99.95 and $ 79.95 respectively .
In the longer run , you can expect BlueTrack to replace the lasers in most other Microsoft mice , depending on price .
" Mike Brotherton , himself a trained astrophysicist , combines the technical acuity and ingenuity of Robert Forward with the ironic , postmodern stance and style of M. John Harrison .
In this , his debut novel , those twin talents unite to produce a work that is involving on any number of levels .
It 's just about all you could ask for in a hardcore SF adventure . " -- Paul di Fillippo , SCI - FI.COM
" Star Dragon is steeped in cosmology , the physics of interstellar travel , exobiology , artificial intelligence , bioscience .
Brotherton , author of many scientific articles in refereed journals , has written a dramatic , provocative , utterly convincing hard science sf novel that includes an ironic twist that fans will love . " --
Booklist starred review
" Seldom does a storytelling talent come along as potent and fully mature as Mike Brotherton .
His complex characters take you on a voyage that is both fiercely credible and astonishingly imaginative .
This is Science Fiction . " -- David Brin
The human colony on the planet Argo has long explored and exploited the technology left behind by an extinct alien race .
But then an archaeology team accidentally activates a terrible weapon ...
Read More .
Ten Issues for Hard Science Fiction
There are a number of issues that continue to keep coming up in hard science fiction , or any science fiction trying to get the facts right .
I just helped my collaborator here a few days ago answer a reporter ’s questions on one of these ( humans expelled into space without space suits ) .
These things should always be right .
There ’s no excuse in this day and age .
We ’ll start with the space expulsion .
1. Human exposure to vacuum .
People do n’t blow up .
And probably most aliens do n’t , either .
A number of movies / TV shows get this right : 2001 , Battlestar Galactica , Event Horizon .
Some do n’t ( e.g. Outland ) .
Get it right .
2. FTL .
Faster than light travel .
It ’s a trope of the field .
It should be recognized that this is typically necessary for interstellar and even interplanetary travel if characters are doing it in Vipers or X - wings without bathrooms , or for any short timespan .
That ’s a start .
But it should be acknowledged and some excuse given , at a minimum .
In the most rigorous cases , writers should realize that FTL implies time travel or at least non-causal effects and has philosophical implications about free will .
3. Teleportation .
It ’s not just for Nightcrawler .
It may or may not violate light - speed and causality depending on the implementation , but it should be recognized that it needs to be handled carefully .
If conservation laws are violated , it could be used to create perpetual motion machines and infinite energy .
If not , things get more interesting .
How are energy differences made up ?
Think about it .
Get it right , or give some lip service to the problems .
4. The Fermi Paradox .
Why are n’t aliens common in the universe and already in abundant evidence here on Earth ?
There are at least 50 possible reasons .
Have one if you ’re dealing with aliens in the galaxy and space travel , or if you ’ve got humans exploring the galaxy and there are no aliens .
It does n’t have to be a big part of the story , but have a reason .
5 . The Singularity .
On the short timescale , technology is slower than we expect ( a few years or a decade or two ) .
On somewhat longer timescales , it goes fast .
Humans think linearly , not exponentially .
How far ahead can you really imagine ?
OK , take that timeframe , and add a few thousand years .
Or a million .
Where are we then ?
Ca n’t imagine it ?
Neither can anyone else .
Do n’t worry about it too much .
Write your story , but be aware of the issue .
6 . The dangers and difficulties of the space environment .
Radiation .
Lack of gravity .
Sex .
Getting sick .
7. Alien communication .
This is n’t necessarily easy .
Acting like it is may move the story along , but it is n’t realistic .
Maria Doria
Russel wrote a great book in The Sparrow over misunderstanding aliens , as have others , but many have not .
Do n’t pull a Star Trek on this .
You do n’t have to create a great story about language exchange like Barry Longyear did with “ Enemy Mine , ” but again , lip service at a minimum .
Dot your “ i ”s and cross your “ t ”s .
8. Alien chemistry / biology .
Can we eat aliens ?
Can they eat us ?
Is DNA the only system for living things ?
Are our amino acids common to life , or are we just a subset of the possibilities .
I ’m not saying I know the answers for sure for these questions , although I have ideas , but you better know the answers for your universe and they should be plausible .
9. AI .
Artificial intelligence .
Strong or weak , we ’ll have some version in the future .
Which ?
What can it do ?
What ca n’t it do ?
Note that this is related to the singularity issue , and other things like post - human existence .
Is it possible to download humans ?
Or make simulations that are for all practical purposes alive and independent ?
I do n’t know the answers , but you have to make some decisions if you ’re writing sf , because some version of this technology will be with us .
10 . Nanotech .
Variations on it are coming , or are here already .
We ’re gaining the ability to manipulate matter on the atomic level to build novel materials and structures .
What ’s possible ?
What is n’t ?
Nanotech is n’t magic , and like teleportation , keep in mind conservation laws regarding mass and energy .
Also , as a guide , keep in mind biological systems that are nature ’s nanotech .
In principle , nanotech can operate very quickly and you can use bacteria as a guide for what ’s possible .
Tags : Science , Science Fiction
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
Fire Displaces Castle Shannon FamilyA fire displaced a family of five in Castle Shannon after the fire broke out in their basement .
46 minutes ago
Congressman Kelly Holds Debate Watch PartySeveral dozen supporters of President Trump gathered in New Castle to watch the Presidential Debate in New Castle .
1 hour ago
Ireland Contracting Nightly Sports Call : September 29 , 2020 ( Pt. 3 ) KDKA - TV Sports ’ Bob Pompeani and Andrew Fillipponi talk about the sports topics of the day .
2 hours ago
Ireland Contracting Nightly Sports Call : September 29 , 2020 ( Pt. 2 ) KDKA - TV Sports ’ Bob Pompeani and Andrew Fillipponi talk about the sports topics of the day .
2 hours ago
Ireland Contracting Nightly Sports Call : September 29 , 2020 ( Pt. 1 ) KDKA - TV Sports ’ Bob Pompeani and Andrew Fillipponi talk about the sports topics of the day .
2 hours ago
KDKA -TV Nightly Forecast ( 9/29 ) Stay on top of local weather with meteorologist Ray Petelin 's forecast !
5 hours ago
Police Investigating Dollar Bank Robbery At Penn Hills Shopping CenterPolice are investigating the robbery of a Dollar Bank .
5 hours ago
Pittsburgh Catholic Diocese To Allow 50 Percent Occupancy
At MassBishop David Zubik is easing the limits on Mass attendance in the Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh .
5 hours ago
2 Shot In Lincoln - LemingtonOfficials say two people were shot tonight in Lincoln - Lemington .
5 hours ago
Local Voters React To Presidential DebateKDKA 's Jennifer Borrasso talked to two people who watched the presidential debate .
5 hours ago
KDKA News Update PM : September 29 , 2020 KDKA News Update PM : September 29 , 2020
8 hours ago
Guy Fieri Bringing American Kitchen + Bar To New Westmoreland County CasinoGuy Fieri’s American Kitchen +
Bar is coming to Live !
Casino Pittsburgh in Westmoreland County .
8 hours ago
Pittsburgh Native 's Spooky TikToks Going ViralA
Pittsburgh native is going viral on TikTok with her spooky videos .
KDKA 's Meghan Schiller talks to Beckie Galentine about her newfound fame .
8 hours ago
Pennsylvania Attorney General Talks Mail - In Ballots For Presidential ElectionState Attorney General Josh Shapiro talks mail - in ballots with KDKA 's Meghan Schiller .
8 hours ago
Previewing The First Presidential DebateCBS News ' Ed O'Keefe previews the first presidential debate .
8 hours ago
Gov. Wolf , Lawmakers Say It 's Important To Protect Affordable Care Act During The PandemicGov .
Tom Wolf joined state lawmakers in Bucks County to talk about healthcare Tuesday morning .
The Democrats emphasized the necessity for affordable health care , especially during a pandemic .
8 hours ago
Is It Time To Bring Students Back To The Classroom ?
Is it time to bring students back into the classroom ?
KDKA 's Nicole Ford has more .
8 hours ago
UPMC Doctors Talk Coronavirus
In School - Aged Children
It seems like every week that we ’re hearing about coronavirus cases among students and teachers in various school districts .
KDKA 's Amy Wadas has more on UPMC 's reaction .
9 hours ago
KDKA -TV Evening Forecast ( 9/29 ) Stay on top of local weather with meteorologist Ray Petelin 's forecast !
9 hours ago
Presidential Debate Not Likely To Meet Local Voters ' ExpectationsSome 100 million Americans are expected to tune in to Tuesday night 's presidential debate .
What they would like to hear and what they expect to hear are not always the same ; KDKA 's Jon Delano reports .
9 hours ago
Sharpsburg Police Searching For Mother Who Allegedly Left 12 - Year - Old Girl Living
In Deplorable ConditionsSharpsburg police are looking for a mother who has been on the run for more than a month .
They say she took off on a child welfare check , leaving her daughter behind ; KDKA 's Royce Jones reports .
10 hours ago
UPMC Doctor Talks Possibility Of Coronavirus Vaccine By End Of 2020
Flu season during a coronavirus pandemic has doctors at UPMC on guard .
KDKA's Dr. Maria Simbra has more .
10 hours ago
7 More Westmoreland Manor Residents Test Positive For CoronavirusSeven more residents have tested positive at Westmoreland Manor , where the National Guard arrived this weekend .
11 hours ago
UPMC Nurse Wins Award For Support Group ProgramKDKA 's Kristine Sorensen has more on Caring For The Caregiver , a program created by a local nurse .
11 hours ago
The riddle fell apart somewhere there , but to his credit , the rabid coyote does always tell the truth .
– Alex
Today there is rapidly growing interest in ' intelligent ' computer - based methods that use various classes of measurement signals , from different patient samples , for instance , to create a model for classifying new observations .
This type of method is the basis for many technical applications , such as recognition of human speech , images , and fingerprints , and is now also beginning to attract new fields such as health care .
These ' intelligent ' computer - based methods for classifying patient samples have been evaluated by Swedish researchers at Uppsala University with the help of two methods that have completely dominated research for 25 years ; cross validation and resampling / bootstrapping .
Their conclusion ; they 're worthless for practical problems .
" Especially in applications in which faulty classification decisions can lead to catastrophic consequences , such as choosing the wrong form of therapy for treating cancer , it is extremely important to be able to make a reliable estimate of the performance of the classification model , " explains Mats Gustafsson , Professor of signal processing and medical bioinformatics at Uppsala University , who co-directed the new study together with Associate Professor Anders Isaksson .
To evaluate the performance of a classification model , one normally tests it on a number of trial examples that have never been involved in the design of the model .
Unfortunately there are seldom tens of thousands of test examples available for this type of evaluation .
In biomedicine , for instance , it is often expensive and difficult to collect the patient samples needed , especially if one wishes to analyze a rare disease .
To solve this problem , many different methods have been proposed .
Since the 1980s two methods have completely dominated research , namely , cross validation and resampling / bootstrapping .
" This has entailed that the performance assessment of virtually all new methods and applications reported in the scientific literature in the last 25 years has been carried out using one of these two methods , " says Mats Gustafsson .
In the new study , the Uppsala researchers use both theory and convincing computer simulations to show that this methodology is worthless in practice when the total number of examples is small in relation to the natural variation that exists among different observations .
What is considered a small number depends in turn on what problem is being studied - in other words , it is impossible to determine whether the number of examples is sufficient .
" Our main conclusion is that this methodology cannot be depended on at all , and that it therefore needs to be immediately replaced by Bayesian methods , for example , which can deliver reliable measures of the uncertainty that exists .
Only then will multivariate analyses be in any position to be adopted in such critical applications as health care , " says Mats Gustafsson .
Article : A. Isaksson , M. Wallman , H. Göransson , M.G. Gustafsson Cross-validation and bootstrapping are unreliable in small sample classification , Pattern Recognition Letters Volume 29 , Issue 14 , Pages 1960 - 1965 ( 15 October 2008 )
VANCOUVER , British Columbia ( Reuters ) - Environmentalists have lost a legal challenge to force the Canadian government to abide by the Kyoto Protocol on climate change , which Canada signed but has refused to implement .
The Federal Court on Monday dismissed a lawsuit filed by Friends of the Earth Canada that alleged the government broke the law by missing deadlines for implementing the treaty to cut emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
It is not up to the court to decide if the government acted reasonably in failing to meet its international commitments , and even if it had the power to do so , there was no practical way to enforce a court order , a federal judge ruled .
“ Such an order would be so devoid of meaningful content and the nature of any response to it so legally intangible that the exercise would be meaningless in practical terms , ” Justice Robert Barnes wrote .
Canada ’s former Liberal government signed the Kyoto agreement in 1997 .
The agreement required Canada to cut the country ’s greenhouse gas emissions by 6 percent below 1990 levels by 2012 , but critics contend the Liberals failed to act quickly to implement the deal .
Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper refused to abide by the agreement after he was elected in 2006 , saying the reduction targets were not achievable and that trying to meet them would severely damage the country ’s economy .
Canada ’s emissions of greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide , were 25.3 percent above the 1990 level in 2005 .
They are largely produced by burning fuels such as coal and oil that contain carbon .
The Conservative government last year introduced a plan it said would cut emissions by 20 percent from 2006 levels by 2020 , a target that environmental critics say is hopelessly inadequate .
Friends of the Earth said the court had reneged on its own legal responsibilities by dismissing the lawsuit , and unless the decision is appealed Canada ’s “ woeful inaction ” on climate change would continue .
“ This decision is shocking and a stake in the heart of democracy since it appears we cannot enforce Canadian domestic law , ” Beatrice Olivastri , the group ’s chief executive , said in a written statement .
The government had argued that the issue of Canada ’s response to the Kyoto agreement should be handled by voters not the courts .
Harper won reelection last week to a second minority government , following a campaign in which the Conservatives bitterly attacked Liberal leader Stephane Dion ’s call for a tax on carbon emissions to reduce greenhouse gases .
Have you ever pulled out an old video game cartridge from the attic and plugged it into your Nintendo only to be welcomed by an empty , black screen ?
Are you terrified that this experience will happen again ?
Worry no more , as this article will walk you through the steps necessary to make your video game cartridge function again !
Symptoms
Screen is black - Usually you should expect to see whatever game you loaded .
If you see nothing , then something is wrong .
Usually you should expect to see whatever game you loaded .
If you see nothing , then something is wrong .
Screen is fuzzy or otherwise distorted -
The game loads , but has distorted lines or other funky images on it .
The game loads , but has distorted lines or other funky images on it .
Smoke comes out of the console -
That 's never a good sign .
There are many ways to tell that a cartridge is not working :
Is the problem really in the video game cartridge ?
This is the first question you need to ask yourself before following any of the steps mentioned hereafter .
The problem could not be related to the cartridge , but to the user ( yes , we are talking about you ) .
Check if any of the following apply :
Correct System -
Did you insert the cartridge in the correct system ?
Just because it is a cartridge does n't mean it will play in any cartridge based system .
Make sure you are not attempting to insert your Super Nintendo SNES Chrono Trigger cartridge into an Atari 2600
Correct Orientation - Did you insert the cartridge the correct way ?
There 's only one way in which a cartridge will fit the slot .
Look at the picture below to see if you are doing it correctly .
Power -
Is the electric cord plugged into the outlet ?
Just because the video game is from ancient times does n't mean it does n't need electricity .
Plug the cord into the outlet .
Finally , before determining if a cartridge is broken , try inserting it again using a different angle and different force pressures .
Each cartridge is different in the way you have to insert it ;
This is like a cartridge 's fingerprint .
The angle is usually between 170 to 190 degrees and the force needed to apply while inserting the cartridge is 1 to 4 Newtons .
Experiment with each cartridge until you find the correct insert settings , and once you do make sure to write it down in a safe place .
Repairing a broken cartridge :
Once you have determined that the cartridge is indeed broken , start following the steps listed below .
After each step , attempt to reload the cartridge ;
If it works then you are done , otherwise move on to the next step .
Horizontal blow :
This is also known as the Harmonica blow and is the essence of being a gamer .
All gamers should be familiar with blowing into a cartridge to make it work again .
While it may seem silly at first , there is a strong scientific logic to this method .
When you blow on a cartridge , it heats up the datastrip and the molecules start moving around in circles .
When the molecules cool down again they come to rest at their natural position ( ok so we just made this part up , but still it does n't change the fact that blowing on a cartridge will fix it 99 % of the time )
To blow on the cartridge , hold the cartridge up 3 to 6 inches away from your mouth with the datastrip facing you .
Start blowing on it with a soft , yet steady blow from the left to the right and right to left ( Move the cartridge , not your mouth ) .
Repeat 3 to 4 times .
If you are having problem comprehending this , think of it as playing a harmonica .
Intermittent blow : Same as above , but instead of blowing on the cartridge like a harmonica , blow on the center of the datastrip 3 times with a 1 - 2 second interval .
The Tap : Tap the bottom of the cartridge 3 or 4 times gently .
Excessive force :
When all else fails , it is time to resort to force .
( Caution :
The steps specified here may cause permanent damage to the cartridge , the console , yourself , and your surrounding ) .
This includes , but is not limited to :
Push the cartridge applying excessive force ( up to 2000 Newtons of pressure )
Bang the cartridge on the console
Bang both the cartridge and the console on the wall
By now , either the cartridge is working or it is destroyed way beyond repair .
We hope this guide has been useful and your cartridge is once again operational .
Game on
Advertisements
Russian tanks have spelled victory and freedom for the world from Nazi tyranny , when the monstrous machines rumbled through the ruined streets of Berlin some six decades ago .
We should all be thankful for the Soviet - Russian contribution to the Second World War for without it , I might be writing this column in German .
With the exception of this example above , Russian tanks have spelled foreboding and the crushing of resistance .
They struck relentlessly in Prague , August , 1968 , killing Czech citizens after attempts at political liberalization failed .
They steamrolled in 1979 into Afghanistan , to support the government of the day ( which was Soviet backed ) , but did not leave until 1989 , with tens of thousands dead during the decade of belligerence .
Over recent weeks Russian tanks have trod into once friendly ground , but with the collapse of the Berlin Wall and the demise of the Soviet Union , that ground is now sovereign , independent territory .
The international community has been outraged – perhaps not shocked – by the Russian incursion into the long - sensitive area of South Ossetia .
Advertisements
South Ossetia , which is within the territorial limits of Georgia , is heavily pro-Russian and has , since 1991 , attempted to assert its independence .
While South Ossetia has been de facto independent in most areas , it has not received international recognition as an independent state .
With each side blaming the other for the start of hostilities on 7 August , 2008 , tensions between Georgia , Russia , and Western states have grown ever more intense .
After an initial agreement and a promise by the Russians to withdraw from Georgian territory , the stakes were upped considerably by Russian unilateral recognition of the independence of South Ossetia , and another break - away region of Georgia , Abkhazia .
Russia is now full - out asserting its foreign policy muscle in an increasingly volatile world , for many reasons , with the situation in Georgia being its latest chess move .
Russia has a weakened US counterbalance .
Its “ friend ” across the Bearing Strait is tied down in Iraq , with a faltering economy , $ 9 trillion of debt , and a lame duck president , whose term is about to expire .
It may now inherit a relative unknown Democrat or a war hawk Republican .
The former may not be taken seriously while the latter may just spur Russia to be even more defiant .
Mother Russia is awash in revenue , fueled by soaring oil and gas prices , and commodity prices .
The Russians also feel it is fair for them to assert influence in its own proverbial backyard .
The Russians will always be sensitive to matters in both the former states of the Soviet Union and the Warsaw Pact .
With the US and its extended allies in NATO sticking their noses into areas like Poland ( especially the US with its alleged missile defense shield ) , Russia is feeling pressed , if not threatened .
With the support for South Ossetian and Abkhazian independence , Russia has pulled , in its eyes , exactly the same stunt the West pulled in recognizing Kosovo ’s independence from Serbia – a staunch Russian ally .
This is Russia ’s way of saying , if you will , “ fuck you ” to the West .
Perhaps , and I say perhaps because this is my own crack pot theory , this may very well be former President and present Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ’s foreign policy coming to fruition , but behind the wall that is the some - say puppet President Dmitry Medvedev .
After a decade of much reconciliation under Putin ’s predecessor Boris Yeltsin , Russia has awoken once more on the world stage and will not shy away from confrontation .
Diplomatic threats have been made , NATO has suspended its activities with Russia , and the Americans are making angry noises .
Little can likely be done save for continued diplomatic overtures to perhaps solve this ongoing crisis , but with the recognition of the two separatist regions as states , Russia has opened Pandora ’s Box .
With Russia being a permanent member of the Security Council and thus a veto , there is little the Security Council will achieve on this matter .
The irony is not lost on your writer , that part of the territory subjected to Russian occupation during their overture into Georgia , was Gori : birthplace of Joseph Stalin .
From the gates of Hell , I ’m sure the Man of Steel is smiling .
Our goal is to provide time sensitive , accurate , and essential information to our readers about marijuanapolicies , state laws , drug laws and what they can do to aid in the battle for the legalization of marijuana .
It ’s easier to be happy when you are rich and ignore reality
October 24 , 2008 by lestro
by lestro
That ’s our lesson today kids , brought to you by the letter “ R ” …
The pollsters were in the field asking about happiness this month , a period when economic news was gloomy for everybody and presidential campaign news seemed especially baleful for Republicans .
Yet they found 37 percent of Republicans are “ very happy , ” compared with 25 percent of Democrats ; 51 percent of Republicans and 52 percent of Democrats are “ pretty happy ” ; and 9 percent of Republicans are “ not too happy , ” compared with 20 percent of Democrats .
The partisan happiness gap — unbroken for nearly four decades — is impervious to electoral ups and downs .
It has something to do with worldview .
Right , because a world view in which you refuse to let facts get in the way of belief is like the Land of Make Believe ( plus , the party leader is an obvious puppet … ) where everything goes your way and reality never gets in the way of a good story .
But seriously , says Lehane , if Republicans are more happy , it ’s because they care less .
“ The typical Republican is happy coming home to a 62 - inch television , pulling out a fine bottle of cognac or Scotch , putting his feet on the table and enjoying the fruits of his labor , but not caring what ’s going on in the world outside their living room . . . and their gated community . ”
Government - funded researchers identified the happiness gap in 1972 .
Since then , the Democrats have been comparatively more bummed out not just during the tenures of GOP presidents Ford , Reagan , Bush and Bush .
They were noticeably less joyful than Republicans even during the GOP fiasco of Watergate , and during the Democratic Carter and Clinton administrations .
Not to mention the money .
It ’s a lot easier to be happy when you are loaded .
What ’s the Republicans ’ secret to feeling groovy ?
“ They have more money , ” Paul Taylor , director of the Pew Social & Demographic Trends project , writes in the new report .
“ They have more friends .
They are more religious .
They are healthier .
They are more likely to be married .
They like their communities better .
They like their jobs more .
They are more satisfied with their family life .
They like the weather better . ”
Considering that money is the thing most married couples fight about the most , it is easy to imagine that a home life without said worries would , in fact , be happier .
Plus the better food ( higher quality costs more ) as well as better health insurance , safer neighborhoods and such do n’t hurt …
Not to mention eight years worth of tax cuts .
That ’s always nice too .
And according to the PEW survey , money plays a HUGE role :
Let ’s start with some key demographic indicators .
As is well known , Republicans , on average , have more money than Democrats .
And — all those lectures from parents , teachers and pastors to the contrary notwithstanding — it turns out that money and happiness tend to go hand in hand , not just in this country but all over the world .
15
In the latest Pew survey , some 35 % of those with family incomes above $ 100,000 a year report being very happy , compared with just 27 % of those with annual incomes of less than $ 50,000 .
( A June Pew survey had found an even wider happiness gap by income — 46 % of the $ 100,000 - plus income group reported being very happy in that survey , compared with 30 % of the under $ 50,000 group — perhaps suggesting that the recent stock market miseries have disproportionately intruded on the happiness of those in higher income brackets ) .
Pew surveys also find that Republicans have more money than Democrats — on average , about $ 18,000 more a year in annual family income , according to a February survey .
And when it comes to household wealth , the Republican advantage over Democrats is even greater .
Democrats have also been hit harder by the economic crisis , which is again no surprise considering hte income gap between the parties .
It also explains why Obama was talking about the sub - prime crisis last year and McCain was still saying the economy was strong up until three hours before it was a crisis .
Good thing it ’s the wealthy getting that buyout , eh ?
The survey does offer some reasons though :
Pew found that Democrats are more likely to say that success in life is mostly determined by outside forces .
Republicans lean toward thinking that success is determined by one ’s own efforts .
The hypothesis :
Those who think they can control their destinies are happier .
This also accounts for different views on people and government .
Democrats are more likely to live in cities where they can see the system set up to systematically fuck over working folks and minorities through simple things like basing school funding on property values and then passing the Worst Law in History , No Child Left Behind , which seeks to fix ailing schools by identifying those with needs and then removing money from them .
No , it does n’t make any sense .
It ’s not supposed to .
These are people opposed to the entire idea of public education .
You know , because they can afford a private one …
Democrats are people who believe the government can help folks and that see the suffering and need at a more base level than Republicans .
And let ’s be honest , people without empathy for the suffering of others are of course going to be happier than those who feel your pain …
It is also interesting to note that Republicans say the things that matter most to them are getting married and having children while Dems say the most important thing is a good career .
Again , I tend to think this goes back to money .
When you do n’t have to worry about income , it ’s a lot easier to focus on family than it is when you can’t feed yourself , let alone another baby .
But there is hope .
Even Democrats can increase their happiness by doing one simple thing : radicalizing .
Also : Extremists are happier than moderates , Brooks has concluded .
Hard - core liberals are the happiest liberals and hard - core conservatives are the happiest people on Earth .
Self - certainty is like a happy pill .
The bumper sticker may declare , “ If you ’re not outraged , you ’re not paying attention ” — but the guy behind the wheel is overjoyed .
That ’s right Dems , I know it ’s not in your nature , but it looks like if you want to happier :
Get angry .
Go to a protest .
Sign a petition .
Get on your soapbox and let that righteous anger flow through you .
Pretend you ’re Sarah Palin and someone just questioned how a typical hockey mom spends $ 150,000 on clothes in one month : blame the person asking the question .
Makes sense really , John McCain seems to be one of the angriest motherfuckers around , but still he ’s always got that creepy - ass grin plastered to his face …
A decision by Georgia legislators to relax the state ’s gun laws has led to a dispute over whether people can legally carry concealed firearms in the nation ’s busiest airport , Hartsfield - Jackson Atlanta International .
A Georgia gun rights group filed a lawsuit in Federal District Court in Atlanta on Tuesday after airport officials said they would continue to enforce a ban on concealed weapons in the terminal despite the changes to the state law .
The changes , which were approved by the Georgia legislature in the spring and took effect on Tuesday , relax the state ’s prohibition on carrying weapons on public transportation and in some other areas , including restaurants serving alcohol .
Benjamin R. DeCosta , the airport director , said the changes applied only to public transportation like buses and the city subway and were not intended to allow people to carry guns at the airport .
He said allowing civilians to carry concealed weapons in the terminal , which serves millions of travelers each year , would pose severe problems for the police and airport security workers .
“ We want to make sure the airport is safe and secure , ” Mr. DeCosta said .
He added that airports had previously been the targets of terrorists and that “ there should be no ambiguity to law enforcement as to whether people should be carrying weapons here . ”
How many provisions for jury rights in the United States Constitution can you think of off the top of your head ?
Check your answer here !
Cool invention helps tired players bounce back STANFORD UNIVERSITY
Recommended Video :
Players for the San Francisco 49ers trotted off the field during Sunday 's game against the Detroit Lions and grabbed for the requisite towels and Gatorade .
A few went for something else on the bench , slipping their hands into a coffee - pot - like contraption that stops cramping and overheating .
The device , called the Glove and invented by two Stanford biologists , is used by the Niners during games and at practice for players ' health .
But its applications are far broader : from treating stroke and heart attack victims to allowing soldiers to remain in the field longer under intense heat .
It 's also a proven athletic performance enhancer - billed as better than steroids without any ill effects .
" We use the Glove primarily for health reasons , " said Dan Garza , the 49ers ' medical director .
" But outside of sports , it has potential for a lot of exciting things .
This technology is a much more effective way of cooling the core temperature than what we would typically do - misting , fanning , cold towels , fluids . "
The Glove works by cooling the body from inside out , rather than conventional approaches that cool from outside in .
The device creates an airtight seal around the wrist , pulls blood into the palm of the hand and cools it before returning it to the heart and to overheated muscles and organs .
The palm is the ideal place for rapid cooling because blood flow increases to the hands ( and feet and face ) as body temperature rises .
" These are natural mammalian radiators , " said Dennis Grahn , who invented the device with Stanford colleague Craig Heller .
Grahn and Heller also found that cooling overheated muscles dramatically improved physical performance , allowing athletes to work out harder and longer , and hold on to their gains .
San Francisco 49er , Marcus Hudson , demonstrates the RTX Rapid Thermal Exchanger which is used on the sidelines during football games the cramping of the muscles of players as well as lowering the core temperatures of overheated athletes , at Candlestick Park in San Francisco , Calif. on Sunday Sept. 21 , 2008 .
less San Francisco 49er , Marcus Hudson , demonstrates the RTX Rapid Thermal Exchanger which is used on the sidelines during football games the cramping of the muscles of players as well as lowering the core ... more Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Cool invention helps tired players bounce back 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
" We learned that you can actually reverse that muscle fatigue in a short amount of time , " Heller said .
" And if you cool muscles during rest , you get a much greater recovery than if you rested without cooling . "
In the early 1990s , Heller and Grahn first began looking at using controlled heat to halt tremors in patients coming out of anesthesia .
When they put their device over the hand and arm of a patient at Stanford Medical Center , " The core temperature went up so fast , " Grahn said , " we thought our recording equipment had broken . "
The tremors stopped .
Once the license for their heating technology was sold by Stanford , they shifted their focus to cooling .
The two were interested in exploring therapeutic uses of lowering body temperature , particularly for people with cystic fibrosis and multiple sclerosis .
They turned to exercise as a way to build up a person 's internal heat load and then worked to figure out how to " pull it out through vascular structures , " Grahn said .
Their first " aha " moment in cooling came after they talked their assistant Vinh Cao into doing his regular workouts in the lab instead of at the gym .
His routine included 100 pull - ups .
One day , Grahn and Heller started using an early version of the Glove to cool him for 3 minutes between rounds of pull - ups .
They saw that with the cooling , his 11th round of pull - ups was as strong as his first .
Within six weeks of training with the cooling breaks , Cao did 180 pull - ups a session .
Six weeks later , he went from 180 to 616 .
" I 'll never forget the number 616 , " said Heller .
" He tripled his capacity in six weeks .
We were like , ' Wait a minute , this is crazy ! ' "
While a set of pull - ups might take less than a minute , it 's enough for the temperature of those muscles to rise , Heller said .
" We learned that you can reverse that muscle fatigue in a short amount of time .
And if you cool muscles during rest , you get a much greater recovery than if you rested without cooling . "
Soon , members of the Stanford football team began paying visits to the Grahn and Heller lab .
" After a while , we were watching these guys and saying , ' Oh gee , he only did 700 sit-ups today , ' " Grahn said .
Their findings were published in the American Journal of Applied Physiology , and in 2003 , they received a $ 3 million grant from the Pentagon 's science division , DARPA : the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency .
User friendly
The Glove is now being distributed and redesigned by a company called Avacore Technologies of Ann Arbor , Mich .
Grahn and Heller are board members and working with the company to create a more user - friendly version of the coffee pot -shaped model - which they call " klutzy " - to make it look and feel like an actual glove .
Avacore is in contract with the military to deliver the new , streamlined gloves by the end of the year .
Some 100 units of the cooling device are in Iraq with the 101st Airborne Division .
It is also being used by other football teams , including the Oakland Raiders and the Miami Hurricanes , and by American cyclists who competed in this year 's Tour de France .
" The real benefit to humanity from this technology is that we will be able to induce hypothermia and hyperthermia , " said Chuck Hixson , Avacore 's president .
" This is beneficial in medicine because when you have a heart attack or a stroke , if you can lower the core body temperature below 35 degrees Celsius ( 95 degrees Fahrenheit ) in the first hour , you will substantially eliminate the chance of permanent damage of the heart muscle or brain . "
The Grahn - Heller lab , tucked away on the Stanford campus , is full of the metal , wire , mesh and neoprene carcases of earlier cooling and heating gadgets .
The biologists , who have worked together since 1986 , are a bit of an odd couple .
Grahn , 58 , a former minor - league hockey player , arranges his office into piles , stacks and more piles .
He says , " I keep my exercise levels appropriate for my age and general state of decrepitude . "
Heller , 65 , on the other hand , is upbeat , organized and exceedingly fit .
He dipped into the lab 's candy jar - using the Glove to work up to 1,000 pushups on his 60th birthday .
Still , the two agree that the development of the Glove has been a " long slog " that is nowhere near over .
" We 've put a lot of years into this , " Heller said , " and it 's a big deal for us .
As biologists , we 're not into inventions .
We 're into mainly how biology works .
So it does n't frequently translate into something that 's going to market . "
Grahn said their real interest remains in understanding temperature management " for potential medical disorders .
We just got sidetracked for 10 years . "
Grahn allows , though , that use of the Glove by athletes also has real potential .
" Everyone in sports knows that if you stick a syringe full of steroids in a padded area of your body it will make you play better , " he said .
" Well , we want to say , ' Instead of that , try sticking your hand in the Glove for three minutes and you 'll play better . ' "
Fanny Andersen made some waves a few years ago with a song called Kids then went rel­at­ively quiet for a couple of years , but her new release Wake Up is a really huge comeback single .
I spoke to Fanny on Zoom yesterday to find out what 's been going on in her life , because the lyrics of Wake Up suggest the answer to that is ' quite a lot ' .
She said that she wrote the song during dark times ; when the line " head 's in a limbo " came to her she did n't know exactly what limbo meant , but after Googling it she realised it made total sense in terms of how she felt at that moment : somewhere between being alive and , well , not .
An over­whelm­ing sense of noth­ing­ness .
Fanny added that she wanted the song to sound upbeat because she knows most people do n't listen to lyrics properly and she did n't want her friends to hear it and imme­di­ately phone her asking what was wrong .
Which feeds into the " lying if I said I was fine " line — at the time Fanny was doing a lot of that , going out and getting smashed all the time ( " not recom­men­ded " ) before she even­tu­ally con­fron­ted what was happening , stopped running from herself , " saw a shrink " and got back on top of things .
There 's an EP on its way ; three tracks are in place with a fourth TBC , although she 's written hundreds of songs so there 's no shortage of options .
If you 're wondering why the Zoom chat has resulted in about one ( 1 ) direct quote that 's because the con­ver­sa­tion did n't record properly and I will be taking no further questions on the matter at this time .
Notes on this week 's other new releases :
So you think it 's hard being a parent in today 's society ?
Try having a newborn in a one - room house you built out of mud and rocks !
Actually , my brother - in - law Abe and his wife Josie , are doing just that , and he tells me that little Leo fits quite nicely into their off - the - grid lifestyle .
And they 're happy to share the details of how they 're getting off the grid so others can benefit from their experiences .
While the topics they cover may not fit into the normal definition of " geeky " technologies , learning how to harness your own energy from the sun and the wind , building shelters out of compressed earth , and creating aquaponic systems ( the practice of growing vegetables and fish together in a man- made ecosystem ) seem pretty darn cool and geeky to me .
If this sort of thing intrigues you , Abe and Josie have just updated their Vela Creations website with a ton of useful info and resources on things like wind - power , solar power , water storage , grey water , composting and much , much more .
They are truly " walking the walk " when it comes to getting off the grid and trying to live their lives using sustainable means , and they are documenting all of their projects and research in the hope that others will be inspired to adopt more sustainable lifestyles .
I know reading their site has inspired me to get back to that water collection system project I 've been talking about for too long now ...
A wakeup call for commercial Linux 02008-09-01T15:46:19+00:00
PC World is reporting on a survey showing that community - supported Linux is growing in business at the expense of RedHat and SuSE .
This does n’t surprise me at all .
I run systems using both free and commercial Linux distributions , and the free ones are consistently less of a pain to maintain .
One of the biggest factors is that RedHat and SuSE ’s business model involves selling you a new set of CDs for each new release .
The assumption is that you will down your servers and do a clean reinstall from CD .
Actually upgrading via the package management system is an afterthought , if it ’s supported at all .
Even OpenSuSE does n’t support upgrades properly — the 10.3 upgrade hosed / boot / grub / menu.lst on every system I performed it on , which is the kind of bug that should be caught by even a small amount of testing .
I see this commercial Linux requirement for CD - based reinstalls as frankly stupid .
If you ’re willing to do a full reinstall every year , why not stick with Windows ?
In fact , it was the annoyance of having to keep reinstalling and reconfigure that drove me away from IBM ’s internal Linux desktop image , which is based on one of the commercial distributions .
Furthermore , there ’s an issue of practicality .
Even if I were willing to reinstall and reconfigure everything for the upgrade , the fact is that I ’m in Austin , and the servers are in Dallas .
I do n’t want to have to travel for hours and spend time in a cold , dry machine room .
Reinstalls aside , there ’s also a quality issue .
My experience with RedHat has been consistently negative , with problems ranging from broken Unicode terminal support to broken executables hidden in library packages .
Plus , of course , the running sore that is RPM , and the incredible slowness of the Band - Aid that is Yum .
A lot of the time , people run commercial Linux because they have to , because the commercial software they want to use is only supported on commercial Linux .
IBM Lotus Domino Server is a classic example — it ’s only supported on RedHat Enterprise Linux or SuSE Linux Enterprise Server .
The same is true of Oracle .
Oh , sure , you can get them to run on community - supported Linux distributions , but if you hit technical problems , there ’s no support .
So right now , the commecial Linux business model is to get people to put up with a sub - standard product , in return for having it be someone else ’s fault when something breaks .
I do n’t think that ’s a viable long - term strategy .
I see signs that the application vendors are getting tired of the commercial Linux value - subtract ; they want customers to have a good experience in migrating to Linux , and OS maintenance issues detract strongly from that experience .
Hence Oracle ’s decision to maintain their own Linux , and IBM ’s decision to support Ubuntu as a desktop Linux platform .
It ’s time for RedHat and SuSE to put some serious effort into quality control , and ensure that their Linux offerings exceed the reliability and maintainability of the free Linux distributions .
The “ Oh , you need to reinstall from CD ” excuse is wearing thin .
[ As always , opinions are mine , not IBM’s . ]
" QUARANTINE " OUT NOW
Vote for us for " Best Rock " & " Best Video From Home " in the MTV VMA's
Advertisers and tech companies are slowly honing in on the possibilities of localized , mobile advertising .
Yesterday on the GoogleMobile blog , the search giant announced a big step in that direction with Search with My Location :
Now , using the Gears Geolocation API , Search with My Location approximates your actual location using the same Cell ID technology used by Google maps for mobile .
Now , when smartphone users enter a search term , Google will return results catered to where they are standing at that moment .
Previously , Google ’s mobile search results were tailored to the last location entered into the search engine .
With Google intuiting a user ’s zipcode when they search for things like “ sushi , ” “ pizza , ” or “ weather , ” it ca n’t be long until advertisers get in on paying Google so their results appear on the top of the list for that zipcode ...
" LIPSTICK " : BIPARTISAN APPEAL " LIPSTICK " : BIPARTISAN APPEAL
" They put some lipstick on a pig , but it 's still a pig . "
- Republican John McCain on Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton 's health care plan , 2007 " George Bush has given a mission to Gen.
Petraeus , and he has done his best to try to figure out how to put lipstick on pig . "
- Democrat Barack Obama on the Iraq war , 2007 " You can put lipstick and earrings on a hog and call it Monique , but it 's still a pig . "
- Democrat Ann Richards , about ineffective government programs , 1992 " When there is no agenda and there 's no real direction ... you really can't have a message .
You can put lipstick on a pig all day long , but it is still a pig . "
- Republican John Boehner , about House Democrats , 1998 Source : USA TODAY research WHAT'S ON THE AIR IN 2008 ?
WHAT'S ON THE AIR IN 2008 ?
USA TODAY 's campaign ad tracker lets you watch selected ads , learn more about them and then rate their accuracy and effectiveness .
WASHINGTON  From folksy
Texans to today 's presidential candidates , the line about putting " lipstick on a pig " has been a time - honored and bipartisan weapon in the political arsenal .
Democrat Jim Hightower , then Texas ' agriculture commissioner , used the phrase in 1986 when he lashed out at Ronald Reagan 's farm - credit policies : " It 's like putting lipstick on a pig , " he said .
" You ca n't hide the ugliness . "
Torie Clarke , a Republican and a former Defense Department spokeswoman , partly entitled her how - to book on surviving spin Lipstick on a Pig.
CAMPAIGN : Both sides fight over ' lipstick ' Vice President Cheney criticized Democrat John Kerry 's national security proposals in the 2004 campaign using the same line .
So did Rep. Charles Rangel , D - N.Y. , as he attacked Republicans ' Social Security proposals in 2005 .
Fast - forward to Wednesday , when " lipstick on a pig " became central to the increasingly nasty presidential race between Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain .
McCain charged Obama with sexism , saying Obama 's use of the line jabbed at GOP vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin .
The Alaska governor said during her acceptance speech last week that " lipstick " was the only difference between hockey moms such as herself and a pit bull .
Sherry Bebitch Jeffe , a political scientist at the University of Southern California , said " lipstick on a pig " is a cousin of another old chestnut , the one about making a " silk purse out of a sow's ear . "
" It means taking something that you can't change — that 's a negative — and putting the best spin on it , " Jeffe said .
" It has nothing to do with sexism . "
Political analysts said the flap is further evidence that Palin 's presence on the Republican ticket has literally altered the terms of the presidential race .
" It reflects the fact that we 're in a general election that is incredibly close — and the women 's vote matters completely , " said Carol Hardy - Fanta , director of the Center for Women in Politics and Public Policy at the University of Massachusetts in Boston .
Palin , like Hillary Rodham Clinton , has been a target of sexism , according to Marie Wilson , president of the White House Project , an organization dedicated to promoting women in leadership .
Wilson said , however , that Obama 's " lipstick on a pig " remark does n't measure up in terms of sexism to questions about Palin 's parenting skills or hecklers at a Clinton campaign rally who said , " Iron my shirt . "
" I do n't think this is about sexism , " she said .
" I think this is a phrase that both campaigns have used from time to time to talk about change . "
Debbie Walsh , director of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University , said Obama 's quote " seems like it 's really being taken out of context . "
Walsh invoked another common campaign term for the flap , calling it part of the " silly season , " in which seemingly minor episodes are given greater prominence than they warrant .
" This seems to be taking us off discussion of serious issues , " she said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
CNBC is reporting Fate of Bailout May Rest With Republican Sen. Shelby .
Many members of the U.S. Senate blasted the Bush administration 's Wall Street bailout plan Tuesday , but no senator has come forward so far with an explicit pledge to kill the $ 700 billion proposal .
The rules of the Senate , unlike the House , give individual lawmakers substantial power to delay or halt legislation , but three Senate aides said there were no clear signs yet of that power being exercised .
As the Senate Banking Committee held a hearing on the plan put forward by the Treasury Department , aides said much would depend on Alabama Sen .
Richard Shelby , the committee 's top Republican , who was sharply critical at the hearing .
The outlook for Treasury 's plan would dim greatly if Shelby were to move to block the bill that is expected to emerge soon from congressional debate over the plan , the aides said .
Other senators , including Republicans Jim Bunning of Kentucky and Jim DeMint of South Carolina , have expressed strong concerns .
But the aides said these lawmakers also have stopped short of warning they would work to block the bill .
Another Fax Needed
Senator Shelby ,
Block This Bill "
Senator Shelby
You are correct when you say the crisis was created by " sloppy underwriting and reckless disregard for the risks they were creating , taking , or passing on to others . "
Most importantly you are correct when you state " There are no credible assurances that this plan will work .
We could very well spend $ 700 billion and not resolve the crisis . "
Senator , the odds of failure are 100 % .
The Paulson plan will not create any jobs or help homeowners pay their bills .
Instead it diverts $ 700 billion of taxpayer funds to failed banks that took excessive risks .
The sheer size of the bailout will cause interest rates to rise , further adding to taxpayer woes .
Robbing taxpayers to pay failed banks cannot possibly work !
Printing money and giving it away cannot work either .
If it did work , Zimbabwe would be the most prosperous nation in the world .
Senator Shelby , our prayers are with you that you have the courage to stand up for what you know you must do : Block This Bill .
I ask that you approach fellow Senators Jim Bunning , Chuck Grassley , and Jim DeMint in hope that one or more will have the courage to join you to in preventing what is still a preventable disaster .
Your Name
Your Phone Number
Fax For Bunning , Grassley , DeMint , Ensign , Reid
Dear Senator
Earlier today I asked Senator Richard Shelby to have the courage to stand alone , if necessary , block the Paulson proposal .
Senator Shelby is correct when he states " There are no credible assurances that this plan will work .
We could very well spend $ 700 billion and not resolve the crisis . "
Senator , the odds of failure are 100 % .
The Paulson plan will not create any jobs or help homeowners pay their bills .
Instead it diverts $ 700 billion of taxpayer funds to failed banks that took excessive risks .
The sheer size of the bailout will cause interest rates to rise , further adding to taxpayer woes .
Robbing taxpayers to pay failed banks cannot possibly work !
Printing money and giving it away cannot work either .
If it did work , Zimbabwe would be the most prosperous nation in the world .
Senator , our prayers are with you that you have the courage to stand up with Senator Shelby and do what you know you must do : Block This Bill .
Your Name
Your Phone Number
The Odds Of Success Improve With Every Fax !
Pass this email to 10 others and have them do the same .
I know that Obama 's fond of saying there 's one America , and that reaching across the aisle is the key for salvaging our country and snaring swing votes .
But after tonight , I 'll say it : I have zero interest in being a part of a country that includes Palin , Rudy , their adoring audience , and anyone with whom that speech resonated .
And honestly , I do n't think I 've ever been more embarrassed to be an American .
Great .
That woman knows her family 's names , is a friend of parents with retarded children , went to high school , is a bitch ( sorry , " pitbull with lipstick " ) , hates a media that 's refused to let her write her own script , and hates community organizers .
That was Palin's " star is born " turn — one that proved , incidentally , that with enough applause lines , and rabid reaction that turns most of the other lines into applause lines , anyone can give a cohesive speech .
Like using your baptism to pass a swim test .
Bush is an imbecile , but at least he had a smart father .
There 's nothing here .
A trashy hockey mom and her sidekick , the shell of a major political figure running on his ability to withstand torture .
Which , if that 's the measure of character , says a hell of a lot about our enemies in the war on terror .
Look , I 've always acknowledged that I 'm an elitist .
I'm a faculty brat who got an expensive education , work from home , just got a printed copy of my first book in the mail , have health insurance , and live in a city that exists in a bubble of excessive liberalism .
We have the world 's only green ashtrays , for real .
I 've spent time on the East Coast , but also in the Southeast and Texas — albeit mostly in college towns .
Until now , though , I 've been predictably defensive about it .
Now , I 'll say it :
If this is how the other half lives , I 'm not at all ashamed to look down on them .
These people are vindictive , small - minded , stupid , arrogant , lazy , and manipulative liars .
How they can be so hateful , venomous , and foolhardy , and then blast the Dems for not respecting them , is beyond me .
I could give a fuck less about them , no matter how small their towns are , how virtuous they are , or how much they value weaponry ( which I am currently stocking up on , thank you very much ) .
Nor do I have any sympathy for someone out a job , or low on gas money , or having problems with insurance , if those speeches did n't repel them .
I hate to be a total asshole , but I do n't think this what my great - grandparents came to this country for .
It 's not why friends of mine go to law school .
It certainly has nothing to do with women trying to gain equality with men , or minorities getting a seat at the table .
I 'll take it even further than Robert Reich , who said the right lacks reason .
I do n't live in the same country as them , and am damn proud of it .
Obama may not be perfect , and of course he 's running a political campaign .
But he 's a thoughtful , genuine man with real intellectual curiosity , and optimism that makes even me want to stop sneering .
That 's what America means to me .
Not this bullshit .
Obama 's life is a Great American Story , and the American Dream — not this Matt Scully - spun nonsense .
Give me evolution , urbanism , big spending , and a foreign policy that can read a map .
If that 's a problem , I 'd be fine with someone seceding .
Or leaving .
Labels : politics , rage , sarah palin
Simon is a well - respected web developer from England .
He had a one - year
internship at World Online , during which time he and Adrian developed Django
( Please update your link . )
This page has moved to :
https://www.goodells.net/multiboot/principles.shtml
( Please update your link . )
PRINCETON , NJ -- Gallup Poll Daily tracking encompassing Sunday , Monday , and Tuesday 's interviewing shows Barack Obama retaining a six percentage point , 49 % top 43 % , lead over John McCain among registered voters .
This latest rolling average probably does not reflect much impact of the delayed opening of the Republican National Convention now underway in St. Paul , Minn .
There was little convention activity Monday night due to Hurricane Gustav , and interviewing on Tuesday was , to a large degree , completed before the major prime time speeches at the convention were televised , particularly in the Midwest and Eastern portions of the country .
A review of last week 's tracking during the Democratic convention shows that Obama did not begin to show major gains until the tracking averages reported on Thursday , covering the first three nights of the Denver convention .
So it is possible that any potential McCain convention bounce may not be evident for a few days .
More specifically , there appears to be a great deal of anticipation for the prime time debut of the Republican vice presidential nominee , Gov. Sarah Palin , on Wednesday night .
It is possible that her speech could receive record ratings as Americans tune in to find out more about the woman who was largely unknown until last week and who has dominated news coverage since her selection last Friday .
Then , of course , McCain himself makes his acceptance speech on Thursday night .
The potential impact of the Palin and McCain speeches may not be seen in the tracking data until the weekend .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . ) -- Frank Newport
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Aug. 31 - Sept. 2 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,767 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
Today is Blog Action Day and the theme for this year is poverty .
Poverty is n’t always financial .
In fact , I believe that poverty is multidimensional .
It ’s related to the four facets of prosperity : material , spiritual , physical , and social .
Consequently , there are four kinds of poverty : material poverty , spiritual poverty , physical poverty , and social poverty .
You must fight against all those kinds of poverty if you want to be truly prospered .
Self development plays an important role here .
Only through self development can you put yourself in a position where you defeat poverty in all areas of your life .
Self development grows your capacity so that you are bigger than the situation you face .
It helps you overcome all kinds of poverty in your life .
In this post I ’d like to share some self development tips to help you overcome the four kinds of poverty .
Here they are :
Material
1. Increase your knowledge
It ’s important that you consume the right information when it comes to career and personal finance .
Otherwise you may get wrong advice that leads you into trouble .
Here are three good books on career and personal finance I recommend you to read :
2. Develop your skills
Developing your skills is important to increase your earning potential .
Read 7 Essential Tips for Developing Skills for more information on how to do it .
3 . Manage your finance
You need to manage your income and expenses .
The first step to do that is to take note of every transaction you do .
I already have this habit since I first worked and it helps me a lot in my personal finance .
It allows me to know exactly what my current personal finance situation is .
This way I know if I overspend on something and quickly get it under control .
Spiritual
4 . Find your purpose
You need to find your purpose in life because it gives you meaning and direction in everything you do .
Read A Guide to Finding Your Life Purpose for more tips on it .
5 . Build a spiritual habit
Just like you should regularly exercise to maintain your physical health , you should also have a spiritual habit to grow your spiritual health .
Depending on your spiritual belief , the habit could be praying , meditating , and reading sacred texts , among others .
The important thing here is to make it a habit .
Physical
6 . Build the exercise habit
You need regular exercise to manage your energy .
Regular exercise helps you maintain high - energy state during your days so that you can perform best .
7 . Get enough rest
I was surprised when I first read about the power of nap in How to Stop Worrying and Start Living .
Even seemingly short nap can restore your energy and make you more productive .
I know it ’s not always possible to take a nap , but the point is you should have enough rest to get your energy back .
Social
8. Prioritize relationships
Put relationships as your top priority .
It requires you to sacrifice here and there which is not easy but that ’s how you build a fulfilling life .
One of the best signs that you prioritize relationships is you provide time for others .
The time you provide might not be long , but spending quality time with others will boost your relationships with them .
***
While short , these tips can help your self development .
You can then fight effectively against the four kinds of poverty in your life .
What do you think ?
Do you have other tips to fight life poverty ?
This article is part of October 2008 theme : Winning Attitude
Published in 1991 by Wellesley - Cambridge Press , the book is a useful resource for educators and self - learners alike .
It is well organized , covers single variable and multivariable calculus in depth , and is rich with applications .
There is also an online Instructor 's Manual and a student Study Guide .
The complete textbook is also available as a single file .
( PDF - 38.5MB )
Highlights of Calculus MIT Professor Gilbert Strang has created a series of videos to show ways in which calculus is important in our lives .
The videos , which include real - life examples to illustrate the concepts , are ideal for high school students , college students , and anyone interested in learning the basics of calculus .
›
Watch the videos
Textbook Components
Learn 10 more good UNIX usage habits
Become a UNIX command - line wizard
Let 's face it : Bad habits are hard to break .
But habits that you 've just become comfortable with can be even more difficult to overcome .
Sometimes , a fresh look at things may provide you with an " A - ha , I did n't know you could do that ! " moment .
Building on Michael Stutz 's excellent article , " Learn 10 good UNIX usage habits , " this article suggests 10 more UNIX command - line commands , tools , and techniques that may make you more productive as a UNIX command - line wizard .
The 10 additional good habits you should adopt are :
Use file name completion .
Use history expansion .
Reuse previous arguments .
Manage directory navigation with pushd and popd .
and .
Find large files .
Create temporary files without an editor .
Use the curl command - line utility .
command - line utility .
Make the most of regular expressions .
Determine the current user .
Process data with awk .
Frequently used acronyms MB : Megabyte
Megabyte HTTP : Hypertext Transfer Protocol
Hypertext Transfer Protocol HTTPS : HTTP over Secure Sockets Layer
HTTP over Secure Sockets Layer FTP : File Transfer Protocol
File Transfer Protocol FTPS : FTP over Secure Sockets Layer
FTP over Secure Sockets Layer LDAP : Lightweight Directory Access Protocol
Use file name completion
Would n't it be great if you did n't have to type a long , convoluted file name at the command prompt ?
Well , you do n't , as it turns out .
You can configure the most popular UNIX shells for file name completion , instead .
This functionality works a bit differently in each shell , so I show you how to use file name completion in the most popular shells .
File name completion allows you to type faster and avoid errors .
Lazy ?
Perhaps .
More efficient ?
Definitely !
Which shell am I running ?
What happens if you donât know which shell you 're currently running ?
Although this trick is n't officially part of the 10 more good habits , it 's still pretty useful .
As shown in Listing 1 , you can use the echo $ 0 or ps âp $ $ command to display the shell you 're using .
In my case , I 'm running the Bash shell .
Listing 1 . Determine your shell
$ echo $ 0 - bash $ ps âp $ $ PID TTY TIME CMD 6344 ttys000 0:00.02 âbash
C shell
The C shell supports the most straightforward file name completion .
Setting the filec variable enables the functionality .
( You can use the command set filec ) .
After you start typing the name of a file , you can click Escape , and the shell fills in the name of the file — or as much as it can .
For example , say you have files named file1 , file2 , and file3 .
If you type f , then click Escape , file will be filled out , and you 'll have to type the 1 , 2 , or 3 to complete the appropriate file name .
Bash
The Bash shell also provides file name completion but uses the Tab key instead of the Escape key .
You do n't need to set anything to enable file name completion in the Bash shell ; it 's set by default .
Bash also implements an additional feature .
After typing a portion of a file name , then clicking Tab , if you reach that point at which multiple files satisfy your request and you need to add text to select one of the files , you can click Tab twice more for a list of the files that match what you have typed so far .
Using the earlier examples of files named file1 , file2 , and file3 , start by typing f .
When you click Tab once , Bash completes file ; clicking Tab one more time expands the list of file1 file2 file3 .
Korn shell
For Korn shell users , file name completion depends on the value of the EDITOR variable .
If EDITOR is set to vi , you type part of name , and then click Escape followed by a backslash ( \ ) character .
If EDITOR is set to emacs , you type part of the name , and then click the Escape key twice to complete the file name .
Use history expansion
What happens if you 're using the same file name for a series of commands ?
Well , there 's a shortcut that can quickly retrieve the last file name you used .
As shown in Listing 2 , the !$ command returns the file name that the previous command used .
The file this - is - a - long - lunch - menu - file . txt is searched for occurrences of the word pickles .
After searching , the vi command is used to edit the this - is - a - long - lunch - menu - file . txt file without the need for retyping the file name .
You use the bang , or exclamation point ( ! ) , to access the history , and the dollar sign ( $ ) returns the last field of the previous command .
It 's a great tool if you are using long file names repeatedly .
Listing 2 . Using ! $ to retrieve the last file name used with a command
$ grep pickles this - is - a - long - lunch - menu - file . txt pastrami on rye with pickles and onions $ vi ! $
Reuse previous arguments
The !$ command returns the last argument used with a command .
But what happens if you have a command that used arguments and you want to reuse just one of them ?
The !:1 operator returns the argument used in a command .
The example in Listing 3 shows how you can use this operator in combination with the !$ operator .
In the first command , a file is renamed to a more meaningful name , but to preserve use of the original file name , a symbolic link is created .
The file kxp12.c is renamed in a more readable manner , then the link command is used to create a symbolic link back to the original file name , in case it 's still used elsewhere .
The !$ operator returns the file_system_access.c argument , and the !:1 operator returns the kxp12.c argument , which is the first argument of the previous command .
Listing 3 . Using !$ and !:1 in combination
$ mv kxp12.c file_system_access.c $ ln âs !$ !:1
Manage directory navigation with pushd and popd
UNIX supports a wide variety of directory - navigation tools .
Two of my favorite productivity tools are pushd and popd .
You 're certainly aware that the cd command changes your current directory .
What happens if you have several directories to navigate , but you want to be able to quickly return to a location ?
The pushd and popd commands create a virtual directory stack , with the pushd command changing your current directory and storing it on the stack , and the popd command removing the directory from the top of the stack and returning you to that location .
You can use the dirs command to display the current directory stack without pushing or popping a new directory .
Listing 4 shows how you can use the pushd and popd commands to quickly navigate the directory tree .
Listing 4 .
Using pushd and popd to navigate the directory tree
$ pushd . ~ ~ $ pushd /etc /etc ~ ~ $ pushd / var / var /etc ~ ~ $ pushd /usr / local / bin /usr / local / bin /var /etc ~ ~ $ dirs /usr / local / bin /var /etc ~ ~ $ popd / var /etc ~ ~ $ popd /etc ~ ~ $ popd ~ ~ $ popd
The pushd and popd commands also support parameters to manipulate the directory stack .
Using the +n or -n parameter , where n is a number , you can rotate the stack left or right , as shown in Listing 5 .
Listing 5 . Rotating the directory stack
$ dirs /usr / local / bin /var /etc ~ ~ $ pushd +1 /var /etc ~ ~ /usr/local / bin $ pushd - 1 ~ /usr/local /bin /var /etc ~
Find large files
Need to find out where all your free disk space went ?
Here are a couple of tools you can use to manage your storage .
As shown in Listing 6 , the df command shows you the total number of blocks used on each available volume and the percentage of free space .
Listing 6 . Determining volume usage
$ df Filesystem 512 - blocks Used Available Capacity Mounted on /dev/disk0s2 311909984 267275264 44122720 86 % / devfs 224 224 0 100 % /dev fdesc 2 2 0 100 % / dev map - hosts 0 0 0 100 % / net map auto_home 0 0 0 100 % /home
Want to find the largest files ?
Use the find command with the - size parameter .
Listing 7 shows how to use the find command to find files larger than 10 MB .
Note that the - size parameter takes a size in kilobytes .
Listing 7 .
Find all files larger than 10MB
$ find / - size +10000 k âxdev âexec ls âlh {}\ ;
Create temporary files without an editor
This is a simple one :
You need to quickly create a simple temporary file but do n't want to fire up your editor .
Use the cat command with the > file - redirection operator .
As shown in Listing 8 , using the cat command without a file name simply echoes anything typed to standard input ; the > redirection captures that to the specified file .
Note that you must provide the end - of - file character when you 're finished typing — typically , Ctrl - D .
Listing 8 .
Quickly create a temporary file
$ cat > my_temp_file.txt
This is my temp file text ^D $ cat my_temp_file.txt
This is my temp file text
Need to do the same thing but append to an existing file instead of creating a new one ?
As shown in Listing 9 , use the >> operator , instead .
The >> file - redirection operator appends to an existing file .
Listing 9 .
Quickly append to a file
$ cat >> my_temp_file.txt
More text ^D $ cat my_temp_file.txt
This is my temp file text More text
Use the curl command - line utility
I can access the Web from the command line ?
Are you crazy ?
No , it 's just curl !
The curl command lets you retrieve data from a server using the HTTP , HTTPS , FTP , FTPS , Gopher , DICT , TELNET , LDAP , or FILE protocols .
As shown in Listing 10 , I can use the curl command to access the current local conditions of the National Weather Service for my location ( Buffalo , NY ) .
When combined with the grep command , I can retrieve the conditions in Buffalo .
Use the -s command - line option to suppress curl processing output .
Listing 10 .
Retrieve the current weather conditions with curl
$ curl âs http://www.srh.noaa.gov/data/ALY/RWRALY
| grep BUFFALO BUFFALO MOSUNNY 43 22 43 NE13 30.10R
As shown in Listing 11 , you can also use the curl command to download HTTP - hosted files .
Use the -o parameter to specify where the output is saved .
Listing 11 .
Use curl to download HTTP - hosted files
$ curl -o archive .
tar http://www.somesite.com/archive.tar
This is really just a hint of what you can do with curl .
You can start exploring a bit more simply by typing man curl at your command prompt to display the complete usage information for the curl command .
Make the most of regular expressions
Many UNIX commands use regular expressions as arguments .
Technically speaking , a regular expression is a string ( that is , a sequence of characters composed of letters , numbers , and symbols ) that represents a pattern defining zero or more strings .
A regular expression uses meta-characters ( for example , the asterisk [ * ] and question mark [ ? ] symbols ) to match parts of or whole other strings .
A regular expression does n't have to contain wildcards , but wildcards can make regular expressions useful for searching for patterns and manipulating files .
Table 1 shows some basic regular expression sequences .
Table 1 . Regular expression sequences
Sequence Description Caret ( ^ )
Matches the expression at the start of a line , as in ^A Question mark ( ? )
Matches the expression at the end of a line , as in A ? Backslash ( \ )
Turns off the special meaning of the next character , as in \^ Brackets ( [ ] )
Matches any one of the enclosed characters , as in [ aeiou ]
( Use a hyphen [ - ] for a range , as in [ 0 - 9 ] . ) [ ^ ]
Matches any one character except those enclosed in brackets , as in [ ^0 - 9 ]
Period ( . )
Matches a single character of any value except end of line Asterisk ( * )
Matches zero or more of the preceding characters or expressions \{x , y\} Matches x to y occurrences of the preceding \{x\} Matches exactly x occurrences of the preceding \{x , \} Matches x or more occurrences of the preceding
Listing 12 shows some of the basic regular expressions used with the grep command .
Listing 12 .
Using regular expressions with grep
$ # Lists your mail $ grep '^ From : ' /usr / mail / $USER $ #
Any line with at least one letter $ grep ' [ a - zA - Z ] ' search - file.
txt $ # Anything not a letter or number $ grep ' [ ^a - zA - Z0 - 9 ] search - file.
txt $ # Find phone numbers in the form 999-9999 $ grep ' [ 0 - 9 ] \ { 3 \ } - [ 0 - 9 ] \ { 4\} ' search - file.
txt $ # Find lines with exactly one character $ grep ' ^ . $ ' search - file . txt $ # Find any line that starts with a period " . " $ grep ' ^\. ' search - file.txt $ # Find lines that start with a " . " and 2 lowercase letters $ grep ' ^\. [ a - z ] [ a - z ] ' search - file.txt
Many books have been written just about regular expressions .
For a more in - depth look at command - line regular expressions , I suggest the developerWorks article , " Speaking UNIX , Part 9 : Regular expressions . "
Determine the current user
At times , you may have an administrative script that you want to make sure a certain user has or has not executed .
To find out , you can use the whoami command to return the name of the current user .
Listing 13 shows the whoami command run on its own ; Listing 14 shows an excerpt from a Bash script using whoami to make sure the current user is n't root .
Listing 13 .
Using whoami from the command line
$ whoami John
Listing 14 .
Using whoami in a script
if [ $ ( whoami ) = " root " ] then echo " You can not run this script as root . " exit 1 fi
Process data with awk
The awk command always seems to live in the shadows of Perl , but it can be a quick , useful tool for simple command - line - based data manipulation .
Listing 15 shows how to get started with the awk command .
To get the length of each line in the file text , use the length ( ) function .
To see if the string ing is present in the file text , use the index ( ) function , which returns the location of the first occurrence of ing so that you can use it for further string processing .
To tokenize ( that is , split a line into word - length pieces ) a string , use the split ( ) function .
Listing 15 .
Basic awk processing
$ cat text testing the awk command $ awk '{ i = length ( $ 0 ) ; print i } ' text 23 $ awk '{ i = index ( $ 0 , âingâ ) ; print i} ' text 5 $ awk ' BEGIN { i = 1 } { n = split ( $ 0 ,a , " " ) ; while ( i <= n ) { print a [ i ] ; i++;} } ' text testing the awk command
Printing specified fields of text file is a simple awk task .
In Listing 16 , the sales file consists of each salesperson 's name followed by a monthly sales figure .
You can use the awk command to quickly total the sales for each month .
By default , awk treats each comma-separated value as a different field .
You use the $n operators to access each individual field .
Listing 16 .
Using awk for data summarization
$ cat sales Gene , 12,23,7 Dawn , 10,25,15 Renee , 15,13,18 David , 8,21,17 $ awk - F , '{print $ 1 , $ 2+$ 3+ $ 4} ' sales Gene 42 Dawn 50 Renee 46 David 46
The awk command can be complex and used in a wide variety of situations .
To explore the awk command more fully , start with the command man awk in addition to the resources mentioned in the Related topics .
Conclusion
Becoming a command - line wizard takes a bit of practice .
It 's easy to keep doing things the same way simply because you 're used to it .
Expanding your command - line resources can provide a big increase in your productivity and propel you toward becoming a UNIX command line wizard !
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Bob Dullam is a man possessed - by a lot of things , surely , but mainly by the drive to build this absolutely amazing working replica of Batman 's current - gen Batmobile , the Tumbler .
Our buddies over at Jalopnik have spotted it , and It 's got it all - the afterburner , the huge honking double - barrel wheels , the stealth - toothiness on all of the edges - immaculate .
Dullam threw it all together with nothing more than commonly available photos and the movies themselves , all custom welded , in his own garage by himself .
And if you 're assuming he 's got a pretty impressive Batsuit to go with it , you 're right .
Advertisement
Man Builds Batman Tumbler Replica Single - Handedly
In the pantheon of awesome fan art , Bob Dullam holds a place of high regard after his work on a… Read more
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Bob estimates when all is said and done , his labor of love will cost him anywhere from $ 50 k - $ 70 k .
And even after repeated pleading on the Super Hero Hype forums where he 's showing it off , he ain't sellin ' .
At least not until he needs to liquify some assets to work on a working Batpod , which he 's setting his sights on next .
Head to Jalopnik and the boards for more .
[ SuperHeroHype via Jalopnik ]
( CNN ) -- Pirates who seized a Ukrainian vessel loaded with tanks and weapons off the African coast have lowered their ransom demand to $ 5 million .
The pirates initially demanded $ 35 million and no military action , said Andrew Mwangura of the Kenya Seafarers Association .
They decreased their demands for several reasons , Mwangura said .
Those reasons include that the crew is from eastern Europe and not the United States , the weapons the ship carries are secondhand , and there is no way to unload the tanks without coming onto land , he said .
The vessel Faina , flying a Belize flag , was headed to the Kenyan port of Mombasa after departing Nikolayev , Ukraine , according to Lt. Col.
Konstantin Sadilov , spokesman for the Ukrainian defense ministry .
He said it was seized by pirates Thursday not far from its destination .
According to the defense ministry , the ship was carrying 33 Soviet - made T - 72 tanks , tank artillery shells , grenade launchers and small arms .
The weapons were sold to Kenya by the Ukraine , said Ukraine Defense Minister Yuri Yekhanurov , according to the Interfax - Ukraine news agency .
He said that the entire shipment was contracted and carried out by Ukrspetzexport , Ukraine 's state arms exports monopoly , and that it would know better exactly what was on board .
The ship deliberately took a route far from the coast of Somalia , where pirates are known to operate , in an attempt to avoid them , the minister said .
The Kiev - based source told Interfax on Saturday that radio contact was made with the ship 's captain , who reported that the crew has come down with malaria .
However , the source said the claim might have been an attempt to hasten negotiations .
Ukraine 's anti-terrorist center in its capital , Kiev , is analyzing the situation and consulting with military and security experts , Sadilov told CNN .
Ukrainian diplomats are also working in Kenya to resolve the situation , he said .
The Pentagon said U.S. naval ships in the area are " monitoring the situation . "
" I think we 're looking at the full range of options here , " Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said , because the United States does not want the pirates to dock the ship in Somalia and offload the weapons .
The ship 's crew consists of 17 Ukrainians , three Russians and a Latvian .
U.S. officials said the ship reported being surrounded by three small boats of pirates while sailing 250 miles off the coast of Somalia .
The Russian patrol ship Neustrashimy , which left Wednesday for the coast off Somalia , may help crack down on pirates , a source in the Russian Baltic Fleet headquarters told Interfax - AVN on Friday .
And the Russian Navy 's commander , Adm . Vladimir Vysotsky , told Interfax that Russia plans to send combat ships to the Somali coast to fight piracy .
" We have such plans for the near future , " he said .
" However , Russian ships will not be involved in any international operations .
They will do this job on their own . "
U.S. officials , meanwhile , said they are urging all commercial shippers to carry security personnel on their decks when sailing near Somalia .
Earlier this week , a U.S. Navy warship fired warning shots at a small boat that got too close to it , fearing a possible attack .
Meanwhile , Mwangura said an Egyptian ship seized by pirates has been released , and a Japanese ship was released after a $ 2 million ransom was paid .
In addition , a Greek ship was seized by pirates Friday , he said .
The ship has a Romanian crew and was heading from Europe to the Middle East .
CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow and Barbara Starr in Washington contributed to this report .
All About Ukraine • Somalia • Pirates
This post may cover some similar ground to that which Dave has been treading but I ’m just trying to document my experiences as they occur .
By virtue of my association with zigGIS , I ’ve been involved with using PostgreSQL and PostGIS in the ArcGIS envrionment for some time now .
One of the primary sources of excitement about 9.3 for me was that ArcSDE would finally support PostgreSQL as an RDBMS platform .
ArcSDE has always been positioned as an enterprise platform and has , therefore , been rather expensive .
This expense has been compounded by the need to also separately license an RDBMS platform such as Oracle , SQL Server or DB2 in addition to ArcSDE .
PostgreSQL helps alleviate some of that cost while also providing very advanced capability .
PostgreSQL is an outstanding , enterprise - quality RDBMS platform .
My hope is that the support by ESRI will raise its profile here in the States to the point that more organizations will realize how well it matches up to its better - known proprietary counterparts .
I have been experiementing with the ArcSDE 9.3 for PostgreSQL beta and release candidate .
This post will describe what ’s been working for me .
Before going on , however , I stongly recommend reading Paul Ramsey ’s post debating the need for ArcSDE .
The post itself and the Nabble discussion it references are both outstanding discussions that contain many points I agree with .
My post will assume that you intend to use ArcSDE with PostgreSQL .
One thing that becomes readily apparent is that the single - database model with direct connect is the way to go with PostgreSQL .
If you run the default installation and post - installation , you end up with the typical “ sde ” database with all of the ArcSDE system tables and functions and the like set up as can be seen in this screen clip from PgAdmin .
The post - installer will also give you the option to create a service to use a giomgr process .
If you choose to do this , you will end up with the usual ArcSDE service using esri_sde on port 5151 .
This is where the design of PostgreSQL comes into play .
PostgreSQL uses both databases and schemas .
Schemas are contained within a database .
Schemas are roughly equivalent to databases in SQL Server ( I said roughly ) .
PostgreSQL does not allow cross -database referencing so it ’s important not to get caught up in “ SQL Server thinking ” when considering databases .
This screen capture shows what I mean ( I tried registering a PostGIS layer in the arcsde_test1 database using the esri_sde service which connects to the sde database ) .
What this means in terms of ArcSDE is that the old multiple - database model ( one “ sde ” database and multiple user databases with spatial data ) does n’t really work here .
With SQL Server , you could use the esri_sde giomgr process to access spatial data in any database on the server .
In PostgreSQL , it gives you access to data in multiple schemas in one database .
If you want to store data in another database , you need to run the post - installer to set up the ArcSDE objects in that database and let it create another service listening on a different port .
You can see how this could get cumbersome .
So , really , it ’s just time to give up the giomgr process and just use direct connect or do all of your spatial work in one database .
My preference is for direct connect ( which has been the ESRI - recommended approach for a while now , anyway ) .
In this case , you still use the post - installer to set up the ArcSDE objects in your database but you do n’t create the service .
You ’ll then use a direct connect string to access your data ( sde:postgresql:localhost for example ) , specifying your database .
This means you ’ll have the ArcSDE objects installed in each database you want to use with ArcSDE .
This approach not unlike what you need to to with PostGIS .
In fact , if you want to use PostGIS geometries with ArcSDE , you will need to install both PostGIS and ArcSDE in your database .
In this case you need to create the database first using the PostGIS template database and then install the ArcSDE objects into the database .
ArcSDE always installs in its own schema so its pretty well segmented from everything else .
I tried setting up a PostGIS / ArcSDE template database to simplify things but it simply did n’t work .
For the ArcSDE objects to be properly configured , you have to use the post - installer .
This is something that ESRI may want to take a look at in the future since using a template database in quite convenient and sort of the standard approach in PostgreSQL .
So now I have a couple of databases configured with the ArcSDE and PostGIS objects .
Although I will eventually get around to testing ST_GEOMETRY , my real interest is in seeing what I can do with the PostGIS data type .
In my next post , I ’ll take a couple of different paths to get data into PostgreSQL / PostGIS / ArcSDE and see what types of things I can do .
To be continued …
( CNN ) --
Gas prices across the Southeast and Midwest soared over the weekend , and while many would blame Hurricane Ike , human nature may be a more likely scapegoat .
i Reporter Stacy Haynes said this Harriman , Tennessee , station was selling regular gas at $ 5.09 a gallon Saturday .
Experts say that when a perception exists that gas is limited -- warranted or not -- consumers flock to the pumps even if officials implore them to stay calm .
It 's a combination of fear , desire , distrust and protectionism , experts say .
" When you have a perceived scarcity of any product , research shows the attractiveness of that product goes up , " said Dr. Rao Unnava , marketing professor at Ohio State University .
Grocery and department stores are keenly aware of the phenomenon , Unnava said , which is why sale flyers often declare things like , " limit three items per customer " or " price valid only through Friday . "
Research shows that such advertisements can actually double or triple sales of a product , Unnava said .
" People do n't feel comfortable with scarcity , " he said .
With gasoline , scarcity is a false perception , Unnava said .
There is ample gas in the United States , even after Ike delivered 110 - mph winds to Galveston and Houston , an area that 's home to a significant portion of the nation 's oil refineries .
Do n't Miss Complaints of rising gas prices as Ike hits
Complaints of rising gas prices as Ike hits
Ike leaves long trail of destruction
Ike leaves long trail of destruction
In depth : Hurricane Ike
Gov. Rick Perry announced Monday that Texas ' oil and gas industry " dodged a bullet " and that " some of those refineries are actually back in operation as we speak . "
This is n't to say human nature alone drove the spike in gas prices ; the oil market 's supply side certainly played its part .
Refineries , pipeline and oil platforms are still being assessed after Ike , but the damage apparently is n't as severe as predicted , said Gregg Laskoski , spokesman for the southern region of the American Automobile Association .
Despite the rosier - than - expected outlook , prices spiked all over the nation after Ike struck the Gulf Coast -- about 6 cents a gallon Saturday , another 6 cents Sunday and about 5 cents Monday .
Particularly hard hit was the central and eastern United States .
From Sunday to Monday alone , 23 states saw the average price of gas jump about a nickel or more a gallon , according to AAA .
iReport.com : Send , see photos of gas prices
In Tennessee , the price jumped about 17 cents to $ 4.12 Monday .
In Georgia , the price climbed about 14 cents to $ 4.16 .
Michigan saw an almost 13 - cent increase , and Indiana 's gas went up 12 cents a gallon .
See gas prices state by state »
Several factors drive these fluctuations , Laskoski said , including the method in which gasoline is delivered to a state .
In Florida , he said , the price went up nominally ( about 5 cents ) from Sunday to Monday because the Sunshine State relies more heavily on gas shipped on boats out of Louisiana and Mississippi , he said .
Though Georgia abuts Florida , it does n't have as many ports and relies more on tanker trucks to deliver gas from the Galveston - Houston area , Laskoski said .
Hear how man ran out of fuel looking for gas in Atlanta , Georgia »
Another factor , Laskoski said , is that Ike prompted many oil companies to shut down operations ahead of the storm .
It could take up to two weeks to get some refineries operational again because it's not as simple as flipping a switch , he said .
The hiatus in oil production has ripple effects , and retailers often raise prices in anticipation of gas shortages .
Gas station owners earn only a few pennies of profit on each gallon of gas , Laskoski said , explaining that proprietors essentially use gas to lure consumers into convenience stores to buy cigarettes , beer and potato chips -- items that draw better profits .
When supply is low and retailers are uncertain when they 'll receive their next gas shipment , some proprietors actually raise their gas prices so they can keep their gas supply longer and maintain profits from their snacks and sundries .
But while diminished refinery capacity helps drive prices upward , there is also an element of " consumer behavior that goes beyond the norm , " Laskoski said .
" When you have consumer behavior that 's irrational , it 's hard for retailers to schedule it , " he said .
Dr. Lars Perner , assistant professor of clinical marketing at the University of Southern California , said natural disasters often spawn irrational behavior .
The media can also compound fears , he said .
" As soon as somebody starts running for the gas pumps , that 's where the TV cameras go , so it does become a vicious cycle , " Perner said .
Even though everyone would be better off if consumers continued their normal patterns , people do n't always trust their neighbors to cooperate .
This is especially true with an " emotional commodity " like gas , Perner said .
" Because you can't count on other people doing that , your best bet is to go ahead and fill up yourself , " he said .
" If people get excited , rationality tends to be reduced somewhat . "
Perner and Ohio State 's Unnava both note that consumers are often reluctant to trust government officials so an appeal to remain calm might be met with suspicion rather than acquiescence .
Memories -- whether they 're of the calamitous response after Hurricane Katrina or of the gas shortages of the 1970s -- also play roles in a consumer 's reaction to an event , the professors said .
According to Unnava , " It 's all perception -- what you conclude from what you see around you -- that quickly sets up these behaviors . "
All About Gas Prices • American Automobile Association
Every year , Privacy International shows the countries that think 1984 was an instruction manual rather than a novel .
Countries in black are the worst – and we 're one of them .
We love the internet , but not everyone seems to share our enthusiasm .
Some people hate it because it has destroyed their business models .
Some hate it because people slag them off online .
And some hate it because they 're crazed totalitarian nutcases .
Let 's find out who they are .
Actors
Harrison
Ford is n't keen on the web : " I hate the internet , " he said , adding " any kind of rubbish goes on the internet and it can have a fucking life of its own . "
He 's not the only one : while promoting Leatherheads , George Clooney mocked " a thousand people sitting in dark rooms trashing you … you 're like , ' wow , dude ! ' "
Then he tried to smash the internet with a hammer .
We made that last bit up .
High street shops
In 2005 , the boss of HMV dismissed the internet as an irrelevance .
In 2006 , he resigned after competition from cheap online shops and download services wiped out HMV 's profits .
Now , the world 's biggest music retailer is n't HMV , or any high street chain , it 's Apple .
The internet has n't just ruined music retailing .
Online shopping and price checking services have forced all kinds of retailers to slash their profit margins just to stay in business – and many of them still did n't make it .
Things will only get worse for the high street as the internet moves to our mobiles and tells us when there 's a better deal next door .
Hollywood studios
Before the internet , studios could release any old bobbins and make a fortune .
Now , spies in focus groups and leaks from insiders can kill the buzz on a movie before it 's even finished , and file sharers are trading blockbusters on the day of release .
The studios ' attitude to the internet is like Robert De Niro 's attitude to Ben Stiller in Meet the Parents : gritted - teeth acceptance rather than joyous love .
The Church of Scientology
The famously litigious not - a - cult - honest - guv spends a lot of time chasing internet leaks and online criticism .
We 'd say more , but as we discovered a few months back , they know where we live .
Eek !
Pop stars
Prince sues fans for uploading their own images , Elton John wants the internet shut down for a few years because it 's destroying good music and Roger Daltrey feels " about as useful as a pork chop in a synagogue with all this internet bollocks … go out .
Get a life " .
We 'll just gently point out that all three internet - hating gentlemen are , ahem , somewhat past their sell - by dates .
The RIAA
To paraphrase The Sixth Sense : " I sue dead people ! "
And grannies ! "
Tabloid newspapers
Maybe it 's because the internet is killing the classified ads that keep their local papers in business , or maybe it 's just that their readers fear anything that 's happened since 1956 .
Either way , the result is that a number of newspapers go out of their way to find negative things to say about the internet and never let the facts get in the way of a good story .
Metallica
Although technically pop stars , the ageing metal millionaires deserve a category to themselves : as if attempting to nobble Napster and inadvertently making file sharing even more popular was n't enough , they 're still whingeing about the internet – this time , because it lets fans listen to their new album and tell one another that it sounds rotten .
ISPs
Internet service providers and phone companies have a love - hate relationship with the internet : on the one hand they 'd like us to use the internet , but on the other they 'd prefer us not to use it too much – because if we do , they 'll have to spend a fortune on upgrading their networks and bandwidth capacity .
Hence bandwidth caps , insane mobile access charges , ' fair use ' policies and the whole net neutrality debate .
The Iranian government
According to Reporters Without Borders , the Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad " is so little able to bear criticism that even an ironic article about his bodyguards ' dogs earned one blogger , Reza Validazeh , two weeks in jail in December 2007 " .
High - speed connections have been banned since 2006 , most external content is censored and websites have to be registered with the government .
The Chinese government
When it comes to hating the internet , the Chinese government are the experts : not only do they crack down on free speech and prevent people from seeing anything they do n't approve of , but they 've persuaded Western giants such as Google and Yahoo ! to go along with them .
Reporters Without Borders routinely highlights China in its annual Internet Enemies list , and notes that " The country is already the world 's largest prison for cyber - dissidents . "
The UK government
We 're not as bad as China or Iran , but our government is still rather keen on using the internet to keep tabs on the entire population .
In Privacy International 's list of surveillance societies , the UK is in the same ' black ' category as those bastions of freedom , Russia and Singapore .
Painful .
Asia fell due to fears in the banking sector and overall global economy after the US experienced it ’s worst week in seven years .
German bank Hypo Real Estate required urgent financial assistance and countries across Europe have started to guarantee all savings and not just limited portions as in the past .
Ireland started the trend of 100 % guarantee and that has since been copied by Greece , Germany and late last night , Denmark .
In an effort to prevent runs on the bank and money shifting from an unprotected to a fully protected banking country , other countries will surely follow soon .
In Europe , heads of state gathered as more financial problems arrived in the banks .
Attempts were made to build a US - like rescue package though they were unable to agree on a coordinated plan .
The bank guarantees only highlighted the banking problems and at opening , Europe has fallen over 4 % .
This is going to be the first real test of both the euro and the European Central Bank ( ECB , which is like the Fed ) as the Eurozone economies head into recession .
Enlarge By Yoshikazu Tsuno , AFP / Getty Images Yuriko Koike , one of five candidates vying to head the ruling Liberal Democratic Party , greets supporters in Tokyo on Tuesday .
The former defense minister and TV anchor is trailing in the polls .
HONG KONG  Hillary Rodham Clinton and Sarah Palin are n't the only women taking a whack at the political glass ceiling this year .
In Japan , a woman for the first time is attempting to become president of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) — a position that would make her the country 's next prime minister .
Yuriko Koike , a former defense minister and television anchor , was even calling herself " Japan 's Hillary " until Barack Obama clinched the U.S. Democratic presidential nomination .
Koike , 56 , is one of five candidates vying to be head of the party that has ruled Japan for most of the last half - century .
Party officials will pick their new leader Monday .
The president of the LDP ends up as prime minister because the party predominates in the lower house of parliament .
The leadership shake - up was set in motion Sept. 1 when Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda , unpopular and mired in bickering with the political opposition , unexpectedly resigned .
Koike is a long - shot contender .
The clear front - runner is former foreign minister Taro Aso , 67 , known for his love of manga comics , his broad smile and unapologetic attitude toward Japan 's World War II aggression against neighboring China and Korea .
The other candidates are legislator Nobuteru Ishihara , legislator and economic policymaker Kaoru Yosanu and former defense minister Shigeru Ishiba .
In Japan , Koike says , the barriers to ambitious women are made of iron , not glass .
But she has enlivened what might have been a dull leadership contest , says Tokyo political analyst Michael Cucek .
" With Koike in the race , the election at least seems to have significance beyond the simple coronation of the one who has been called the ' Grinning Prince , ' " Cucek says .
Koike 's quixotic candidacy is a symbolic breakthrough .
" I would like a female prime minister because she can understand what women are going through much better than men , " says college student Kaori Sekiguchi , 20 , referring to the difficulties of balancing motherhood and working , taking care of aging parents and managing household finances .
The aging males who dominate Japanese politics have n't always shown much understanding of women 's issues .
Japan took four decades to approve birth - control pills , but just six months to OK the male impotence drug Viagra .
Last year , the LDP 's former health minister , Hakuo Yanagisawa , famously called women " baby - making machines . "
And the United Nations ranked Japan 54th of 177 countries in terms of economic and political power of women — well behind most rich countries .
Koike took an unusual path to prominence .
She left college in Japan to study Arabic in Cairo .
( Her website is available in Japanese , English and Arabic . )
After working as a translator , she moved into broadcast journalism and won awards for her work during the 1990 - 1991 Gulf War .
She entered politics in 1992 and was elected to parliament for the short - lived opposition Japan New Party .
Over the years , she has jumped from one party to another — five in all — earning the nickname wataridori or migratory bird .
She eventually made her way to the ruling LDP .
She has served as environmental minister , defense minister and national security adviser .
Critics such as commentator Yumiko Yokota say Koike has not accomplished much during her years in office — other than the well - publicized " Cool Biz " program to save energy from air conditioning by getting office workers to wear lighter clothes during the summer .
Koike is widely seen as a proxy for the LDP 's maverick former prime minister , Junichiro Koizumi , who announced his support for her candidacy last week .
Koizumi had recruited her to run as one of his " ninja assassins " in the 2005 election to the lower house of parliament against party renegades who refused to support his economic reforms .
" She does n't have her own policies or views , " says Tokyo political analyst Minoru Morita .
Another woman , Seiko Noda , 48 , who is a five - term member of Japan 's House of Representatives , may have a better shot to make a future run at becoming Japan 's first woman prime minister , Cucek says .
Noda , who is politically savvy and comes from a political dynasty , is still rebuilding support within the LDP after clashing with Koizumi in 2005 .
Otherwise , she would already " be giving Aso the willies , " Cucek says .
" Noda 's time will come . " Kawamura reported from Tokyo .
Contributing : Wire reports Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Last week , the Austin City Council approved a $ 2.3 billion purchasing agreement with what will become the largest wood - waste - fueled biomass plant in the United States .
The city will buy all power produced by the 100 megawatt facility for the next 20 years
Once completed — which should be sometime in 2012 — the Sacul , Texas plant will be the largest of it ’s kind in the country .
The facility will generate power from burning wood waste from logging and mill operations , urban waste from tree clearing and trimming , and from shipping pallets .
All sources of fuel are required to meet Texas Renewable Energy Credit Standards and Texas Forestry Management Practices .
Businesses and some environmental groups have nonetheless voiced concern over the cost of the project and its environmental impact .
Addressing Cost and Enviornmental Concerns
Tom “ Smitty ” Smith , Executive Director of Public Citizen , an environmental and government watchdog organization , likes the basic concept but has voiced concern about pollution from the plant and the availability of fuel .
The plant will require 1 million tons of fuel per year .
>> BioTown , USA : Is Total Energy Self - Sufficiency Possible ?
Vice president for Nacogdoches Power , Tony Callendrello , said that about 2 million tons of fuel are available within 75 miles of where the plant is to be built .
Weihuan Xu , an economist for the Texas Forest Service , has studied the availability of biomass fuel in the region and says there appears to be sufficient sources of fuel for the Nacogdoches project , adding the caveat that there are others interested in building biomass plants in central and east Texas :
“ At the same time , they [ Nacogdoches ] are not the only ones who want to build .
The dynamic of it is ultimately depending on who is going to build first and how much total will be built . ”
As for air pollution from burning wood - waste biomass , A&M chemical engineering professor Mark Holtzapple , who specializes in biofuels , says that wood - waste can generate carbon - neutral power because the carbon released is balanced by the carbon sequestered by trees as they grow .
The fuel also releases little , if any , sulfur , Holtzapple says , which is commonly found in the air around fossil fuel burning power plants .
The ash from the biomass plant can also be recycled and put back into the land as fertilizer .
Austin Energy expects the cost of the plant to be recovered through a fuel charge or through “ GreenChoice ” , the utility ’s green power program .
Depending on the cost of natural gas when the plant goes online in 2012 , the average electric bill for consumer will range from an $ 1.50 decrease in rates to a $ 2.50 increase .
Austin Energy General Manager Roger Duncan expects the cost of natural gas to continue to escalate , and thus the biomass plant to save consumers money :
“ The projection is that natural gas prices will continue to escalate over the long - term , ” Duncan said .
“ The higher natural gas prices rise , the more this project will save our customers since the biomass - generated power effectively replaces natural - gas - fueled generation for the utility ”
Looking to 2020
The power purchase agreement will help Austin meet its 2020 goal of generating 30 % of its electricity from renewable sources .
The plant will also hedge against the already rising cost of energy transmission from wind energy from west Texas .
“ A firm supply of renewable energy is critical if Austin is to meet the 30 % renewables goal , ” said Duncan .
“ That goal will be difficult to reach without a power source that is available during peak demand periods ” .
With its plans to purchase power from the biomass plant starting in 2012 , Austin aims to meet their goal , hedge against the rising cost of fossil fuel , and pave the way into a new energy economy .
This is a guest post from environmental writer Tom Schueneman , publisher of GlobalWarmingisReal.com
More on Biomass from GO Media :
The Ultimate Green , Renewable Fuel ( and Food ) : Algae , Possibly
Interview : Biomass Gas and Electric Produces Energy from Waste
Do Ethanol , Biodiesel or Biomass Projects Produce Waste ?
AURI Says No .
Photo Credit : iStockphoto.com
Obama : McCain pig ad ' a made - up controversy ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday September 10 , 2008
Print This Email This UPDATE AT BOTTOM : After CBS complains , YouTube yanks McCain ad The McCain campaign is attacking Barack Obama with an internet ad which accuses him of insulting Sarah Palin by using the phrase " put lipstick on a pig " in reference to the McCain campaign .
Obama has responded by calling this a " made - up controversy " and describing the ad as " lies and phony outrage and Swift - boat politics . "
However , in the view of MSNBC's Chuck Todd , the McCain ad is an effective ploy .
" I think the McCain campaign is laughing their butts off this morning that any of us have taken the bait on this lipstick thing , " he told Joe Scarborough .
" I mean , this is a joke .
...
It 's such a faux controversy .
It 's made up out of whole cloth . "
" They 're good at winning the news cycles , " Todd acknowledged .
" And they have beaten the Obama campaign on this little -- what I call sort of shiny metal objects days . "
Obama made the " lipstick " remark at a rally in Virginia late on Tuesday , where he stated , " The other side , suddenly , they 're saying ' we 're for change too . '
Now think about it , these are the same folks that have been in charge for the last eight years .
...
You can put lipstick on a pig .
It 's still a pig .
You can wrap up an old fish in a piece of paper and call it change .
It 's still going to stink after eight years . "
The lipstick - on - a - pig metaphor drew a roar of laughter from the crowd , which clearly took it as an indirect reference to Palin 's own remarks about lipstick and pitbulls -- and perhaps also her alleged fondness for pork barrel legislation .
However , the metaphor is a common one that has been widely used during the campaign , with McCain himself applying it at least twice to Hillary Clinton 's health care proposals .
Even Governor Mike Huckabee took Obama 's side on the issue , saying , " It 's an old expression , and I 'm going to have to cut Obama some slack on that one .
I do not think he was referring to Sarah Palin ; he did n't reference her . "
However , the McCain campaign responded with outrage , with former Massachusetts Governor Jane Swift insisting , " Sen. Obama owes Gov. Palin an apology .
...
Calling a very prominent female governor of one of our states a pig is not exactly what we want to see . "
The McCain campaign immediately released an internet ad which explicitly accuses Obama of running a sexist campaign .
It presents Obama 's lipstick - on - a - pig remark out of context , to make it seem that he was insulting Palin personally .
That is followed by another out of context clip , misleadingly captioned " Katie Couric on : This Election , " in which Couric said last June of Hillary Clinton 's primary campaign , " One of the great lessons of that campaign is the continued and accepted role of sexism in American life . "
MSNBC's Joe Scarborough discussed the ad on Wednesday with his guests , who generally felt that even if the issue was fake , the Republicans were using it effectively to keep the Obama campaign off balance .
" They can not get dragged into this conversation about a phrase that Barack Obama used ... a phrase he uses all the time , " Andrea Mitchell suggested .
" Any time they can be talking about a slur agaisnt women , making her look like a victim , they develop a sympathy vote . "
This video is from MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast September 10 , 2008 .
Download video
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast September 10 , 2008 .
Download video
After CBS complains , YouTube yanks McCain ad
The McCain / Palin campaign has drawn the wrath of some famous musicians this campaign season for using songs by artists who are opposed to his policies .
While , as a corporation , CBS may not be officially against any of the Republican ticket 's policies , the network takes copyright infringement very seriously ..
" YouTube has removed a webad that casts Sarah Palin as the victim of sexism on the request of CBS , whose anchor Katie Couric was featured in the ad , " Politico 's Ben Smith reports .
Smith continues , " Asked about the ad , CBS spokeswoman Leigh Farris said , ' CBS News does not endorse any candidate in the Presidential race .
Any use of CBS personnel in political advertising that suggests the contrary is misleading . ' "
As Politico notes , " You Tube 's page displaying the ad now tells visitors , ' This video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by CBS Interactive Inc . ' "
The Republicans paid to use Heart 's song Barracuda but CBS most probably wo n't be fielding any offers to rent out their anchor 's image any time soon .
IBM is threatening to leave organizations that set standards for software interoperability because of concerns that their processes are not always fair .
IBM published a new set of guidelines it plans to follow , which include encouraging standards bodies to have rules to protect their decisions from " undue influence , " a clear reference to competitor Microsoft .
IBM was one of the most vocal opponents of a file format created by Microsoft and approved by the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) as an international standard earlier this year .
Part of the specification , called Office Open XML , is used in Microsoft 's latest Office 2007 productivity suite but has yet to be fully implemented by either Microsoft or other software vendors .
OOXML is a rival to OpenDocument Format ( ODF ) , also an international standard used in office suites such as OpenOffice.org and StarOffice .
Microsoft submitted OOXML to the ISO under a so - called Fast Track process , which some opponents believed was too rushed and resulted in a poor - quality standard .
Many countries and technical experts questioned the need for another standard document format .
A draft standard OOXML was approved by ISO / IEC Joint Technical Committee 1 ( JTC 1 ) in a vote that closed March 29 .
Brazil , India , South Africa and Venezuela filed appeals over its approval , but the appeals were dismissed in July .
The appeals centered in part on alleged irregularities in the ISO 's voting process .
In August , the ISO and the International Electrotechnical Commission ( IEC ) approved the publication of ISO / IEC DIS 29500 , the official name for the OOXML specification .
IBM 's new guidelines for how it will participate in standards organizations was born out of the company 's frustration with OOXML , said Andrew Updegrove , an attorney with Gesmer Updegrove in Boston who studies standards and intellectual - property issues .
IBM 's guidelines were formulated from recommendations from a six - week , Web - based consultation held in May and June .
It involved more than 70 experts who discussed how the creation of standards could be improved .
Updegrove also participated .
IBM 's guidelines are based on its belief that open standards increase the range of software products that are interchangeable .
Standards prevent one software vendor from capturing a large part of a market by locking users into a proprietary format and limiting their ability to easily switch to another product .
Microsoft has long been accused of dominating the market for office productivity programs due to its use of closed file formats .
Microsoft changed course , however , and submitted its OOXML format to become an international standard , which means other vendors could implement OOXML in their products .
But OOXML was criticized for being unnecessarily complex .
Also , Microsoft was accused of pressuring countries to support the standard , which left companies such as IBM fuming .
IBM is a long - time backer of ODF .
IBM 's new guidelines are intended to pressure organizations such as the ISO and ECMA , an industry - led standards organization , into rethinking their procedures .
That change is not likely to come soon , since IT standards are just a small part of what ISO does , Updegrove said .
It sets standards ranging from specifications for fertilizers to clothing sizes to pharmaceuticals .
But IBM is a big player and participates in more national standards bodies and organizations that perhaps any other tech company , Updegrove said .
Even if IBM made good on its threat , withdrawing from a standards body would n't cause one to fall apart , Updegrove said .
IBM would also suffer , he said .
" If they decided to drop out of ECMA , that kicks away from them that ability to push its favored standard through the system , " Updegrove said .
Representatives from the ISO and ECMA could not immediately be reached for comment .
Copyright 2008 IDG News Service .
All Rights Reserved .
Updated , 3:52 p.m. |
Dealing a sharp blow to the Bloomberg administration ’s attempt to reduce air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions , a federal judge on Friday blocked New York City from requiring owners and operators of yellow taxicabs to switch to more fuel - efficient hybrid vehicles that operate on a mixture of gasoline and electricity .
The 26 - page ruling [ pdf ] , by Judge Paul A. Crotty , bars the city from implementing the hybrid - cab requirement , which was to take effect on Saturday and would have resulted in a virtually all - hybrid fleet by 2012 .
Taxi owners had maintained that fuel economy and vehicle emissions standards were the principal purview of the federal government .
The hybrid - cab requirement was a centerpiece of Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg ‘s PlaNYC 2030 package of environmental initiatives .
In a statement on Friday , he said , “ We are very disappointed in the decision and we are exploring our appellate options . ”
The mayor made it clear that he strongly disagreed with the ruling , which he said could cripple efforts by other cities to combat air pollution .
“ The decision is not a ruling against hybrid cabs , ” he said , “ rather a ruling that archaic Washington regulations are applicable and therefore New York City , and all other cities , are prevented from choosing to create cleaner air and a healthier place to live . ”
The city has 13,237 yellow taxicabs .
Nearly 1,500 of them are already hybrids as a result of voluntary efforts ; a fraction of those hybrids are attached to medallions that were specifically auctioned for use with alternative - fuel vehicles .
The rule that was to take effect on Saturday was adopted by the Taxi and Limousine Commission on Dec. 11 , 2007 .
It would have required that all new taxicabs coming into service achieve a fuel - efficiency city rating of 25 miles per gallon or higher , rising to 30 m.p.g. by Oct. 1 , 2009 .
( The gasoline - powered Ford Crown Victoria , which in the late 1990s supplanted the Chevrolet Caprice as the workhorse of the city ’s taxi fleet , gets about 12 to 14 m.p.g. )
Because all taxicabs must be replaced every three to five years under city rules , the new regulations would have resulted in a virtually all - hybrid fleet by 2012 .
In their lawsuit , filed in September , taxi operators — led by the Metropolitan Taxicab Board of Trade , which represents the owners of 29 large fleets that control 3,500 yellow cabs , about a quarter of the fleet — said that the hybrid vehicles , which are more fuel - efficient , were not designed to withstand the heavy wear and tear that cabs must endure .
In his ruling , Judge Crotty , who was the city ’s corporation counsel from 1994 to 1997 , under Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani , said he agreed to block the city from enforcing the rule because the plaintiffs were likely to succeed in their key legal argument — that the new regulations were pre-empted under federal law , which reserve regulation of fuel economy and emissions standards to federal agencies .
Though Mr. Bloomberg is now a staunch advocate of the hybrid - cab requirement , it actually took several years of prodding by environmental advocates before the city moved to require the use of more fuel - efficient vehicles .
In 2003 , the city authorized the taxi commission to sell additional medallions — the valuable licenses that are the exclusive right to operate a cab — provided that at least 9 percent of the new medallions went to hybrids or to cars powered by compressed natural gas .
Over the next two years , the commission failed to approve any hybrids for use as taxis , saying that the existing models did not have sufficient interior room and did not meet other city guidelines .
In 2005 , the commission began approving hybrid models for use as taxis ; there are now 10 types of hybrid and clean - diesel vehicles approved for use as city cabs .
But it was not until last year that the Bloomberg administration fully embraced the hybrids .
Mr. Bloomberg announced his broad PlaNYC 2030 program on April 22 , 2007 .
A month later , on May 22 , 2007 , he announced that the taxicab fleet would become fully hybrid by 2012 .
Councilman David Yassky , a Brooklyn Democrat who was one of the original proponents of the push to introduce hybrid vehicles into the taxi fleet , said in a phone interview on Friday , “ This ruling is unsound , but even if it stands , there are other ways to get the taxi fleet to go hybrid that can withstand a legal challenge . ”
The hybrid - taxi rule has been bitterly fought by taxi owners .
Earlier this year , Ron Sherman , president of the Metropolitan Taxicab Board of Trade , said in a statement that “ small , light passenger hybrids should not be used as New York City taxicabs , which clock upwards of 100,000 miles a year each and often run 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . ”
He argued that the Taxi and Limousine Commission “ has ignored the laws of physics , which dictates that the larger the vehicle ’s interior space , the safer the vehicle ’s occupants are in an accident . ”
The other plaintiffs were the Midtown Operating Corporation , a garage that leases taxis to more than 800 independent contractors on a double - shifted daily basis ; the Sweet Irene Transportation Company , which owns and leases taxis ; Ossman Ali of the Bronx , a self - employed independent contractor who leases and drives taxis ; and Kevin Healy of Roslyn Heights , N.Y. , a frequent taxi passenger .
Judge Crotty said the plaintiffs were likely to succeed on their argument that fuel economy standards were delegated to federal agencies under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act , but he said he did not agree with their argument that the city was trying to improperly regulate tailpipe emissions and supplant the federal role in enforcing the Clean Air Act .
The full text of the mayor ’s statement on Friday is below :
We are very disappointed in the decision and we are exploring our appellate options .
The decision is not a ruling against hybrid cabs , rather a ruling that archaic Washington regulations are applicable and therefore New York City , and all other cities , are prevented from choosing to create cleaner air and a healthier place to live .
The sad irony here is the laws being relied on by the plaintiff , the Clean Air Act and the Energy Policy and Conservation Act , were designed to reduce air pollution and reduce our dependence on foreign oil , which is exactly what moving to fuel efficient cabs will do .
The courts are not the only way we can reach our goal of a cleaner fleet of taxi cabs .
I ’ve instructed the T.L.C. to develop a program with strong incentives for the use of fuel - efficient vehicles and heavy disincentives for use of the inefficient vehicles of a past generation .
Additionally , we will be working with our Congressional delegation to produce legislation to update the outdated laws , originally written in the 1970s , to reflect the current realities of environmental stewardship .
Greening the taxi fleet is a major priority and we are going to use every mechanism at our disposal to make New York a cleaner , healthier city .
Taxis are a part of our public transportation system ; they must be part of the solution to air pollution , not a contributing cause of the problem .
Mr. Sherman , the president of the Metropolitan Taxicab Board of Trade , said in a statement :
Millions of people who ride taxicabs and the thousands of drivers , owners and other participants in the New York City taxi industry can breathe a sigh of relief today as this ill - conceived hybrid taxi mandate , which had not properly taken safety , comfort , availability and other issues into account when it was rushed through last year , will not go forward as planned .
By granting this injunction , the court has affirmed what numerous groups , associations , state and city legislators , former T.L.C. commissioners , drivers and others have argued for a long time .
M.T.B.O.T. has always preferred that this issue be settled out of court .
However , after exhaustive efforts at the T.L.C. , we were given no choice and were compelled to advocate on behalf of the safety of our passengers and drivers .
Now that the court has ruled in our favor , and indeed — in the taxi passengers ’ and taxi drivers ’ favor — we look forward to working with the Taxi and Limousine Commission and our colleagues in the taxi industry to ensure the continuity of safe , effective , comfortable taxi service for the riding public , ensure a strong and healthy industry and achieve a fuel - efficient , safe , comfortable taxi of tomorrow .
Joshua Nachowitz , policy director of the New York League of Conservation Voters , said in a statement :
Al Gore may not have invented the Internet , but he did co-found Current.tv , the cable TV network with a strong web presence .
Stopping by the company 's San Francisco offices earlier this evening , Gore told a small group of techies , Twitterers and bloggers : " I 'll be on Twitter by tomorrow " .
Twitter users : what would Al Gore Tweet ?
Tweet your ideas to @mashable on Twitter .
Description
" Karoshi " is a Japanese word and means " death by overwork " .
In this game many things are not what you 'd expect and the goal of each level is counter - intuitive : you need to die .
Each stage presents a new challenge .
There are several objects you can use to solve puzzles , and in later levels the game will even break it 's own rules to surprise you .
50 clever levels and a boss fight at the end .
We hope you have fun ( killing yourself ) !
If you have played the Game Maker version , YES this is an official Flash version !
Aioli - Mediterranean Garlic Sauce
Larger images
Print
One of the most addictive sauces in the world , aïoli is made all over the Mediterranean .
See how to do it the old - fashioned way .
One of the most addictive sauces in the world , aïoli is made all over the Mediterranean .
See how to do it the old - fashioned way .
Aioli [ aye - awe - lee ] is one of the most popular sauces in the Mediterreanean - an emulsion of olive olive oil flavored with lemon juice and as much garlic as you can take .
It is insanely addictive and is very efficient in warding off vampires .
Skin the garlic and place it in the mortar .
Grind your garlic cloves down to a paste with a little salt .
/P>
Quantities ?
A head of garlic for 2 cups of oil and an egg yolk or even the whole egg .
Here I 'm using a stone mortar my dad found in a 16th century house with its boxwood pestle .
Add 1 egg yolk ( or the whole egg ) ...
... and grind ...
... until you get a smooth paste .
Now the aioli traditionalists will tell you that you have no business adding an egg yolk into an aioli , but I 'd love to see how stiff they can get their aioli without an emulsifier .
Now for the delicate part .
We have to emulsify the oil with the garlic - egg mixture .
Emulsifying means mixing two substances that do n't mix with the help of some agent , here the egg yolk , as an emulsifier .
We need to get a million tiny oil droplets mixed into the water - an oil - in - water emulsion .
If we just mixed 2 cups of oil with the eggs , we would get a water - in - oil emulsion that would not be very pleasing to the eye .
Start pouring a small stream of oil into the eggs and whisk .
You 'll get better result with a proper whisk rather than using the pestle .
Continue to gradually add the oil , whisking constantly .
...
Creative thinks it has found the recipe for grabbing some market share back from the Apple iPod .
The company 's latest round of Zen MP3 players includes the same stellar sound quality found in previous models from the company , but adds sound enhancement technology you wo n't find on any iPod .
The Creative Zen X - Fi line includes a Crystallizer function for restoring highs and lows lost during audio compression and an Expand function that simulates the aural sensation of listening to the music on speakers rather than on headphones .
The company has offered these in its X - Fi line of internal and external sound cards for quite some time , but this marks the first time the features have appeared on a portable player .
No company has been able to sell many MP3 players in the American market since Steve Jobs unleashed its iPod juggernaut in 2001 .
As it turned out , Jobs was right in saying that no company , including Creative , Sonicblue and Sony , had yet figured out how to package portable music in a way that would be compelling to the masses .
However , that has n't stopped Creative from trying to compete with the iPod , especially in terms of sound quality .
The company 's players have traditionally sounded great thanks in part to the company 's experience making sound cards , which dates back to the early days of the PC .
Part of Creative 's redoubled commitment to sound quality comes inthe form of Creative 's EP - 830 ( updated ) sound isolating headphones , which are by far the nicestsounding pair I 've ever seen included with an MP3 player .
And not onlydo the Crystallizer and Expand digital signal processors work prettymuch as advertised , but Creative 's smart volume feature kicks in hard .
I tested out the Creative Zen X - Fi with Wireless LAN
( $ 200 , Windows only ) for a week in the New York subway system , whichoffers frequent occasion for volume adjustment .
Shuffling through16GB of music from various sources resulted in big jumps in loudness .
Butpretty much every time I reached for the player to turn down volume , it compensated before I had the chance .
Inonly two or three seconds , the volume jumped down into the comfortablehearing range more dramatically than I have ever noticed with an iPod .
And most of the time , I preferred to leave Crystallizer and Expandactivated , so I must like those too .
Although its sound quality is the best thing about the device , I
also enjoyed the clean button layout , small form factor and standard USB connector ( as opposed toApple 's proprietary dock ) .
One other nice thing about the Creative X - Fi is that you 're likely tobe one of the only people on the train who has one .
Throw in a handsome magnetic leather case and people get even more curious .
See Also :
All material quoted below is from Leo Strauss ’ Natural Right and History , “ Classic Natural Right , ” pp. 156-164
1 . We begin by distinguishing between nature ( Gk. physis ) and convention ( Gk. nomos ) .
Convention we are all familiar with – men make words and laws ; proper practice establishes something as a convention .
Money is the ultimate extension of this reasoning ; it stands for value but is nothing in - and - of itself .
When invested , strangely enough , it can create more of itself despite having only an arbitrary relation to actual wealth .
To some degree , artifacts – tools – reflect the conventional .
A tool requires a technique , if it is not a technique itself .
It is used to exercise control and the criteria for its validity is its effectiveness .
A tool is not useless even if it should never be used .
But artifacts can lead us to reason an entirely other way .
We may wonder why scientific laws do n’t just allow us to fashion better tools , but allow us to marvel at how intricate the universe is .
In such a case we marvel not at what is effective , but what is true .
We may think about why we have the different words in different languages for the same thing .
Finally , what provokes us into thinking that there is a natural order where human nature is a critical question is the issue of justice .
We differ as to what is just , but all are agreed that something is just and something is unjust .
And if we argue enough , we can at least see why people think one law is just and not another , if we do n’t come to agree with their law as being reflective of something more truly just .
Now there are many who say that justice is merely a matter of following the law , and laws vary from society to society .
So justice is purely a matter of convention .
“ Natural right ” is the assumption that this view is full of crap – something must be “ right ” “ naturally , ” or “ right by nature . ”
It could be the case that we argue about justice not because we ’re stupid , but because we actually can prove one law is more just than another .
Opinions , after all , stem from truth .
If there was nothing that was true , then one opinion could n’t possibly be better than another .
Notice that the way “ nature ” is being used here does not refer to “ plants and animals and stuff outside the house . ”
The nature of a thing is informed by its end : an acorn is meant to become an oak tree .
When reasoning about human nature , we consider man as a “ rational animal ” to begin with , and also consider his end , true happiness through pursuit of the virtues .
2. From Aristotle we get the phrase “ rational animal ” and also , I think , the example of the acorn becoming an oak tree .
And yet Aristotle has views on “ natural right ” that should strike us as very strange .
To wit :
According to Aristotle , there is no fundamental disproportion between natural right and the requirements of political society , or there is no essential need for the dilution of natural right … .
A right which necessarily transcends political society , he gives us to understand , cannot be the right natural to man , who is by nature a political animal .
Plato never discusses any subject – be it the city or the heavens or numbers – without keeping in view the elementary Socratic question , “ What is the right way of life ? ”
And the simply right way of life proves to be the philosophic life .
Plato eventually defines natural right with direct reference to the fact that the only life which is simply just is the life of the philosopher .
Aristotle , on the other hand , treats each of the various levels of beings , and hence especially every level of human life , on its own terms ( 156 ) .
So right now you ’re probably thinking Plato ’s sharp divorce of the philosophical and political causes him to make a mistake , and that Aristotle nicely and neatly remedies this by asserting that politics is natural to man and hence we need not all be philosophers to be just .
In making this move , you ’ve forgotten that Plato is Aristotle ’s teacher , and thus has literally schooled Aristotle .
The first consequence of Aristotle ’s thought is n’t so bad :
Aristotle says , then , simply that natural right is a part of political right .
This does not mean that there is no natural right outside the city or prior to the city .
To say nothing of the relations between parents and children , the relation of justice that obtains between two complete strangers who meet on a desert island is not one of political justice and is nevertheless determined by nature .
What Aristotle suggests is that the most fully developed form of natural right is that which obtains among fellow - citizens ; only among fellow - citizens do the relations which are the subject matter of right or justice reach their greatest density and , indeed , their full growth ( 157 ) .
I realize this does n’t sound problematic to you , but I do ask you to consider why Socrates and Plato consider philosophy to be such a radical endeavor .
The philosopher being one who is true to his word entirely is the best citizen : his attachment to the laws is not contractual but freely and truly chosen .
His attachment to his fellow - citizens is as ambitious as it is welcoming : with them he hopes to find and celebrate wisdom .
However , the second consequence of Aristotle ’s thought on this matter drove the thinkers of the Middle Ages crazy :
The second assertion regarding natural right which Aristotle makes – an assertion much more surprising than the first – is that all natural right is changeable ( 157 ) .
Aristotle , unlike us , is unwilling to gloss over the consequences of abandoning the philosopher as a standard .
That all “ natural right is changeable ” probably means that infanticide can be justified , there is no absolute “ right to life . ”
The idea that the truly just man “ does no harm , ” given to us from Plato ’s Republic , has been completely abandoned – or has it ?
Strauss attempts to explain this very strange teaching :
By saying that in extreme situations the public safety is the highest law , one implies that the public safety is not the highest law in normal situations ; in normal situations the highest laws are the common rules of justice .
Justice has two different principles or sets of principles : the requirements of public safety , or what is necessary in extreme situations to preserve the mere existence or independence of society , on the one hand , and the rules of justice in the more precise sense , on the other .
And there is no principle which defines clearly in what type of cases the public safety , and in what type of cases the precise rules of justice , have priority .
For it is not possible to define precisely what constitutes an extreme situation in contradistinction to a normal situation ( 161 ) .
Strauss says this Aristotlean teaching differs from Machiavelli in that Machiavelli denies natural right simply ; there is no concern in the latter for a difference between the “ every day ” and “ extremes . ”
Here , at least , Aristotle is trying to show that the things that preserve society do n’t fatally compromise it .
I do buy this sort of reasoning – I know I ’ve said at times the reasoning used in war can not be applied to our situation in peace .
Something is wrong with using martial metaphor all the time , especially with regard to activities that should educate .
But I suspect Strauss is playing a rhetorical game here .
Natural Right and History is ultimately about the principle behind the Declaration of Independence , and it is helpful when teaching politically ambitious people to suggest that the divide between classical thought and American Constitutionalism is not so sharp .
Unfortunately , we are in a situation where people being ambitious is itself a problem , because wisdom is not about finding and taking on difficult questions , but rather whatever you think it is .
There ’s no ambition in a world where everyone already knows best .
For Aristotle , is it possible for the principle behind a society to be perceived as fatally compromised and yet the society still workable ?
I think the answer is “ yes ” based on “ all natural right is changeable . ”
There are plenty of Aristotlean complaints that characterize the Spartan regime as inhuman , and yet it is never dismissed outright as unworkable [ Note : I need to check this .
I think a good argument can be advanced that it is unworkable ] .
I ’m guessing right now the safe reading is that since politics itself is a nature - convention blend , the naturally just thing to do can be to merely defend convention , and not go out of one ’s way to undermine the pieties which any political association assumes .
This obviously narrows Strauss ’ reading of “ natural right is part of political right ” – that is now literally true , and means where there is no politics , there is no natural right .
The situation of two men on a desert island is a political situation , unless there is a natural good – higher than justice – that binds them , i.e. fraternity , or a lower good that requires a necessary association .
Acting like animals hunting together does not require natural right , although there is a natural association .
3 . If we do take Strauss ’ reading seriously – and we have very good reason to take it seriously , our inquiry is meant to bring us to the truth as well as make our actions nobler – we find this :
Natural right must be mutable in order to be able to cope with the inventiveness of wickedness .
What can not be decided in advance by universal rules , what can be decided in the critical moment by the most competent and most conscientious statesman on the spot , can be made visible as just , in retrospect , to all ; the objective discrimination between extreme actions which were just and extreme actions which were unjust is one of the noblest duties of the historian ( 161 ) .
I do n’t think this is an unfair or thoughtless conclusion , but it does mark our age as one especially hostile to the emergence of statesmen .
Our historians are activists , lobbying in the here and now for very particular policies and willing to read history any way that will advance their cause .
Furthermore , everyone has knowledge of universal rules that they can’t possibly defend before anyone else , but can apply in the voting booth .
We are in an insane situation , where prudence probably cannot emerge since there is no such thing as wisdom strictly speaking .
We ’ll pull through , but I ’m not going to dumb this down ; I would be an idiot to underestimate what we ’re up against .
For now , a few points from this discussion should be striking :
The social character of knowledge about what is right .
A common good , a serious view of justice , takes into account other views and does n’t rely on facts alone but on other opinions .
The delicateness of the political .
Man is between beast and god , but boy is it easy for him to pretend to be either .
Our tendency to anarchism as an ideal , our thought that the best government is the least government , can lead us to be inhuman for the seemingly most gentle of reasons .
The necessity – and difficulty – of philosophy .
Someone really does have to stand above , or else seeing the obvious is an issue .
But the second someone stands above , we want to tear them down , esp. if they proclaim to know better .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1rZBmk0DYU]
Whether McCain did or did n’t mutter “ horseshit ! ” twice during his debate with Obama , he sure did mutter a lot .
Think about that :
During the first presidential debate , when the eyes of the world were watching , McCain was muttering under his breath .
That ’s not normal .
It ’s erratic .
Someone needs to take some anger management classes .
( I will not say trollop , I will not say trollop , I will not say trollop … )
More on the exchange here If McCain has n’t addressed his raging temper by the time he is 72 years old , it ’s not going to happen .
It hardly looks presidential as McCain loses his composure during a simple debate .
How will he guide America in dangerous situations if he ’s unable to control his temper in such a friendly and important setting ?
In 2000 , the pundits went crazy when Al Gore sighed .
We should as much furor over McCain ’s mutterings .
Here is a painting I did of the FSM .
I hope you like it enough to display it on your site .
Hail the FSM
- Stephanie
" We found that patients provided multiple opportunities for physicians to express empathy , which were missed , and that where physicians did provide empathy it was too little too late , " said Dr. Howard Gordon , an author and staff physician at Chicago ’s Jesse Brown Veterans Affairs Medical Center .
The report finds that surgeons and oncologists responded to cues that lung cancer patients were sad , frightened , anxious , or otherwise emotionally agitated only 10 percent of the time .
It was published today in the Archives of Internal Medicine .
Now , a small study shines new light on the subject by examining the degree to which physicians express empathy for people with lung cancer , the No. 1 cancer killer in the U.S .
Experts who specialize in medical communication note this can interfere with the doctor - patient relationship and impair the quality of care .
It ’s no secret that many doctors appear detached and unwilling to relate to patients emotionally .
Researchers examined transcripts of 20 doctor - patient interactions at a VA medical center in the south for the study .
Coders identified every time patients expressed emotions about their illness and every acknowledgment of the emotions by physicians .
Altogether , patients articulated 384 so - called " empathetic cues " and the surgeons and oncologists responded 10 percent of the time .
" There was a clear mismatch between what patients think is important and what physicians respond to , " said Dr. Diane Morse , lead author of the report and assistant professor of medicine and psychiatry at the University of Rochester School of Medicine .
That ’s an even worse performance than documented in other research , which has found that primary care doctors express empathy 21 percent of the time , oncologists , 22 percent , and surgeons , 38 percent .
Notably , in the new lung cancer study physicians were least likely to address the concerns most often articulated by patients , which surrounded fear and anxiety over death and dying .
Instead of openly acknowledging those feelings , doctors talked about patients ’ prognosis or treatment .
There are several reasons why physicians may miss indications that patients are seeking emotional understanding , either consciously or unconsciously .
Doctors may be too busy .
They may believe their primary job is to diagnose and treat illness .
They may assume patients are reassured by their biomedical expertise .
Or they may be burned out , stressed and not recognize patients ’ emotional concerns , the report suggests .
In actuality , it does n’t take much time for a doctor to say , " I understand that must be hard , " or " It sounds like you ’re worried " or other brief statements that make it clear a patient is being heard , Morse says .
There are important benefits to be had from making the effort .
Previous research has demonstrated empathetic responses improve patient ’s satisfaction and understanding of their condition as well as their willingness to comply with recommended treatments .
For their part , people with lung cancer can try telling their doctors , " I know there is n’t anything you can do to cure me , but I just want you to know that this is something I ’m worried about , " Morse suggests .
" Express your concerns .
Ask questions .
Be assertive , " Gordon adds .
Have you had experienced a failure of empathy in a medical encounter ?
If so , what happened and how did it make you feel ?
Trading in Moscow was halted twice this week .
Once because it dropped too much , too quickly and the second time after it reopened it increased too quickly .
( The extreme movements up and down sound like Wall Street , to a degree and such extremes are signs of a troubled market . )
So why does this matter to Americans or anyone else outside of Russia ?
Think back ten years ago when Russia had its last crash and was an basket case , looking for money from everywhere and looking for direction .
Russia found its direction with Putin , with his hyper - macho attitude and dreams of returning Russia to its former glory as a world player .
To Russia ’s credit , Russia now has a growing middle class and anyone in IT knows just how important St Petersburg ( and to a lesser degree Moscow and beyond ) has become .
In addition to that IT middle class , Russia has brought a lot of manufacturing into St. Petersburg with automakers from around the world setting up shop there .
( St. Petersburg just happens to be Putin ’s home town , so it has profited enormously during the Putin years . )
In recent years , Russians have become very visible in exclusive European places such as Monaco and the Alps , buying up property everywhere and driving their massive Rolls Royce ’s , Benley ’s , Maybach ‘s and Mercedes Benz models that I never knew existed .
The world luxury market ( today ) is highly geared towards the elite Russians who will pay whatever it costs , preferably at the highest possible price .
This summer all the talk in the south ( in France , not Alabama ) was how the Russians owned the Riviera .
One mansion was purchased for almost $ 800 million by a Russian billionaire but every exclusive house on the coast seemed to have been bought by a Russian .
Obviously after the ’98 crash and years of Putin making or breaking business executives , the new billionaires have planted their cash reserves outside of Russia .
These are the people who have profited under Putin and who brought a certain flash back to Russia .
As the price of oil falls to “ only ” $ 100 or less and the Russian stock market slides into chaos , where is Russia headed ?
Putin his number two , President Medvedev , are still eager to flex some of Russia ’s former muscle though they may not have the money to do so .
Re-building an old and creaky military , funding a failing banking system , handling a stock market that has lost half of its value in a few months , flexing muscle and keeping the dream of Russia ’s return sounds less likely than it was a year ago .
If nothing else , this will make Russia less stable on the world scene and that is not good for any of us .
The sun never sets on the war on terror , even as it degenerates into blood and recrimination .
The Woolwich trial of eight members of a supposed 13 - member gang all but collapsed on Monday .
Despite evidence of intent to blow up an airliner , the jury convicted three defendants of conspiracy to commit murder but failed to reach a verdict on the central allegation .
It has been an open secret in police circles that Operation Overt , the most complex in counter - terror history , was sabotaged by the American vice president , Dick Cheney , desperate for a headline boost to the Republicans ' 2006 mid-term elections .
British intelligence was following trails and acquiring evidence against 20 suspects .
They needed American surveillance help in Pakistan and shared their information , foolishly it now appears , with Washington .
The backstory is told in Ron Suskind 's new book , The Way of the World .
Tony Blair , bursting with news of the operation , discussed it in July 2006 with George Bush , who was impatient for action .
The argument , says Suskind , was a classic between American gung ho and British patience .
Nobody was sure if the plot was more than half - baked game - playing and it would certainly need evidence to stand up in court .
The British were " treating it all as a criminal matter rather than a historic , and terrorist - glamorising , clash of power and ideology " , Suskind writes .
Cheney then privately dispatched the CIA 's operations director , Jose Rodriguez , to Islamabad to secure the arrest of one of the British suspects , Rashid Rauf , believed to be a possible link with al - Qaida .
The British had been watching him and preparing his extradition .
They did not want him rendered useless through CIA or Pakistani torture .
Within days , news of Rauf 's capture reached the British plotters .
In a panic , the police had desperately to round up as many suspects as they could find overnight .
According to Suskind , " top officials in British intelligence cursed , threw ashtrays and screamed bloody murder " .
Months of work , which might have unpicked an entire al - Qaida network back to the Pakistani training camps , was ruined by " forced , foolish hastiness " - and all for the mid-term elections .
Bush was soon boasting of having " foiled a plot to blow up passenger planes headed for the United States " .
Two years later , a British jury , having to decide on the basis of evidence whether it faced another 9/11 or just a bunch of crazies , gave the benefit of the doubt to the latter .
It was clearly fed up with scare stories and the politics of fear and felt the police had not made a case .
Today , many of the plotters are at large , and Rauf himself has mysteriously escaped custody .
This is what happens when criminal conspiracy is redefined as an act of war .
It goes political .
As a conspiracy to cause mayhem , the suspected airline plotters merited and were getting thorough detective work in what was clearly a superb operation .
Because it was also a " war " , the death - or - glory boys took over and wrecked it .
Worse than wreck it , they rendered the operation counter - productive .
A few sad , disaffected and clearly dangerous youths were captured , but in such a way as to induce many more to sympathise and imitate them .
They will be fired by the same resentment at British foreign policy that has turned a crusade to bring democracy to the heathen into a bloody and drawn - out meddling in the affairs of foreign states .
That meddling is now overwhelmingly counter - productive , fuelling anti-western insurgency across an arc from Syria through Iraq and Afghanistan to Pakistan .
Characterised everywhere as a war on terror , it is further politicised and polarised .
Last week 's massive operation by Nato forces to move a dam turbine 100 miles across Helmand was reportedly brought forward at Washington 's insistence to help John McCain 's candidacy .
It cost some 300 Afghan lives .
Every one of those lives invites revenge against that dam .
Meanwhile , Nato and the Americans are intensifying their bombing of Afghan and Waziri villages .
Anyone who visits this theatre is briefed with the same mantra :
We are going to stop killing civilians ...
Every death is 10 recruits to the enemy ...
We must win on the ground not from the air .
Airforces claim they can kill with " pinpoint accuracy " .
They claim the new predator drones can murder a Taliban leader at a mile distant .
They lie .
To soldiers on the ground , calling in air power to clear a village is easier and safer than fighting by hand .
As a result , and amid a storm of mendacious denials , wedding parties are blown to pieces , houses are crushed , women and children are massacred .
To kill a Taliban it is considered worth wiping out a market .
British and American generals in Kabul have slid into Vietnam mode , using the enemy kill rate as an indicator of victory .
They do not care that one dead Taliban creates 10 live ones .
An Afghan crusade that was possibly winnable in 2001 has been systematically subverted by those waging it .
Attempts to destroy the nation 's staple crop , opium , has alienated almost everyone and driven huge profits into the pockets of the enemy .
It has been unbelievably stupid .
The current use of drones to bomb Pakistani territory , usually on faulty or devious intelligence , is raising whole tribes to fury .
It now risks driving an unstable Islamabad regime back into covert , if not overt , support for the Taliban , as in the 1990s .
Is this really the intention of Washington and London ?
The war on terror has become an exercise in cynicism , a backdrop to domestic politics .
Terrorists are a menace to certain western cities .
A generation of young Muslims has emerged who see glory in killing civilians for nothing but publicity .
They appear loosely aligned with insurgent forces in Pakistan and Afghanistan , much as terrorists in the 1970s and 80s allied themselves with Palestinians .
But these terrorists do not constitute a threat to the security of any western state .
Their plots and outrages are crimes and do not merit the status of war .
They have become servants of political rhetoric .
To be tough on terrorism is apparently akin to shooting a moose .
That Nato soldiers can casually bomb civilians in these distant parts , knowing it to be counter - productive , shows the half - heartedness of this so - called war .
So does the ease with which politicised intelligence can undermine a criminal investigation .
Both make us less safe , not more .
simon.jenkins@theguardian.com
Alarming but preliminary reports of methane gas bubbling up from the Arctic Ocean have raised the specter of precipitous global warming in the minds of some climate scientists .
While aboard a research ship sailing off the coast of Siberia , scientists observed high levels of methane in the water , and then spotted several areas where the gas bubbles were fizzing up from the ocean floor , which contains vast amounts of frozen methane .
That was enough to ring the alarm bells :
Methane is about 20 times more powerful as a greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide and many scientists fear that its release could accelerate global warming in a giant positive feedback where more atmospheric methane causes higher temperatures , leading to further permafrost melting and the release of yet more methane [ The Independent ] .
While the news seems disquieting , some researchers are expressing some skepticism about the findings , which have n't yet been published in a peer - reviewed journal .
The initial word from a heap of scientists who are focused on sub - sea methane deposits , including a group that videotaped big burps of methane bubbles off Santa Barbara , Calif. , a few years ago , is a note of caution about overinterpreting the Arctic bubbling and high gas concentrations as something a ) new or b ) driven by human - caused global warming [ The New York Times , Dot Earth blog ] .
Reporting from the boat , researcher Orjan Gustafsson said his team found some ocean areas where the methane levels were 100 times higher than average , and also observed
areas of sea foaming with gas bubbling up through " methane chimneys " rising from the sea floor .
They believe that the sub - sea layer of permafrost , which has acted like a " lid " to prevent the gas from escaping , has melted away to allow methane to rise from underground deposits formed before the last ice age [ The Independent ] .
A massive release of methane from the world 's oceans figures into an extravagant global warming doomsday scenario , as a few researchers have suggested that Earth 's temperature could reach a tipping point at which massive amounts of methane thaw out and are released into the atmosphere .
Paleoclimatologists have suggested
that underground stores of methane have in the past been responsible for rapid rises in global temperatures , changes in the climate and even extinction of species [ Telegraph ] .
But the science has yet to be settled on many of these points .
Ocean methane is n't just a component in disaster scenarios , though , it 's also a potential source of energy .
Learn who wants to mine it in the DISCOVER article " If Life Gives You Methane , Make Methane Energy . "
Image : flickr/ nick_russill
Related Post : A Monstrous Methane Belch Once Warmed the Earth
How often have you heard or said " I'm part Indian " ?
If you have , then some Native American elders have something to teach you .
A very touching example was told by a physician from Oregon who discovered as an adult that he was Indian .
This is his story .
Listen well :
Some twenty or more years ago while serving the Mono and Chukchanse and Chownumnee communities in the Sierra Nevada , I was asked to make a housecall on a Mono elder .
She was 81 years old and had developed pneumonia after falling on frozen snow while bucking up some firewood .
I was surprised that she had asked for me to come since she had always avoided anything to do with the services provided through the local agencies .
However it seemed that she had decided I might be alright because I had helped her grandson through some difficult times earlier and had been studying Mono language with the 2nd graders at North Fork School .
She greeted me from inside her house with a Mana ' hu , directing me into her bedroom with the sound of her voice .
She was not willing to go to the hospital like her family had pleaded , but was determined to stay in her own place and wanted me to help her using herbs that she knew and trusted but was too weak to do alone .
I had learned to use about a dozen native medicinal plants by that time , but was inexperienced in using herbs in a life or death situation .
She eased my fears with her kind eyes and gentle voice .
I stayed with her for the next two days , treating her with herbal medicine ( and some vitamin C that she agreed to accept ) .
She made it through and we became friends .
One evening several years later , she asked me if I knew my elders .
I told her that I was half Canadian and half Appalachian from Kentucky .
I told her that my Appalachian grandfather was raised by his Cherokee mother but nobody had ever talked much about that and I did n't want anyone to think that I was pretending to be an Indian .
I was uncomfortable saying I was part Indian and never brought it up in normal conversation .
" What !
You 're part Indian ? " she said .
" I wonder , would you point to the part of yourself that 's Indian .
Show me what part you mean . "
I felt quite foolish and troubled by what she said , so I stammered out something to the effect that I did n't understand what she meant .
Thankfully the conversation stopped at that point .
I finished bringing in several days worth of firewood for her , finished the yerba santa tea she had made for me and went home still thinking about her words .
Some weeks later we met in the grocery store in town and she looked down at one of my feet and said , " I wonder if that foot is an Indian foot .
Or maybe it 's your left ear .
Have you figured it out yet ? "
I laughed out loud , blushing and stammering like a little kid .
When I got outside after shopping , she was standing beside my pick - up , smiling and laughing .
" You know " she said , " you either are or you are n't .
No such thing as part Indian .
It 's how your heart lives in the world , how you carry yourself .
I knew before I asked you .
Nobody told me .
Now do n't let me hear you say you are part Indian anymore . "
She died last year , but I would like her to know that I 've heeded her words .
And I 've come to think that what she did for me was a teaching that the old ones tell people like me , because others have told me that a Native American elder also said almost the same thing to them .
I know her wisdom helped me to learn who I was that day and her words have echoed in my memory ever since .
And because of her , I am no longer part Indian , I
am
Indian .
« August 2008 » Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31
Memo to the Minneapolis Police Department : YOU'RE NOT HELPING .
One of the underlying philosophies of You Are Dumb Dot Net is also one of my own underlying philosophies - that society should operate largely on the basis of harm .
The way that reads seems like I 'd be as happy as a clam , as our society does seem to be predicated on doing as much harm as possible , but that 's not what I mean .
It 's basically an extension of the Wiccan saying , " an it harm none , do as ye will " , which is a good start , but like most things Wiccan , it 's underdeveloped and a bit wanky .
What I 'm saying is that society , and by extension government and institutions , should punish what harms and reward what helps .
This should be the primary metric .
Motive is secondary .
History and tradition and personality and all the other shit that we use on a daily basis to decide things and do things are n't what matter .
What matters is , are you harming , or are you helping ?
Now , I know that you run into problems deciding on a consensus opinion of whether some things hurt or some things help .
Abortion " hurts " a blob of cells , and " helps " a living , breathing , functioning member of society .
Teaching creationism in schools " hurts " children 's developing brains , but " helps " tiny - minded young - earth fuckers who think their special book trumps reality .
Reasonable people can , and do , disagree on these points , even if they 're very fucking wrong .
But sometimes , you can look at a situation through this lens , and the answer is as clear and uncomplicated as a creationist 's EEG .
In December , Minneapolis police raided a home looking for a violent gang member .
Police say they 'd been told the gang member was there by an informant .
A SWAT team with a " no - knock " warrant burst in .
The family who actually lived there , none of whom were violent gang members , thought they were being robbed .
The father , Vang Khang , fired three shotgun rounds at the intruders .
The intruders , from the MPD , returned fire .
Nobody was hurt , and the police apologized for their mistake .
The family has since lost the home .
The children , according to their mother , are still traumatized .
And on Monday , eight of the officers involved got medals for the incident .
Now , if you 're following the simple metric of rewarding help and punishing harm , this makes no fucking sense .
It does n't matter what they - thought - was happening .
The reality was they busted in and shot up the house of an innocent citizen .
I 'm not saying necessarily you punish the cops themselves , assuming the cops who performed the raid were n't the ones who picked the wrong house .
But you do n't commend them for their actions , because their actions harmed innocents , and harming innocents is bad .
So what freakish calculus was at play ?
Policy and tradition .
According to police chief Tim Dolan , " we 've never not recognized an officer shot in the line of duty . "
Which is fine , except that it relies on ridiculously loose definitions of both " shot " and " duty " .
According to the Strib , three officers got " shrapnel damage " to their body armor and helmets .
Combine that information with an earlier story that reveals Khang shot at them with his hunting shotgun , what I conclude is that three officers got hit by pellets in the line of duty , five officers did n't get shot in the line of duty at all , and the " duty " itself was a horrifying mistake .
Medals for everybody , then !
Maybe a round of applause and a ten dollar gift card for Starbucks .
It would have been $ 20 , but , you know .
They did n't actually catch any criminals in the raid .
The police chief even admitted he KNEW people would look at it badly , but he did it anyway , because , well , that 's how it 's done .
And that 's how it 's increasingly done as we get more and more authoritarian in this country .
The police get medals because they were police .
Because being a cop is difficult and dangerous and if they ever do something to you and you think you did n't deserve it , you 're wrong , because you must have done something to bring them down on you .
If they Taser you , it 's because you were resisting and needed to be subdued , even if you 're lying on the ground with a broken back and foot from a fall * .
And if you shoot up the wrong house , you get a medal , because except for that pesky " wrong house " thing , you did everything like you were supposed to .
And people accept it , because ...
I have no fucking clue why they accept it , but they do .
Like they accept torture and illegal spying and running fifty thousand volts through the Don't Tase Me Bro kid just because he was annoying .
Fear and stupidity and the incredibly misguided conviction that good people can always be safe from bad people , and we can always tell who the good people and bad people are .
Or maybe we 're all just fucking nuts .
* An actual case from Ozark , Missouri .
The kid got Tasered nineteen times because he would n't stand up when he was ordered to .
This article mentions the Wikimedia Foundation , one of its projects , or people related to it .
Wikinews is a project of the Wikimedia Foundation .
Monday , September 8 , 2008
According to the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , a rights group called the American Rights Counsel LLC has attempted to have at least 4,000 anti-Scientology videos removed from the video sharing website YouTube .
Upon further investigation , Wikinews found that most videos and clips were added to YouTube by the copyright holders of the material ; as DMCA requests are for the purposes of requesting removal where service providers host material that infringe on the copyright of the complainant , the merit of these requests remain questionable .
It was also discovered that the alleged rights group does not exist as a physical entity .
In an in - depth report , Wikinews investigated the incident and obtained exclusive information and comments from individuals , including XenuTV producer Mark Bunker .
Within the past 24 hours , according to the EFF , the Counsel " sent out over 4000 DMCA takedown notices to YouTube , all making copyright infringement claims against videos with content critical of the Church of Scientology . "
A DMCA notice , or Digital Millennium Copyright
Act notice means an attempt to limit the use of copyrighted material that is often infringing on the rights of an alleged copyright .
Wikinews made attempts to contact American Rights Counsel LLC for comment on the take - down notices , but was unable to obtain contact details for the alleged organisation .
One post on a YouTube discussion page related to the organization states that they " do not appear to exist outside of these claims on YouTube . "
Wikinews contacted YouTube several times asking them if they have a process of verifying DMCA requests from individuals or entities claiming copyright infringement , but when they responded , they directed Wikinews to their terms of service saying , " item 8 addresses the DMCA and 8 B addresses counter - notice procedures . "
YouTube 's terms of use in regards to filing DMCA requests states that only " A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed " can make such claims .
It also goes on to say , " Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed , or , if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification , a representative list of such works at that site . "
The EFF says the videos attempting to be removed had shown clips from Anonymous protests of the Church and news footage from Australia and Germany which were critical of Scientology .
Some videos were also messages from Anonymous to Scientology , and vice versa .
Others were also video clips from a City Commission meeting in Clearwater , Florida .
Accounts hosting the material were " suspended by YouTube in response to multiple allegations of copyright infringement . "
YouTube does , however , have a process for users that wish to file a counter - notice against a take - down under the DMCA .
After the DMCA notices were sent , YouTube users began to revolt , by sending " DMCA counter - notices " to YouTube .
The EFF states that the counter attack resulted in many of the accounts being reinstated and their videos restored .
One user claimed that he had shot and uploaded one of the videos that was taken down .
" How can someone else file a claim against a video I MADE ? , " said ShadowVsScientology , one of the YouTube users who had a video deleted .
Since he owned the rights to the video , he alleges that the American Rights Counsel had no legal grounds to request its removal .
A video posted on YouTube by a user called ' Church0 fScientology ' , who was responsible for the original ' Message to Scientology ' in January of 2008 created after the Church had a video of a Tom Cruise interview removed from the site , states that the organization responsible for the DMCAs does not exist and is run by a man named Dr. Oliver Schaper .
They state that he " fronts " the organization for Scientology .
It also calls Schaper 's actions " deceptive " .
Schaper also had an account on YouTube which has since been suspended .
Wikinews obtained a cached version of his account page in which he states to the group Anonymous , " I respect your efforts as long your efforts remain within the limits of the law and remain fair .
Although I do n't censor any postings , I would appreciate if any conversation could remain civil and insult free . "
Schaper also states that he " will not censor because I strongly believe in the freedom of speech . "
They accuse him of running and owning media companies that distribute gay pornography , something Schaper later admits , but only that it's an " adult television network . "
Homosexuality is not accepted within the Church of Scientology and is not tolerated .
Scientology believes that homosexuality is a disease and can be cured .
A user named " Oschaper " has written articles on the online encyclopedia Wikipedia about Peephole TV and Volksmusik TV .
Oliver Schaper is the founder of Peephole TV , and is also involved with Volksmusik TV .
In an e-mail to Wikinews , Wikipedia user Oschaper claims that his first name is Olaf , and that he is " not related " to Oliver Schaper .
" Olaf " writes : " My name is Olaf Schaper and I use the handle oschaper on Wikipedia .
I 'm not related to Oliver Schaper and we share only the last name ...
If you like to contact Oliver Schaper please see his companies website at www.acos.tv " .
When asked how he managed to get an e-mail address with that last name , Olaf replied , " I got the email because my best friend works for his networks hence the creation of my postings on Wikipedia . "
Used to describe the war which begun between the internet and the Church on January 19 , 2008 .
Map details internet coverage in countries .
Wikinews contacted Schaper for exclusive comments .
Schaper replied saying that he is a " very strong advocate for the Church of Scientology , the religion of Scientology and a free speech advocate " and " I do n’t need to go into details but I felt that my family and myself have been direct targets and in an attempt to control the situation , I started to track down and remove online links between me and my religion .
This included postings made by HouseSpiderAnon on his videos , who publicly connected the dots and made them available to a larger audience . "
" I requested several times to have my information removed from his videos as I wanted no association with his work but he refused , even after I stated several times that he has the right to protest but that I would like to enforce my right of privacy .
He refused and demanded documentation of the attacks , something I refused because it was not my attention to allow more documents to be available online in public hand , " added Schaper who also said he has been a victim of identity theft and now has the FBI involved in investigating his claim .
" Tustin PD [ police department ] has been on the case and now the FBI is involved as well .
Social Security has been notified and we have seen about 200 attempts to use the SSN [ social security number ] for fake credit cards applications , " Schaper told Wikinews .
Schaper admits that he contacted YouTube to have videos which contained images of him that were being used without permission and videos " which violated [ his ] privacy removed . "
Those requests made by Schaper were eventually accepted by YouTube but " videos that contained just a text messages directed against me or my church remained , " he added .
He also admits to owning " several broadcasting companies , ACOS Broadcasting Corp. ( eight mainstream television and two radio networks ) & Media House Enterprises , Inc. ( adult television network PEEPHOLE TV ) . "
" I had the power to go fully against copyrighted material because we own or licensed large amounts of content .
But it was not my responsibility to enforce all copyright violations on YouTube .
In addition with the attacks on our servers , websites and infrastructure , no time would have been available to take on a fight , " added Schaper .
Schaper also denies any involvement with the alleged rights group and also states he was just notified that it does n't even exist .
" As many other people , and even members of the Church of Scientology received information about a company that removed anti-Scientology content from YouTube , shit hit the fan and members of Anonymous went on a full attack on me .
I still have to this date no information about the American Rights Counsel and I have no connection , knowledge or involvement in this company which I have been informed of does not even exists , " Schaper told Wikinews .
One critic of Scientology , television producer Mark Bunker also had his accounts deleted by YouTube , but had them quickly restored .
Bunker also believes that the American Rights Counsel does not exist .
" American Rights Counsel LLC does not exist .
When I got my take - down notices from YouTube I tried to file a DMCA counter - notice but in order to do that you need to get the name of the contact person to be served with the notice and the contact information of the company which the government lists on the web , " said Bunker to Wikinews who also added that their name is not registered with the United States copyright office .
" I next did a google search for American Rights Counsel LLC which brought up absolutely no results so clearly this was fraud from the beginning .
I contact[ed ]
YouTube and they quickly restored everything to my account and others , " added Bunker .
Wikinews has also learned that a contributor on Wikipedia , claiming to be a member of Anonymous , has posted what is allegedly personal information of Schaper .
The edit , made to the article Peephole TV states that he is a lawyer , employed with a firm on Ricklinger , Stadtweg in Hanover , Germany .
It also stated that he is affiliated with the " Tustin Org " in California .
In what seems to be a gathering of information on Schaper from other online sources , according to Enturbulation.org , the result of releasing the information has resulted in legal and physical threats from Schaper to someone , known as ' HouseSpiderV2 ' on Enturbulation , who has claimed to have released e-mail correspondence between him and Schaper .
" Do n't think I will not be able to track you down and serve you with papers .
I would make the case so expensive for you that you would not be able to even fight this on your own funding as I have the money at my disposal , " allegedly states Schaper to ' HouseSpider V2 ' in an e-mail .
" You have 24 hours to remove the postings or I will start to make this a legal issue .
That makes it simple , " he added .
Despite the claims that the Wikipedia contributor is Oliver Schaper , he claims to have never registered an account with Wikipedia .
He also says he has never made any threats of physical harm to members of Anonymous .
" I had not the need to register an account with Wikipedia and after all this trouble will not get involved at all .
There has never been any threat of violence against Housespideranon or any other member of Anonymous made by me , " Schaper told Wikinews .
It would be worth a subpoena to find out who committed this crime .
— Mark Bunker
Bunker , who recently spoke with Schaper , says he believes Schaper is not involved , but that he also does n't know who or what was responsible for filing the DMCA requests .
" I had never heard of Schaper before he was accused of this .
I do n't know anything about him other than he contacted me and said he was not involved .
I do n't know who was responsible .
4000 deletions in a matter of hours is a pretty major feat .
It would be worth a subpoena to find out who committed this crime .
I would n't blame Schaper without knowing he did it , " Bunker added .
Related news
Sources
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
After two weeks of contentious and often emotional debate , the federal government 's far - reaching and historic plan to bail out the nation 's financial system was signed into law by President Bush on Friday afternoon .
" By coming together on this legislation , we have acted boldly to prevent the crisis on Wall Street from becoming a crisis in communities across our country , " Bush said less than an hour after the House voted 263 to 171 to pass the bill .
The House vote followed a strong lobbying push by the White House and other supporters of the bill .
The House rejected a similar measure on Monday - a defeat that shocked the markets and congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle .
The law , which allows the Treasury Secretary to purchase as much as $ 700 billion in troubled assets in a bid to kick - start lending , ushers in one of the most far - reaching interventions in the economy since the Great Depression .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said he welcomed the news .
" The legislation is a critical step toward stabilizing our financial markets and ensuring an uninterrupted flow of credit to households and businesses , " he said .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said he would act swiftly but " methodically " to carry out the plan .
" The broad authorities in this legislation , when combined with existing regulatory authorities and resources , gives us the ability to protect and recapitalize our financial system as we work through the stresses in our credit markets , " Paulson said .
Switching votes
Republicans picked up 26 votes in favor of the bill among caucus members who 'd originally voted against it on Monday , while Democrats picked up an additional 32 votes .
According to voting results , 172 Democrats voted in favor of the bill while 62 opposed it ; and 91 Republicans voted for it and 108 voted against it .
" We did today what we had to do because past mistakes made it necessary , " said Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass . , one of the lead negotiators on the bill .
Republicans who switched their votes from " no " to " yes " included Rep.
Howard Coble , R - N.C. , and Rep. Sue Myrick , R - N.C .
In a statement before the vote , Myrick said , " We 're on the cusp of a complete catastrophic credit meltdown .
There is no liquidity in the market .
We are out of time .
Either you believe that fact , or you do n't .
I do . "
Democrats who switched to " yes " votes include Rep. John Lewis , D - Ga. , Rep. Elijah Cummings , D - Md. , and Rep. Donna Edwards , D - Md .
Cummings noted before the vote that this was the most difficult vote for him in his 12 years in Congress .
" But today we must step up and lead , " he said .
Earlier this week , Cummings and Edwards were part of a group that had been working on an alternate proposal .
The lawmakers had lobbied strongly but unsuccessfully to include , among other things , a change to the bankruptcy law that would let judges modify mortgages on primary residences , a move the lending industry has strongly opposed .
Cummings and Edwards said they had received calls from Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama , encouraging them to change their minds .
They said they received assurances that he was committed to the bankruptcy provision .
House Minority Whip Roy Blunt , R - Mo. , told reporters before the vote on Friday morning that three things have happened to change some Republican members ' opposition to the bill since the House defeated the measure on Monday : more calls to their district offices in support of the bill ; a clarification of SEC accounting rules ; and the Senate additions , passed on Wednesday , including a number of tax break extenders and an increase in FDIC deposit insurance coverage .
( What 's in the law . )
Economy in need of a fix
The House debate began on the heels of two market - moving events early Friday morning : a worse - than - expected monthly jobs number ; and a surprise merger announcement between Wachovia and Wells Fargo .
For the past two weeks , lending between banks and between banks and businesses has gotten considerably more expensive .
Small businesses are having trouble getting loans .
As of midday Friday , one key measure showed that banks were hoarding cash rather than loaning it .
Meanwhile , a risk indicator showing banks ' willingness to lend to each other was at an all - time high .
Advocates say the plan is crucial to government efforts to attack a credit crisis that threatens the economy and would free up banks to lend more .
Opponents say it rewards bad decisions by Wall Street , puts taxpayers at risk and fails to address the real economic problems facing Americans .
Lawmakers who voted against the bill warned that " being stampeded " into voting the bill through would be a serious mistake .
" Wall Street is so hungry for the $ 700 billion they can taste it .
To get it they need to ... create panic , block alternatives and herd the cattle .
We ask Congress not to rush .
Defeating this bill today is n't the last step .
It 's the first step in passing a good bill , " said Rep. Brad Sherman , D - Calif. , before the vote .
Rep. Marcy Kaptur , D - Ohio , who has called for the FDIC and SEC to use their powers to ease the credit crisis , said , " Pray for our Republic .
She 's being placed in ... very greedy hands . "
Lawmakers who stood in support of the plan noted that it will help Main Street , not Wall Street .
" We [ would ] rescue the jobs , the savings and the ability to get a loan for each hard - working American , " said Rep. Louise Slaughter , D - N.Y .
Rep. Maxine Waters , D - Calif. , noted in the floor debate that the plan as amended by lawmakers also supports homeowners at risk of foreclosure by giving the government more say in how loans for troubled borrowers are modified so people can stay in their homes .
" When we buy up this toxic paper , we 're in charge .
We can do the kind of loan modifications we 've been urging [ the industry coalition ]
Hope Now to get done .
...
We 'll be able to set some standards , " Waters said during the floor debate .
" For anybody who says there 's nothing in this bill for homeowners , they 're incorrect . "
Many questions remain
Even though the financial rescue plan has been signed into law , there are still a lot of unanswered questions regarding how some key provisions will work .
For instance , just how will Treasury structure the pricing and purchase of the troubled assets , which are troubled precisely because they 're difficult - to - value ?
For one thing , Treasury will be buying a variety of asset types backed by mortgages and loans of hard - to - verify credit quality .
And financial institutions are not all in the same pickle - they each have their own combination of problems .
" The challenges our institutions face are just as varied - from holding illiquid mortgage backed securities , to illiquid whole loans , to raising needed capital , to simply facing a crisis of confidence , " Paulson said after the House vote .
How much will the investment managers that Paulson will hire to run the asset purchase program be paid ?
What will the hiring guidelines be to prevent conflicts of interest ?
One thing seems certain : Treasury staff are likely to be working more nights and weekends in the next month trying to figure it all out .
CNN congressional producers Deirdre Walsh and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .
Al Franken 's been fending off Republican dirty tricks in his election --- and in this response the DSCC knocks it out of the park .
Here 's a fresh new approach to the same old tactics .
Via Balloon Juice because as John Cole says : " Sarcasm works . "
by Damozel | According to WaPo and other sources , the McCain campaign --- which has got nothing else --- plans to resort to ever darker and nastier measures to make Obama look bad ( cf. Jane Smiley at HuffPost ) .
Maybe the Obama campaign should consider the " point and laugh " response ?
Or is being flip too unpresidential ?
Hmmm .
Anyway , the ad is awesome .
Meanwhile , John Cole reflects on the politics of desperation embodied in these attacks .
" Flop sweat smells like fear . "
The outcome ?
The very moderates who voted for him in the primaries over Giuliani and Romney will realize every more clearly he ain't what he used to be , if he ever was .
And ....
McCain will continue to trash his brand as a straight - talking bi-partisan maverick , the media will be repulsed , and it really is too little too late .
I really am surprised that they thought they could run a substance free biography based campaign during a two - front war and an economic crisis , but by now I should never be surprised by Republican stupidity .
( John Cole ; emphasis added )
Yeah , at this point , people are n't going to care that much who Obama knows in Chicago if they think he can do a better job than McCranky and Screechy getting us out of the mess willed on us by McCain 's party --- or even mitigating the damage .
Recent Buck Naked Politics Posts :
- Lehman Execs Re-Distributed Billions in Shareholder Wealth
- Wall Street to Say " No thank You " to Bailout Funds ?
- Risky Buys Were Not Fannie CEO 's Fault ?
- Let Jeremy Paxman Moderate All Our Debates
- Jon Swift : We Need Crotchety Old Man as President ; Modest Proposal for Bailout
- Wife to Ex-Member of Secessionist Party , Palin Drivels About Obama " Palling Around " with Terrorists
- New VP - Debate Based Obama Ad : " Ca n't Explain "
- AIG Spent $ 61 Billion of Old Bailout Money , Plans to ...
- Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic : Palin Sews Up the Right Wing Dude Vote by Shooting Starbursts at Rick Lowry , You Betcha
- Reflections on the Debate : Gosh darn it , that Sarah Palin is Bright as a Button !
- VP Debate Success : Palin Avoids Appearing 100 % Moronic
.
Personal finance site Mint.com has gathered data showing that its users spent an average of $ 300 less per month in August than in January this year — a 6 percent drop suggesting that the site ’s 500,000 users are adjusting to the economic downturn ( at least a little better than Wall Street ) .
Anonymous data culled from free finance sites like Mint , Geezeo and Wesabe that allow users to track their bank balances , set budgets , and control different types of spending , may become good barometers for how the daily lives of regular people are influenced by tough economic times .
Early members on these relatively new sites are likely to be younger and more tech - savvy than the average American , but this could change as more people turn to web tools to help them cut costs and weather the storm .
In particular , Mint.com users spent about 1 to 3 percent less per month on entertainment , shopping and travel expenses , which is not surprising .
Neither is the sharp 4 percent monthly drop in spending on gifts and donations .
Discretionary spending is always the first to go .
These changes were countered by a small 2 percent uptick in spending on both gas and utilities and financial advising .
The site will continue to pull data on a regular basis to keep tabs on how the recession is affecting its use .
For seven months , the intense sun has beaten down on the turf and grass of these NFL fields , but in October the air fills with the promise of glory , riding on a cool breeze .
As we gaze out upon the verdant field , we see many different species of the elusive NFL receiver .
Ah yes , here come some now .
Eldoradus Ochocincus
Description : Seems to communicate in own language that is hard to understand , tends to mark territory with elaborate dances .
Species Variations : Terrell Owens , Chad Johnson , Plaxico Burress
Ancestor : Keyshawn Johnson
Freakazoidus Athleticus
Description : Possible mutant species that exhibits remarkable physical traits and abilities that border on the impossible .
Species Variations : Dwayne Bowe , Andre Johnson , Calvin Johnson
Ancestor : Randy Moss
Sparticus Minisculis
Description : Smallish , with no regard for their own well - being , often found running from predators .
Species Variations : Wes Welker , Steve Smith , Deion Branch
Ancestor : Az - Zahir Hakim
Binkyus Comfortus
Description :
This species is very reliable , sticking to a strict routine and running in a very predictable fashion .
Exhibits incredible hand - eye coordination .
Species Variations : Brandon Marshall , T.J. Houshmanzadeh , Marvin Harrison
Ancestor : Art Monk
Like What You Read ?
– Subscribe to NE Patriots Draft !
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
MUSTANG , Okla . --
Draft boards are forgotten , but not gone .
Thirty - five years have passed since the last American man stood before his local draft board and asked to be excused from military service .
But in case the draft returns , the Selective Service System is still recruiting civilians to determine which conscripts deserve a pass from Uncle Sam .
" The ...
Does this make any damned sense to anyone :
Palin told WMAL - AM that her criticism of Obama ’s associations , like those with 1960s radical Bill Ayers and the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , should not be considered negative attacks .
Rather , for reporters or columnists to suggest that it is going negative may constitute an attack that threatens a candidate ’s free speech rights under the Constitution , Palin said .
“ If [ the media ] convince enough voters that that is negative campaigning , for me to call Barack Obama out on his associations , ” Palin told host Chris Plante , “ then I do n’t know what the future of our country would be in terms of First Amendment rights and our ability to ask questions without fear of attacks by the mainstream media . ”
I ’d like to say that I have taught my kids everything they need to know about personal finance , from the basics of banking to the complexities of investing and portfolio management .
I have n’t .
When I was ready to inform and guide , they had no interest in learning .
The financial education of my children has not been progressive or linear , but rather haphazard and unorganized .
Imparting wisdom , then , has been the result of random events and conversations .
So , with the understanding that life keeps happening whether you are ready or not , here are 6 things I have managed to teach my children about money .
1 ) Beware of fees for add - on services .
Both of my sons , newly equipped with cell phones , accessed the Mobile Web during out - of - town trips .
When my oldest son went away to football camp , he got bored during his downtime and checked ESPN box scores .
My youngest decided to check on updates for his favorite computer game during a family vacation .
Neither realized that this service was not included in our flat monthly fee .
Now they know that easily accessible services are not always ( hardly ever ? ) free .
2 ) Watch your expenses if you want to have a profitable business , but do n’t be so cheap that you wo n’t have satisfied customers .
When my youngest decided he wanted to sell Yu - Gi - Oh !
cards on eBay , we worked together to set up an account linked to my credit card and checking account , both of our emails , etc .
Though he seemed to understand the revenue side of business , he had to learn about expenses .
He carefully considered the cost of posting multiple photos , postage , and mailers .
Would an extra photo help sell the cards or just increase the eBay fee ?
How much is postage ?
And should he use a rigid mailer , as I suggested , or a flexible bubble envelope , as he preferred , to get the best buyer feedback ?
( He shipped the cards using the bubble envelope and earned a “ well - packaged ” comment from his first buyer . )
Not only did my son figure the basics of controlling expenses , he also learned how to weigh business costs vs. benefits to the customer , made easier thanks to the feedback mechanism .
3 ) Be certain of a purchase before you make a commitment .
For the fourth year in a row , my son decided to attend a month - long summer enrichment program .
Before I sent in the $ 350 fee , I confirmed his interest but never mentioned the amount .
Having spent the week just prior to start of the program at Boy Scout camp , walking several miles each day , he was tired , rather than energized , for the first day of activities .
Adding to his troubles were 1 ) a new program site ( he preferred the inner - city school of prior years ) ; 2 ) more watchfulness and protection on the teachers ’ part , limiting his perceived freedom ; and 3 ) no long - time friends in any of his classes .
He wanted to quit after the first day but I felt troubled having paid the non-refundable program fees and more importantly , not having taught him the value of $ 350 .
We had a series of discussions in which I managed to explain to him that while I did n’t mind paying for the program , it bothered me tremendously to waste money .
Also , I made clear that I had to forgo other opportunities to allow him to participate .
Our first solution was for him to repay me ( he had a couple of hundred dollars in unspent birthday cash that made a dent in his debt ) ; though he said he did n't miss the money , he decided within a couple of days to go back ( thus reclaiming his cash ) and found the experience enjoyable .
We both learned to consider the cost of programs and other opportunities before making a big commitment .
4 ) Bring cash but do n’t spend everything you have .
For many years , my oldest , a saver by nature , seemed to think that he should either spend all the cash I gave him for outings or keep all the change .
I would give him money for a movie with a friend , for example , but he would ask his friend ’s mom to pay his way and then try to keep my cash .
After I clarified that he was to use our family 's money , he then proceeded to spend as much as possible .
I was surprised when my youngest , the spender , gave me change when he returned from scout camp ; during the entire week , he bought just one root beer and a merit - badge handbook .
About that time , my oldest also returned currency and coin from a parent - funded activity .
I am not sure how it happened but they managed to learn financial restraint .
5 ) Just because you can afford any one thing you want does n’t mean you can afford everything you want .
In the past year or so , my teenage son ’s appetite has gone from average to outrageous .
During this time , he discovered Jersey Mike 's and developed a preference for giant - sized sandwiches ( currently Chipotle Cheese Steak ) to the extent that he began to think that having a giant every day was a normal request .
During the summer break , when I had trouble keeping his hunger abated , he kept asking for Jersey Mike's .
When I expressed my frustration and told him that we could n’t afford to eat out every day , he asked if we were poor .
I did convince him that limiting your appetite does n’t mean you are poor but thrifty and wise .
6 ) Having money can save you money .
Now that I ’ve realized that I should involve my sons in day - to - day financial decision - making , I took my youngest with me to get his band instrument for the upcoming school year .
The local music stores have rental programs , making it easier to afford an instrument , but the one we visited had a combination of offers .
We could 1 ) rent the instrument for a monthly fee , 2 ) rent the instrument and have the monthly amount go toward the purchase price so that at the end of a few years , we ’d own the instrument or 3 ) buy the instrument at nearly a 50 % discount and , if my son changed his mind about band , return the instrument for the purchase price less the monthly rental fee .
After some consideration , we opted for the purchase with buy - back guarantee ( the rental interest rate seemed about 25 % ) .
He found , as Philip as mentioned in " On the Importance of Having Capital " that having enough to pay now can save money ; or if he missed the nuance of the salesperson 's presentation , he certainly learned that band instruments are expensive .
Do I hope to be more intentional in my financial education of my children in the future ?
Yes .
But I 'll take what I can give ( in terms of personal finance ) as it comes along .
The inventor of a revolutionary new forensic fingerprinting technique claims criminals who eat processed foods are more likely to be discovered by police through their fingerprint sweat corroding metal .
Dr John Bond , a researcher at the University of Leicester and scientific support officer at Northamptonshire Police , said processed food fans are more likely to leave tell - tale signs at a crime scene .
Speaking before a conference on forensic science at the University of Leicester , Dr Bond said sweaty fingerprint marks made more of a corrosive impression on metal if they had a high salt content .
And he revealed he was currently in early talks with colleagues at the University of Leicester to assess whether a sweat mark left at a crime scene could be analysed to reveal a ‘ sweat profile ’ ie more about the type of person who left the mark .
Dr Bond , from Northamptonshire Police Scientific Support Unit is an Honorary Research Fellow at the University of Leicester ’s Forensic Research Centre .
He has developed a method that enables scientists to ‘ visualise fingerprints ’ even after the print itself has been removed .
He and colleagues conducted a study into the way fingerprints can corrode metal surfaces .
The technique can enhance – after firing – a fingerprint that has been deposited on a small calibre metal cartridge case before it is fired .
Dr Bond said : “ On the basis that processed foods tend to be high in salt as a preservative , the body needs to excrete excess salt which comes out as sweat through the pores in our fingers .
“ So the sweaty fingerprint impression you leave when you touch a surface will be high in salt if you eat a lot of processed foods - the higher the salt , the better the corrosion of the metal . ”
Dr Bond added there was therefore an indirect link therefore between obesity and the chances of being caught of a crime .
“ Other research has drawn links between processed foods and obesity and we know that consumers of processed foods will leave better fingerprints , ” he said .
Dr Bond said there was scope to take his research further and to look at the constituents of sweat itself in order to profile an individual : “ We are currently in talks with the University of Leicester to see if there is scope to investigate sweat itself and whether it can identify the type of person who left that sweat mark
“ This is because the amount of sweat people leave varies and the components of the sweat varies .
Important for us is how the salt varies but there is potential to investigate other elements to describe the kind of person who left the mark .
It would give lifestyle information that , whilst nowhere near as good as identifying individuals with their fingerprints , it is still very good for police if they have got nothing else to go on .
“ This would be particularly helpful for terrorist type crimes where the nature of the incident would tend to obliterate forensic evidence .
So a sweat mark on a piece of metal or bomb fragment that might be recovered from an incident might be able to provide a clue to the type of person who perpetrated the incident . ”
“ We would describe the study of sweat as a process of intelligent fingerprinting - using the fingerprint to tell us more about the individual rather than a simple identification . ”
Le Morne is isolated and virtually inaccessible
The UN has added the Mauritian mountain of Le Morne , which long served as a shelter for fugitive slaves , to its world heritage list .
Fleeing slaves used settlements in the mountain 's caves and on its summit in the 18th and 19th Centuries .
At the time , Mauritius was an important stopover in the eastern slave trade .
The world heritage list compiled by the UN 's cultural agency , Unesco , includes hundreds of sites considered to have outstanding universal value .
Unesco aims to help protect the sites on the list with the help of UN member states .
' Legends '
Le Morne is a rugged mountain that juts out towards the Indian Ocean in the south - west of Mauritius .
Slaves hiding there were protected by the mountain 's isolated , wooded and almost inaccessible cliffs .
The mountain became a symbol of the slaves ' fight for freedom .
The slaves came from the African mainland , Madagascar , India and south - east Asia , and worked on colonial plantations in Mauritius .
Le Morne gave birth to many legends , including one that says Malagasy slaves came there to look in the direction of Madagascar before killing themselves , says the BBC's Yasine Mohabuth in Mauritius .
The mountain is seen as a place of suffering and a symbol of the country 's sacrifices , he says .
Check this out , " Massimo Banzi says .
The burly , bearded engineer wanders over to inspect a chipmaking robot — a " pick and place " machine the size of a pizza oven .
It hums with activity , grabbing teensy electronic parts and stabbing them into position on a circuit board like a hyperactive chicken pecking for seeds .
We 're standing in a one - room fabrication factory used by Arduino , the Italian firm that makes this circuit board , a hot commodity among DIY gadget - builders .
The electronics factory is one of the most picturesque in existence , nestled in the medieval foothills of Milan , with birdsong floating in through the open doors and plenty of coffee breaks for the white - coated staff .
But today Banzi is all business .
He 's showing off his operation to a group of potential customers from Arizona .
Banzi scoops up one of the boards and points to the tiny map of Italy emblazoned on it .
" See? Italian manufacturing quality ! " he says , laughing .
" That 's why everyone likes us ! "
Indeed , 50,000 Arduino units have been sold worldwide since mass production began two years ago .
Those are small numbers by Intel standards but large for a startup outfit in a highly specialized market .
What 's really remarkable , though , is Arduino 's business model :
The team has created a company based on giving everything away .
On its Web site , it posts all its trade secrets for anyone to take — all the schematics , design files , and software for the Arduino board .
Download them and you can manufacture an Arduino yourself ; there are no patents .
You can send the plans off to a Chinese factory , mass - produce the circuit boards , and sell them yourself — pocketing the profit without paying Banzi a penny in royalties .
He wo n't sue you .
Actually , he 's sort of hoping you 'll do it .
That 's because the Arduino board is a piece of open source hardware , free for anyone to use , modify , or sell .
Banzi and his team have spent precious billable hours making the thing , and they sell it themselves for a small profit — while allowing anyone else to do the same .
They 're not alone in this experiment .
In a loosely coordinated movement , dozens of hardware inventors around the world have begun to freely publish their specs .
There are open source synthesizers , MP3 players , guitar amplifiers , and even high - end voice - over - IP phone routers .
You can buy an open source mobile phone to talk on , and a chip company called VIA has just released an open source laptop :
Anyone can take its design , fabricate it , and start selling the notebooks .
Banzi admits that the concept does sound insane .
After all , Arduino assumes a lot of risk ; the group spends thousands of dollars to make a batch of boards .
" If you publish all your files , in one sense , you 're inviting the competition to come and kill you , " he says , shrugging .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Then again , Linux sounded pretty insane , too , back in 1991 , when Linus Torvalds announced it .
Nobody believed a bunch of part - time volunteers could create something as complex as an operating system , or that it would be more stable than Windows .
Nobody believed Fortune 500 companies would trust software that could n't be " owned . "
Yet 17 years later , the open source software movement has been crucial to the Cambrian explosion of the Web economy .
Linux enabled Google to build dirt - cheap servers ; Java and Perl and Ruby have become the lingua franca for building Web 2.0 applications ; and the free Web - server software Apache powers nearly half of all Web sites in the world .
Open source software gave birth to the Internet age , making everyone — even those who donated their labor — better off .
Can open source hardware do the same thing ?
Every open source project begins with an itch that needs scratching .
Linux was launched when Torvalds decided he did n't like the operating systems available to him .
The top three —
Microsoft's DOS , Apple 's operating system , and Unix — were all expensive and they were closed ; Torvalds wanted a system he could tinker with .
As it happened , a lot of other geeks wanted the same thing .
So when Torvalds began working on Linux and sharing his code , other hackers were willing to pitch in and help improve it for free — creating a virtual workforce that was infinitely bigger and smarter than Torvalds himself .
That is the central benefit of open source projects :
They 're like a barn raising in which everyone gets to use the barn .
Somebody has a problem and creates a tool to solve it .
And once the tool is created , hey — why not share it ?
The hard work has already been done .
Might as well let others benefit .
Team Arduino : Gianluca Martino , Massimo Banzi , and David Cuartielles Photo : James Day Arduino began the same way .
Banzi was a teacher at a high tech design school in Ivrea , Italy , and his students often complained they could n't find an inexpensive , powerful microcontroller to drive their arty robotic projects .
In winter 2005 , Banzi was discussing the problem with David Cuartielles , a Spanish microchip engineer who was a visiting researcher at the school .
The two decided to design their own board and enlisted one of Banzi 's students — David Mellis — to write the programming language for it .
In two days , Mellis banged out the code ; three days more and the board was complete .
They called it the Arduino , after a nearby pub , and it was an instant hit with the students .
Almost anyone , even if they did n't know anything about computer programming , could use an Arduino to do something cool , like respond to sensors , make lights blink , or control motors .
Then Banzi , Cuartielles , and Mellis put the schematics online and spent 3,000 euros to make the first batch of boards .
" We did 200 copies , and my school bought 50 , " Banzi says .
" We had no idea how we 'd sell the other 150 .
We did n't think we would . "
But word spread to hobbyists worldwide , and a few months later there were orders for hundreds more Arduinos .
Turns out there was a market for this thing .
So the Arduino inventors decided to start a business , but with a twist :
The designs would stay open source .
Because copyright law — which governs open source software — does n't apply to hardware , they decided to use a Creative Commons license called Attribution - Share Alike .
It governs the " reference designs " for the Arduino board , the files you 'd send to a fabrication plant to have the boards made .
Under the Creative Commons license , anyone is allowed to produce copies of the board , to redesign it , or even to sell boards that copy the design .
You do n't need to pay a license fee to the Arduino team or even ask permission .
However , if you republish the reference design , you have to credit the original Arduino group .
And if you tweak or change the board , your new design must use the same or a similar Creative Commons license to ensure that new versions of the Arduino board will be equally free and open .
The only piece of intellectual property the team reserved was the name Arduino , which it trademarked .
If anyone wants to sell boards using that name , they have to pay a small fee to Arduino .
This , Cuartielles and Banzi say , is to make sure their brand name is n't hurt by low - quality copies .
Members of the team had slightly different motives for opening the design of their device .
Cuartielles — who sports a mass of wiry , curly hair and a Che Guevara beard — describes himself as a left - leaning academic who 's less interested in making money than in inspiring creativity and having his invention used widely .
If other people make copies of it , all the better ; it will gain more renown .
( " When I spoke in Taiwan recently , I told them , ' Please copy this ! ' "
Cuartielles says with a grin . )
Banzi , by contrast , is more of a canny businessman ; he has mostly retired from teaching and runs a high tech design firm .
But he suspected that if Arduino were open , it would inspire more interest and more free publicity than a piece of proprietary , closed hardware .
What 's more , excited geeks would hack it and — like Linux fans — contact the Arduino team to offer improvements .
They would capitalize on this free work , and every generation of the board would get better .
Sure enough , that 's what happened .
Within months , geeks suggested wiring changes and improvements to the programming language .
One distributor offered to sell the boards .
By 2006 , Arduino had sold 5,000 units ; the next year , it sold 30,000 .
Hobbyists used them to create robots , to fine - tune their car engines for ultrahigh mileage , and to build unmanned model airplanes .
Several quirky companies emerged .
A firm called Botanicalls developed an Arduino - powered device that monitors house plants and phones you when they need to be watered .
In one sense , Arduino 's timing was perfect .
There 's a resurgence of DIY among geeks interested in hacking and improving hardware , fueled by ever - cheaper electronics they can buy online , build - it - yourself publications like Make magazine , and Web sites like Instructables .
In recent years , hackers have been aggressively cracking consumer devices to improve them — adding battery life to iPhones , installing bigger hard drives on TiVos , and ripping apart Furby toys and reprogramming them to function as motion - sensing alarm bots .
Inexpensive chip - reading tools make it possible to reverse - engineer almost anything .
That 's how Chinese hardware copycats rip off products so quickly .
Want to join the world of Arduino developers ?
Wired editor in chief Chris Anderson already has , designing two Arduino - based autopilots for unmanned model aircraft : ArduPilot and BlimpDuino ( you can find them at diydrones.com ) .
Here 's his formula for getting your creation out and into the world .
1 Download the Arduino schematic and circuit board files from arduino .cc .
Use the free version of CadSoft Eagle ( from cadsoft.de ) to modify them for your particular creation .
2 Upload your files to a board fabricator like BatchPCB .
Your boards will be manufactured in Chinese robotic - electronics factories and sent to your house .
Typical cost is $ 10 each .
3 Order bulk electronic parts from digikey .com and solder the components onto the board to make a prototype .
Test the board and your code .
You 're ready to distribute your gizmo to the masses !
4 If you want to produce and sell the product yourself , use a manufacturing service like Screaming Circuits to assemble the boards on robotic pick - and - place soldering machines .
5 Alternately , an open source hardware specialist like SparkFun or Adafruit can make and sell the product for you .
They 'll add a profit margin and pay you a license fee .
6 Publish your revised schematics and circuit board files so that others can modify them .
The cycle begins again .
This is the unacknowledged fact underpinning the open hardware movement : Hardware is already open .
Even when inventors try to keep the guts of their gadgets secret , they can't .
So why not actively open those designs and try to profit from the inevitable ?
" Apple never open - sourced the iPod , right ?
But if you go down to Canal Street in Manhattan , there are copies all over the place , " says Limor Fried , founder of Adafruit Industries , a Manhattan company that makes and sells open source hardware ranging from the Arduino board to devices Fried designs herself .
" It does n't matter anymore whether your product is open source .
Someone in another country is going to open it up and reverse - engineer it anyway . "
Like the Arduino team , Fried has found that when people have access to the plans of her inventions , they suggest improvements ; they almost can't help themselves .
In 2006 , when Fried released the design for MintyBoost — an Altoids tin crammed with AA batteries you can use to recharge your MP3 player or phone — some users complained on her forum that it would n't charge their devices .
Other posters jumped in to analyze the problems and devise fixes ; some even sketched out replacement circuitry .
( MintyBoost is now Fried 's most popular invention ; she has sold 8,000 of the gadgets for about $ 20 each . )
In essence , her customers are also her tech support — available 24/7 , at no cost to her .
" But how do you make any money ? "
Whenever Banzi or Cuartielles describe their Arduino strategy , they 're inevitably asked this question .
And it 's a genuine puzzle , because open source hardware is n't quite like open source software .
Software costs almost nothing to reproduce ;
Torvalds did n't need to spend money every time someone downloaded a copy of Linux .
But the Arduino team has to pay to produce its boards before it can sell them .
Under traditional economic logic , this requires a patent ; nobody is going to risk money inventing and selling hardware unless they can prevent competitors from immediately ripping off their designs and pouncing on their market .
So how do you make money in a world of open hardware ?
Right now , open design pioneers tend to follow one of two economic models .
The first is not to worry about selling much hardware but instead to sell your expertise as the inventor .
If anyone can manufacture a device , then the most efficient manufacturer will do so at the best price .
Fine , let them .
It 'll ensure your contraption is widely distributed .
Because you 're the inventor , though , the community of users will inevitably congregate around you , much as Torvalds was the hub for Linux .
You will always be the first to hear about cool improvements or innovative uses for your device .
That knowledge becomes your most valuable asset , which you can sell to anyone .
This is precisely how the Arduino team works .
It makes little off the sale of each board — only a few dollars of the $ 35 price , which gets rolled into the next production cycle .
But the serious income comes from clients who want to build devices based on the board and who hire the founders as consultants .
" Basically , what we have is the brand , " says Tom Igoe , an associate professor at the Interactive Telecommunications Program at New York University , who joined Arduino in 2005 .
" And brand matters . "
What 's more , the growing Arduino community performs free labor for the consultants .
Clients of Banzi 's design firm often want him to create Arduino - powered products .
For example , one client wanted to control LED arrays .
Poking around online , Banzi found that someone in France had already published Arduino code that did the job .
Banzi took the code and was done .
Then there 's the second model for making money off open source hardware :
Sell your device but try to keep ahead of the competition .
This is n't as hard as it seems .
Last year , Arduino noticed that copycat versions of its board made in China and Taiwan were being sold online .
Yet sales through the main Arduino store were still increasing dramatically .
Why ?
Arduino gadgets : WineM coaster ; Snail Light Seeker ; interactive embroidery with conductive threads ; and Botanicalls , which tells you when your plants need water .
Photos : James Day Partly because many Asian knockoffs were poor quality , rife with soldering errors and flimsy pin connections .
The competition created a larger market but also ensured that the original makers stayed a generation ahead of the cheap imitations .
Merely having the specs for a product does n't mean a copycat will make a quality item .
That takes skill , and the Arduino team understood its device better than just about anyone else .
" So the copycats can actually turn out to be good for our business , " Igoe says .
NYC Resistor , a club for hardware hackers in Brooklyn , looks like a madscientists ' lab , strewn with motorized doll parts , hot - rodded electric guitars , and Tupperware containers crammed full of electronic junk .
I 'm here to meet with Raphael Abrams , a cofounder of the group .
Abrams , 33 , is well known in open source hardware circles for developing the Daisy , an open MP3 player .
It earned him so much acclaim that he now works more or less full - time designing open projects and customizing audio hardware for other businesses , including hunting companies that hire him to develop duck and deer calls .
( " I 'm the go - to guy for digital animal - caller designs , " he says .
" It 's the weirdest thing that has ever happened to me . " )
Abrams is deep in conversation with Alicia Gibb , a grad student who hacks hardware in her spare time .
She 's talking about a matchbox - sized widget that museums use to monitor humidity and temperature in their galleries .
It 's made by Masterpak and retails for $ 115 ( similar devices can cost $ 400 ) .
A single institution might need hundreds of them , so it 's a lucrative little market .
But as Abrams and Gibb pick apart the gadget , they realize that the price carries a huge markup .
" This is worth about $ 15 in parts , " Abrams says , whistling as he pokes at the tiny electronics board inside .
" It has a really cheap low - end chip .
And they charge $ 400 for this ?
Someone is getting robbed . "
He tosses it on the table .
" You could sell it for $ 80 . "
Gibb gets a playful look in her eye .
" I 'm gonna do an open source version of this thing , " she says .
" Wait a minute , " I say .
" That means any museum will be able to take your free design and fabricate copies itself ?
Or someone who is n't even an inventor — like me — could send your design to a Chinese factory , produce a couple of thousand devices for $ 20 apiece , and sell them to museums for $ 50 ? "
" Sure , " she says , grinning .
I hear the sound of a thousand business models crumbling .
If Gibb actually pulls this off without violating any patents , the company that makes the overpriced widget is in for a shock .
No more easy profits based on the obscurity of its intellectual property .
It will immediately have to offer a better product or improved service — or risk going out of business .
This may be destruction — but it 's creative destruction .
Business models will crumble , sure , but others will be born .
Open source methods illustrate a hard , cold fact about hardware :
It 's increasingly becoming a commodity .
It is not merely that China has massively decreased the price of producing goods .
It 's that the price of designing goods is dropping through the floor .
As Eric von Hippel , an MIT professor of entrepreneurship , points out , that drop is the result of the emergence of cheap or free tools for chipmaking , 3 - D modeling , and online collaboration .
" In a sense , hardware is becoming much more like software , up to the point where you actually fabricate an object , " von Hippel says .
" That 's why you 're starting to see open source techniques in hardware .
Design is largely going to shift out from manufacturers to the communities . "
To thrive in this next wave , hardware manufacturers will have to switch their thinking .
Their job is no longer just to dream up ideas — it 's equally important , maybe even more vital , to seek out innovations from users .
Manufacturers used to have to guess what their customers want , but the customers already know what they want , so it 's more efficient to have them design it .
The value of manufacturers is n't in cool designs but in economies of scale :
They produce high - quality objects cheaply or offer superb shopping and support experience .
I can't help but think there are limits to this .
Passionate amateurs can create an MP3 player or a synthesizer .
But what about a jet engine ?
Or a car ?
To pass regulatory tests , these products require expensive laboratory equipment , like wind tunnels for car shapes and airplane parts , or crash labs .
That can't be accomplished by a bunch of loosely connected designers surfing on their laptops in a Starbucks .
Yochai Benkler is n't so sure .
The Harvard professor and author of The Wealth of Networks predicts that smart commercial firms will share resources with open source communities .
" If you want to design a car in an open source way , maybe you 'll work with a corporation that has access to an expensive wind tunnel , " he says .
This sort of cooperation has become common for open source software .
IBM and Sun Microsystems pay staff members to contribute to Linux because it's in the companies ' interest to have the software grow more powerful , even if competitors benefit .
Consider the WRT54G wireless router made by Linksys .
It was released in 2002 as a simple $ 150 router for home use .
But hobbyists quickly discovered that its firmware — the software that determines the device 's abilities — was based on Linux and thus legally open source .
Within months , hackers had written new code that gave the device radically new features :
They boosted the antenna power , turned it into a signal repeater , and constructed self - healing neighborhood mesh networks .
Most of these capabilities are normally found only in devices that cost 10 times as much .
Suddenly , the WRT54G market expanded .
Based on the free work of amateurs , the router is now one of Linksys ' all - time best - selling products .
Mani Dhillon , director of product marketing for Linksys , says the hacking has boosted the router 's sales by opening up new uses .
" It 's a pretty strong and vocal community , " he says .
" We definitely credit a certain amount of the success to them . "
Still , while open source hardware may be exciting , it 's also confusing — even terrifying .
Pioneers in the field admit they have no idea how to make the jump from small boutique hardware to mass - market devices .
Banzi occasionally wonders whether he is simply being a fool by giving away some of his best work on the Arduino .
" If the Arduino chip gets bigger and better and more well known , someone in China will make it for 50 percent less .
That is clear , " Banzi says over dinner at a late - night Milanese restaurant famous for its coastal Italian cuisine .
He stabs at his enormous bowl of orecchiette and sips some red wine , half smiling , half wincing as he imagines his work being plundered by a cut -rate offshore outfit .
" I think there 's a fine line , " he says , sighing , " between open source and stupidity . "
It 's possible that open source hardware buffs will ultimately focus not on competing with the for - profit world but in filling niches otherwise ignored .
That 's what David Rowe did .
Rowe is an Australian engineer who founded and then sold an Internet telephone business .
He decided he wanted to help the developing world produce low - cost , high - quality telephone routers .
He wanted something that would allow a company to plug in cheap , old - fashioned analog phones and place calls on inexpensive voice - over - IP networks .
" It 's a huge need in Africa , but all the hardware that currently does this is , like , $ 2,000 a pop , " Rowe says .
" African companies can't afford that . "
He wanted to design a device many times cheaper than that , but no existing phone - router company was interested in servicing such a low - margin market .
Rowe did n't think he could do it alone , so he organized it as an open source project .
In 2005 , he found a cheap chip that managed voice and data , and he wrote software for it .
Sure enough , once he put the schematics online , word spread and interested hackers in Canada and Bulgaria began offering improvements .
Some optimized the software ; others figured out how to tweak the hardware to handle extra phone lines or how to collapse the box into a single super - powered phone line .
" We 'd get stuck on a problem , and I 'd hop on instant messenger and talk to the other guys and say , ' What 's going on here ? '
I discovered that the community can figure it out a lot more quickly than I can , " Rowe says .
So , last week Ayende made a new version of Rhino Mocks available , namely version 3.5 .
He made a post on what is new and shiny , but I would like to look at what the new AAA syntax has in store for us VB .
Net users .
And I want to tell you how it used to look and how it looks now .
This is the old version , works with Rhino mocks 3.4 .
Imports NUnit .
Framework Imports Rhino .
Mocks Namespace AnalysisManagement < TestFixture ( ) > _ < Category ( " ModelServices " ) > _ < Category ( " ModelServices.AnalysisManagement " ) >
_ Public Class TestDAOFill # Region " Private members " Private _Mocker As MockRepository Private _Factory As DataAccessLayer.AnalysisManagement .Crud.Factory .IDAOFactory Private _ Fill As ModelServices.AnalysisManagement .
Interfaces .IFill # End Region # Region " Setup " < SetUp ( ) > _ Public Sub Setup ( ) _ Mocker = New MockRepository ( ) _ Factory = _Mocker.DynamicMock( Of DataAccessLayer.AnalysisManagement.Crud.Factory.IDAOFactory ) ( ) _ MspFactory = _Mocker.DynamicMock( Of DataAccessLayer.MSP.Crud.Factory.IDAOFactory ) ( ) _ Fill = New ModelServices.AnalysisManagement .DAOFill( _Factory , _ MspFactory ) End Sub < TearDown ( ) > _ Public Sub TearDown ( ) _ Mocker.ReplayAll( ) < em>_Mocker.VerifyAll( )</em > End Sub # End Region # Region " Tests " < Test ( ) > _ Public Sub FindAllFiberFluorescenceColorN21s ( ) Dim _CrudIFiberFluorescenceColorN21
As DataAccessLayer .
AnalysisManagement .Crud.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 = _Mocker.DynamicMock( Of DataAccessLayer.AnalysisManagement.Crud.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) ( ) < em > Expect .
Call</em>( _Factory.CrudFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) .IgnoreArguments .Return(_CrudIFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) < em > Expect .
Call</em>( _CrudIFiberFluorescenceColorN21.FindAll ) .IgnoreArguments .Return( New List ( Of Model.AnalysisManagement.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) ) < em>_Mocker.ReplayAll( )</em > Dim _templist As IList ( Of Model.AnalysisManagement.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) = _ Fill.FindAllFiberFluorescenceColorN21s Assert.IsNotNull( _templist ) Assert.IsInstanceOfType(GetType(IList( Of Model.AnalysisManagement.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) ) , _templist ) End Sub # End Region End Class End Namespace
Ok , so we notice the use of _mocker and DynamicMock to create our Mock objects and then we set our expectations , then we do a replayall and execute the methods under test .
When the test is done the verifyall is executed which looks if our expectations are met .
Now we switch to Rhino mocks 3.5 and see that we get an error on Expect saying that the signature is not correct .
No worry this is because it is choosing the wrong Expect .
It is namely trying to use the extension method there .
Just add Rhino .
Mocks .
before the Expect and all is well again .
Look how the imports does n’t do the same thing .
And now on to the new .
Imports NUnit .
Framework Imports Rhino .
Mocks Namespace AnalysisManagement < TestFixture ( ) > _ < Category ( " ModelServices " ) > _ < Category ( " ModelServices.AnalysisManagement " ) >
_ Public Class TestDAOFill # Region " Private members " Private _Factory As DataAccessLayer.AnalysisManagement .Crud.Factory .IDAOFactory Private _ Fill As ModelServices.AnalysisManagement .
Interfaces .IFill # End Region # Region " Setup " < SetUp ( ) > _ Public Sub Setup ( ) _ Factory = <em>MockRepository .GenerateMock</em >( Of DataAccessLayer.AnalysisManagement.Crud.Factory .IDAOFactory ) ( ) _ MspFactory = <em>MockRepository .GenerateMock</em >( Of DataAccessLayer.MSP.Crud.Factory.IDAOFactory ) ( ) _ Fill = New ModelServices.AnalysisManagement .DAOFill( _Factory , _ MspFactory ) End Sub < TearDown ( ) > _ Public Sub TearDown ( ) End Sub # End Region # Region " Tests " < Test ( ) > _ Public Sub FindAllFiberFluorescenceColorN21s ( ) Dim _CrudIFiberFluorescenceColorN21
As DataAccessLayer.AnalysisManagement .Crud.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 = <em>MockRepository .GenerateMock</em >( Of DataAccessLayer.AnalysisManagement.Crud.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) ( ) _ CrudIFiberFluorescenceColorN21.<em > Stub</em >( Function(e ) e. FindAll ( ) ) .
Return ( New List ( Of Model.AnalysisManagement.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) ) _ Factory . < em > Stub</em >( Function(e ) e.CrudFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) .
Return( _CrudIFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) Dim _templist As IList ( Of Model.AnalysisManagement.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) = _ Fill.FindAllFiberFluorescenceColorN21s Assert.IsNotNull( _templist ) Assert.IsInstanceOfType(GetType(IList( Of Model.AnalysisManagement.Interfaces.IFiberFluorescenceColorN21 ) ) , _templist ) End Sub # End Region End Class End Namespace
Look at how the _mocker .
DynamicMock are replaced by MockRepository .
GenerateMock and how the _mocker object has disappeared all together .
The Expect .
Call ’s have been replaced with Object .
Stub methods .
And the ReplayAll and VerifyAll are now gone .
Overall , a bit simpler and more meaningful .
Here is another good article about the use of AAA and Rhino mocks but then in C# .
And it only goes to show that even the smartest and best people do n’t get it right the first time ;D .
Ayende asked to add this to his wiki and so I did http://ayende.com/wiki/Rhino+mocks+3.5+and+VB.Net+the+AAA+syntax.ashx
KMSP TV
September 2 , 2008
ST .
PAUL , Minn . – Originally meant to be “ peaceful , ” Monday protests took a turn for the violent when dozens of anarchists used street signs as weapons to smash windows in the downtown Macy ’s store , slash the tires of police squad cars , and surround and intimidate a cop , who had to use pepper spray to fend them off .
Police employed pepper spray during the smaller afternoon protests , in which five people were arrested .
When things got heated , police fired rubber bullets and tear gas .
Finally , police managed to corral a large group of anarchists , arresting 283 people for riot .
129 have been arrested for felonies , 51 for gross misdemeanors and 103 for misdemeanors as of 9:40 p.m. Monday .
St. Paul Police Department requested 150 Minnesota Army National Guard Soldiers to assist with crowd control in downtown Saint Paul as violence continues .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Newspaper editorial boards endorsing Sen. Barack Obama for president have highlighted his judgment and the tone of his campaign .
Below , see excerpts from recent endorsements .
Endorsements : Barack Obama |
...
John McCain was accused last night of sabotaging the Wall Street bail - out with theatrics that reduced America 's credit crisis to a showcase for his presidential leadership capabilities .
The furious words for the Republican candidate came after a contentious meeting at the White House between George Bush and congressional leaders scuppered an early deal on a $ 700 bn rescue package .
Both McCain and Barack Obama attended the meeting .
The extraordinary session had been called after McCain 's stunning announcement on Wednesday that he would suspend his campaign and would seek a delay in tonight 's presidential debate to try to personally help steer through a deal on the bail - out .
By midday yesterday , congressional leaders said they had reached the outlines of a deal .
But that optimism appeared to have dissipated after the White House meeting .
Democrats and Republicans said that prospects for a deal vanished after McCain had tried to prod his fellow Republicans in another direction .
The breakdown cast new uncertainty over Friday night 's presidential debate in Mississippi , as well as the future of the bail - out itself .
McCain told ABC television last night that members of Congress still had legitimate concerns about the bill .
But he added that he remained " hopeful " of a deal that would allow him to go ahead as planned with the debate .
Obama had said earlier he would attend the debate , and the University of Mississippi , which is hosting the event , said it intended to go ahead .
But both candidates planned to spend the night in Washington , where the last - minute uncertainty about the bail - out saw Democrats erupting in fury at McCain .
Democratic leaders accused the Republican of engineering the drama to distract from his recent dip in the polls .
" What this looked like to me was a rescue plan for John McCain , " Christopher Dodd , who heads the Senate 's banking committee , told CNN .
Obama also chided McCain .
" When you start injecting presidential politics into delicate negotiations you actually start creating more problems , " he said .
The attacks appeared to be a strategy to block McCain 's efforts to cast himself as above the political fray when it came to America 's credit crisis .
McCain has depicted the bail - out negotiations as a crisis requiring his personal attention .
" I'm an old navy pilot , and I know when a crisis calls for all hands on deck , " he said in a speech to the Clinton Global Initiative in New York , before travelling to Washington .
" As of this morning , I suspended my campaign .
With so much on the line , for America and the world , the debate that matters most right now is taking place in the United States Capitol - and I intend to join it . "
Obama continued to reject McCain 's argument that the gravity of America 's financial crisis should put the campaign on hold .
" Our election is in 40 days , " he said in his speech to the Clinton initiative , delivered from Florida where he was preparing for the debate .
" The American people deserve to hear directly from myself and Senator McCain about how we intend to lead our country .
The times are too serious to put our campaign on hold , or to ignore the full range of issues that the next president will face . "
However , McCain did not even arrive in Washington until after Democratic and Republican leaders announced they had the outlines of a rescue package .
He admitted as recently as Tuesday he had not taken the time to even read the plan , according to an NBC transcript distributed by the Obama camp .
But that did not stop the Republican from seizing the headlines for two days in a row .
McCain first wrong - footed Obama on Wednesday with his stunning announcement he would suspend his campaign and would not attend the debate .
Yesterday , he struck again , appropriating Obama 's conditions for the rescue deal - barely 24 hours after rejecting them .
The Democrat proposed the conditions in discussions with McCain on Wednesday about a joint statement on the crisis .
The Obama camp had called for an independent oversight board , a mechanism to protect taxpayers , a curb on outsized payments to Wall Street executives , and relief for homeowners faced with losing homes .
The proposed joint statement also rejected attaching other measures , or earmarks , to the bill .
In his speech yesterday McCain adopted near identical language - as well as the essence of four of the measures : an oversight board , protection for taxpayers , controls on Wall Street executives and a ban on earmarks ; he made no mention of relief for homeowners .
McCain 's urgency for reaching a deal comes after polls suggested the economic crisis was eroding Republican support .
Experience Kaiserwinkl
Buche ganz bequem von zuhause aus oder im Urlaub vor Ort - dein Erlebnis im Kaiserwinkl .
Auf der Seite Experience findest du alle Aktivitäten wie Rafting , Rad-Verleihe , geführte Wanderungen uvm .
Einfach das Erlebnis auswählen , gewünschten Termin suchen und buchen .
Somit kann einem erlebnisreichen Urlaub nichts mehr im Wege stehen .
Übrigens auch unser Kinder - Programm Kreative Sommerwerkstätte ist mit allen Aktivitäten buchbar !
This needs to be debunked again :
The New Talking Points , Washington Monthly :
For about a week now , Republicans have been looking for a way to blame the crisis on Wall Street on Democrats .
The search has n't gone well ...
But conservatives kept on trying .
In fact , the right seems to have finally come up with a new line : Democrats forced banks to give mortgages to low - income minorities , those low - income minorities could n't keep up with their mortgage payments , and the banks struggled as a result .
Voila !
Blame the Dems !
Fox News ' Neil Cavuto helped get the ball rolling .
Media Matters reported that Cavuto conflated giving home mortgages to minorities with risky lending practices ...
The National Review is on board with a similar line of thinking , blaming the Community Reinvestment Act for much of the crisis : " The CRA empowers the FDIC and other banking regulators to punish those banks which do not lend to the poor and minorities at the level that Obama 's fellow community organizers would like .
Among other things , mergers and acquisitions can be blocked if CRA inquisitors are not satisfied that their demands -- which are political demands -- have been met .
There is a name for loans made to people who do not have the credit , assets , income , or down payment to qualify for a normal mortgage : subprime . "
All of this seems rather silly on its face , but thankfully , Matt Yglesias went to the trouble of setting the record straight .
For one thing , the timeline is ludicrous .
The Community Reinvestment Act was passed in 1977 .
Are we supposed to believe that CRA was working smoothly throughout the Carter , Reagan , Bush I , and Clinton years and then only under Bush II did overzealous anti-" redlining " enforcement come into play , perhaps a result of Dubya 's legendarily close relationship with ACORN ?
Or maybe overzealous enforcement back in the late 1970s is somehow responsible for a real estate blowout that only materialized 30 years later ?
It does n't even come close to making sense .
Beyond that , the mere existence of " subprime " loans -- i.e. , mortgages given to less - creditworthy individuals at higher interest rates -- is n't the problem here .
The problems have to do with what was done with the loans after they were packaged , sold and used to make leveraged plays .
Sorry , conservatives , you 'll have to keep looking for a way to blame Democrats for this mess .
Good luck with that .
«
»
Python 2.6 was released yesterday , which has tons of cool new features including a new json library and a new multiprocessing library .
The json library is basically simplejson ( from a few months ago ) minus the Python 2.4/2.5 support and refactored to take advantage of the latest future - compatible features ( such as the new str.format method instead of using % format interpolation ) .
The only downside is that I was n't able to get the latest simplejson 2.0.1 performance enhancements into the first release of Python 2.6 , but expect them for Python 2.6.1 !
Do n't worry though , simplejson should install just fine with Python 2.6 if you need the speed .
If not , you do n't have any dependencies for JSON anymore , just change your imports :
# Use simplejson or Python 2.6 json , prefer simplejson .
try : import simplejson as json except ImportError : import json print repr( json.dumps ( {' key ' : ' serialize this !'} ) ) print repr( json.loads ( '{ " key " : " deserialize this ! " } ' ) )
One of my favorite features in json / simplejson is the shell command that will validate / pretty print JSON .
Great for debugging , and it will be sweet to have it available on every box with Python 2.6 +!
A really cool tip if you 're using Mac OS X is that you can access the string version of the pasteboard from the shell with pbpaste and pbcopy .
This will take the JSON from your pasteboard and replace it with a pretty - printed version !
If you 're using simplejson just change json.tool to simplejson.
tool .
I 'm sure this would be super handy in a text editor macro too :
$ pbpaste | python - mjson.tool | pbcopy
Mmm , pig belly meat .
Drew and Natalie Dee , the folks behind the comic Married to the Sea , identify the range of goodness on a swine , noting that the rich , juicy underside is not only good , it 's real good .
Related
Pig Butchering Guide
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
There are two sides bleeding and too many dead in what is hopefully the aftermath of a weekend war in the Caucasus .
And right on cue , the prime opinion space for the American mind is being occupied this Monday morning by a propagandist for perpetual war .
“ Will Russia get away with it ? ” asks the beaming columnist for the New York Times , his smile winking at you as if no way he could be talking up death and disaster .
On one side of the world , writes the propagandist , you have “ the United States and its democratic allies . ”
On the other side , you ’ll find “ dictatorial and aggressive and fanatical regimes ” who “ seem happy to work together to weaken the influence of the United States and its democratic allies . ”
“ The United States , of course , is not without resources and allies to deal with these problems and threats , ” hints the propagandist .
“ But at times we seem oddly timid and uncertain . ”
Which brings us around to his winking question again : “ Will we let Russia get away with it ? ”
But what if we paraphrase a famous movie hero and remind the propagandist that aggressive is as aggressive does .
Then , we may ask , which side of the propagandist ’s world last Thursday picked up its guns and blasted a path through the Caucasus Mountains to the city of Tskhinvali , killing as many local militia as possible and quite a few others who somehow got in the way ?
Was it the enemies of the US and its allies who did this thing ?
Was it the Russians ?
Who was it who sent 30,000 refugees fleeing northward for their lives , some of whom stayed North just long enough to catch their breaths before heading South again to fight for their homeland ?
Maybe the propagandist means to ask if we will let Russia get away with letting so many refugees flee into its country so quickly ?
I mean , by comparison , how does that make the US immigration police look in the eyes of the world ?
As it turns out , the Russians were not only watching , but waiting , says Michel Chossudovsky of the Centre for Global Research .
“ The Russian response , ” he writes , “ was entirely predictable . ”
Against the predominantly Georgian military ( who were at least accompanied by Israeli advisors , and very likely other nationalities , too , although the New York Times was good enough to minimize embarrassing gossip of American involvement over the weekend ) the Russians let go an onslaught of tanks , driving the Georgian coalition backward as quickly as they had arrived .
Does the propagandist mean to ask whether we will let the Russians get away with that tank attack ?
It ’s a curious question , because it seems to accept the premise that “ the United States and its democratic allies ” should certainly be allowed to get away with marching on Tskhinvali next time , only without anyone else “ happy to work together ” against it .
The Russians did go farther than just pushing back the Georgian coalition .
Their leaders exercised a right to “ retaliation ” which is a little broader than a right to “ protect and defend . ”
It would be better if we lived in a world where nobody was allowed to “ retaliate . ”
But I live in Texas , and the movement against retaliation is n’t going to start here , so maybe the propagandist thinks it should begin in Georgia ?
We can see plainly that it wo n’t begin at the New York Times .
In the end , I wonder if the propagandist has read any Jung lately , because he seems to have a very immature conception of himself , completely unable to recognize that he has become his own shadow : “ dictatorial and aggressive and fanatical . ”
But in this regard he serves his social function perfectly as a perfect reflection of the mind of New York Times readers everywhere .
Well , not to be too harsh , there is some helpful reporting that slips through the teeth at the Times .
On Monday morning we can also read how that wearily retreating Georgia coalition was expressing bitter disappointment that more of the US and its allies were not there when , apparently , they had been expected to show up .
After the traumatized soldiers from the Georgia coalition get home and have a little more time to think about what they have lost forever , they may wish to take up the question of the propagandist , who knows ?
Make it their life ’s work , for pay .
Or they may do what many young men have done among the US and its allies , that is , start a local chapter of veterans against war .
Buckingham Palace butler 'ran paedophile sex ring while working for the Royal Family '
A former Buckingham Palace butler has been unmasked as a sexual predator who ran a paedophile ring while serving the Royal Family .
Bachelor Paul Kidd , 55 , groomed at least one of his teenage victims for sex by taking him for tea with the Queen Mother at Clarence House , it has emerged .
To the public , he had been the urbane gent who waited on the Royals for nine years - first the Queen at the Palace and then her mother .
He often publicly gushed about his blue blood employers talking of the Queen as ' courteous and genuinely caring . '
Former Royal butler Paul Kidd has admitted 29 sex charges involving three boys
But behind the facade , Kidd was leading a secret double life as a serial child abuser who molested a string of boys over a 30 year period .
He was finally exposed after one of his victims read a newspaper article in which he boasted about his links to the Royals and talked fondly of Princess Diana and her musical tastes .
Police raided his two bedroom home in St Johns Street , Stalybridge , where they found almost 19,000 pornographic pictures and videos of children .
Included in the haul were some nude pictures of a teenager who officers were able to trace and interview .
Some images were hidden in a safe while others were encrypted on his computer .
Kidd admitted 29 sex charges involving three boys namely indecent assault , sexual activity with a child and the possessing and making of indecent images of children between December 1974 and January 2008 .
An accomplice David Hobday , 56 , of St Johns Street , Dukinfield admitted seven charges involving one of the victims of sexual activity with a child and possessing indecent images .
Both men face a maximum 14 years in jail .
A police source said : ' Kidd was a very accomplished groomer of children .
Kidd has been remanded in custody and faces 14 years in jail if convicted
' Given that he has been behaving like this for 30 years the likelihood is there could be many other victims out there who have not yet come forward .
' This man used his Royal connections to impress and seduce young boys .
He even had autographed pictures of Manchester United players on his walls at home .
' He was acting with at least one other man and it 's possible he could have been communicating with many other paedophiles over many years .
' These offences are probably just the tip of the iceberg . '
Kidd had honed his skills as a silver service waiter when he joined the Royal Navy after leaving school - looking after the captain and officers .
During his naval service he visited 22 countries around the world .
In 1976 he was appointed as butler to the Queen at Buckingham Palace and served there for six years until being transferred to Clarence House where he served the Queen Mother .
During his years in Royal service , he was said to have met and looked after three American Presidents including Jimmy Carter and Ronald Regan plus many other Heads of State from around the world .
He was also said to have worked closely with Princess Diana at Buckingham Palace in the six months prior to her wedding to Prince Charles .
In 1985 he gave up Royal Service due to a cancer scare but then started charging up to £ 4,000 a time as an after dinner speaker talking about his work with the Royal Family .
He ran a series of lectures including one he called :
An uncomfortable experience for the Queens page boy .
Kidd also starred on numerous TV chat shows in the UK and USA including the Caroline Rhea show in New York .
He also appeared on stage with Hollywood actor Robin Williams at the Nemacolin Spa & Resort Centre in the USA .
He joined Robert Kilroy Silk 's UK Independence party standing unsuccessfully as a candidate in local council elections .
In one interview Kidd said of the Queen : ' She was always very courteous , but she only ever addressed me as ' Kidd ' - never by my first name .
' She deals with people in a genuinely caring manner .
Her children are the future of the country , they can not be brought up in a namby - pamby manner .
' But in private , as a mother and grandmother , she dotes on the children . '
Police began investigating Kidd earlier this year after a victim , now 41 read a newspaper article about Kidd in which he talked about Princess Diana on the 10th anniversary of her death .
The victim was thought to be so disgusted by his bragging , he went to police and told officers how he was 14 when he was abused by Kidd after meeting him through a CB radio group .
Kidd introduced the lad to his Royal employers and took him for tea with the Queen Mother in the late 70s .
It is believed the victim even spoke to the Queen Mother - at a time when the late Royal had no idea he was being secretly abused by her servant .
It emerged he had met Kidd though a religious group when he was 14 and he was sexually accused and passed onto another paedophile .
A third victim later came forward to say he was abused in the 1980s when he was 15 after meeting him when Kidd was training to be a nurse .
At Minshull Street Crown Court , Manchester , Kidd and Hobday were told they would be sentenced on November 20 after probation officers complete a report assessing whether they are a risk to the public .
Various other charges will be allowed to lie on file .
Both were remanded in custody and Judge Mushtaq Khokhar told them :
' You have both pleaded guilty to serious offences and you will be under no illusion that the likely sentence is going to be custody . '
The Saindis were first housed in a three bedroom property in Enfield .
Four years later they moved to a five - bedroom house in Ealing and three months ago were placed at their current address which they are entitled to have by law given the size of their family .
Climate change sceptics such as Nigel Lawson who argue that global warming has stopped have their " heads in the sand " , according to the Met Office .
A recent dip in global temperatures is down to natural changes in weather systems , a new analysis shows , and does not alter the long - term warming trend .
The office says average temperatures have continued to rise in the last decade , and that humans are to blame .
In a statement published on its website , it says : " Anyone who thinks global warming has stopped has their head in the sand .
The evidence is clear , the long - term trend in global temperatures is rising , and humans are largely responsible for this rise .
Global warming does not mean that each year will be warmer than the last . "
The new research confirms that the world has cooled slightly since 2005 , but says this is down to a weather phenomena called La Niña , when cold water rises to the surface of the Pacific Ocean .
Despite this effect , the office says , 11 of the last 13 years were the warmest ever recorded .
Vicky Pope , of the Met Office , said the research was a response to claims made by Lawson , a former chancellor , and others that the recent cooling showed fears of climate change were overblown , and temperatures were unlikely to rise as high as predicted .
She said : " It has confused people .
We got a lot of emails asking whether global warming had stopped and it prompted us to look at the data again . "
The apparent cooling trend was exaggerated by a record high in 1998 caused by a separate weather event , El Niño , she said .
" You could look at what happened in 1998 and say that global warming accelerated , and that 's not true either . "
If it is true Wall Street favors Republicans , which is the traditional analysis , then here is a reason for share prices to be falling .
John McCain might not carry Texas .
How could that be ?
Evidently a Texas law requires a political party , in order be on the ballot , to file the names of its presidential and vice presidential candidates at least 70 days before the election .
This year , that fell on Aug. 26 , before either Senator McCain or Senator Barack Obama was formally nominated .
Bob Barr , the Libertarian candidate , is demanding that the law be enforced , and that neither major candidate be allowed on the ballot .
He did file on time .
I am confident that the two parties will find a way around this problem , and that Texans will be able to vote for either major candidate .
The polls show Senator McCain well ahead in Texas .
But what would happen if Mr. Barr prevailed ?
It is very hard to see how Senator McCain could get 270 electoral votes without getting the 34 from Texas .
So that would mean that if Senator Obama did not get that many , the election could be thrown into the House of Representatives , where each state delegation would have one vote .
By my count , the Democrats now control 26 state delegations to 22 for the Republicans , with two ties , in Arizona and Kansas .
There would be arguments that state delegations should vote for the man who carried their state , regardless of party affiliation .
There would be arguments that the national popular vote should prevail .
There could be lots of litigation .
Could we end up with a messier election than we had in 2000 ?
Would the Supreme Court again get to pick the man who will pick the court ’s members ?
Would all this thoroughly alarm foreign investors , whose sales could damage stock and bond prices while the fight was on ?
No , it wo n’t happen .
At least we can hope it wo n’t .
Addendum :
My colleague Pat Lyons suggests I failed to consider one possibility , which is that the Texas winner , perhaps Mr. Barr , would seek to cut a deal before the electoral college met to give his electoral votes , and the victory , to one of the candidates .
( He ’s not sure if that would be legal under Texas law .
Anyone know ? )
Why no principled conservative would seriously contend that Palin belongs on the ticket
After all the post - debate chatter about Sarah Palin ’s resurrection ( I bet a lot of folks were saying “ Jesus ” during her performance ) and about her potential 2012 presidential candidacy ( paging Mitt Romney & Co. ) , the real story of last week ’s encounter was that the true elitists were revealed .
The McCain campaign has affixed that label to Barack Obama for months , and he has helped the cause with his inartful San Francisco comments ( now who ’s bitter ? ) and his support from traditional elitist constituencies , especially those Hollywood do - gooders .
But on Thursday evening , as Palin gosh - darned and doggoned her way to an alternately vacuous and evasive performance , it became clear that the Republicans ’ last , desperate hope this cycle is that the American people are morons .
Let me expound :
The thesis of Palin ’s act Thursday was that if she smiled , called Joe Biden by his first name and stuck to talking about the only two winning issues left for the GOP ( taxes and energy ) no matter what the question was , an increasingly skeptical public would buy it .
Victory in St. Louis was measured in one simple metric by the GOP :
If Palin does n’t kill us with her ignorance , we will live on , still on life - support but at least breathing .
She could have ended the campaign Thursday ; she did not .
( One of the reasons for her nondestructive performance was the restrictive format — no wonder the McCain campaign fought so hard for it — that did not allow for real debate and reduced moderator Gwen Ifill to a handcuffed interlocutor . )
The McCain folks counted on middle America , supposedly enthralled with Palin ’s explosion on the scene in St. Paul , Minn .
( “ I ’ve only been at this five weeks , ” she exclaimed with revealing pride Thursday ) , to reconnect with the poor , battered victim of the media elites if she would only smile and seem , well , so real .
Gosh , it sure made sense at the time .
But with post - debate polls showing that most people , including undecided voters , thought Biden cleaned her clock , the miscalculation is clear .
I think voters in Peoria or Wasilla or Ely love seeing a politician who seems like someone who lives down the street .
But do they really want their neighbor sitting the proverbial heartbeat away , poised to take over the most important job in the world ?
I hope not .
Sometimes first impressions do n’t last ; they change with experience .
The more you get to know Sarah Palin , the more the mythology evaporates — as quickly as her support for the Bridge to Nowhere did in this campaign .
Palin proved Thursday she is a cross between an Ira Levin character — no , not “ Rosemary ’s Baby ” or one of the “ Boys from Brazil , ” although some might make those cases — and a Coen Brothers creation .
Sarah Palin is a true Stepford candidate , a cyborg that will say whatever the men in McCain ’s campaign want her to say .
And she is almost like Margie in “ Fargo , ” her accent belying not a piercing mind of Holmes - like prowess but a skillful actress of Frances McDormand quality .
It is a measure of the continued dumbing - down of politics that Biden was criticized in some quarters for having too many facts or being too abstruse ( Who is Dick Lugar anyhow ? ) and Palin was lauded for flawlessly disgorging her programming with a smile , plainspeak and even a wink .
Governor , we are in on the joke ; the wink was unnecessary .
And it is laughable :
No principled conservative or McCain supporter would seriously argue that Palin is qualified for the job the GOP nominee picked her to apply for with the electorate .
And that ’s the overarching point , whether you are an Obamaite , a McCainiac or undecided .
Even if you believe McCain is at heart a true maverick who loves his country , Sarah Palin ’s being on that St. Louis stage is about the Arizona senator ’s judgment — a man running a “ Country First ” campaign who so clearly , so incontrovertibly put politics first in choosing a person he hardly knew to be a potential president of the United States .
As Palin might ask him , “ Doggone it , Senator , what were you thinking ? ”
Despite all of the anticipation and dissection , the debate did not fundamentally alter the dynamic or the electoral map , which has been moving steadily toward Obama .
So that means McCain has little choice in the next two debates and in his campaign but to try to change the subject back to Obama from the economy .
He must portray the Illinois senator as a callow man with a murky past — Muslim ?
Terrorist ?
Or worse , taxer and spender ?
With Palin now a nonissue ( presumably ) and only the most benighted Americans left to condescend to , it ’s all the GOP elitists have .
A reader sent this to me :
From Best O’ The Web
And with all the talk about lipstick on pigs , I ca n’t help but think of this image ( not that I would ever think any politician is a pig — it ’s just a figure of speech ) :
I ’ve been wondering for a while about when user interfaces are really going to move out of their mostly Euclidean worldview , giving us something more like this :
( click on the image to pop up a video in a new window … at least until I can figure out why WordPress is n’t letting me properly embed a Vimeo video ) .
The reason why I think an interface like this can be superior in many ways is that it allows you to specify an area of interest where you get full , detailed information yet you can still see the full document / page / object at the same time .
Which means that one is able to avoid the zoom ( in / out ) - scroll - zoom ( in / out ) - scroll paradigm that you often get stuck in when using , for example , the iphone .
In many ways it gives the user an analogue to the way peripheral vision works in the ‘ real world ’ .
You have an area of interest that you can focus on but then you ’re also aware of the surroundings and glean information from that as well .
( The mockup I did above just shows a single point - of - interest but it ’s certainly expandable to multiple points if you ’ve got a touchscreen or other such device .
And there ’s all sort of little refinements you ’d want to implement if you really wanted to make it swank – drag&drop from one place to another might want to keep the source area zoomed but also follow the dragged object with a zoom - region until you get to the appropriate destination .
This all gets even sexier once eye - tracking becomes more available – the area you ’re looking at would bubble up to full resolution but you ’d still be able to quickly scan the entire page and re-target the area of interest .
Somebody get busy on this , okay ? )
Of course it ’s not like nobody ’s started down this road – there ’s plenty of what I ’d consider ‘ minor ’ examples , including an optional behavior under OSX for the ‘ Dock ’ application launcher .
( Although that particular implementation is done primarily to make the target icon easier to find rather than to add information in the enlarged area ) .
But the general concept of having an adaptive interface that is smart about where it shows you more detail is really only in its infancy .
Following the same thoughts in a slightly different direction , I ’m wondering if anybody has done a video game yet where this sort of rendering is implemented ?
In such a scenario we ’d have the bulk of the image presented in the normal fashion but as you get nearer to the edge of the screen you ’d have a much larger field - of - view ( like , out to 180degrees ) compressed into a relatively small space .
Yes , you would n’t be able to see a whole lot of detail about what exactly is going on to your extreme right or left , but you would be able to see / sense any anomalous motion along the borders … exactly the same sort of thing your peripheral vision provides you .
Take a look at these examples :
For this first one we ’ve got a normal rendering of the scene .
Looks safe enough out there .
Relax .
Now consider the same setting where we ’re rendering with peripheral vision implemented .
See the guy on the left - hand side ?
The one with the BIG GIANT GUN who ’s getting ready to SHOOT YOU IN THE FACE …
( Click here to see a video comparison of what these look like in action ) .
[ UPDATE , OCT 17 .
VIMEO has some silly policy about not allowing ‘ Video Game Footage ’ on their site , so they just tookdown the videos .
So this now links over to a slightly lower - rez version on Flickr . ]
Clearly our survival as a species has relied on exactly this sort of wider field - of - view awareness of our surroundings and having a game provide the same feeling ( at least until we get to the point where fully immersive displays are common ) would seem to be a compelling feature .
Jeanne Sahadi
CNNMoney
October 3 , 2008
After two weeks of contentious and often emotional debate , the federal government ’s far - reaching and historic plan to bail out the nation ’s financial system was on the verge of enactment Friday afternoon .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
President Bush , speaking less than an hour after the House voted 263 to 171 to pass the bill , is expected to sign it later Friday .
“ By coming together on this legislation , we have acted boldly to prevent the crisis on Wall Street from becoming a crisis in communities across our country , ” said Bush .
The House vote followed a strong lobbying push by the White House and other supporters of the bill , following the House defeat of a similar measure on Monday – a defeat that shocked the markets and congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle .
The legislation , which would allow the Treasury Secretary to purchase as much as $ 700 billion in troubled assets in a bid to kick - start lending , would usher in one of the most far - reaching interventions in the economy since the Great Depression .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
It ’s 2020 .
Pretty much NOTHING is going as planned this year .
But that does n’t mean we can’t turn this trend around -- and make a plan to VOTE THE WAY YOU WANT TO THIS YEAR !
Vote with popcorn on your kitchen table .
Vote early if your state allows .
Vote in a hammock by mail .
Vote in - person on November 3rd with a facemask .
And get the kids in your life involved !
“ Be a voter , raise a voter ” is a motto so many of you have brought to life !
Have kids join in as you do your civic duty no matter how ...
Are you as excited about Who's Nailin ' Paylin ? as we are ?
I hope so .
With Lisa Ann as the countries hottest governor , Nina Hartley as Hillary Clinton , Jada Fire as Condoleezza Rice , and Sindee Jennings as the " Young Paylin " what 's there not to like ?
So if you can't wait to see these babes get their rocks off on camera , here is the script to satiate your degenerate mind .
Jupiter and its moons prepare nuclear winters for Earth
Inexplicable phenomena take place on Jupiter , the largest planet of the solar system .
The gas giant has been quiet for hundreds of years .
However , two new red spots have been formed in its atmosphere over the recent three years .
Each spot is five or ten times bigger than the Earth .
Jupiter and its moons prepare nuclear winters for Earth
Mysterious phenomena take place on one of its largest moons , Europa , too .
Its ice - heavy poles shifted 90 degrees and changed their places with the equator in May of the current year .
In photos : Jupiter , the vacuum cleaner of the Solar System
Jupiter is the only planet in the solar system which has the thermonuclear reaction happening in its depths .
This process of the planet is similar to that of stars , although Jupiter produces a lot less energy as a result of the process .
Needless to say that the solar system may suffer a tremendous explosion in the event something goes wrong inside its biggest planet .
The blast wave will reach Earth and destroy every living organism on it .
The Jupiter disaster develops according to the scenario described in Arthur Clarke ’s Space Odyssey epic .
In Clarke ’s novels , Jupiter becomes a star as a result of a thermonuclear reaction , which triggers the development of life on its moon , Europa .
In addition to that , St. Petersburg - based scientist Eduard Drobyshevsky said that the planet ’s another giant moon , Callisto , may experience drastic changes too .
The ice shell of the moon may explode , the scientist believes .
Gigantic pieces of the ice shell will fall down on Earth , exterminating all forms of life .
Scientists say that massive ice shells of other moon - like natural satellites of giant planets ( Saturn and Jupiter ) have exploded before .
Many short - period comets were formed as a result of such explosions .
“ Imagine this .
Our Moon is enveloped in ice , the thickness of which is 800 kilometers .
This is what a typical massive natural satellite like Jupiter ’s Callisto looks like .
It is dirty ice , which conducts electric current because all of this moves in the magnetic field , in the magnetosphere of a giant planet .
Ice is a very good conductor , especially if it is dirty .
Electrolysis of ice occurs as a result , ” Drobyshevsky told RIA Novosti .
Drobyshevsky said that one of such ice explosions took place about 10,000 years ago , when the ice shell of Saturn ’s moon – Titan – exploded .
The explosion resulted in the creation of Titan ’s atmosphere , Saturn ’s ice rings and several short - period comets .
Jupiter ’s satellite , Callisto , has the oldest ice shell among all natural satellites of all planets of the solar system .
The shell has not exploded before and can thus be saturated with hydrogen and oxygen – the products of ice electrolysis .
Consequences of their detonation can be fatal for planet Earth .
“ Callisto is a lot closer than Titan .
The explosion of its shell will lead to nuclear winters on Earth .
It will be a horrible disaster for the biosphere , ” Drobyshevsky said .
Blogs , social networks , alternative news to be filtered out
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Wednesday , October 15 , 2008
Both individual proposals to roll out free nationwide wi-fi Internet access across the United States contain language indicating that political websites deemed “ offensive ” will be filtered out and blocked .
The implementation of a universal wi-fi network covering the entire country is moving closer following the approval of House Representatives Anna Eshoo and Edward Markey after it was discovered the network would not interfere with incumbent wireless telcos such as AT&T and Verizon , who had raised concerns over potential signal interference .
Two competing parties , M2Z Networks and the FCC , are jockeying for the rights to roll out the network , but both have already stated their intent to install filters that block out pornography and anything else deemed “ harmful ” .
According to a Daily Tech report , “ Both proposals stipulate that any free wireless offerings have mandatory content filters , preventing users from viewing any material that “ would be harmful to teens and adolescents , ” including pornography and anything “ contemporary community standards ” deem as obscene .
Free - speech advocates call this condition unconstitutional . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
As we have previously reported , similar free wi-fi networks on smaller scales include mandatory content filters that screen out even mildly political websites that are not part of the corporate establishment media .
London ’s St. Pancras International free wi-fi network blocks a barrage of alternative political websites , as we found out earlier this year when our own sites were inaccessible on the network .
“ If you follow the logic of the rule , the network would have to block the news because a great deal of it discusses disturbing events or depicts these events through photographs and video clips , ” reports ABC News , adding that blogs , social networks and any other user generated content would be excluded entirely from the network .
“ If the FCC insists on tying the creation of a free nationwide broadband wireless network to government mandated censorship , the constitutionality of the plan will surely be challenged in court and will be struck down , ” states the report .
However , if the rollout of a nationwide network is privatized then what is to stop the company from installing filters that censor political websites ?
This is already the case in major transport hubs across the west as free speech and anything that goes against the establishment grain is classified as “ hateful ” and is banned .
This article was posted : Wednesday , October 15 , 2008 at 5:06 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Nadya Fouad , vocational psychologist and UWM Distinguished Professor , is an author of a new study on what steers girls toward or away from math and science during their education .
Credit : Alan Magayne - Roshak , UWM
Most parents and many teachers believe that if middle - school and high - school girls show no interest in science or math , there 's little anyone can do about it .
New research by a team that includes vocational psychologists at the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee ( UWM ) indicates that the self - confidence instilled by parents and teachers is more important for young girls learning math and science than their initial interest .
While interest is certainly a factor in getting older girls to study and pursue a career in these disciplines , more attention should be given to building confidence in their abilities early in their education , says UWM Distinguished Professor Nadya Fouad .
She is one of the authors of a three - year study aimed at identifying supports and barriers that steer girls toward or away from science and math during their education .
" The relationship between confidence and interest is close , " says Fouad .
" If they feel they can do it , it feeds their interest . "
It 's a high - priority question for members of organizations like the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) and the National Research Council as they ponder how to reverse the rapidly declining numbers of women in STEM careers – science , technology , engineering and math .
Many young students , particularly girls , see math and science as difficult , and do n't take any more classes than they have to , not realizing they are cutting themselves off from lucrative opportunities in college and careers .
The NSF - funded study – the most highly detailed study on this topic – dug deeply to identify the specific factors that would stoke interest .
" For the last 20 years , there has been all this work done on boosting interest of girls early on .
But I do n't think that 's it , " says Fouad , whose research has found evidence that confidence levels in math - and science - related tasks are lower for girls than for boys .
Complexity
The study tracked girls and boys in middle school , high school and their sophomore year in college in both Milwaukee and Phoenix , with the main goal of pinpointing when the barriers for girls appear and how influential they are .
Co-authors include Phil Smith , UWM emeritus professor of educational psychology , and Gail Hackett , Provost at the University of Missouri–Kansas City .
Self - efficacy is not the only important factor for girls , the study uncovered .
Results point to a complicated issue , says Fouad .
For one thing , math and science cannot be lumped together when designing interventions because the barriers and supports for each discipline are not the same .
" There were also differences at each developmental level and differences between the genders , " she says .
That means interventions would need to be tailored for each specific subgroup .
Overall , however , parent support and expectations emerged as the top support in both subjects and genders for middle - and high - school students .
Also powerful for younger girls were engaging teachers and positive experiences with them .
The study confirmed that old stereotypes die slowly .
Both boys and girls perceived that teachers thought boys were stronger at math and science .
For boys this represented a support , while for girls it acted as a barrier .
Top barriers for all age groups and disciplines were test anxiety and subject difficulty .
But these differed between boys and girls .
In addition , the genders formed their perceptions of math or science based on the barriers and supports , but they often arrived at different views .
Ultimately , it 's perception , more than reality , that affects the person 's academic and career choices , says Fouad .
Scholarly clout
That 's the take - away message from her more than two decades of work .
A fourth - generation college professor , Fouad studies cross-cultural vocational assessment , career development of women and minorities , and factors motivating people to choose certain careers .
She and Smith were among the first teams of researchers to empirically support a model that identified the prominent role that self - confidence and outcome expectations play in predicting career interests .
The next step in the NSF study on girls , and math and science is to examine the relationship between barriers and supports , and then to widen the view to include women who are not working in those fields despite having an educational background in math or science .
Fouad received funding from UWM on this project and has just received a half - million - dollar grant to focus on women in engineering .
Nationally , 20 percent of graduates with degrees in engineering are women , she says , but only 11 percent of engineers are women .
Her inquiry will explore the reason for the gap .
Source : University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee
Explore further UWM study explores why women leave engineering careers
Are you looking for ways to make your website more appealing ?
Do you wonder what it will take to generate more leads for your site ?
The layout of your homepage plays a huge factor in your website ’s success .
In fact , many companies inhibit their own success by making a few critical errors on their homepage .
If you can avoid these homepage design mistakes , then you ’ll entice your site visitors and get them intrigued enough to learn more .
Be sure to read below for several key mistakes to avoid when you ’re constructing your homepage .
If your homepage currently has them , then make sure to correct them ASAP .
1. Not Making It Mobile - Friendly
Did you know that , for the first time in the history of the internet , more people are using the internet via their smartphones more than on any other device ?
That includes desktops and tablets .
Needless to say , you want to make sure your website is optimized to fit their smartphone ’s screen .
Otherwise , they will probably click the “ back ” button on their browser and never return to your site ( or brand ) again .
Harsh , but true .
Put yourself in their shoes .
You find a company that you ’re intrigued by , so you visit their website with your smartphone to learn more about how they can help you solve your biggest pain points .
But then , when you get to their site , you see a website that ’s hard to navigate because it does n’t format to your phone ’s screen .
After a few painful minutes of zooming in and out , trying to find the answer you ’re looking for , you back out due to frustration .
If your website is n’t currently mobile - friendly , hire a website design expert to do so .
It can help you see better returns .
2. Playing Videos With Automatic Sound
Have you ever had one of those moments where you ’re searching a few websites , then you suddenly hear the blaring noise of an advertisement ?
Odds are , your immediate reaction was to exit from the site , not listen to what the video had to say .
Putting videos on your homepage is a tremendous idea .
It ’s engaging content that creates an innovative and exciting tone for your brand .
Photos and videos are always a great thing to include .
However , you should let the site visitor turn on the video ’s volume on their own time .
Often times , site visitors might be browsing your website while killing time at work , waiting in the line at the DMV , and so on .
Your homepage ’s video with automatic sound is n’t doing anything but providing embarrassing moments for your clients .
3. Not Having Call to Actions
Who said you had to wait for your blog articles to input a call to action in your website ’s content ?
Most site visitors wo n’t get that far .
Believe it or not , your site visitors want you to tell them what to do .
The way they see it , they ’re coming to your website with a pain point that only your brand can solve .
The next steps you provide them will make it easier to navigate your website .
Make no mistake about it , not every customer that comes across your homepage is ready to purchase your product / service on the spot .
However , that call to action can be what generates interest .
One of the biggest web design secrets that designers do n’t want you to know is that your site ’s beauty is n’t the most important aspect .
Content drives results , not pretty graphics and color schemes ( although , those do help ! ) .
The success of your website starts with the call to actions on your homepage .
Direct them to your blog , news articles , product pages , email subscription form , or anywhere else to push them further along the marketing lifecycle for your brand .
4. Slow Homepage
Odds are that you ’ve had several occurrences where you went to visit a company ’s website and had to wait 10 seconds or longer for the homepage to download .
Slow homepages are sales conversion killers .
Many site visitors will back out of your website before it downloads .
Even worse , they ’ll opt for your competitor ’s site instead .
There are many reasons why a website is slow .
You could be using unoptimized images on your site , have too many ads , or use too much flash content .
Be sure to visit your site every once and a while to make sure the homepage downloads quickly .
If you notice any complications , be sure to troubleshoot the problem until it ’s resolved .
5. Not Using High - Quality Images
Possibly the most overlooked aspect of a website is the use of images .
Too many companies overlook the pictures they use , opting for images of poor quality .
However , images play a huge role in your website ’s success .
Google considers them highly , only pointing their site users to sites with high - quality photos .
If you use images with a low resolution , you ’ve already rid yourself of the benefits of SEO .
Second , the images play a part in the speed of your website .
If their unoptimized ( require too much download data ) then they will dramatically slow down your site and deter a lot of your customers in the process .
Be sure to start using high - quality , optimized photos from this day forward .
If you need access to a bigger library of photos , try using free stock photo sites like Unsplash or Pixabay .
Avoid These Homepage Design Mistakes at All Costs
Now that you have seen several homepage design mistakes to avoid , it ’s time that you prioritize them with your website ’s home page .
Be sure to take the time and audit your entire website , starting with the homepage .
Use call to actions everywhere , include photos and videos wherever relevant , and give your site users a site that ’s easy to navigate .
Make sure to browse our website for more articles on web design tricks , as well as many other important topics .
People do n't like showing up in Google Street View .
Nobody wants their face to show up on Google Maps when they were just minding their own business buying home pregnancy tests , hemorrhoid cream and slim - fit condoms .
Well , this new " Face Swapper " software found on Boing Boing automatically switches out features on peoples faces with features from photos in its database , creating horrifying cross - gender hybrids .
Face swapping software finds faces in a photograph and swaps the features in the target face from a library of faces .
This can be used to " de- identify " faces that appear in public , such as the faces of people caught by the cameras of Google Street View .
So instead of simply blurring the face , the software can substitute random features taken from say Flickr 's pool of faces .
A mouth here , an eye there .
Advertisement
Interesting .
Who knows if Google will ever implement anything like this , but if they do , Street Maps will make every city look like it 's populated by girls with gross facial hair and unsettling boy - women .
[ Kevin Kelly via Boing Boing ]
Worth the wait — Steven Stamkos waited eight games for his first NHL goal .
A few more minutes was n't going to matter .
The No. 1 pick in the NHL Entry Draft last June finally got his first NHL point , an assist , in Tampa Bay 's 3 - 2 win at Toronto on Tuesday .
Two nights later , he deflected Vincent Lecavalier 's shot into the net 9:51 into the Lightning 's game at Buffalo for his first NHL goal — though he had to wait until the end of the first period to get credit for it .
During the first intermission , the officials took the goal away from Lecavalier and credited it to Stamkos .
" I knew it hit my stick right from the beginning , and Vinny knew that too , so it was just a matter of them correcting it , " Stamkos said .
" I had some butterflies when they announced Vinny as the goal scorer , but he told the ref that I tipped it in .
It was obviously a great feeling when they corrected it . "
Lecavalier even made sure the 18 - year - old center got the correct puck to commemorate the occasion .
' ' I went over right away and told them , '' Lecavalier said .
'' It 's a relief getting your first goal .
He played an unbelievable game tonight . "
With the pressure of getting goal No. 1 gone , Stamkos added another goal and an assist in Tampa Bay 's 5 - 2 win over the Sabres .
The second goal came 15 minutes into the second period on a slap shot from the top of the right circle that beat goaltender Ryan Miller .
" Everybody loves the kid and they know what he had been going through , " Lightning coach Barry Melrose said of Stamkos .
" They really rallied around the guy . "
Sidney Crosby knows he left the Penguins ' 4 - 1 loss to Phoenix in the third period with an injury .
What he does n't know is how he got hurt .
" Honestly , I do n't even know what happened , " said Crosby , who sat and watched the third period .
" I have to look at the tape .
I have n't seen anything yet . "
What happened to Crosby is unclear .
Television replays showed Crosby skate to the Penguins bench , sit down with a grimace and try to collect himself .
Per team policy , the Penguins did not disclose details of Crosby 's injury .
Neither did Crosby .
" I had some discomfort , " he said .
" I decided that in the third period , it did n't seem like I could do much . "
With or without Crosby , the Penguins are n't doing much offensively .
They had only 11 shots on goal in a 2 - 1 loss at San Jose on Tuesday , then managed just two shots in the opening period against the Coyotes .
They did get 18 shots and a goal by Miroslav Satan in the second period , but could n't get anything else past Ilya Bryzgalov .
Crosby blamed the Penguins ' struggling offense " more urgency and ( the Penguins ' ) attitude for wanting the puck . "
" I do n't think it has anything to do with the system , " Crosby said .
" I think it has more to do with urgency .
It takes more than a system to do that . "
Having Crosby back in the lineup for Saturday 's game at St. Louis would also help .
Fastest start —
Every team wants to get off to a good start .
The New York Rangers are off to a historic one .
The Rangers ' 3 - 2 win over Atlanta gave the Blueshirts a 10 - 2 - 1 record , the most wins and best mark after 13 games since the franchise entered the NHL in 1926 .
" Our biggest goal was to get off to a good start , " captain Chris Drury said .
" We had a rough start last year and then had to battle all year to kind of shake that bad start .
This just shows the commitment and focus that the guys have put in .
This is the start we wanted to get off to . "
But some people are never satisfied — people like Rangers coach Tom Renney , for instance .
" We can't mistake what we 're doing here for being great , " Renney said .
" We 've had moments of greatness in every game , but it 's about sustaining that . "
The Rangers made some major changes after being eliminated in the second round of the playoffs last spring .
Most notably , they did n't re-sign Jaromir Jagr ( now in Russia ) .
Among the newcomers was Nikolai Zherdev , who came in a trade with Columbus .
So far , so good .
Zherdev scored the second goal and set up Dan Girardi 's game - winner , giving him 12 points in 13 games .
" It 's a new team , a new system for me , so every game I try to be better and better , " said Zherdev , who has seven points in the last four games .
" I feel really comfortable here . "
The Rangers think Zherdev can be something special .
" He 's one of the most talented players I have seen , " goalie Henrik Lundqvist said of the 23 year - old .
" He 's a top player in this league right now , and he can score that goal when you do n't think it ’s possible . "
Ready , aim , shoot — Jeff Carter 's strategy is simple .
The Philadelphia Flyers forward puts the puck on the net every chance he gets .
It 's working .
Carter had two more goals , including the game - winner in overtime , as the Flyers outlasted the New York Islanders .
" I 'm just shooting every chance I get , " Carter said after he scored on a one - timer from the front of the left circle on a power play with 24 seconds left in OT .
'' Every time I get a good look at the net , I 'm putting it on there , '' said the fourth - year center who has scored 6 goals and 9 points during a six - game scoring streak .
Carter said he usually gets off to slow starts , but coach John Stevens said he 's not surprised that Carter got off quickly .
" He 's bigger , stronger , faster , more fit , and more confident , " Stevens said .
" He 's matured into a good pro . "
Carter signed a long - term contract with the Flyers during the summer , and veteran forward Mike Knuble says he 's really stepped up his game .
" Every team would love to have a guy like him right now , " Knuble said .
" You talk about the goals he 's scored , but it 's been a full - time effort .
The guy kills penalties and stuff like that .
He shoots the puck so well , he can be a force when he gets going .
He plays in every situation . "
He 's exactly the type of player the undermanned Islanders could use .
Coach Scott Gordon 's team outplayed the Flyers for most of the night but had to settle for one point .
" I told our guys that tonight was just like a tie , " Gordon said after the Isles ' fifth loss in a row .
" The secondary point would have just been a bonus .
It is more about the 60 - minute body of work that we put together .
Tonight , our guys played a good hockey game . "
Perfect day for Alfie —
We should all have days like Daniel Alfredsson did on Thursday .
Ottawa 's captain started the day by signing a four - year contract that will keep him a Senator for life .
His teammates gave him a " signing bonus " by scoring twice in the third period to rally Ottawa to a 2 - 1 victory over the Florida Panthers .
" It makes a big difference , " Alfredsson said of the comeback win .
" I 'm really going to enjoy dinner tonight , I can tell you that , coming back the way we did . "
Alfredsson , who turns 36 in December , is entering his 10th season as the Senators ' captain .
He 's the franchise 's all - time leader in games played ( 861 ) , goals ( 334 ) , assists ( 522 ) and points ( 856 ) .
He is also Ottawa 's career leader in games played ( 101 ) , goals ( 43 ) , assists ( 37 ) and points ( 80 ) in the Stanley Cup Playoffs and is the only Senators player to win an individual season award — he won the Calder Trophy in 1996 .
Owner Eugene Melnyk said he wanted to make sure Alfredsson would be a " Senator for life . "
" It 's something I promised our organization and our fans when we signed him ( to his current contract ) in 2005 , " said Melnyk .
" I recently repeated that 's what we wanted to get done , so that Daniel finishes his career in Ottawa . "
Alfredsson also said he would also consider a position within the organization after his playing days are done .
" I 'll probably be around the team in some capacity , " he said .
A special effort — Minnesota came into its game with Montreal with the NHL's best mix of special teams — third on the power play , first in killing penalties .
But it was the Canadiens ' special teams that excelled in their 2 - 1 win at the Xcel Energy Center .
The Habs spent the night filling the penalty box , giving Minnesota 10 power plays , including a trio of 5 - on - 3 advantages ( though one lasted just nine seconds ) .
" That 's probably the best PK game we 've played all year so far , " goalie Carey Price said after stopping 28 shots .
" It 's going to be pretty hard to top that . "
Montreal coach Guy Carbonneau , who killed a penalty or two during his career as one of the NHL 's top defensive forwards , said simply : " It was awesome . "
-- Carey Price
" That 's probably the best PK game we 've played all year so far .
It 's going to be pretty hard to top that . "
The crowd of 18,568 was n't as impressed — they actually booed their team as the Wild tied a team record by going 0 - for - 10 .
" You always have to give some credit to the other team , " Wild coach Jacques Lemaire said .
" The few good chances we had , [ Price ] stopped them .
It 's not an excuse when you do have two 5 - on - 3s . "
The Wild , which did n't give up a power - play goal in its first seven games , allowed one for the second night in a row when Andrei Markov scored the game - winner early in the second period during its own 5 - on - 3 .
Minnesota has lost in regulation twice in two nights after starting 6 - 0 - 1 . The Wild lost 4 - 2 in Dallas on Wednesday .
" In Dallas we had a couple bad bounces to start the game , and this time we had trouble finishing , " forward James Sheppard said .
" Our game was there , we just have to learn to capitalize . "
Second time 's the charm — Nashville rookie Pekka Rinne 's first start was a disaster ; he allowed three goals before being hooked less than 15 minutes into the game .
His second start was a lot better :
The 25 - year - old made 27 saves as Nashville beat Edmonton 3 - 1 for its ninth consecutive win over the Oilers .
Despite the way the rookie 's first start went , Preds coach Barry Trotz said he had no problem putting him in against the Oilers .
" I was n’t concerned , " he said .
" I think last time he was trying so hard .
You could see how nervous he was .
Sometimes you just have to let them get through that first game and relax .
He played very well tonight and made a huge save early in the game .
We turned the puck over in our zone and Eric Cole went in on a breakaway real early .
He made the save there and I think that gave him a lot of confidence . "
The only shot to beat Rinne was a second - period blast by Sheldon Souray that hit his glove and went into the net .
" It was a big game for me personally , " Rinne said .
" The guys did a great job of blocking shots from me when I could n't see the puck .
It was good to get a win . "
Edmonton coach Craig MacTavish is wondering what happened to the team start started the season with four wins in a row .
The Oilers have now lost four straight to drop to .500 .
" Rinne played well , but I have seen it enough to know that we have to be more productive , " MacTavish said .
" A constant for us has been missed shots .
We are not producing offensively .
It 's that simple . "
Good tip —
The Carolina Hurricanes do n't count on Tuomo Ruutu for offense .
Not that he can't chip in with a goal when needed .
Thursday 's game against St. Louis was one of those times of need .
Ruutu got his stick on Eric Staal 's shot and deflected it through Chris Mason 's pads for a third - period power - play goal that gave the ' Canes a 1 - 0 victory at St. Louis in the finale of a six - game road trip .
" I just tried to get my stick in the way , and it hit it , " Ruutu said of his second goal of the season .
The Hurricanes were on their seventh power play when Ruutu scored with 9:41 left in regulation .
" Last time I checked , they 're all pretty well - paid .
They like playing here in St. Louis .
They do n't have issues with the coach .
Just play hard .
We 're going to win or lose based on how our top five or six guys play . " -- Andy Muaary on his players
" We talked about [ one goal winning it ] , " said Carolina coach Peter Laviolette said .
" It 's hanging 0 - 0 going into the third .
It 's sitting there , and it might be one of those goals that hits something , or goes off of something , or a bad bounce .
It was a clean shot that went in , but it was n't your picture - perfect play . "
It was , however , an excellent defensive effort by the Hurricanes — one that left Blues coach Andy Murray unhappy with his team , which has been blanked twice in its last three games .
" I 'm disappointed as some of our leading players are , " Murray said .
" Last time I checked , they 're all pretty well - paid .
They like playing here in St. Louis .
They do n't have issues with the coach .
Just play hard .
We 're going to win or lose based on how our top five or six guys play . "
Chipper about Kipper — Miikka Kiprusoff 's slow start mirrored that of his team .
So has his hot streak .
Kiprusoff completed a month in which he played every minute of every game for Calgary by making 13 of his 29 saves in the third period in the Flames ' 3 - 2 win over Boston .
" Kipper was huge again tonight , making some huge stops , not only throughout the game , but in the last minute , a couple right in tight , " said defenseman Dion Phaneuf , who provided most of the offense with two goals .
" When you have a guy like that behind you , our job is to let him see the puck and he 's doing a great job stopping it . "
Kiprusoff and the Flames have won five in a row after a 1 - 3 - 1 start .
After allowing four or more goals in each of his first four games , Kiprusoff has allowed just seven goals during the winning streak .
" I 've played 10 games with him now , " forward Mike Cammalleri said , " and I 'm starting to already get used to it .
It 's kind of fun knowing that if you make a mistake , he 's going to bail you out . "
Rocky Mountain high —
The Pepsi Center in Denver is about the last place you 'd expect the Columbus Blue Jackets to end a three - game losing streak .
The Jackets lost their first 10 visits and 13 of their first 14 since entering the NHL in 2000 .
" I knew I could win here , but I also knew it would take a good performance .
I'm a different guy leaving the building tonight .
The first one is always the hardest . "
-- Fredrik Norrena
But they made it look easy on Thursday , beating the Colorado Avalanche 4 - 2 behind a 30 - save performance by backup goaltender Fredrik Norrena .
" We 've played a lot better than our record , " Columbus coach Ken Hitchcock said .
" This is now four solid games in a row that we 've played .
The big difference was we got the save at the right time and we got goal scoring from different people . "
Before Thursday , Columbus ' only victory in Colorado was a 3 - 0 win on Dec. 5 , 2006 , with Norrena in net .
" I knew I could win here , but I also knew it would take a good performance , " said Norrena , who got his first win since March 26 against Chicago .
" I 'm a different guy leaving the building tonight .
The first one is always the hardest . "
Norrena made a couple of big saves , including one on Marek Svatos in the second period .
" It was a 1 - 0 game at that point and if they tie it they 're probably going to come really hard at us , " Norrena said .
" We scored that second goal , and that was really important . "
First things first — Roberto Luongo 's priorities are simple .
Wins come first .
Shutouts are a bonus .
Luongo got both by stopping 28 shots in the Vancouver Canucks ' 4 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Kings .
It was his 40th career shutout , but what meant the most to him was getting the two points .
" It 's just a little added bonus if you get a shutout .
But that 's more show - and - tell .
I do n't really care about that stuff , honestly , " Luongo said .
" The only goal is to win and be in the playoffs .
That 's what I play for . "
Luongo is one of 27 Canuck goaltenders who've had at least one shutout since the franchise entered the NHL in 1970 .
But he 's the first to get one in Los Angeles , either at the Forum or the Staples Center .
He said he got a lot of help in this one .
" I did n't get much action in the first 10 minutes because we had a lot of power plays , " Luongo said .
" But then I was able to see a few shots and the guys were doing a good job in front of me , clearing rebounds and breaking up a couple of backdoor plays in the last few seconds . "
Mirror image — Todd McLellan , an assistant on Detroit 's Cup - winning team last spring , brought a lot of ideas from the Red Wings when he took over as San Jose Sharks coach during the summer .
In his first meeting with his old club , his new team did a better job executing them .
" I thought we got ' Winged ' tonight , " Detroit coach Mike Babcock said after a 4 - 2 loss in his first game against his former assistant .
" I thought they did everything exactly like we try to do .
They just did it better tonight .
We 're going to look forward to playing them again .
I think he 's done a real good job .
He 's got a real good team over there . "
That 's an understatement .
At 9 - 2 - 0 , the Sharks are off to the best start in franchise history .
They also became the first team this season to outshoot the Wings — and the 33 - 27 margin was actually 27 - 13 after two periods .
McLellan 's players said they wanted to get the win for him .
However , he downplayed the significance of beating his former team .
" Everybody is making this about me , " he said .
" It 's not about me , it 's about the players .
It 's nice to know that they wanted to play hard for the coaching staff .
People come to watch them play , they do n't come to watch us coach . "
Another full house at the Shark Tank watched San Jose pull off a rare daily double by beating both Stanley Cup finalists in consecutive games .
The Sharks held Pittsburgh to 11 shots in a 2 - 1 win on Tuesday .
" We were really looking forward to this week , " said forward Ryan Clowe , who capped a three - goal spurt in a 3:25 span of the second period with a power - play goal .
" After coming off that road trip we were prepared and knew what we had ahead of us .
We have the respect around the league as a good team .
We 're showing this year that we 're ready to take the next step . "
Material from wire services and team online and broadcast media was used in this report
Contact John Kreiser at jkreiser@nhl.com
India and Pakistan began trading between their respective parts of Kashmir for the first time in six decades on Tuesday , raising hopes of a drop in tension in the disputed Himalayan region .
A convoy of 13 trucks carrying mostly apples set off on a historic trip to Pakistani Kashmir from the Indian - zone of the divided state , with 14 trucks packed with Pakistani fruit making the journey in the opposite direction .
" It is a historic day which will surely help the economy of both parts of Kashmir , " said Indian Kashmir 's Governor NN Vohra , as he flagged off the convoy from Salamabad , 12 kilometres from the Line of Control .
" I hope it will herald peace in the region , " he said of what officials on both sides hope will be a twice - weekly trade .
Speaking on the other side of the heavily militarised border , Pakistani Kashmir 's Prime Minister Atiqur Rehman said he also hoped the event will " help make headway towards resolving the Kashmir issue . "
School children and people on the Pakistan side raised slogans " Kashmir will become Pakistan , " and " Long Live Kashmir freedom movement . "
Kashmir was split into two zones in the bloody aftermath of independence of the subcontinent from Britain six decades ago .
Both India and Pakistan claim the region in full .
A Muslim insurgency broke out in Indian Kashmir in 1989 , although militant violence has fallen sharply since the nuclear - armed states began a peace process in 2004 aimed at settling all issues including the future of Kashmir .
But in the past few months , the Kashmir valley has witnessed the biggest pro-independence demonstrations since a revolt erupted in 1989 , triggering a violent crackdown by Indian security forces .
The opening of the trade route has been a key demand of Kashmiri separatists .
Developments that calm tensions will be good news for Indian authorities , who announced plans at the weekend to press ahead with polls in Indian Kashmir later this year despite the recent upheavals in the state .
Kashmiri truckers from both sides said they were delighted about the resumption of trade .
" I am very happy to be part of this historic moment , " said Ghulam Hassan Baba , a driver from Srinagar .
" Never in my dreams I had imagined that one day I will drive my truck and go to the other side , " said Mazhar Hussain , the driver of the first Pakistani truck .
Separatists , however , say India still needs to acknowledge that Kashmir is disputed , and be prepared to address the underlying issue of the future of the region .
TULSA — A woman who was charged with committing felony crimes against nature was arrested this morning after police were notified of more than 150 homemade movies of the Tulsa County woman engaging in various sex acts with dogs .
Donald Roy Seigfried , 55 and Diane Sue Whalen , 54 , were charged with the crime , which deals with bestiality .
Whalen , 54 , was arrested this morning and booked into the Tulsa County Jail .
Seigfried , whom police describe as her partner in the movie productions , was arrested and released on a $ 10,000 bond Tuesday .
Authorities were notified of the tapes after Whalen ’s son accidentally stumbled onto one of the movies and then alerted the sheriff 's department .
The tapes , along with three dogs -- a Labrador , a blue heeler and a mixed breed -- were also taken into custody .
Bowman said his office is recommending that they be taken away from the suspects and be put down .
I love me some JSON .
It saves me tons of parsing headaches when exchanging data between web services because it maps so well to concepts shared among most common programming languages .
It ’s super easy to take a PHP object , convert it to JSON , and then push it to a Javascript ( or a Ruby , or a Python ) app .
Because JSON is valid JavaScript code , the most common method for converting it into native JS objects is to just eval the JSON .
This is an extremely bad idea , because it opens your app up to all sorts of code injection attacks .
Even with “ trusted ” sources , a security failure on your source ’s end , or just a disgruntled employee , could wreak havoc on your apps and your users .
I ’d recommend reading Douglas Crockford ’s “ JSON and Browser Security ” .
Go ahead ; I ’ll wait .
j Query , which we ’ll use for all our examples because it ’s awesome , will in many cases automatically parse JSON responses for you .
This , as we learned above , is a Bad Thing .
The following Ajax methods will automatically parse JSON in jQ ( as of 1.2 ) :
jQuery.getJSON ( ) – always
– always jQuery.ajax ( ) – if type is ‘ json ’
– if is ‘ json ’ jQuery.get ( ) – if type is ‘ json ’
– if is ‘ json ’ jQuery.post ( ) – if type is ‘ json ’
So my rules of thumbs are :
never , ever use $.getJSON ( ) never , ever set the type option to ‘ json . ’
To force the issue , I set my type to ‘ text ’ in my ajax calls .
For example :
< script type =" text / javascript " charset = " utf - 8 " src="/js/jquery.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " charset= " utf - 8 " > $.ajax ( ' http://twitter.com/statuses/public_timeline.json', function ( data , textStatus ) { alert ( ' Status is ' + textStatus ) ; alert ( 'JSON data string is : ' + data ) ; } , ' text ' ) ; </ script >
In the example above , we ’re including the jquery library with the first < script > tag , and then calling the jQuery.ajax ( ) method in the second .
We ’re passing three parameters :
the URL we ’re pulling the JSON string from .
In this case , it ’s the Twitter public timeline an anonymous function that ’s called when the request is successful the type of data we ’re getting , as a string .
Using ‘ text ’ ensures no extra processing is done on the response string
So this is great , but all we ’ve got is a string of serialized data , which is n’t terribly useful .
Thankfully , there ’s a handy library at JSON.org that takes care of parsing JSON without using eval without using eval on non-JSON code1 .
The library gives us two methods : JSON.parse ( ) for turning a JSON string into a JS object , and JSON.stringify ( ) for turning a JS object into a JSON string .
So let ’s utilize JSON. parse ( ) in our code , and actually do something with that data :
< script type =" text / javascript " charset = " utf - 8 " src="/js/jquery.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " charset = " utf - 8 " src= "/js/JSON2.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " charset= " utf - 8 " > $.get ( ' http://twitter.com/statuses/public_timeline.json', function ( data , textStatus ) { alert ( ' Status is ' + textStatus ) ; alert ( 'JSON data string is : ' + data ) ; // this will give us an array of objects var public_tweets = JSON.parse ( data ) ; // iterate over public_tweets for ( var x=0 ; x < public_tweets.length ; x++) { var twt = public_tweets [ x ] ; var elm = ' < div class = " tweet " id = " '+twt.id+' " > \ < a href= " '+twt.user.url +'" >< img src= " '+twt.user.profile_image_url + ' "
/></a> \ < div class = " tweet - text " >'+ twt.text +'</div > \ </div >' ; $ (' BODY ' ) .prepend ( elm ) ; } } , ' text ' ) ; </ script >
In the modified example above , the second script tag loads the JSON2 library .
We then use the JSON. parse ( ) method to turn the data string into a JavaScript object – in this case , and array of Twitter message objects .
Then we iterate over the array , building a string of HTML for each entry and prepending it to the < body > tag ( so the newest item is on top ) .
Note :
If you ’re using this code on a remotely - hosted html page ( or loading it as a local file under Firefox 3 ) , it wo n’t work , and if you check in your error console you ’ll probably see a security warning .
That ’s because our $. get ( ) call directly accesses the Twitter API hosted on Twitter.com , which is almost certainly not the domain your files are hosted on .
When we try to do so , it violates the same - origin policy enforced by browsers .
The only workaround that I think is safe is to set up some sort of proxy on your domain to pass requests – other approaches like JSONP rely on eval ( ) ing the result , which is what we ’re trying to avoid here .
I ’ll try to cover setting up a local domain proxy in a future post .
US gives $ 1bn to rebuild Georgia
Many people have been displaced by the brief conflict The US has announced $ 1bn ( £ 564 m ) of aid to Georgia for reconstruction after the conflict with Russia .
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice said the aid would be used to rebuild houses and infrastructure - but not for military purposes .
Georgia has requested $ 2bn in funding from the international community .
Fighting between Russia and Georgia began on 7 August after the Georgian military tried to retake the breakaway region of South Ossetia by force .
Russian forces launched a counter - attack and the conflict ended with the ejection of Georgian troops from both South Ossetia and another breakaway region , Abkhazia .
Russia has since recognised the independence of both regions .
Nicaragua , whose leftist government fiercely opposes the US , now appears to have become the second nation to recognise their independence .
President Daniel Ortega said in a speech : " The government of Nicaragua recognises the independence of the republics of South Ossetia and Abkhazia and we are completely with the Russian government 's position . "
' Simple message '
Announcing the aid package , Ms Rice said the US was " responding to what we consider to be urgent needs " .
" With our full support and the support of the entire free world , a democratic Georgia will survive , will rebuild and will thrive . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
On Wednesday , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) also announced that Georgia was to receive a $ 750 m ( £ 422 m ) loan .
The IMF agreed in principle to offer the help amid concerns that Georgia 's growth would be seriously hampered by the recent war .
The US announcement came on the day Vice - President Dick Cheney began a visit in the region - but not Russia .
In Azerbaijan , he said he was bringing " a clear and simple message for the people of Azerbaijan and the entire region : the United States has a deep and abiding interest in your well - being and security " .
Mr Cheney will next go to Georgia and Ukraine .
In Georgia , he is expected to stress US support for President Mikhail Saakashvili - the man the Kremlin dismissed on Tuesday as a " political corpse " whose leadership it did not recognise .
No fear Russia 's President Dmitry Medvedev has also accused the US of helping Tbilisi build its war machine and called on America to review its relations with the Georgian authorities .
Faced with a chorus of international calls for Russia 's isolation , Mr Medvedev has said Moscow does not fear being expelled from the G8 group of rich nations nor does it fear Nato cutting ties with his country .
Cheney in ex-Soviet energy call Early this week , European Union leaders agreed to suspend talks on a new partnership agreement with Moscow until Russian troops have withdrawn from Georgia .
But they did not threaten sanctions .
Russia 's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who stepped down as president earlier this year , praised the European Union 's " common sense " .
But he warned that Moscow would respond to the growing presence of Nato warships in the Black Sea , where Russia 's navy has a huge presence .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
READER COMMENTS ON
" ES&S Touch - Screen Votes Now Flipping in TX Too !
Obama / DNC Attorneys Still AWOL ! "
( 67 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Mike said on 10/24/2008 @ 5:20 pm PT ...
EXACTLY !!
As I commented on an earlier story , the DNC / Obama legal teams need to be out in the field NOW , not after the horse has left the barn .
They knew early voting was going to be huge , they 've been pushing for early voting since forever .
To not have legal observers out there keeping an eye on the early voting is derelict .
Geez , not having the lawyers our there in the field is perhaps more frustrating than the voting machine problems .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 10/24/2008 @ 5:49 pm PT ...
I have a question :
In '04 when my daughter went to vote she brought her digital camera & was told " You ca n't film in here . "
They were adamant about it .
What should one do in that case ??
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/24/2008 @ 6:54 pm PT ...
Meanwhile : daily kos ' designated election reform expert actually explains why things are n't so bad after all ...
http://www.dailykos.com/.../24/165726/21/508/641237
Also fun was a couple of days ago when kos was boasting that the " left wing " had successfully marginalized its conspiracy theorists under his guidance ... ... are we having karma yet ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Bernie Ellis said on 10/24/2008 @ 6:58 pm PT ...
Brad , The Tennessee " votes flip to Obama " story is not true .
I sent you a detailed email earlier today describing what I learned by talking to three of the principals involved in the story ( the reporter , the Election Registrar and one of the Republican county election commissioners ) .
Here is what I posted on Democratic Underground about what I found : DREs may be nefarious , BUT they are loyal --- TN " votes flip to Obama " story debunked Disclaimer : Lordy , I would give anything if the story publicized earlier this week on BradBlog and here at DU --- that three voters in a rural Tennessee county using ES&S iVotronic DREs had witnessed their votes jump from McCain to Obama --- was true .
Why ?
Because a story like that is so rare but , if true , it would affirm that electronic voting carries risks for all voters , not just " tin-foil - hat " Democrats .
As we worked our TN Voter Confidence Act bill through our legislature ( to ban DREs and move to paper ballots / random audits ) , it would have really helped us if there had been examples of Republicans being harmed by this equipment as often as Democrats , or at all .
Unfortunately , my follow - up on the Tennessee story this morning proves to me what my OP title says : DREs may be nefarious BUT they are faithful --- to their Republican masters .
I would strongly recommend that everyone read the original story published in the Decatur County Chronicle ( weekly , circulation 2,700 , motto : " Blessed in the nation whose God is the Lord " ( Psalm 33:12 ) ) this past Tuesday .
Here 's the link : http://www.decaturcounty...com/article.asp?art=1244
Here 's what I learned in speaking with the local reporter , the Decatur County Election Registrar and one of the Republican county election commissioners who was interviewed for the story : ---
The newspaper learned about the story " ... when the voters called the paper to report the vote flips from McCain to Obama " .
Or maybe it was a call from the two county election commissioners quoted in the story --- both Republican party members of the five person local commission --- one of whose father - in - law happens to be the newspaper publisher .
---
The three voters who reported the vote - flips ( but only to the newspaper --- they have still not contacted anyone at the Election Commission ) were the mother , the father - in - law and either the cousin or the uncle of the Decatur County Republican Party Chairman ---
All four of them are in business with each other at the local sawmill .
---
None of the aggrieved voters have listed phone numbers .
---
When the Decatur County Election Registrar offered to call a county election commission meeting to discuss the vote - flipping incident , the Republican commissioners declined .
---
Neither of the Republican commission members have been back to the county election commission office to file any formal complaint about the equipment or to ask that it be de-commissioned .
---
When I spoke to one of the Republican county election commissioners myself , he described the three voters who reported vote - flipping as " rabid Republicans " who had likely been encouraged to " push " ( read : " invent " ) this story because of all of the coverage about ACORN .
He does not believe the vote - flipping story himself .
So folks ---
I report , you decide .
As for me , my initial skepticism has ( sadly ) been confirmed .
What looked like a rare glimpse at bi-partisan harm caused by DREs has sadly been --- once again --- another debunked exception that reinforces the rule .
When I finished my conversation with the county Election Registrar ( who was completely open and helpful throughout our conversation ) by saying " You know , when I heard this story , I smelled a fish .
And it were n't fresh - caught " , she said " Exactly . "
Folks , we 've just witnessed a little bamboozlry on the banks of the Tennessee River , in a sleepy little backwoods county whose Republicans are as slimy as they are stupid .
Their little attempt at small town psy-ops has plopped pathetically --- like poop from a dying pachyderm .
Like the ACORN brou - ha - ha - ha - ha , this story has no merit .
DREs may be nefarious BUT they are faithful .
That 's all folks .
-----------
We have been swamped with fake stories in the last few weeks ( fake plumber , fake assault victim with a " B " carved in her face , fake vote - flipping to Obama in backwater Tennessee ) .
Given how sensational ( and " man bites dog " ish ) the TN vote - flipping story was , I was amazed to learn today that no one from the media ( or from anywhere else ) had bothered to call the principals to check on the story .
Maybe journalism will be my next career , but I prefer to function as a citizen who occasionally has to " be the media " .
After all , someone has to .
Thanks again for your good work , and please accept this correction as a cautionary tale .
Sometimes , when voting machine " glitches " seem to finally be even - handed in their vote - flipping , it turns out to be a story that is too good to be true .
Like this one .
Bernie Ellis , Organizer
Gathering To Save Our Democracy
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/24/2008 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
Bernie Ellis said : " Maybe journalism will be my next career " I got news for ya , bubs , it 's your career NOW !
Whether you like it or not ( and no whining , you did n't hear me whine about that same thing , didja ?! )
Great work .
I 'll update the stories to point to your superb sleuthing / follow - up !
( And P.S. I 'm sorry I missed your email when you sent it , as I 'm getting buried and missing alot of them ! )
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... ashley said on 10/24/2008 @ 8:43 pm PT ...
hey brad !
i've been following your stories closely and now feel smarter than my friends .
and alarmed !
is there a coordinated effort in place to send your daily news to the dnc and obama camp , urging them to stand up ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Nancy Meyer said on 10/24/2008 @ 9:40 pm PT ...
Has anyone reported problems w/ voting for each candidate individually ?
If not , suggest people not use the " straight ticket " option ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/24/2008 @ 11:31 pm PT ...
Ashley asked : is there a coordinated effort in place to send your daily news to the dnc and obama camp , urging them to stand up ?
If there is , it 's not being coordinated by me !
I nominate you , Ashley !
( Only partially kidding . )
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/24/2008 @ 11:57 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ...
That Fucking Piece Of Shit john fund ( probably trust fund ) was spouting lies about " voter fraud " tonight the " Pig Faced " dan rea show on wbz ... and he was lapping the shit up like piglets at the trough .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... CDM said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:48 am PT ...
If so many observable votes are being flipped , you can just imagine what 's really going on .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean ( not in ) FL - 13 said on 10/25/2008 @ 1:47 am PT ...
Great article Brad , and thank you Emily and VR !
Exactly what was needed .
Very helpful , pro-active tips every voter in the country should be aware of .
Calling for a machine to be removed and making damn well sure everyone at the polling location knows about it , is not only well within our rights , we should consider ourselves duty bound to do so .
Joan ( # 2 ) -- Yes , in some states it is illegal to film inside the polling place .
I would caution against risking arrest no matter how delightful and fully exonerating the resulting footage may be .
But I would also pose : how much more illegal is it to manipulate a federal election ?
... just sayin ' .
I know which felony would be PROSECUTED to the full extent of the law and which one will be swept under the rug by every Law Enforcement Agent in the country .
I know which one is more likely to be hyped as " criminal " and which one will be reported as impartial , election day " glitches " ...
But I do n't think anyone who is arrested for " illegal filming of the polling place with the intent of ensuring their vote was n't altered by ES&S 's machines that have proven to be completely faulty time and time again " -- I doubt they'd be convicted by a jury of their peers ... assuming they can get a juried hearing of peers , that is .
Best thing to advise your daughter is to film as near to the polling place as she can .
The rules on this vary from state to state / county to county , but you should be able to film any public building -- it 's your right as a citizen .
If something nefarious is going on , have her get as many voter testimonials on film as she can for the public record .
Then upload it to Video the Vote per Brad 's suggestion as early as you can .
Our goal is to streamline our rapid response with election protection -- you upload the video at VTV , it 's automatically linked to YOUTUBE , who 's partnered with Video the Vote this year along with PBS , so these problems will have more push to the national platform than they 've ever enjoyed in elections past .
I really believe that thanks to Brad , Bev , VTV , John Gideon , Velvet Revolution , Why Tuesday and all of YOU -- we can take the video evidence , post it , broadcast it , and this year it will put enormous pressure on the candidate ( and his " mysterious lawyers " ) to act .
It 's different this time .
They can't quite swing their normal pre-game play .
Folks are onto 'em .
Even my uber - conservative Sarasotans are onto the shenanigans of KATHY DENT !
The local blogs are lit up with even the most hard - lined supporters saying it 's time for her to go .
Keep it up !
No matter what the polls say !...
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Nick said on 10/25/2008 @ 5:23 am PT ...
It would be great if we could get one of these votes flipping on video .
In fact people have been denied the right to receive a paper ballot .
What about people taking pictures of their vote - when possible with their cell phones .
These files could then be sent immediately - if something is amiss - to the proper authorities / investigative team .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... tom hoser said on 10/25/2008 @ 6:53 am PT ...
These times demand radical but simple solutions .
Asking for machine removal might be the normal thing to do but will be ignored as will all our protest .
The only sure way to defeat this monster is to cut off it 's head .
If after a reasonable amount of trials a vote is stil being flipped just grab the largest object in the room and smash the shit out of the machine .
If enough people are willing to go to this extent we will solve the problem quickly and efficiently .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/25/2008 @ 7:05 am PT ...
Re : videoing your particular vote ...
The problem is that the steps used to acquire hard evidence of vote flipping - sans a poll worker witness - are also the same steps that could be used to sell your vote ( either willingly or under coercion . )
Which , of course , is illegal and thus various localities have differing laws to prevent it .
It 's a monstrous Catch - 22 and is also one of the reasons why e-voting fails from first principles ... in other words it should never have been allowed to happen in the first place .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Buru Dragon said on 10/25/2008 @ 7:07 am PT ...
http://www.pubrecord.org...voter-registrations.html
Bush Orders DOJ to Probe Ohio Voter Registrations
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... NoOneYouKnow said on 10/25/2008 @ 7:35 am PT ...
Unbelievable .
Where are the Dems ?
If they started pushing back on these crimes , it would n't just help the election , it would help the various Dem campaigns by being a stellar example of Repug criminality and dishonesty .
Where TF are they ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/25/2008 @ 7:51 am PT ...
Your on this big B? Link President George W. Bush late Friday asked Attorney General Michael Mukasey to investigate whether hundreds of thousands of newly registered voters in the battleground state of Ohio would have to verify the information on their voter registration forms or be given provisional ballots , an issue the U.S. Supreme Court weighed in on last week .
They 're doing it again
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/25/2008 @ 7:58 am PT ...
... It was teh Boner that brought it
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 10/25/2008 @ 8:15 am PT ...
Whitey , trying to hold the man down !
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... chuck said on 10/25/2008 @ 8:26 am PT ...
I agree with Tom that smashing the machine will be more effective although nobody will .
We now live in a nation where trillions are openly looted from the masses and they continue to be more satisfied with American Idol .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... mottoramma said on 10/25/2008 @ 8:36 am PT ...
Where are the lawsuits ?
What are they waiting for ?
I 'm an attorney .
I drove 500 miles to work Toledo during the 04 election and watched them steal Ohio under our noses .
Afterwards , I got a nice " thank you " from the Ohio Dems .
I said , " f that , where 's the recount ? "
They are steealing it and what are we lawyers gonna do about it ?
Why no suits ?
Let 's all contact every do - gooder election protection organization and ask them , demand that they file suit .
If for no other reason than to bring attention to this scandal .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... SoftwareDiplomat said on 10/25/2008 @ 8:57 am PT ...
I did early voting yesterday in Delaware , Ohio .
There was a uniformed officer of some sort standing in the office .
Is that voter intimidation ?
Maybe it was n't for me , but is it for some people ?
I double checked my ballot , and I am pretty sure I successfully voted for Obama .
Back in 2004 , when I voted in Worthington , my vote switched from Kerry to Bush , but I saw it , de-selected bush , and reselected Kerry prior to hitting the Vote button .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... capt said on 10/25/2008 @ 9:35 am PT ...
Barack 's campaign and the DNC should pour how many attorneys and resources into Texas ?
Since Texas is solid red - the smart move would not be to waste legal efforts on a lost cause ?
Currently we are trying to win the election not use the election to fix broken systems in solidly red states - that would come after the election .
Barack is n't going to lose Texas because of flipped votes on crud systems and he would not win it by starting a legal action .
Maybe the smart money is on Fl - PA - IA - IN - CO ?
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Louis said on 10/25/2008 @ 10:00 am PT ...
Great blog - keep up the good work !
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... JMarra said on 10/25/2008 @ 10:45 am PT ...
Why anyone would go within three feet of those machines is a mystery to me .
I 'm voting early because I 'm a poll worker , so if any stuff comes up in my 12th ward , I 'll be watching .
It might be helpful to place people OUTSIDE the 25 - foot perimeter within which no campaigning may be done , with signs reading : " USE A PAPER BALLOT . " .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Mac said on 10/25/2008 @ 10:45 am PT ...
Hey gang , Here 's a link to Obama 's website , where I just left a suggestion .
Go there after you leave a comment here , and maybe somebody will listen ....
http://answercenter.bara....cfg/php/enduser/ask.php
Mac
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/25/2008 @ 10:47 am PT ...
... capt said on 10/25/2008 @ 9:35 am PT ...
" Barack 's campaign and the DNC should pour how many attorneys and resources into Texas ? " Bullshit .
... or , more formally ...
Non Sequitur : that does not follow .
Hoooboy does it not follow .
1 : Part of the Obama campaign 's defense against the ( so far valid ) criticisms that they were ignoring electoral problems that could be fixed in advance was that " they were on top of it " with " thousands of warheads lawyers ready to fly " ... ... and Obama is currently sitting on more cash than he can spend before the election ...
So ... where the hell are they ?
2 : Realpolitik .
So you would throw away all the votes in Texas , and its congressional and local races , just in the hope that a narrowly - elected President Obama will be able to " fix everything " after the fact ?
Got some news for you , sunshine : that centrist republican ( of another era ) corporate shill ( see FISA et all ) will not only be unable to get things done without an overwhelming cross-regional voter mandate at the polls , he has repeatedly stated that he 's not even going to try .
Now unwrap your head from the Obama spin and reflect upon the following : " When they came for the red state votes I did nothing , because I was not a red state voter ... "
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/25/2008 @ 10:55 am PT ...
@ Agent Provocateuress 99 : is WP updated with Obama in the dict ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... ROBinDALLAS said on 10/25/2008 @ 11:01 am PT ...
They have had 8 years to replace these machines with optical scan machines which have a paper ballot back up .
These machines are still being used for one reason only , to steal votes and elections .
Where are the attorneys ?
Was this just a bluff ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/25/2008 @ 11:09 am PT ...
It 's not voter fraud that 's the problem ...
It 's the republiKKKan ELECTION FRAUD !!!
that 's been the real problem .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/25/2008 @ 11:44 am PT ...
Just wanted to let anyone know that I too was having fantasies of knocking a machine over which would probably get me arrested ( not good ) but which might draw a little more attention to the problem ( highly desirable ) .
Probably wo n't happen cuz we have optical scan machines here in Massachusetts but I was even wondering if maybe I should knock over our optical scanner just to make a point .
If they fuckin ' steal it again , I 'm hoping we take it to the streets .
No more .
It 's time to become old - fashioned and become citizens again .
love ,
David Lasagna
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... marion powell said on 10/25/2008 @ 11:50 am PT ...
Brad ,
I have a theory on why the machines are flipping votes .
My husband works with touch screen cash registers .
The screen is " tiltable " because depending on the angle you from which you look at it , you will see the " touch buttons " in different places .
Thus a short person thinking he is voting for Obama whose name is above McCain will actually push the McCain button because from his lower angle it looks like its in front of Obama 's name .
The reverse is true for a tall person looking down who sees the McCain button which is actually over Obama 's name but he sees McCain from his perspective .
I may have the perspective backwards but I think you will get the idea .
This is a shot in the dark because I have n't seen the machines but I hope it helps .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... marion powell said on 10/25/2008 @ 11:57 am PT ...
Brad ,
Another thought .
If the machine is on a table , like in your picture , the angle again will distort the placement of the touch buttons .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:00 pm PT ...
My mind ( again ) is reeling from the reek .
Our economy --- not to mention the world 's --- is crumbling & the dollar continues its slide into the toilet .
Our president , a global laughingstock , has decimated the long - respected reputation of the country with his brutal , arrogant , bumbling “ leadership " .
Thousands have lost their pensions , due — it sure looks to me — to the callous broken promises of the unconscionably greedy .
Thousands are still without healthcare , losing their jobs or their homes , or all three at once .
Thanks , george .
So we have these two men to choose from ...
On one side what I see is a smart , respectful , measured young man who seems calm under pressure & who seems to live his values .
Married to one woman for -- oops , he forgot how many years .
HA .. any married woman 's familiar with THAT sort of thing from a husband .
I know I am .
Somehow I 'd find that a lot easier to forgive than if I found he'd shouted out " Kill him ! " at a rally .
Because damn , that much therapy 's expensive .
On the other side I see a too - easily rattled , erratic , & shockingly disrespectful man with a short fuse who seems --- to my mind --- to live values the opposite of the ones he claims to hold ; a man who has lately fanned the flames of racial bigotry and who has -- I 'm sorry , this STILL boggles my damn mind -- actually called his wife a ‘ cunt ’ in public , in front of reporters , yet ! ( ' media ethics ' ? oxymoron ? )
But oooh , the first guy is ‘ black ’ !
( bi-racial , actually , but I guess that 's too ‘ nuanced ’... he ’s got some black blood , therefore he ’s black ) .
So faced with this continuing , could n’t - be - more - blatant criminal suppression of votes on one side , and with the issues - driven , wildly successful ( and way too reminiscent of ‘ 04 ) get - out - the - vote effort on the other , the choice certainly seems crystal - clear to me .
And yet we still hear about these amazingly detached , still - pondering - the - options , Solomon - like ‘ undecided voters ’ .
Who ARE these people ?
What part of this crazed obscene carnival is still unclear to them ??
To say “ I do n’t get it ” is a monumental understatement .
David Sedaris puts it metaphorically , and far better than I ever could .
He likens our options to the dinner choice offered by an imaginary airplane stewardess : “ … ’ Can I interest you in the chicken ? ’ she asks .
‘ Or would you prefer the platter of shit with bits of broken glass in it ? ’… ” Hmmmmmm ..... I 'll need a bit more time to decide ......
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:05 pm PT ...
Thank you , Jeannie , # 11 , for addressing my question !
Much appreciated .
~ Joan
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:15 pm PT ...
Hey , Zap , nice to see you .
Obama does not seem to be updated in the dictionaries of the world ....
I keep getting the little red line under it when I type it .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:18 pm PT ...
Errr ... " undecideds " ?
This is not the time or the place for an Obama spinfest , especially as the " undecideds " are already having their decisions made for them in that respect .
In fact the " undecided " voters will turn out to have voted exactly how the machines said they voted ... just like everybody else .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:21 pm PT ...
Just submitted this to the Obama campaign .
Thanks for the link .
There are reports of vote flipping in early voting from West Virgina , Tennessee , Missouri , and Texas so far .
All of them flipping from Democrat to Republican .
There is also finally a lawsuit filed in Pennsylvania by the NAACP to get more paper ballots available as an alternative to the DREs .
This should be vigorously supported .
Where 's the Obama campaign ?
Where are all those lawyers at the ready ?
As I 'm sure you 're well aware we need to be fighting the battle on all fronts .
I believe millions of Americans are more than ready to back you up on these issues .
Please supply leadership on the vulnerability of electronic voting front .
We 're starving for someone to stand up for our right to have our votes counted as cast .
Let 's go !
( more info on all this at BradBlog.com ) thanks for all your work ,
David Lasagna also -- left a message for Rachel Maddow at her Ask Dr. Maddow line --212 871-8173 -- asking her to ask one of those lawyers when they plan on doing something about the vote flipping .
Maybe she'd be moved by few more calls .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
I figgered Ed's link would have something to do with dick
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:28 pm PT ...
99 : Hmmm ... so could it be a design feature that wordpress is constantly whispering in my ear that " Obama " is in error ?
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:38 pm PT ...
Willburrr ...
I smelled fowl ... when I heard votes were flipping from
MaGoo to Obama !
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/25/2008 @ 12:58 pm PT ...
Oh , crikey , Zap , that must be a nightmare for you !
Ca n't you tell your machine that it 's not an error ?
I think , actually , that the spellcheck features are in our browsers , too .
I get the same thing on other software and other sites .
So I think the browser people should update the dictionaries .
Or ... they 're Republican shills ...
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/25/2008 @ 1:03 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... texaslady said on 10/25/2008 @ 1:35 pm PT ...
In Montgomery Cty , Texas , yesterday my husband tried to vote straight ticket .
We had been forewarned that the machines had problems with straight tickets .
His vote kept popping back to Mccain / Republican .
Twice this happened .
Next to him , my machine was doing fine , I had gone line by line .
When I told him to go back and do a line by line two older women immediately came over and told me I could not talk to him .
I said it is my husband , she replied , " it is illegal for you to talk to him without being sworn in . "
Today I called our Election Office to ask about this and was told I could help my husband if I did n't touch the screen .
Supposedly they are checking if his vote was registered .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/25/2008 @ 1:50 pm PT ...
99 : ... and it turns out you 're right .
The Konqueror web browser I use for graphical sites has a choice of built - in spell checkers and the default client , " Aspell " , was turned on .
So the WordPress Republican Conspiracy Theory fails ...
And it was n't a problem anyway as it was only applied to the form input text box for comments ... so my malady was self - inflicted , of limited extent , and easily cured
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/25/2008 @ 2:05 pm PT ...
Well , that 's a relief .
I was having visions of you sitting there enduring untold agonies while your machine was reading you the typo - laden threads of Blogistan and holding my head ....
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 10/25/2008 @ 2:28 pm PT ...
These vote - flipping machines are a set - up .
A dry run .
My theory :
The noecon operatives are testing the American public and media with machines that reveal a blatant " error " that favors the Republicans , but is apparently easily fixed .
( Although thanks to the UCSB team we know the flipped vote could still go through , even after being corrected . )
This is a test to see what our response will be .
They are getting confirmation that the response will be minimal , and can be framed as either voter error , or liberal wingnuts trying to wreak havoc with our wonderful election system .
Then , on election day , they can run these vote - flipping machines with impugnity , confident that between the American media and the oh - so - cautious Democratic candidates , no one will comment on the elephant in the living room , except us predictable wingnuts .
Sweet , eh ?
That 's what I think .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/25/2008 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ...
It Cracks me up how all the maggots come crawling out of the woodwork come election time . . .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Vote Flipping said on 10/25/2008 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
Someone who 's experienced this needs to call Obama 's headquarters immediately .
Their contact number is on the website .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/25/2008 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
Lora , I think your right ... oh look at the shiny object over there !
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... anonymous said on 10/25/2008 @ 5:13 pm PT ...
Please shut up about the Obama nonsense .
I hate to ruin it on election day for you , but no one in the Obama campaign cares about this .
No one is really paying attention to electronic issues .
They think they can win by overwhelming numbers .
If they say the machines are broken , that means the GOP can say the election was illegitimate .
They will continue to look the other way as long as they are winning .
I 've spoken to high level Obama people and they really have no clue about voting machines .
They have no clue about voting machine allocations or malfunctioning touchscreens .
They think out of state lawyers standing around outside of polling places makes a difference .
The Obama campaign is waiting until there are problems and they will use their high tech comm system to send these reports up the flagpole on election day .
It will be totally useless , but that is their plan .
Obama , just like McCain , could give less a crap about counting every vote .
They only care about counting your vote when the election is close enough that it might matter .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Mugzi said on 10/25/2008 @ 7:29 pm PT ...
Brad ,
It seems the states are doing something different .
Where to begin ??
It seems everyone should bombard ... okay , contact ... their congressmen to amend / repeal HAVA to get rid of the machines and use paper ballots , pencil and oversight of the counters .
With all the problems we have , Canada ( as you know ! ) has the results of their election by 11 pm .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... serena1313 said on 10/25/2008 @ 9:12 pm PT ...
I live in Dallas .
I voted last Wednesday on a touch - screen voting machine .
It is not easy to trust a system knowing that the machines are unreliable .
I even hit the back button to make sure my vote for Obama was still checked --- it was .
Although the machine did not flip the vote I did not feel comfortable after I hit the " vote " button because nothing showed my vote was accepted .
I have to admit Iam surprised that Obama 's people are n't on top of this since he has an army of around 5000 - plus attorneys ---
I believe I read that some had already been called to deal with problems in Florida and Ohio .
I 've seen several reports about machines flipping to McCain in West Virginia , but no mention was made whether Obama 's attorneys had looked into this .
What is especially disturbing is the poll workers are telling the voters not to worry about it --- that their vote was counted .
( Sure it was counted ... for McCain ) .
The possibility that voters --- especially those who stand in line an hour or more , some for even as long as 5 hours --- are not paying close attention to whether the machine flipped their vote makes me wonder how many votes are not corrected ?
Whether a voter intends to vote for Obama or McCain is not so much the point --- as much as every vote should count .
But it becomes the point when machines only flip to McCain .
Someone mentioned Obama would not win Texas so that should be no big deal .
We do not know that for a fact considering all the new voter registrations --- many of whom use cell phones only --- are n't usually polled .
The republicans do not want to lose power .
They are absolutely frantic .
But we must not allow another election to be stolen .
There is simply too much at stake .
Therein sitting idly by doing nothing is not an option !
Channel your angst , frustration and outrage toward taking action now .
Call your local TV and radio stations , write letters to local and national media .
Until they get enough complaints this will not get reported .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... bill topping said on 10/26/2008 @ 12:33 am PT ...
I am English and amazed at the American obsession with voting machines which cost thousands of dollars and only used once a year .
I understand you get the result out almost immediatetly the polls close but in presidential polls the new president does not take office until January !!
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/26/2008 @ 12:23 pm PT ...
Bill Topping ~
More like Billions of dollars in total and it's a Travesty !
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Draco said on 10/26/2008 @ 1:41 pm PT ...
It 's funny how we never hear anything about the massive voter registration fraud being carried out by the Marxist front group ACORN .
I wonder why ???
[ Ed note :
You 're not hearing about it here because it 's not true . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... bat man said on 10/26/2008 @ 2:17 pm PT ...
Looks like our fat american fingers werent made compatible with the sensitivity of the touch screen itself .
Maybe the machine is more accustomed to the skinny illegal immigrant fingers that are rampant amongst the population trying to vote .
Perhaps placing a sign on the machine that says no voting with elbows allowed .
Most americans eat with elbows on the tables , they probably elbow rested the screen .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Smarty Pants said on 10/26/2008 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
A side note for all of you obama supporters out there , ill see you on the front lines of ww3 .
The one where america gets taken over by terrorists from the inside .
Remember those sleeper cell 's that we have ?
Well guess who is their main man in command .
OBAMA n' BIDEN .
Not OSAMA BINLADEN .
Get a clue and read between the lines for once .
You are voting for a terrorist .
By choice .
Think of it like this , the word Change , what does it mean .
Change the constitution ,
Change the bill of rights
Change your freedoms
Change your trust in god
Change your country from bad to worse Now Change your mind , and vote for mccain .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/26/2008 @ 3:18 pm PT ...
... bat man - er ... never mind ... 99 said I could n't do that anymore ... ... but if it is n't obama fans blinded by the spin it 's racist rethuglican spew instead ?
Hint for you , bat - brains : the problem is n't the nigh - nonexistent specter of voter fraud that the rethugs like to terrorize themselves with ... the problem is all the perfectly legal votes being prevented , diverted , and or corrupted in transit ... and the electoral machinery - both metaphysical and literal - that encourages such corruption .
An illegal Pakistani immigrant will not be able to steal a rethugs vote ... ... but the GOP and the Bushies have both openly admitted that they 're working like hell to steal mine .
Pisses me off .
And Obama and the DNC are busy ignoring it ( after the grandiose promises to the contrary ) which also pisses me off ...
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... kevin john said on 10/26/2008 @ 3:21 pm PT ...
Please , tell me this is just an isolated case .
If the premise of this post is true , no , it can't be true .
I will not believe it .
Computer problems perhaps ?
Snaffu's in the system ?
Common in every sophisticated system .
Shit happens .
It 's pretty easy to get a digital in a ladies purse - not so easy for men .
Proof would be appreciated , otherwise it 's just hear - say .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 10/26/2008 @ 3:37 pm PT ...
... Smarty Pants said ...
( Grade school word juxtaposition omitted for sanity 's sake )
Forget it ... the nekoanarchists will be the ones to seize control of the means of catnip production , comrade !
But Smarty
Pants also made a list !
Change the constitution ,
Change the bill of rights
Change your freedoms
Change your trust in god
Change your country from bad to worse ...
Very good , Smarty Pants !
You have correctly listed Bush and and the Rethugs accomplishments over the past eight years !
Now let 's work on your multiplication tables ... ( Hmmm ... Would n't Bush and the Rethugs be a lousy name for a band ? )
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/26/2008 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
Zap
It seems the shill mill has gotten wind of this thread and they just do it to irritate people so badly that we pop up with all kinds of invective against their assholishly tedious lies .
They do n't recognize their collusion with plutocrats is digging their own graves right along with the rest of ours .
Scrambling for minimum wage in their sweat shops , they figure your vote is n't as important as their paycheck .
They make it a big old game , however many of their fellows are starving and dying in the streets .
One more trip to the drive - up window at McDonald 's beats caring about the rest of us every time .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/27/2008 @ 7:07 am PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~
Do n't trip over the trangents and riff - raff . . . . .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Chi0ne1 said on 10/27/2008 @ 10:52 am PT ...
" Someone should tell Hitler . "
You people need to wake up .
Neocon - " liberal " with a new name .
Politics is the elites game , if you play you have to play by their rules .
I am from Texas and the elite ( rep and dem ) have been " stealing " elections long before electronic voting .
Wake up , this election process is an illusion .
The only vote that counts is Rockefeller 's or the " crown " .
The only choice we have is , which one of Bush 's cousin you want to " vote " for , Barky or son of Cain .
Why are most of the previous pres related to each other and the British / German crown ?
Wake up and look at the big picture , in other words long term instead of the short term memory mentality .
Whoever gets " elected " is only a puppet , 8 years of Bushy should tell you that .
If you are expecting " change " for the better you are in for a rude awakening .
Wake up , you are fighting each other instead of the real problem , the ones running the show behind the scenes .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 10/27/2008 @ 11:17 am PT ...
Chi0ne1 ~ " Someone should tell Hitler . "
I talked to him yesterday ...
He Knows ... and send you his regards . . .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... concerned said on 10/28/2008 @ 1:52 pm PT ...
Saw Mark Crispin Miller on PBS talking about this computer voter fraud .
His book proves it .
The name of the book is Loser Take All by Mark Crispin Miller .
During the P.B.S. interview he said there is nothing that can be done other then video it so after the fact it can be proven .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Chella Ann said on 10/29/2008 @ 12:16 pm PT ...
GOLDEN , Colo . ( October 14 , 2008 ) – Patients have on average a 70 percent lower chance of dying at the nation 's top-rated hospitals compared with the lowest - rated hospitals across 17 procedures and conditions analyzed in the eleventh annual HealthGrades Hospital Quality in America Study , issued today by HealthGrades , the leading independent healthcare ratings organization .
While overall death rates declined from 2005 to 2007 , the nation 's best - performing hospitals were able to reduce their death rates at a much faster rate than poorly performing hospitals , resulting in large state , regional and hospital - to - hospital variations in the quality of patient care , the study found .
HealthGrades Hospital Quality in America Study , also found that if all hospitals performed at the level of five - star rated hospitals , 237,420 Medicare dealths could potentially have been prevented over the three years studied .
More than half of those deaths were associated with four conditions : sepsis ( a life - threatening illness caused by systemic response to infection ) , pneumonia , heart failure and respiratory failure .
The HealthGrades study of patient outcomes at the nation 's approximately 5,000 hospitals is the most comprehensive annual study of its kind , analyzing more than 41 million Medicare hospitalization records from 2005 to 2007 .
The study examines procedures and conditions ranging from heart valve - replacement surgery to heart attack to pneumonia .
Based on the study , HealthGrades today made available its 2009 quality ratings for all nonfederal hospitals in the country at www.healthgrades.com, a Web site designed to help individuals research and compare local healthcare providers .
Full reports on death rate trends in each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia are available in the study .
And , for the first time , HealthGrades has released hospital death rates for the nation 's 15 largest metropolitan statistical areas : New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , Dallas , Philadelphia , Houston , Miami , Washington D.C. , Atlanta , Boston , Detroit , San Francisco , Phoenix , Riverside - Inland Empire ( CA ) and Seattle .
Large variation exists between major metropolitan areas .
" Geography should not be a major factor in patients ' outcomes .
If our nation 's hospitals are to close the quality gap and guarantee an equally high level of medical care for every patient , no matter where he or she lives , it will require a commitment by our nation and its communities to demand more from quality improvement , " said Samantha Collier , MD , HealthGrades ' chief medical officer and a study author .
" Until then , it is imperative that anyone seeking medical care at a hospital do their homework and know the hospital 's quality ratings before they check in . "
The study 's major findings are :
The nation 's inhospital risk - adjusted mortality rate improved , on average , 14.17 percent from 2005 to 2007 , but the degree of improvement varied widely by procedure and diagnosis studied ( range : 6.30 % to 20.94 % ) .
Five star - rated hospitals ' mortality rates continue to improve at a faster rate ( 13.18 % ) than 1 - or 3 - star hospitals ( 12.30 % and 13.14 % , respectively ) .
Large gaps persist between the " best " and the " worst " hospitals across all procedures and diagnoses studied .
Five star - rated hospitals had significantly lower risk - adjusted mortality across all three years studied .
Across all procedures and diagnoses studied , there was an approximate 70 percent lower chance of dying in a 5 - star rated hospital compared to a 1 - star rated hospital .
Across all procedures and diagnoses studied , there was an approximate 50 percent lower chance of dying in a 5 - star rated hospital compared to the U.S. hospital average .
If all hospitals performed at the level of a 5 - star rated hospital across the 17 procedures and diagnoses studied , 237,420 Medicare lives could have potentially been saved from 2005 to 2007 .
Fifty - four percent ( 128,749 ) of the potentially preventable deaths were associated with just four diagnoses : Sepsis , heart failure , pneumonia and respiratory failure .
Variation in risk - adjusted mortality exists not only at the national level but also at the state and regional levels .
The greatest quality differences between states occurred in hospital death rates for heart failure , pulmonary , stroke and cardiac surgery .
The region with the lowest overall risk - adjusted mortality rates was the East North Central region ( IL , IN , MI , OH , and WI ) , while the East South Central region ( AL , KY , MS , and TN ) had the highest mortality rates .
The East North Central region ( IL , IN , MI , OH , and WI ) , had the highest percentage of best - performing hospitals at 26 percent .
Less than seven percent of hospitals within the New England region ( CT , MA , ME , NH , RI , and VT ) were top - performing hospitals .
In the study 's analysis of hospital death rates , the following 17 procedures and conditions were analyzed : bowel obstruction , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , coronary bypass surgery , coronary interventional procedures ( angioplasty / stent ) , diabetic acidosis and coma , gastrointestinal bleed , gastrointestinal surgeries and procedures , heart attack , heart failure , pancreatitis , pneumonia , pulmonary embolism , resection / replacement of the abdominal aorta , respiratory failure , sepsis , stroke , and valve replacement surgery .
The full study , along with its methodology and state - by - state hospital - quality statistics , can be found at www.healthgrades.com.
Source : HealthGrades
At a closed - door briefing last week , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff discussed his agency 's plans to implement the Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative with a small group of bloggers and journalists .
Chertoff waxed enthusiastic about plans to develop rapid - response intrusion countermeasures and the need to change the way we think about identity verification — but also seemed at pains to allay fears that DHS would take a Big Brother approach to securing the Internet .
Alarm bells sounded for many earlier this year when Director of National Intelligence Mike McConnell told The New Yorker that the government would require broad powers to monitor all Internet traffic in order to secure the nation 's critical information infrastructure .
But Chertoff outlined a far more modest agenda , saying that his agency 's primary goal would be to " get control of the dot - gov domain , " and insisting that government involvement in securing private networks would be strictly by invitation .
DHS head Michael Chertoff speaks to the press
" The architecture of the Internet and the culture of the Internet is one where I 'd be very careful before I suggested the government ought to ... intrude in a bigger way , " said Chertoff .
" We have a history in this country of everybody says let ’s do a lot , pass a lot of laws ... and then everybody repents at leisure .
The Internet , maybe more than any other place , has a distinctive culture that you do n’t want to break in order to protect .
So , my suggestion has been we proceed in a voluntary way and we proceed in a 21st century kind of collaborative way . "
As evidence of that approach , Chertoff cited the appointment of cybersecurity czar Rod Beckstrom , a tech entrepreneur who the secretary described as " attuned to a different culture of operating with the private sector than the command - and - control culture of the 20th century . "
So what will DHS be doing with over $ 300 billion — more than the Department had requested — allocated to cybersecurity ?
While a " big piece " of that funding is classified , Chertoff said that much of it would go toward upgrading the government 's Einstein intrusion detection software .
Homeland Security , the secretary said , is looking to hire " over 100 people in the pipeline that we 're trying to bring on , that 's programmers and people who can actually operate Einstein . "
For the moment , that means upgrading from Einstein 1.0 , an after - the - fact intrusion analysis engine , to Einstein 2.0 , which would provide realtime warnings of penetration attempts , " like a traffic cop sitting on the highway " who " can immediately call in and say someone with license plate X - Y - Z is speeding , and give warning . "
The next step — Einstein 3.0 — entails " turning it from a passive detection to an active detection device , active meaning that we would have the ability to actually stop an attack as opposed to merely warn about an attack . "
The next iteration of the software , Chertoff hopes , will be able to automatically detect a hacking attempt and block it on the spot .
DHS also hopes to give the traffic cop fewer highways to monitor .
" Every 45 days , " said Chertoff , " we are reducing by half and consolidating the number of Internet connections " used by government computers .
Starting from thousands of gateways to the Internet , Chertoff hopes to get .gov down to " a hundred or two . "
When it came to the security risk posed by the government 's own penchant for compiling vast databases , Chertoff offered some obvious steps that could be taken to protect sensitive personal data .
He suggested that agencies might " house it in different databases and be able to pulse the databases to get a validation up / down , which is sometimes called the ping system , as opposed to having it all pulled together in a database . "
But he also argued that a broader shift in American security practices was required to make those data hoards less attractive to thieves .
" We need to change from a model in which your assets are controlled by your , for example , your Social Security number , which is a very weak way to control your assets , to a way in which your assets are controlled by some combination of a biometric , a token , and maybe some secret knowledge that is n't kept in a database , " said Chertoff .
" You want to move away from a model which I consider inherently vulnerable , where the very information that you ’re trying to protect is the information you have to disseminate in order to validate yourself . "
Reporters and bloggers who met with Chertoff were required to submit their own Social Security Numbers for a background check .
No DNA sample was extracted , however .
Imagine racing slot cars and determining the speed of the music using the speed of the cars .
You would mix and sample different Vinyl Record Music and using separate slot cars , you can rearrange tunes and playlists by racing against your friends .
That is the kind of idea I can see this design from Yuri Suzuki develop into .
There are many hobbyists who enjoy slot cars racing on their free time .
They have fun collecting the different cars , changing their look and performance and also learning how to control the speeds to either win a race or beat their best time .
This design combines vinyl records with slot car racing , or at least that is what I took from it .
They actually break apart a Vinyl record , rearrange it as a racing track , and using modded slot cars with installed speakers , replay the record .
The video below demonstrates this concept but proves they are neither master DJ ’s nor avid slot cars racers .
Think about what kind of music combination you can build if you actually rearranged the broken Vinyl Records in a feasible and audible order .
What if you build a multi- record track and have numerous slot cars playing different tunes at the same time .
It seems that if you combine this designer with someone that knows how to mix music , you would be able to efficiently race slot cars , mix music , and create many different musical tracks by learning how to control the speed , volume , and turns .
Via : Yanko Design
Sixty children were killed in air strikes by US - led coalition warplanes in western Afghanistan last week , a UN investigation has found .
UN investigators said they discovered " convincing evidence " that a total of 90 Afghan civilians died in the incident .
The toll , potentially the worst since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 , could wreck relations between the Afghan government and the Nato - led coalition forces , which were already under severe strain over civilian casualties and strategy in the counter - insurgency against the Taliban .
The government of President Hamid Karzai has ordered that any military operation by foreign forces on its territory will be subject to a new set of rules enforceable under international law .
Kai Eide , the UN special envoy to Afghanistan who ordered the investigation , said the incident could undermine the faith of the Afghan people in international efforts to stabilise the country .
Military sources said the air strikes last Thursday on the Shindand district of Herat province were carried out not by the Nato force attempting to bolster Karzai 's government , but as part of a parallel US mission targeting al - Qaida and Taliban militants , called Operation Enduring Freedom ( OEF ) .
US officials initially said that the air strikes were aimed at a Taliban stronghold and had killed 30 jihadis .
An OEF spokesman in Kabul said last night that an investigation into the incident had been launched last Saturday and was still under way .
In his report , Eide said investigators from the UN Assistance Mission in Afghanistan ( Unama ) found that up to eight houses in the village of Nawabad had been destroyed in the raids and many others damaged .
" Investigations by Unama found convincing evidence , based on the testimony of eyewitnesses , and others , that some 90 civilians were killed , including 60 children , 15 women and 15 men .
Fifteen other villagers were wounded or otherwise injured , " Eide wrote .
" This is matter of grave concern to the United Nations , I have repeatedly made clear that the safety and welfare of civilians must be considered above all else during the planning and conduct of all military operations .
The impact of such operations undermines the trust and confidence of the Afghan people in efforts to build a just , peaceful , and law - abiding state . "
Humayun Hamidzada , a spokesman for the Afghan president , said Karzai had ordered that all foreign military operations be governed by an internationally enforceable " status of forces agreement " .
" The patience of the Afghan people has run out .
We no longer can afford to see the killing of our children , " Hamidzada said .
The incident comes at a fraught time for western forces in Afghanistan , after a week of high casualties and deep splits within Nato on sharing the burden of the Afghan conflict .
Eide was appointed to bring some coordination to the international community 's disparate efforts .
But last night he warned that those efforts were in danger of being crippled by public mistrust .
In a harshly worded statement , he said : " I want to remind all parties engaged in the conflict that the protection of civilians must be their primary concern ; they must respect their duties under international humanitarian and human rights law to protect the people we are here to serve . "
Roman Polanski knew what he was doing when he named his 1984 memoir Roman .
Fortuitously , the word also means " novel " in French – the Polish film - maker was born in Paris – and his life has had the hectic fullness of a nightmare picaresque narrative .
Polanski's mother died in Auschwitz ; the young Roman escaped the Cracow ghetto , foraging to survive .
Working in Poland and Britain , he made some of the defining films of the 1960s – Knife in the Water , Repulsion , Cul - de-sac .
He and his wife , the American actress Sharon Tate , became one of that decade 's golden showbusiness couples .
Polanski went to Hollywood and , in 1968 , made a film that still figures as one of the darkest in the horror canon , Rosemary 's Baby .
Then came real - life horror – the murder of Tate , over eight months pregnant , by members of Charles Manson 's " family " .
Polanski endured , although many wondered how , and no doubt disapproved of his continued ability to function .
But function he did : in Chinatown ( 1974 ) , he created one of the severest of latter - day films noirs , and arguably Los Angeles 's most unforgiving cinematic take on its own history .
But in March 1977 , Polanski , then aged 44 , made the fateful mistake that hangs on him to this day .
He had been commissioned by Vogue Hommes to take a series of photographs of adolescent girls : he wanted to show them , he says in Roman , as " sexy , pert , and thoroughly human " .
Polanski was introduced to a 13 - year - old named Samantha Gailey , and they met to shoot some photos outdoors .
They met again on 10 March for some indoor shots , and ended up at the Mulholland Drive house of Polanski 's friend Jack Nicholson , who was away .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Champagne was drunk , though accounts vary as to how much ; Gailey claimed that Polanski gave her a Quaalude , the modish prescription drug of the time ; they both ended up undressed in the Jacuzzi .
Sex followed , but exactly under what circumstances only the two of them know for sure .
Polanski expressed it tersely in his book : " She was n't unresponsive . "
Gailey 's account differed : three decades later , she recalled , " It was not consensual sex by any means ...
It was very scary and , looking back , very creepy . "
Polanski was subsequently arrested and indicted on six counts : among them , perversion , sodomy and rape by use of drugs .
What happened next – rather than what happened between Polanski and Gailey – is the subject of a new documentary , Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired , that screens next Sunday ( 12 October ) in BBC2's Storyville strand .
The film is not primarily about any perversion imputed to Polanski , but about a perversion of justice that , says its director Marina Zenovich , prevented both Gailey and Polanski the chance of a fair hearing .
Using interviews and archive footage , Zenovich 's film traces the legal machinations that culminated in Polanski fleeing LA on a plane to France , where he remains to this day , still risking arrest if he travels abroad .
Zenovich became intrigued by the case in 2003 , when she saw Gailey – now Samantha Geimer – with her lawyer on a TV talk show .
" The lawyer said that the day Polanski fled was a sad day for the American judicial system . "
Precisely what that means , Zenovich argues , is that " Polanski fled because the rug was pulled out from under him .
He was promised something and then the judge changed his mind . "
The key figure in the film , arguably , is neither Polanski nor Geimer , but Judge Laurence J Rittenband , who had presided over such celebrity cases as Elvis and Priscilla Presley 's divorce .
Rittenband , who died in 1993 , emerges from the documentary as a bon viveur who divided his time between the courtroom and his country club , and who relished showbiz connections .
And , Zenovich adds , " I find great irony in the fact that he had a girlfriend 30 years younger than him . "
Hoping to preserve Geimer 's anonymity , her attorney Lawrence Silver arranged for Polanski to plea- bargain , to keep the case from going to trial .
Accordingly , Polanski pleaded guilty to the lowest of the counts against him , unlawful sexual intercourse .
A probation report recommended against a custodial sentence , but Rittenband decreed that Polanski should have a spell undergoing " ' diagnostic study " at Chino State Prison .
However , he agreed to defer Polanski's custody to allow him to work on his next project , an action epic called Hurricane .
At this point , Polanski made a massive tactical gaffe : on a trip to Europe , he allowed himself to be photographed , cigar in hand and surrounded by young women , at the Munich Oktoberfest .
Rittenband was furious ; when Polanski returned to LA , he was sent straight to Chino .
Polanski was released after 42 days of his 90 - day term , but here the story gets complicated .
Polanski had been led to believe by Rittenband that after Chino , his time behind bars would be over .
However , the judge was overheard boasting at his country club that he would put Polanski away " for 100 years " .
This was just part of Rittenband 's bizarre behaviour .
We learn from Zenovich 's film that the judge , anxious to impress on the media that he was in control of proceedings , twice proposed to prosecuting Assistant District Attorney Roger Gunson and to Polanski 's defence lawyer Douglas Dalton that they should plead their cases to him , after which he would pronounce a sentence that he had decided beforehand – in effect , amounting to a mock trial .
We learn that Rittenband was inordinately influenced by publicity , and that , quite inappropriately , he solicited other people 's advice on how he should act : one of them , reporter Richard Brenneman , who was startled to be asked , " What the hell do I do with Polanski ? "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
In the documentary , Geimer says of Rittenband , " He did n't care what happened to me , and he did n't care what happened to Polanski .
He was orchestrating some little show ' that I did n't want to be in . "
Even Gunson comments – and this is the prosecutor , mark you – " I 'm not surprised that [ Polanski ] left under those circumstances . "
Zenovich stresses that her film is about the law case itself , rather than the encounter between Polanski and Geimer .
" I honestly feel that no one can ever know exactly what happened that night between them , " she says .
" I did n't want to make a film about that – I 'm not Fox News . "
But her carefully constructed film is startling in what it reveals about the US legal system , in which the execution of justice can apparently fall prey to the vagaries of a judge susceptible to media pressure .
Rittenband was eventually removed from the Polanski case , but was heard declaring , when he stepped down from the bench in 1989 , that he would get Polanski yet .
The film is also revealing about changing perceptions of Roman Polanski .
He was , the film suggests , viewed in the US at the time as smacking of brimstone , cursed or even somewhat satanic himself – because of Tate 's death , because of the subject of Rosemary 's Baby , because of his bohemian repute as a European hedonist .
He was seen by the press , says Brenneman , as a " malignant twisted dwarf with this dark vision " .
The title of Zenovich 's film comes from the contention of a friend of Polanski that the director is wanted in the US , but desired – respected , lionised – in Europe ; as witness , footage of Polanski 's induction into the lofty Académie Française .
Further evidence of his mythic status on this side of the Atlantic is his appearance in the new Italian film Quiet Chaos : when the director , playing a tycoon , steps out of his limo for a last - minute cameo , you 'd think a god had descended .
Polanski's revered status , and friends ' testimonies to his " appetite for life " do n't affect the facts of the Geimer case ; besides , the case is not being tried in Zenovich 's film .
But does Polanski emerge from the documentary , if not lily - white , then effectively absolved ?
Not everyone thinks so : a reviewer at the LA Weekly felt that " Polanski comes off as a whiny , self - styled victim and a liar " .
Zenovich confesses to being a fan of the director , but insists she did n't set out to present a sympathetic view .
" I was very conscious of keeping my opinions out of it – my type of film - making is more to step away and let you judge . "
But she believes her film has given the case a degree of closure .
" It was n't my intention , but I think this film helped everyone heal a little bit .
Has Polanski said that to me ?
No , but I would guess so . "
Polanski himself appears in the documentary only in archive footage .
Zenovich asked to interview him but he declined .
Later , as the film was nearing completion , she tried again , and met Polanski in Paris .
" He said no , [ that ] it would look like self - promotion . "
But Polanski did watch the documentary when it screened in Cannes in May ; his response was positive , Zenovich says , though " with Polanski , you never get a lot .
I do n't know how much of a hot - button topic it would be if he ever came out and said , ' I 'm really sorry I did this . '
He did to an extent , but he 's reserved on that front : he 's not American .
When I met him I said , ' The American public needs you to apologise . '
It 's true – look at Hugh Grant going on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno [ after being caught with prostitute Divine Brown ] .
It 's kind of gross , but that 's what this culture wants . "
As far as Geimer is concerned , the case is closed : Polanski settled out of court with her in 1993 .
She now lives and works in Hawaii , has been married for 18 years and has three children .
She finally went public in the US in 1997 , appearing on TV and forgiving Polanski .
She also made a statement in the LA Times in 2003 , saying the film - maker should be allowed to return to the US : the longer he remained a fugitive , she said , the longer she would have to live with the story .
Zenovich was impressed by Geimer when they met : " Everyone is so caught up in what happened , and she 's the one it happened to , and she got past it . "
Zenovich 's film may seem to wrap up aspects of its subject , but only to a degree .
The film ends with a caption stating that in 1997 , Dalton and Gunson re-presented the case to another judge , who said that if he returned to the US , Polanski would face no more custody – as long as the proceedings were televised .
Polanski declined .
The Los Angeles Supreme Court has since contested Zenovich 's claim , while Dalton and Gunson have issued a statement backing her .
The judge concerned , Zenovich points out , is Larry Paul Fidler , who presided over the recent Phil Spector trial .
" There were cameras in the courtroom for that , " she notes .
Meanwhile , in July this year , on the basis of Zenovich 's revelations about Rittenband inappropriately taking advice , Polanski and Dalton asked the LA District Attorney 's office to review the case .
This could all run and run – as could Polanski 's courtroom career .
Three years ago , Polanski won £ 50,000 in damages in a British high court over claims in Vanity Fair that he had attempted to seduce a woman in a New York restaurant , en route to Sharon Tate 's funeral .
He described the allegation as " the worst thing ever said about me " .
In recent years , Polanski 's professional repute has at last come to eclipse the layers of scandal surrounding him .
His 2002 Holocaust drama The Pianist took the Palme d'Or in Cannes , then won him the Academy Award for Best Director .
Meanwhile , Polanski remains in France , and has been married since 1989 to Emmanuelle Seigner , star of his thriller Frantic , with whom he has two children .
When I interviewed him in Paris in 1995 , he told me , " When I think about certain events of the past , I think , Christ , I should not have done this or that , and then I think – but I would not be where I am today .
That 's the irony of it .
Turning the corner one block too late or too early changes completely your future .
I find myself where I am and I 'm glad , as I like my life now . "
It sounds like a happy ending , although the Vanity Fair trial , and Zenovich 's film , suggest that some wounds have a habit of re-opening with the years .
' Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired ' is on BBC2 on 12 October .
' Quiet Chaos ' is released on 24 October
Types of Anarchism
There are many ways one could classify the various schools of anarchism .
One could look at transitional plans , preferred types of association or community , or even target audience .
However , the most important and contentious issue in modern anarchism is economics .
In particular justice in property and justice in trade .
The following table shows how two simple questions about property can categorize the bulk of anarchist thought .
Categories of
Anarchism Should cost be the limit of price ?
( Is profit wrong / exploitative ? )
Yes No Should natural
resources
be private
property ?
Yes No Individualist anarchism Anarcho - capitalism Libertarian socialism Geoanarchism
Anarchism arose in the throes of the industrial revoltion .
The liberals brought love of liberty and human rights to the table , the socialists brought exploitation theory and a critique of existing property arrangements .
They both brought a healthy disdain for the State , and ideas about federalization and self - rule .
Two men , a radical French philosopher and a practical American yankee , worked out the theory and practice of anarchism unbeknownst to each other in the early to mid-1800's .
Pierre Proudhon shocked the literati with his essay " What is Property . "
Meanwhile , Josiah Warren had already implemented a time store and anarchist communities .
Mutualism was a movement whose time had come , and the anti-statist part of this movement was the original anarchism .
Shortly after , the German philosopher Max Stirner presented his rational egoist philosophy in " The Ego and Its Own " ( 1844 ) also translated as " The Individual and His Property . "
Stirner was semi-anarchist - he denied the legitimacy of the State ( and rights , and gods , and even morality ) , but he did not oppose the existence of the State or seek to abolish it .
Nevertheless , his egoism and individualism was extremely influential to later anarchists , particularly individualist anarchists and ( via Ayn Rand ) anarcho - capitalists .
The socialist anarchists took Proudhon 's critique of property as their main theme .
Michael Bakunin soon became the movement leader , with a collectivist turn from Proudhon 's private possession mutualism .
Bakunin 's socialist anarchism ( called generally " libertarian socialism " ) developed into several sub - branches , depending on the vision for change .
Kropotkin's anarcho - communism borders on primitivism in its notion of local collective life ; Anarcho - syndicalism sees industrial workers as the key players , and simultaneous " general " strikes as a major weapon .
The individualist anarchists took Proudhon 's individualism to heart , with its private property , but also Proudhon 's exploitation theory - the labor theory of value .
Mutualists are basically capitalists who think making a profit ( from rent , labor , or interest ) is wrong .
They support the right to profit - they would not use force against a profiteer - but they consider it a vice and only possible due to government monopoly or privilege .
Individualist anarchists generally either take a natural rights position or rely on Stirnerite egoism .
Just as mutualism predates Proudhon , Georgism predates Henry George .
For those who hold this position , land ( and all natural resources ) are not man-made , so they can not be owned .
The theory that labor creates ownership and land is " commons " goes back to Locke , and was supported by Adam Smith , Tom Paine , Thomas Jefferson and many others .
The Georgist idea is that people should pay rent to the community for land they use .
When Georgism met with Oppenheimer 's anti-statist sociology , the result was Geoanarchism .
The whole logic of laissez - faire capitalism leads to anarchism , and the same can be said for liberalism .
As Thoreau eloquently wrote :
" I heartily accept the motto , ' That government is best which governs least ; ' and I should like to see it acted up to more rapidly and systematically .
Carried out , it finally amounts to this , which I also believe - that government is best which governs not at all . "
Anarcho - capitalism takes the economics of the Austrian School , the politics of individualist anarchists , the anti-war and anti-socialist agenda of Old Right geoanarchists , and spinkles on objectivist egoism to taste .
Property Systems Property is a relationship between people regarding a scarce good .
Denying the validity of the State , anarchists consider all property as allodial .
The following property qualification types address who may hold property and how can it be transferred to a new owner .
Who May Own
pure property - anyone or any group may own
community property - the community collectively is permanent non-transferrable owner
corporate property - only certain collectives or types of collectives may own
caste property - only certain types of people may own
How Transferred
contract property - owner retains ownership until he agrees to alienate
possession property - owner loses ownership upon non-use or abandonment
These are the property types favored by the four anarchist schools :
If the RIAA were a common street thug , here ’s how things would go .
It would jump an innocent old lady , stomp her within an inch of her life , and then , when she screamed for mercy , it would file a motion asking the nearest court to sanction her for wasting its time .
Seriously , you ai n’t gonna believe this shizzle :
The Recording Industry Association of America is declaring attorney - blogger Ray Beckerman a “ vexatious ” litigator .
The association is seeking unspecified monetary sanctions to punish him in his defense of a New York woman accused of making copyrighted music available on the Kazaa file sharing system .
The RIAA said Beckerman , one of the nation ’s few attorneys who defends accused file sharers , “ has maintained an anti-recording industry blog during the course of this case and has consistently posted virtually every one of his baseless motions on his blog seeking to bolster his public relations campaign and embarrass plaintiffs , ” the RIAA wrote ( . pdf ) in court briefs .
“ Such vexatious conduct demeans the integrity of these judicial proceedings and warrants this imposition of sanctions . ”
Another defense attorney notes that “ the RIAA ’s motion comes from the same organization that has sued about 30,000 people over the last five years for file sharing , some of them falsely .
It ’s the same organization , he said , that has sued dead people , the elderly and even children — all while using unlicensed investigators . ”
Maybe I ’m just failing to understand what the RIAA means by “ vexatious . ”
I mean , I ’m not an overglorified ambulance chaser or anything .
But if I were being sued for file sharing – especially if I had n’t done it – and they were asking for $ 150,000 per track , then I might indeed be a little vexed .
But I do n’t think that ’s what they mean .
So today , Scholars and Rogues salutes you , Mr. RIAA Lawyer , for doing all in your power to suck the soul completely out of America , reducing it to an artistic ghost town where all the CDs are by Avril Lavigne and all the radio stations are programmed in a suite in downtown Los Angeles by men in Armani suits bragging about their backstage passes to see Celine Dion .
As a great American once said , “ suck it . ”
And Mr. Beckerman , you have our full support – may your opponents drown in a sea of frivolous motions .
Finally , on a related note , Metallica ’s career is now officially over .
Thanks to Rho for the story tip and fikshun for the pic .
Flash Crash 2015 Style : Did You Miss It ?
When markets opened on Monday , August 24 , a slew of sell orders were already lined up , causing many computer systems to go haywire .
Many brokers were locked out , and with market makers and specialists unwilling to take action , we saw enormous bid / ask spreads , stops being hit at very low levels , and frozen markets .
This alloccurred at the opening bell , and it ...
Read more »
Got a ‘ Chip and a Chair ’ ?
Then You ’re Still in the Game !
There is a great story of luck and persistence about Jack ‘ Treetop ’ Strauss .
A towering figure , Strauss was an accomplished poker pro .
In 1982 he was playing in the World Series of Poker , having made his third final table of his career ( he finished second to legend Johnny Moss in 1971 ) .
So as legend has it , during the second day of the ...
Read more »
Will the Fed ’s Experiment End Badly ?
Put together these ingredients :
The biggest weekly market decline in two years , the winding down of earnings season , and a light week for economic data .
The result ?
Financial TV producers will be seeking experts to explain whether we are starting a major correction .
Analyzing the Fed will be a favorite theme .
Unless and until we get a bit of a rebound in stocks , ... Read more »
Stock Corrections : How Bad Can They Be And What Can We Do? 2013-2014 : Not A Good Benchmark
It has not been difficult to find “ as long as the Fed is in charge , we will never have another serious correction ” comments in recent weeks .
The July 31 selloff in risk assets may have brought some back closer to reality .
Key points regarding the real world and investment stress :
If you are relatively new to the investing ...
Read more »
Can Earnings Growth Reignite the Stock Rally ?
To the surprise of many observers , stocks have survived a series of recent challenges .
As Q214 earnings reports starts begin , the questions has changed : Can strong corporate earnings spark a renewed rally in stocks ?
Prior Theme Recap
Two weeks ago I expected that speculation about a market correction would dominate the time before earnings season began .
This ...
Read more »
Is Recent Volatility Cause For Concern ?
Earnings : A Big Role
This Week Before we get into the subject of recent volatility , it is important to understand the primary market driver in the days ahead – earnings .
From The Wall Street Journal : Twelve Dow industrials components and 146 S&P 500 companies are set to post earnings this week , including Apple , Microsoft and Ford , according to FactSet . ... Read more »
By Dave Lindorff
What nobody in the corporate media is mentioning amid all the blather about the $ 700 - billion Paulson bailout proposal is the impact it will have on the US dollar .
We are told that this huge gift to the financial sector — the assumption , at top dollar , of all the bad debt they ’ve piled up -- will be at taxpayer expense , but that ’s only the half of it .
( Really only the quarter of it because since the US government is technically bankrupt already , spending more than it takes in each year , all that money will be borrowed , and will be added to the national debt , meaning that just as the real cost of the $ 500 - billion Iraq
War is closer to $ 2 trillion , the real cost of the $ 700 billion bailout will be more like $ 1.5 - 2.5 trillion . )
But besides the direct bill handed to taxpayers for this gigantic con , there is the fact that adding that much to the national debt is also going to drive the dollar down precipitously against foreign currencies .
We ’re already seeing that happen , even while they ’re just talking about the bailout .
The dollar is falling against all major currencies — the Euro , the Yen , the Renminbi and the British pound .
And it will continue to fall as the details of the bailout come out .
This will add to already powerful pressures in countries like Saudi Arabia and China , which hold huge quantities of US dollars and US dollar - denominated debt , to shift out of dollars and into other currencies — particularly the Euro and the Yen .
Last week , an article in China ’s People ’s Daily , which like Pravda in the old Soviet Union , is the official voice of the leadership in China , called for just such a move .
Russia is also calling for an end to the dollar as the underpinning of the global economy .
For some years now , many economists have been predicting an end to the dollar as the world ’s reserve currency , but this latest plan by the US Treasury will push such a shift forward from “ some day ” to “ now . ”
As long as the dollar has been the reserve currency — the currency in which key commodities like gold or oil were priced , and the currency that exporting nations stocked in their treasuries as a store of value – it was protected against collapse .
But once it loses that status , there will be nothing to prop it up any longer , and it will quickly slide to a value that it deserves .
We got an inkling of what is going to happen today , as crude oil prices leapt in the course of one hour by 25 % , the biggest jump in the history of the oil market .
This was purely a move caused by loss of confidence in the dollar .
There was no oil supply disruption .
In fact , demand for oil has been sinking as the economic crisis grows .
Oil producers and traders simply realized that the dollar is going poof , so they radically jacked up the cost of oil in dollars .
If you want to see what where the dollar is headed , , look to the currencies of the debtor nations — countries like Mexico or perhaps Mozambique .
A nation that makes almost nothing , and that imports most of its needs , cannot have a strong currency .
This might not matter much if we had a functioning domestic economy , where people could find the goods and services they needed without turning to sources from abroad .
A big country like the US could simply turn inward and function on by its own domestic economic standards .
I remember back when the former Soviet Union was in a state of economic and political free fall in the early and mid 1990s , the currencies of the constituent countries , like Russia , Ukraine and Belarus had had collapsed to virtual worthlessness on the international market .
A Byelorussian friend , an engineering professor from Minsk , living and working near me in China at the time , explained that although when he traveled the world , he felt like a pauper , things were n’t so bad back home Belarus , where he and his family would go in the summer .
“ My apartment only costs a few dollars a month to rent , ” he explained , “ and our food is bought on the local market using rubles , so it is very affordable . ”
The same was true for other needs , like clothing and books for school , he explained .
The only problem was buying gas for his Russian Volga .
“ Gas , ” he explained , “ is priced as an international commodity , so it takes me one month ’s wages in Belarus to buy the gas to drive once to and from our country dacha . ”
You can start to see the problem .
Since agriculture has been killed off in most of the US , in favor of giant agribusiness enterprises situated in the western part of the country and some parts of the Midwest , most people elsewhere will not have local produce available , and the cost of transporting food from California to places like New York or Pennsylvania will be prohibitive once the dollar collapses , since oil is priced internationally .
Meanwhile , goods like TV sets , computers , phones , cars ( or at least the key components of cars ) , clothing , etc. , are no longer even made in the US , and will thus be completely unaffordable .
As for the service jobs that are supposed to have replaced our old manufacturing sector , no one will be interested in buying what they ’re offering , because they ’ll be scrimping just to buy the key staples they need to survive , so of course joblessness will soar .
Eventually , of course , entrepreneurially minded people will begin establishing local farms again where they once flourished generations ago , and small factories will be built to provide key essentials , but all this will take time , and will have to cater to a market of people operating at a much lower standard of living .
The banking sector , meanwhile , which is the proximate cause of this monumental disaster , wo n’t mind any of this , for it will continue operating on the international stage , shifting its focus to lending money ( no longer dollars , though ) , to growing economies in Asia and Latin America and eastern Europe .
And this is what , in truth , the “ rescue ” of Wall Street is all about .
It ’s not about saving Main Street , as Paulson claims .
Main Street , under the bailout , is toast .
It ’s about helping the banks and investment banks and insurance companies that brought on this crisis to ride it out in style , their astronomical losses bankrolled or absorbed by the American public , so that they can shift their operations overseas and continue with their rape and pillage of the global economy .
The US will be left behind , a smoking ruin , with Americans , like Weimar Germans before them , going shopping with wheelbarrows full of worthless green paper to exchange for a few days ’ groceries .
_____________
DAVE LINDORFF is a Philadelphia - based journalist and columnist .
His latest book is " The Case for Impeachment " ( St. Martin 's Press , 2006 and now available in paperback edition ) .
His work is available at www.thiscantbehappening.net
Exelon , the electric company based in Chicago , will promise on Tuesday to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 by an amount larger than its total emissions in 2008 , in a bid to shape the debate on carbon dioxide rules and to get a jump on compliance .
Many academic researchers and nonprofit groups have made proposals for cutting emissions , but Exelon ’s will be an unusual public presentation devised by a company that hopes to make money in the process .
The plan relies heavily on conservation and having existing nuclear plants produce more power , but it includes smaller contributions from wind and sun energy .
The reductions in greenhouse gas emissions will come by making Exelon ’s operations more efficient , cutting the energy use of its electricity customers and building low - carbon generators that would displace older , less - efficient plants , many operated by rivals , the company said .
One reason for the pledge is to seek credit for actions that cut emissions of other companies , said Exelon ’s chairman and chief executive , John W. Rowe .
Worst President Ever
This is a song for the free people of the world .
George W. Bush has said that despite his dismal approval ratings and failed policies that history will have the final word on his presidency .
We felt that we should do our part to make sure that history gets it right .
Funk Vigilante is a funk - metal band formed in the summer of 2008 .
We make funky protest poetry with a heavy dose of hardcore .
Please spread the music around if you like it .
Peace ,
- Ghosty Boy -
As a Texas oilman and major contributor to the Republican Party , you ’ve just launched yourself , at 80 , into green stardom by devising an energy plan that relies mainly on wind power .
How does it feel to be in the company of Al Gore , Nancy Pelosi and other leading Democrats ?
If they ’re on my side , that ’s good .
We ’re working on a nonpolitical venture here .
Why do you think your energy plan is superior to others ’ plans ?
My dad once said to me , “ Son , a fool with a plan can beat a genius with no plan . ”
I ’ve used that here in this plan that I have  I ’m the only one with a plan .
Nobody else has a plan .
What about President Bush ’s plan ?
Just last month he lifted the executive ban on drilling for oil in offshore areas .
Yeah , but that ’s not going to fix our problem .
I do n’t call that a plan .
You ’ve got to cut the imports , because if you ’re importing 70 percent of your oil , you have a security problem .
Can you imagine how crippled the country would be if you had it cut off ?
Your plan calls for harnessing the breezes in the wind corridor that runs from West Texas up to Canada .
What about the two coasts ?
People do n’t generally want it on the coast .
Nara Dreamland
Nara , Japan
Official Website : http://www.nara-dreamland.co.jp/
Click HERE to read our Nara Dreamland Trip Report .
Click HERE to see our Japan trip video segments .
Click on a park below to see our complete photo update :
Tokyo Disneyland Tokyo DisneySea Sega Joypolis Tobu Zoo Park Fuji-Q Highland Tokyo Summerland Toshimaen Yomiuriland
LaQua Nagashima Spaland Universal Studios Japan Expoland Hirakata Park Festival Gate Nara Dreamland
Parque Espana Sea Paradise Yokohama Cosmoworld Japan Update Home !
Nara Dreamland is a park we were VERY curious to visit .
Some say it 's a ' knock off ' of Disneyland ,
and we were told it was very similar .
Have a look at what bizarre things we found at this " Alternate Universe Disneyland " ....
Nara was a pretty easy trip from Nagoya .
We found some pretty bizarre things in the vending machines at Nara Station .
Walking out of the station we were like " um ... this does n't look like the best area ... are we in the right place ? ? "
Low and behold , the taxi guy took us to the park !
Robb looks excited as we are about to enter this strange park .
From the parking lot , it kind of looks like a ghost town .
As if we just stumbled upon someplace that was closed .
It was n't .
Upon entering , it looks JUST like Disneyland !
This is freaking weird !
And it looks REALLY nice !
We get past the train station to the main street area !
And there 's the castle !!!
From first glace , the park looks nice !
But wait .... take a closer look and most of the place looks like a dilapidated abandoned park .
Most of the stores are boarded up , trucks are parked on the streets .
It 's just bizarre .
But then you turn around and it looks nice !
" Wait a second ... is their castle BIGGER than the one at Disneyland ? "
" Holy S**T !
It is !!!! "
This is the bizarre thing - from here it IS alternate universe Disneyland !
There 's the Monorail , the skyway , the Matterhorn ,
and even the autopia is there !
Problem is the park really IS a total dump !
The park also has Aska , one of the best wooden coasters we 've been on .
It really does not fit at this park !
Click HERE to see Page Two of " Nara Dreamland " Photos
Click HERE to read our Japan Trip Planning Guide
Click HERE to read our Japan Trip Reports
I ’ve been a police officer for 25 years , and I never understood why someone would admit to a crime he or she did n’t commit .
Until I secured a false confession in a murder case .
I stepped into the interrogation room believing that we had evidence linking the suspect to the murder of a 34 - year - old federal employee in Washington .
I used standard , approved interrogation techniques -- no screaming or threats , no physical abuse , no 12 - hour sessions without food or water .
Many hours later , I left with a solid confession .
At first , the suspect could n’t tell us anything about the murder , and she professed her innocence .
As the interrogation progressed , she became more cooperative , and her confession included many details of the crime .
The suspect said she had beaten the man to death and dumped his body by a river .
She said she made purchases with the victim ’s credit card and tried to withdraw cash using his ATM card .
Surveillance video from the ATM showed a woman who resembled the suspect , and an expert said the signature on the credit card receipts was consistent with the suspect ’s handwriting .
Even the suspect ’s attorney later told me that she believed her client was guilty , based on the confession .
Confident in our evidence and the confession , we charged her with first - degree murder .
Advertisement
Then we discovered that the suspect had an ironclad alibi .
We subpoenaed sign - in / sign - out logs from the homeless shelter where she lived , and the records proved that she could not have committed the crime .
The case was dismissed , but all of us still believed she was involved in the murder .
After all , she had confessed .
Even though it was n’t our standard operating procedure in the mid-1990s , when the crime occurred , we had videotaped the interrogation in its entirety .
Reviewing the tapes years later , I saw that we had fallen into a classic trap .
We ignored evidence that our suspect might not have been guilty , and during the interrogation we inadvertently fed her details of the crime that she repeated back to us in her confession .
If we had n’t discovered and verified the suspect ’s alibi -- or if we had n’t recorded the interrogation -- she probably would have been convicted of first - degree murder and would be in prison today .
The true perpetrator of the crime was never identified , partly because the investigation was derailed when we focused on an innocent person .
The case was a turning point for me , personally and professionally .
I still work as a police officer in Washington , but I also teach a class on interrogations and false confessions , and I work with law enforcement agencies nationwide to help them prevent false confessions .
Advertisement
I ’ve learned that this is a nationwide problem .
Of the 220 wrongful convictions in the U.S. that have been overturned based on DNA evidence , nearly 25 % involved a false confession or false incriminating statements , according to the Innocence Project .
In each of those cases , DNA proved that the confession was false .
Threats and coercion sometimes lead innocent people to confess , but even the calmest , most standardized interrogations can lead to a false confession or admission .
Those who are mentally ill or mentally disabled may be particularly vulnerable , but anyone can be dazed when confronted by police officers who claim to hold unshakable evidence of one ’s guilt .
Some confess to crimes because they want to please authority figures or to protect another person .
Some actually come to believe they are guilty , or confess to do penance for some unrelated bad behavior .
Innocent people come to believe that they will receive a harsher sentence -- even the death penalty -- if they do n’t confess .
Videotaping interrogations is proved to decrease wrongful convictions based on false confessions .
When the entire interrogation is recorded , attorneys , judges and juries can see exactly what led to a confession .
Police officers become better interviewers over time , as they review tapes of their interrogations , and confessions are easier to defend in court .
The only police officers I ’ve met who do n’t embrace recording interrogations are those who have never done it .
Too many police officers still wrongly believe that recording interrogations will be logistically difficult and expensive , and that guilty suspects wo n’t confess if they know they are being recorded .
More than 500 jurisdictions nationwide record interrogations , but only 10 states , plus the District of Columbia , mandate the practice .
California ’s Legislature passed bills in 2006 and 2007 that would have required interrogations to be recorded .
Both were vetoed by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
A third bill died in committee this year .
California legislators should not give up .
They must make this issue a priority and pass legislation to make our criminal justice system stronger and more accurate .
Advertisement
It may be impossible to fully understand why innocent people confess to crimes they did n’t commit .
What is undeniable is that some do -- and that we need to enact reforms to prevent more wrongful convictions and ensure that the right people pay for these crimes .
LANCASTER , Calif . ( AP ) 
The folks who silenced the nation 's first " musical road " are singing a different tune .
Workers on Wednesday began carving grooves on Avenue G that will produce notes of the " William Tell Overture " when cars drive over them .
The high desert city north of Los Angeles placed the grooves on another road , Avenue K , last month for a Honda commercial .
The quarter - mile strip was engineered to play the notes — better known as the theme for The Lone Ranger — when motorists in Honda Civics hit them at 55 mph .
It was believed to be the first such musical road in the United States , although there are others in Japan , South Korea and Holland .
The city paved over that stretch two weeks later after neighbors complained the noise was annoying and kept them awake .
The city , however , received hundreds of calls praising the road and decided to recreate the road in an industrial area away from homes .
" It will be a tourist attraction .
It will pull people off the freeway , " Mayor R. Rex Parris said .
Many residents also liked it .
" You drove over it and you did n't know what to expect .
When we got to the end of it , I was smiling ear to ear , " said Genevieve Skidmore , 80 .
The City Council has approved spending up to $ 35,000 for the work , but officials said there has been interest from several companies in sponsoring the road and reimbursing the cost in return for publicity .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Would YOUR congressman vote for this ?
29 just did
Yesterday Congress was back in session and they passed an important -- and con-controversial -- amendment to restore the Highway Trust Fund .
The legislation transfers $ 8 billion from the Treasury 's general fund to the highway fund , ensuring that construction projects wo n't be interrupted .
It had already passed overwhelmingly in the Senate and it passed overwhelmingly in the House as well , 376 for and only 29 against .
Every single Democrat voted to pass it , so all 20 who voted no were radical right extremist Republicans .
It 's important to remember that the infusion comes as the trust fund , which relies on declining revenue from the federal gas tax , verges on going broke , threatening road and bridge safety and maintenance in all 50 states .
Aside from offering specters of more collapsing bridges and axles damaged from potholes , failure to pass the amendment would have meant thousands and thousands of more workers dumped onto the already expanding unemployment lines that are such an integral part of the Bush Economic Miracle .
The 29 no votes came directly from the bottom of the congressional barrel , the worst of the worst .
Even the reprehensible Republican leaders like Boehner and Blunt voted for this .
Against it were a motley assortment of two - legged garbage hell - bent on destroying America , human detritus which offers very real threats to the well - being of American families .
By all means , see the whole list here -- as well as the list of the cowards like Mean Jean Schmidt ( R - OH ) , John Culberson ( R - TX ) , Tom Feeney ( R - FL ) Nick Lampson ( D - TX ) , Darrell Issa ( R - CA ) and John Peterson ( R - PA ) -- who were afraid to come down one way or the other .
There are a couple of extremists on the list of " no " voters who consistently vote against their constituents ' interests and who need to be singled out for this vote .
Mike Pence ( R- IN ) , John Shadegg ( R - AZ ) , Patrick McHenry ( R-NC ) , Virginia Foxx ( R - NC ) and Scott Garrett ( R - NJ ) all come from way at the bottom of that barrel I was referring to -- and all can be defeated in November .
I asked the Blue America - endorsed candidate in northern New Jersey , Dennis Shulman , if he was aware that every single New Jersey member of Congress -- both the Democrats and the Republicans favored the legislation and voted for it -- except Garrett , the extremist lunatic he 's running against .
He knew -- and he was n't surprised since this is far from the first time Garrett has voted against common sense legislation that all the other Republicans in New Jersey supported .
" Once again , Scott Garrett stands nearly alone and against all serious people , Democrats or Republicans alike , " Dennis told us .
" Who opposes public safety and endangers jobs after a major bridge collapse and amidst the Bush - Garrett recession ?
Only an extremist whose ideology constitutes a threat to us all .
Garrett 's extremism is of national concern .
We can't solve problems in this country with roadblocks like Scott Garrett standing in the way .
"
In passing we mentioned that Mean Jean Schmidt ( R - OH ) had missed the vote , which was a disgraceful dereliction of duty .
It turns out , it was n't a dereliction at all -- it was much worse .
You may recall that Schmidt was one of the purveyors of the absurd lie that China was drilling from Cuba into American oil reserves .
Even after Republican Senator Mel Martinez called her nonsense an urban myth , she has continued to push it on low - information voters who think congressmembers are good sources of truthful information .
Well , even though over 12,000 jobs were at stake in Ohio - - a state where they can do without more job losses -- Schmidt missed the vote , claiming she had to be with her pregnant daughter in Cincinnati .
Fair enough ; they 're the family values party and we can't expect a mother to disregard the needs of her pregnant daughter , right ?
The vote was at 4:18 PM .
Thedid some poking around and caught Schmidt in one of her series of blatant lies .
Turns out that Schmidt was still lingering around the House chamber after it adjourned at 4:34 PM .
She stayed to take part in a " Drill Here Now " stunt that Big Oil pats Republican members of Congress to stage .
That means she was home with her pregnant daughter in Cincinnati at 4:18 when a bill that would save 12,000 Ohio jobs was voted on , but back in the Chamber between 4:34 and 6:29 to participate in this GOP circus act ?
The McCain campaign finds nothing wrong with that and is promising to add Schmidt -- who they originally passed over -- to the " Sarah Palin Truth Squad . "
According to Double Talk Express spokesperson , Paul Lindsay , McCain thinks Schmidt is a " great voice " and " an accomplished leader in her own right ... and we 're fortunate to have her help .
"
On the other hand , folks in southwest Ohio would be far better off looking for help from Schmidt 's Democratic opponent , Dr. Victoria Wulsin , who came close to beating her in 2006 and is likely to do so in November .
Blue America has prioritized her race as one of the most important in the country .
You can contribute here , unless you want to see liars like Mean Jean Schmidt continue disgracing the United States Congress .
Labels : Dennis Shulman , Garrett , infrastructure , New Jersey
Under broad powers handed the Federal Bureau of Investigation by Congress in 2001 after it passed the Orwellian USA Patriot Act , the rights of ordinary citizens have progressively been stripped away by America ’s national security state .
With a history of domestic counterinsurgency operations against the left , and despite bruising attacks after 9/11 on its ( undeserved ) reputation as the nation ’s premier “ crime fighting agency , ” the FBI nevertheless , remains a formidable organization when it comes to repressing dissent .
In this light , a disturbing report showcased Wednesday by Wired , highlights the grave dangers posed to individual rights and freedoms when secretive and largely unaccountable federal bureaucracies are handed nearly unlimited powers .
Ryan Singel writes :
Does the FBI track cellphone users ’ physical movements without a warrant ?
Does the Bureau store recordings of innocent Americans caught up in wiretaps in a searchable database ?
Does the FBI ’s wiretap equipment store information like voicemail passwords and bank account numbers without legal authorization to do so ?
( “ Secret Spy Court Repeatedly Questions FBI Wiretap Network , ” Wired , June 11 , 2008 )
According to Singel , during a series of inquiries in 2005 - 2006 the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court repeatedly questioned the legality of Bureau electronic surveillance operations that targeted Americans .
These revelations came to light in newly declassified documents obtained by the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) .
The spy court inquired whether the FBI was using so - called “ pen register ” orders to “ collect digits dialed after a call is made , potentially including voicemail passwords and account numbers entered into bank - by - phone applications , ” Singel writes .
Title 18 of the United States Code , as amended by the USA Patriot Act , defines a pen register and / or a trap and trace device as
[ A ] device or process which records or decodes dialing , routing , addressing , or signaling information transmitted by an instrument or facility from which a wire or electronic communication is transmitted , provided , however , that such information shall not include the contents of any communication , but such term does not include any device or process used by a provider or customer of a wire or electronic communication service for billing , or recording as an incident to billing , for communications services provided by such provider or any device or process used by a provider or customer of a wire communication service for cost accounting or other like purposes in the ordinary course of its business .
Under existing federal statutes , the FBI can compel a telecom carrier to turn over records of whom a “ target ” has called simply by claiming the information is relevant to an on - going investigation .
However , under interpretations of existing case law , Wired reports that “ so - called ‘ post - cut - through dialed digits ’ count as the content of a communication , and thus to collect that information , the FBI would need to get a full - blown wiretapping warrant based on probable cause . ”
Coming on the heels of revelations of the FBI ’s abuse of so - called National Security Letters to obtain electronic and financial records during “ terrorism investigations , ” the documents outline a systematic pattern by the Bureau to skirt the law .
Wired reports ,
Among other things , the declassified documents reveal that lawyers in the FBI ’s Office of General Counsel and the Justice Department ’s Office of Intelligence Policy Review queried FBI technology officials in late July 2006 about cellphone tracking .
The attorneys asked whether the FBI was obtaining and storing real - time cellphone - location data from carriers under a “ pen register ” court order that ’s normally limited to records of who a person called or was called by .
You read that right : real - time cellphone - location data from carriers .
In 2006 , Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge Coleen Kollar - Kottely ordered the FBI to report how its phone wiretapping network known as Digital Collection System , handled information it obtained illegally and whether it stored them in its centralized data - mining repository known as Telephone Application .
Wired further reports that FBI documents show that
the majority of FBI offices surveyed internally were collecting that information without full - blown wiretap orders , especially in classified investigations .
The documents also indicate that the information was being uploaded to the FBI ’s central repository for wiretap recordings and phone records , where analysts can data - mine the records for decades .
According to EFF attorney Kevin Bankston , this demonstrates that FBI offices had reconfigured their “ digit - recording software , DCS 3000 , to collect more than the law allows . ”
In other words , despite prohibitions on the FBI ’s ability to spy on Americans , the Bureau is storing illegally - obtained data in a centralized data - mining “ warehouse ” for indefinite retrieval purposes , say , during a “ state of national emergency ” when the “ usual suspects ” can be “ disappeared ” under Continuity of Government plans already in place .
Lest there be any question that federal surveillance programs are concerned with far more than wiretapping alleged terrorists , National Security Presidential Directive 59 / Homeland Security Presidential Directive 24 ( NSPD 59 / HSPD 24 ) , “ Biometrics for Identification and Screening to Enhance National Security , ” should clear up any lingering doubts .
Signed June 5 , 2008 by President Bush ,
This directive establishes a framework to ensure that Federal executive departments and agencies ( agencies ) use mutually compatible methods and procedures in the collection , storage , use , analysis , and sharing of biometric and associated biographic and contextual information of individuals in a lawful and appropriate manner , while respecting their information privacy and other legal rights under United States law .
The executive branch has developed an integrated screening capability to protect the Nation against “ known and suspected terrorists ” ( KSTs ) .
The executive branch shall build upon this success , in accordance with this directive , by enhancing its capability to collect , store , use , analyze , and share biometrics to identify and screen KSTs and other persons who may pose a threat to national security .
[ emphasis added ]
As analyst Michel Chossudovsky points out in a scathing critique of Bush ’s directive ,
NSPD 59 goes far beyond the issue of biometric identification , it recommends the collection and storage of “ associated biographic ” information , meaning information on the private lives of US citizens , in minute detail , all of which will be “ accomplished within the law . ” …
The directive uses 9/11 as an all encompassing justification to wage a witch hunt against dissenting citizens , establishing at the same time an atmosphere of fear and intimidation across the land .
It also calls for the integration of various data banks as well as inter-agency cooperation in the sharing of information , with a view to eventually centralizing the information on American citizens .
( “ ‘ Big Brother ’ Presidential Directive : ‘ Biometrics for Identification and Screening to Enhance National Security ’ , ” Global Research , June 11 , 2008 )
In other words , in addition to “ known and suspected terrorists , ” presumably al - Qaeda and their minions , additional “ potential threats ” to the capitalist order are named : domestic “ radical groups ” and “ disgruntled employees . ”
One need n’t be a “ conspiracy buff ” to recognize — cooly and rationally — that the national security surveillance state under construction since before 9/11 , can trace its lineage back to domestic counterinsurgency operations such as the FBI ’s COINTELPRO or “ civil disturbance ” contingency plans such as NORTHCOM ’s contemporaneous “ Garden Plot ” and “ Cable Splicer ” projects .
Cellphone and internet tracking , now ubiquitous after the USA Patriot Act , are but two of the repressive bricks shoring - up the decaying edifice of the corporatist American empire .
In this light , it would be a fatal mistake to hope for ameliorating the erosion of our rights by relying on the Democratic party , or to believe that “ change ” in the form of an Obama presidency will somehow , magically perhaps , reverse ruling class consensus on this score .
Over the past decade , the Democrats and their “ progressive ” critics have stood idly by — or joined in the assault on democracy — as the sinister Bush regime hijacked a national election , launched an illegal war , systematically tortured prisoners , covered - up their criminal negligence , or worse , in the 9/11 attacks , while shredding the Bill of Rights .
Skip to comments .
Founder 's Quotes : Washington 's Warning of Today 's Politics
Yale University , the Avalon Project ^ | 1796 | George Washington
Posted on by Loud Mime
Our first president warned us specifically of the cult politics that threaten to take over our nation .
About half way through his address he addresses this dangerous issue :
" I have already intimated to you the danger of parties in the State , with particular reference to the founding of them on geographical discriminations .
Let me now take a more comprehensive view , and warn you in the most solemn manner against the baneful effects of the spirit of party generally .
This spirit , unfortunately , is inseparable from our nature , having its root in the strongest passions of the human mind .
It exists under different shapes in all governments , more or less stifled , controlled , or repressed ; but , in those of the popular form , it is seen in its greatest rankness , and is truly their worst enemy .
The alternate domination of one faction over another , sharpened by the spirit of revenge , natural to party dissension , which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities , is itself a frightful despotism .
But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism .
The disorders and miseries which result gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual ; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction , more able or more fortunate than his competitors , turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation , on the ruins of public liberty .
Without looking forward to an extremity of this kind ( which nevertheless ought not to be entirely out of sight ) , the common and continual mischiefs of the spirit of party are sufficient to make it the interest and duty of a wise people to discourage and restrain it .
It serves always to distract the public councils and enfeeble the public administration .
It agitates the community with ill - founded jealousies and false alarms , kindles the animosity of one part against another , foments occasionally riot and insurrection .
It opens the door to foreign influence and corruption , which finds a facilitated access to the government itself through the channels of party passions .
Thus the policy and the will of one country are subjected to the policy and will of another .
There is an opinion that parties in free countries are useful checks upon the administration of the government and serve to keep alive the spirit of liberty .
This within certain limits is probably true ; and in governments of a monarchical cast , patriotism may look with indulgence , if not with favor , upon the spirit of party .
But in those of the popular character , in governments purely elective , it is a spirit not to be encouraged .
From their natural tendency , it is certain there will always be enough of that spirit for every salutary purpose .
And there being constant danger of excess , the effort ought to be by force of public opinion , to mitigate and assuage it .
A fire not to be quenched , it demands a uniform vigilance to prevent its bursting into a flame , lest , instead of warming , it should consume .
It is important , likewise , that the habits of thinking in a free country should inspire caution in those entrusted with its administration , to confine themselves within their respective constitutional spheres , avoiding in the exercise of the powers of one department to encroach upon another .
The spirit of encroachment tends to consolidate the powers of all the departments in one , and thus to create , whatever the form of government , a real despotism .
A just estimate of that love of power , and proneness to abuse it , which predominates in the human heart , is sufficient to satisfy us of the truth of this position .
The necessity of reciprocal checks in the exercise of political power , by dividing and distributing it into different depositaries , and constituting each the guardian of the public weal against invasions by the others , has been evinced by experiments ancient and modern ; some of them in our country and under our own eyes .
To preserve them must be as necessary as to institute them .
If , in the opinion of the people , the distribution or modification of the constitutional powers be in any particular wrong , let it be corrected by an amendment in the way which the Constitution designates .
But let there be no change by usurpation ; for though this , in one instance , may be the instrument of good , it is the customary weapon by which free governments are destroyed .
The precedent must always greatly overbalance in permanent evil any partial or transient benefit , which the use can at any time yield .
Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity , religion and morality are indispensable supports .
In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism , who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happiness , these firmest props of the duties of men and citizens .
The mere politician , equally with the pious man , ought to respect and to cherish them .
A volume could not trace all their connections with private and public felicity .
Let it simply be asked :
Where is the security for property , for reputation , for life , if the sense of religious obligation desert the oaths which are the instruments of investigation in courts of justice ?
And let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion .
Whatever may be conceded to the influence of refined education on minds of peculiar structure , reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle . "
snip - end excerpt
There is a good introduction to the address here .
Remember , this issue is Liberty .
TOPICS :
Constitution / Conservatism
Culture / Society
Government
KEYWORDS :
address
farewell
washington
Pass this along and bump it to your favorite freepers .
I 'm printing up some copies and giving them to my neighbors who have Obama signs in front of their houses ; hopefully I can get past their force fields .
To : Vision ; definitelynotaliberal ; Mother Mary ; FoxInSocks ; 300 magnum ; NonValueAdded ; sauropod ; ...
Ping
To : Pharmboy
ping - worthy ?
by 3 posted onby thefactor ( yes , as a matter of fact i DID only read the excerpt . )
To : Loud Mime
Below is from George Washingtons Farewell Address !
Warns against the party system .
 It serves to distract the Public Councils , and
enfeeble the Public Administration .... agitates the Community with ill - founded jealousies
and false alarms ; kindles the animosity of one ....
against another ....
it opens the door to foreign influence and
corruption .
thus the policy and the will of one
country are subjected to the policy and will of
another .
Stresses the importance of religion and morality .
 Where is the security for property , for reputation ,
for life , if the sense of religious obligation desert
the oaths ,
which are the instruments of investigation in Courts
of Justice ?
On stable public credit .
... cherish public credit .
One method of preserving it is to use it as
sparingly as possible ...
avoiding likewise the accumulation of debt ....
it is essential that you ... bear in mind , that
towards the payments of debts there must be
Revenue , that to have Revenue there must be
taxes ;
that no taxes can be devised , which are not ..
. inconvenient and unpleasant ...
Warns against permanent foreign alliances .
 It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent
alliances with any portion of the foreign world ...
by 4 posted onby HuntsvilleTxVeteran ( Obama and ITS thugs are made paranoid by Sarahnoia . ( stole from molly_jack2007 ) )
To : HuntsvilleTxVeteran
As we ’re in a popular form of government , these words of Washington ring loudly .
Sadly , some people now have lost all sense of objectivity .
Lose your morals , lose your compass , vote Socialist .
To : Loud Mime
Washington was indeed a great man ( " If he does that , he will be the greatest man in the world . " - George III on hearing that Washington would refuse a crown if offered ) , but I 'll bet a buck that Hamilton probably wrote this and many more of Washington 's speeches .
The language sounds too Hamiltonian and I 've read that as far back as the Revolution Hamilton often even wrote Washington 's orders to the army , with Washington reviewing and doing some minor editing to make sure his intentions were conveyed .
by 6 posted onby metesky ( " Brethren , leave us go amongst them . "
Rev. Capt. Samuel Johnston Clayton - Ward Bond- The Searchers )
To : Loud Mime
We will never again see men of such stature who gave us our wonderful nation .
It would break their hearts to see the weasely , small minded pisants of today sitting in the seats of power , abusing their positions of trust , and destroying the country a little more every day .
by 7 posted onby Iron Munro ( US Marines : First to fight our country 's battles in the air , on land , on sea and in orbit ! )
To : HuntsvilleTxVeteran
Does it amaze any of you as it does me that the phrase “ those who do not study history are doomed to repeat it ” rings so loudly in our current situation ?
Maybe a criteria for election to office should include the study of US History and World History BEFORE anyone can run for office . . . and the person would need to make at least a B+ on the final exams to be nominated for an office .
That goes for Cabinet members too .
by 8 posted onby HighlyOpinionated ( VOTE OUT THE SCALLYWAGS AND DEMAND TERM LIMITS FOR CONGRESS . )
To : Loud Mime
The more things change , the more they stay the same .
Problem is these days there really are n’t any politicians in favor of limiting government in any way , shape or form .
by 9 posted onby vpintheak ( Like a muddied spring or a polluted well is a righteous man who gives way to the wicked .
Prov. 25:26 )
To : metesky
I ’ve read that Madison helped on this address to a great extent , Hamilton to a lesser degree .
To : Loud Mime
I ’m always in awe of the wisdom of the Dead White Guys .
They knew history , and how it repeats itself .
The few we have in congress who have half this wisdom , are shouted down and tossed aside .
To : thefactor
No ... not a general ping , but thanks for my ping .
Well - known that The General disliked “ factions , ” but how to stop them ?
He , Adams and Hamilton were the main Federalists , and Jefferson was their main rival with the Democrat - Republicans .
I always thought it a bit naive of The General to think that parties or “ factions ” could be avoided ; I imagine that he believed many others were as good to the core as he himself was , but he was disappointed in many ( esp. Jefferson ) .
by 12 posted onby Pharmboy ( Democrats lie because they must . )
To : metesky
The language sounds too Hamiltonian ...
Because Hamilton wrote the first draft of Washington 's farewell letter to Congress .
Washington thought Hamilton rather verbose at times and trimmed where necessary .
by 13 posted onby Publius ( Atlas is getting ready to shrug . )
To : Loud Mime
Ive read that Madison helped on this address to a great extent , Hamilton to a lesser degree .
Other way around .
by 14 posted onby Publius ( Atlas is getting ready to shrug . )
To : Loud Mime
What did he know ?
Is n’t he just one of those old evil dead whites guys ?
Did I say evil ?
Let me say slaveholder too .
Old dead evil slaveholding white guy .
We are supposed to disparage and hate these guys .
Did I say evil ?
How about slaveholder ?
Old dead evil white guy .
Slaveholder .
Did I say evil ?
To : Publius
To : Altura Ct .
I get so sick of the “ slave owner ” argument .
They also believed that 2+2 = 4 , should we say that ’s wrong too ?
In arguing with an Obambot the other day the same argument was presented .
For a moment I thought of blaming the blacks for slavery ; if they would have refused to serve slavery would not have been profitable , and abandoned .
Instead , I went to the civil war logic .
It meant nothing to the poor child .
To : Publius
“ Ive read that Madison helped on this address to a great extent , Hamilton to a lesser degree . ”
“ Other way around . ”
It ’s interesting because in the Roman Republic , which ours is modeled on to a degree , the notion of belonging to a faction or factio , was considered a terrible thing .
We ’re all supposed to be sons of the republic , not members of our own selfish faction .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
photo credit : LoreleiRanveig
The health conscious among us may already be aware of this issue .
However for those who are not so aware this article may be shocking .
If I were to tell you that society in general and you in particular are being chemically dumbed down , perhaps not in the sense of a systematic conspiracy , but in a very real sense nonetheless , some would respond as if I was stating the obvious and others would be at least a little skeptical if not downright cynical .
Neuroscience has discovered the process of excitotoxicity that occurs in the brain .
Excitotoxins are amino acids that when consumed excite certain nerve cells in our brain to such an extent that they actually die .
If after eating a particular food you experience foggy thinking and difficulty stringing sentences together then this is an early indication that your food had an excitotoxin in it .
It seems to me almost beyond belief that companies would knowingly produce processed food that contain substances that actually reduce our ability to think logically and critically .
It ’s just too crazy .
But it does n’t end there .
The names of common excitotoxins are well known .
Mono -Sodium Glutamate ( MSG ) and Aspartame are just two names excitotoxins parade under .
Other names include artificial sweetener , hydrogenised vegetable protein , yeast extract , and flavor enhancer .
Aspartame is currently used in over 5,000 food products ( usually as an artificial sweetener ) , medication , and drinks .
Shortly after Aspartame ’s original approval for use in dry foods by the FDA it was quickly withdrawn .
This was due to research carried out by the senior toxicologist of the FDA at the time .
Later a new director of the FDA approved Aspartame despite the objections of neuroscientists and pathologists .
Just two months later the director left the FDA for a position as senior medical advisor for the PR firm of the pharmaceutical company that had discovered Aspartame .
The approval of Aspartame was based upon the idea that we would not be consuming more then 20 mg per kg per day .
It was later raised to 50 mg per kg per day .
Today studies have shown that people are consuming as much as 150 mg per kg per day and higher .
More severe reactions to these substances include numbness , double vision , blindness , and cardiac arrest .
Excitotoxins are associated with neural - degenerative diseases ( think Alzheimer ’s ) , neural - developmental abnormalities , diabetes type I and II , endocrine disorders , obesity , immune dysfunction , enhanced cancer growth and spread , gastro intestinal disorders , autoimmune disorders , multiple sclerosis and sudden cardiac death .
Notice how that just about covers most of the major modern afflictions ?
Even if food additives were not the original cause of many of these disorders , which in some instances can lead to mental health treatment centers , they make the conditions advance at a far greater rate and eventually far more severe .
According to Russell Blaylock the amount of MSG in our food has doubled every ten years .
What ’s more the population is magnesium deficient which makes us even more susceptible to the effects of these excitotoxin additives .
Further , because of these substances in our food , there are a lot more people of lower IQ and a lot less people of higher IQ .
The effect of a mass of people who ca n’t think clearly , logically and critically is mass dependence upon authority .
While I am skeptical of conspiracy theories in general it does make me wonder why this is happening .
You must check the labels of the food you ’re buying and feeding to yourself and your family .
Better yet do n’t actually waste your money on what I call non-foods .
That is do n’t buy and eat anything that comes out of a man made packet .
It ’s simple – any food that has been processed is not going to be healthy for you .
This blanket statement covers from fruit juice to meat products ( many of which have added sugar ) to low fat milk to bread and pasta .
None of these things occur as is in nature and the most processed products are full of additives and preservatives ( sugar is a preservative ) that produce inflammation in the digestive system .
This is the recipe for the health disaster that is occurring right now .
Eat only whole foods .
Such foods are high in fiber and contain the vitamin and mineral complex that processed foods do not because processing has denatured them .
Try to eat as much organic produced food as possible .
The tons of herbicides , pesticides , fungicides and rodenticides that food producers are continuously spraying on your food are akin to neurotoxins .
The chemical fertilizer your food is grown in is very closely related to gunpowder .
The grain cows , chickens , pigs and so forth are fed is generally of very poor quality , grown under the conditions mentioned in the above paragraph and not fit for human consumption .
The grains are often moldy which means your steak is filled with mycotoxins from fungus .
Add to that the animals are given growth hormones and fed antibiotics that end up in the meat , the fat , eggs , milk , and butter .
You should know that antibiotics are essentially mycotoxins produced from fungus .
The idea is to kill bacteria that are causing the problem .
However the killing of bacteria is indiscriminate .
This means all the very good bacteria in your digestive system are killed off .
You body is thrown out of balance and fungus with no competition from bacteria to keep it in check moves in and takes over .
Fungus infections have been implicated in most of the common health problem currently afflicting modern man .
The bottom line :
You cannot become healthy while eating sick animals , sick plants or processed food .
Eating such foods could never result in health .
If you would like to look further into the issue of excitotoxins in your food then buy the book by Russell Blaylock M.D. entitled Excitotoxins : The Taste That Kills .
Another great book that is less technical is The Crazy Makers : How the Food Industry Is Destroying Our Brains and Harming Our Children by Carol Simontacchi .
Subscribe to Balanced Existence by entering your email address : Delivered by FeedBurner
If you have found this article useful please consider donating .
Your generosity will help me keep Balanced Existence constantly updated with new articles and information .
Thank you !
We spend far more effort defending our countries against specific movie - plot threats , rather than the real , broad threats .
In the US during the months after the 9/11 attacks , we feared terrorists with scuba gear , terrorists with crop dusters and terrorists contaminating our milk supply .
Both the UK and the US fear terrorists with small bottles of liquid .
Our imaginations run wild with vivid specific threats .
Before long , we 're envisioning an entire movie plot , without Bruce Willis saving the day .
And we 're scared .
It 's not just terrorism ; it 's any rare risk in the news .
The big fear in Canada right now , following a particularly gruesome incident , is random decapitations on intercity buses .
In the US , fears of school shootings are much greater than the actual risks .
In the UK , it 's child predators .
And people all over the world mistakenly fear flying more than driving .
But the very definition of news is something that hardly ever happens .
If an incident is in the news , we should n't worry about it .
It 's when something is so common that its no longer news - car crashes , domestic violence - that we should worry .
But that 's not the way people think .
Psychologically , this makes sense .
We are a species of storytellers .
We have good imaginations and we respond more emotionally to stories than to data .
We also judge the probability of something by how easy it is to imagine , so stories that are in the news feel more probable - and ominous - than stories that are not .
As a result , we overreact to the rare risks we hear stories about , and fear specific plots more than general threats .
The problem with building security around specific targets and tactics is that its only effective if we happen to guess the plot correctly .
If we spend billions defending the Underground and terrorists bomb a school instead , we 've wasted our money .
If we focus on the World Cup and terrorists attack Wimbledon , we 've wasted our money .
It 's this fetish - like focus on tactics that results in the security follies at airports .
We ban guns and knives , and terrorists use box -cutters .
We take away box - cutters and corkscrews , so they put explosives in their shoes .
We screen shoes , so they use liquids .
We take away liquids , and they 're going to do something else .
Or they 'll ignore airplanes entirely and attack a school , church , theatre , stadium , shopping mall , airport terminal outside the security area , or any of the other places where people pack together tightly .
These are stupid games , so let 's stop playing .
Some high - profile targets deserve special attention and some tactics are worse than others .
Airplanes are particularly important targets because they are national symbols and because a small bomb can kill everyone aboard .
Seats of government are also symbolic , and therefore attractive , targets .
But targets and tactics are interchangeable .
The following three things are true about terrorism .
One , the number of potential terrorist targets is infinite .
Two , the odds of the terrorists going after any one target is zero .
And three , the cost to the terrorist of switching targets is zero .
We need to defend against the broad threat of terrorism , not against specific movie plots .
Security is most effective when it does n't require us to guess .
We need to focus resources on intelligence and investigation : identifying terrorists , cutting off their funding and stopping them regardless of what their plans are .
We need to focus resources on emergency response : lessening the impact of a terrorist attack , regardless of what it is .
And we need to face the geopolitical consequences of our foreign policy .
In 2006 , UK police arrested the liquid bombers not through diligent airport security , but through intelligence and investigation .
It did n't matter what the bombers ' target was .
It did n't matter what their tactic was .
They would have been arrested regardless .
That 's smart security .
Now we confiscate liquids at airports , just in case another group happens to attack the exact same target in exactly the same way .
That 's just illogical .
· Bruce Schneier is a security technologist and author : schneier.com/blog
Posted By : Stonecipher
August 7 , 2008
I wish I had come up with that line , but actually it was Barack Obama's .
And so far , it is my favorite quote of the campaign .
The Senator from Illinois used it ( see clip below ) to describe John McCain 's response to the suggestion that inflating our tires would help reduce the amount of fuel we consume .
What makes this comment so perfect is that the Republicans really do seem to take pride in their ignorance and George W. Bush has led the way with his Homer Simpson - like approach to reading ( No offense meant to Homer ) .
I have written extensively in the past about just why Republican ignorance happens to be a particularly frustrating brand of ignorance , but until now I 've never come up with a line that sums it up so perfectly .
So thanks Barack , I 'm gonna use your line from here on out .
And now , to kill two birds with one stone : in a tribute to Obama 's great line and in an effort to help Republican moral during a tough time for the GOP , I present you the Top Five ignorant moments of the past eight years that the Republicans can be Proud of :
Number Five : Bush does n't know how the saying goes - Back in 2002 George W. Bush provided us with the gem below .
Most of us will see a clip which clearly displays just how awkward ignorance can be , even when it pertains to a simple thing like an old saying .
Republicans however ... well ... just enjoy this clip of your ignoramus - in - chief in action and may your hearts swell with pride :
Number Four : Dick Cheney , John McCain , Neocons , Republicans in Congress , claim we 'll be greeted as liberators in Iraq -
The list of ignorant pre-war moments from the Bush administration is a mile long and any one of them could have made the top five , like Shinseki was wrong about using more troops , there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , Saddam was responsible for 9/11 , oil money would allow the war to " pay for itself " or the war will only cost $ 60 billion .
Again , any one of those could have made the list , but I did n't want to make this entire piece about the Iraq War .
Plus , the following video clip provides an excellent portrayal of a special brand of ignorance - persistent ignorance .
In an effort that is sure to make Republicans everywhere proud , both Cheney and McCain show us that the facts do n't have to get in the way of some good , old - fashioned , GOP ignorance :
via videosift.com
Number Three : Bush : " I do n't think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees " - Four days after Hurricane Katrina hit and destroyed much of New Orleans and the Gulf Coast , President Bush tried to cover up his administration 's poor response to the disaster by claiming nobody could have seen this coming .
Mr. Bush said " I do n't think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees . "
Of course , just a week earlier Bush had discussed the possibility that the levees may not , in fact , hold up .
So in this instance , G.W. was actually able to display an ignorance of his own thoughts , actions and comments from just a week prior .
What is more impressive is that Bush 's commitment to staying ignorant was so strong that he was willing to disregard the fact that he was actually correct about something and move forward in blissful ignorance of his own words .
Pretty impressive .
The GOP must be proud .
Number Two : Mark Penn does n't know how the Democratic Primaries work - Coming in as our runner up , Mark Penn is actually a Democrat , but a Democrat that Republicans can be proud of .
For those of you who do n't know who he is , or for those of you who have successfully repressed any memories of him , he was Hillary Clinton 's chief strategist until he was finally demoted in the lead up to the Pennsylvania Primary .
Mr. Penn was paid at least $ 12.8 million by Clinton 's campaign .
After shoring up all that cash , Penn went to work devising a broad campaign strategy for Hillary Clinton .
The strategy included ignoring caucus states ( except Iowa ) , ignoring small states and ignoring states which held primaries after Super Tuesday on February 5 .
Good thinking .
The reason for this strategy ?
Penn was under the impression that the Democratic primaries operated the same way the Electoral College and many of the Republican Primary contests do , as winner - take - all contests .
So , in a stunning display of stupidity and ignorance , Mr. Penn built his plan counting all 370 of California 's delegates in the Clinton column .
With California voting on Super Tuesday , along with 23 other states and territories , Penn figured that an expected victory in California , along with its 370 delegates would seal the deal for his candidate and the process would be over .
So there was zero preparation for the states following Super Tuesday .
Of course almost any casual political junkie can tell you that none of the Democratic Primaries are winner - take - all .
They 're all based on some form of proportional representation .
Since Clinton fell short of where she had to be in order to meet Penn 's expectations , 100 % of the California vote , she did not receive 370 delegates from California and the race went on .
And since Obama 's campaign possessed a deep understanding of how the primaries worked ( which turned out to be much more of an understanding than necessary ) and were prepared for Feb. 6 and beyond .
Sen .
Obama went on to win an impressive 11 - straight primaries over the next month .
Penn 's ignorance probably cost Clinton the election , but hey ... at least he got paid - and is n't that really the Republican way ?
Miserable failure is fine , just make sure there is an excessively large paycheck attached to it and everything is ok .
If I were a Republican , I would proudly make Mark Penn an honorary Republican for his Republican - style ignorance , and bonus points for the Republican - style money that ignorance earned him .
Number One : Mary Katherine Ham accuses Bob Herbert of being wracked by " White Guilt " - Not only is this the most recent moment Republicans can be proud of , but it is also my personal favorite .
In an instance which highlights the proud Republican tradition of having no idea what is going on outside FOX News and Young Republican meetings , Ham asserts that the only reason Bob Herbert of the New York Times claimed the now famous Hilton - Spears - Obama ad was racist is because he is " wracked with white guilt . "
Sounds reasonable .
Here 's a picture of Bob Herbert , you can just see the white guilt oozing from his pores in this shot :
The reason I 'm awarding Ham the number one spot is because of her willingness to completely ignore clear , visible and indisputable facts in order to robotic - ly spit out the same Republican talking points she has been spitting out for years .
What makes it even better is that the New York Times and " white guilt " are not new issues to Ham .
She has been writing about the two issues for years and her ability to remain astoundingly ignorant about issues which she claims to be an expert on is truly a triumph of ignorance .
It is hard to imagine anyone topping this type of ignorance , but have no fear , the Republicans are showing no signs of slowing down .
We can rest assured that many of the ignorance all - stars like Sean Hannity , Bill O'Reilly and Glenn Beck will continue striving to clear the very high bar that Mary Katherine Ham has set .
Conclusion : Certainly there are plenty of instances over the past eight years that were n't included in this list , but the intent here was to write a blog post , not a book .
So please feel free to leave your personal favorite moments of GOP Pride in the comments section and if you think you 're sharp enough to write your own post on the issue send it to us at StoneTSR@gmail.com and if we like it we 'll post it here on The Stonecipher Report .
Of all the cable news heads out there , this was the interview that I thought would be the most intelligent and informative .
I 'm so grateful to have Rachel Maddow on the airwaves this election season .
In this first segment , Maddow talks about Obama 's avoidance of partisan or ideological attacks ( much to our on the left 's consternation ) as well as shoring up our infrastructure .
MADDOW : And so , you have the opportunity to say John McCain , George Bush , you 're wrong .
You also have the opportunity to say , conservatism has been bad for America .
But , you have n't gone there either .
OBAMA : I tell you what though , Rachel .
You notice , I think we 're winning right now so ... ( LAUGHTER )
Maybe I 'm doing something right .
I know you 've been cruising for a bruising for a while here , looking for a fight out there .
But , I just think people are tired of that kind of back and forth , tit for tat , ideological approach to the problems .
Now , there is no doubt that there is a set of premises in the reigning Republican ideology that I just think are wrong .
This whole notion , and then it's been captured by this back and forth about whether I 'm a redistributor , I think is a great example .
The notion that the progressive income tax , which was instituted by Teddy Roosevelt , supposedly John McCain 's hero , is somehow un-American , I think is an example of how people have gone way off track .
Part two and transcripts below the fold :
Obama speaks to the conflict in Afghanistan and our approach to terrorism .
Transcripts ( courtesy of MSNBC )
RACHEL MADDOW , HOST : Senator , you criticize the Bush administration frequently .
But , you almost never criticize the Republican Party itself .
Other Democrats --
SEN .
BARACK OBAMA ( D ) , PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : Much to your chagrin .
MADDOW : Well , yes , actually .
I mean , other Democrats , you will hear them talk about the GOP as the party that 's been wrong on all the big stuff .
Creating Social Security , civil rights , the War in Iraq .
But , you do n't really do that .
Do you think there is a stark difference between the parties ?
OBAMA : Well , I do think there 's a difference between the parties , but here 's my belief .
That I 'm talking to voters .
And I think they 're a lot of Republican voters out there , self - identified , who actually think that what the Bush administration has done , has been damaging to the country .
And , what I 'm interested in , is how do we build a working majority for change ?
And if I start off with the premise that it 's only self - identified Democrats who I 'm speaking to , then I 'm not going to get to where we need to go .
If I can describe it as not a blanket indictment of the Republican Party , but instead describe it as the Republican Party having been kidnapped by a incompetent , highly ideological subset of the Republican Party , then that means I can still reach out to a whole bunch of Republican moderates who I think are hungry for change , as well .
MADDOW : Now , they do that to you the same way .
When they talk -- when John McCain calls you a socialist --
OBAMA : Right .
MADDOW : This redistribute the wealth idea .
He goe -- he calls you soft on national security .
OBAMA : Yes .
MADDOW : That 's not just an anti-Barack Obama script .
OBAMA : No .
MADDOW : That is -- he 's reading from an anti-Democrat , and specifically an anti-liberal stance .
OBAMA : Absolutely .
MADDOW : And so , you have the opportunity to say John McCain , George Bush , you 're wrong .
You also have the opportunity to say , conservatism has been bad for America .
But , you have n't gone there either .
OBAMA : I tell you what though , Rachel .
You notice , I think we 're winning right now so --
( LAUGHTER )
OBAMA : Maybe I 'm doing something right .
I know you 've been cruising for a bruising for a while here , looking for a fight out there .
But , I just think people are tired of that kind of back and forth , tit for tat , ideological approach to the problems .
Now , there is no doubt that there is a set of premises in the reigning Republican ideology that I just think are wrong .
This whole notion , and then it's been captured by this back and forth about whether I 'm a redistributor , I think is a great example .
The notion that the progressive income tax , which was instituted by Teddy Roosevelt , supposedly John McCain 's hero , is somehow un-American , I think is an example of how people have gone way off track .
The Republican Party has gone so right when it comes to how we think about our obligations to each other , how we pay for things .
And as a consequence , because most people think it 's pretty important to pay for roads and bridges , schools .
What we 've ended up doing is tax cuts , no spending cuts , huge national debt .
There 's a core hypocrisy to how they have governed over the last several years , that I think has to be reversed .
And so we 're going to challenge those things .
The important thing though is , I just want to make sure that I 'm leaving the door open to people who say to themselves , well , you know , I 'm a member of the Republican Party and I remember people like Chuck Percy in Illinois , or Abraham Lincoln , a pretty good Republican .
That there 's some core values that historically have been important to the Republican Party , but just have not been observed over the last several years .
MADDOW : There may be some policy fights ahead , particularly in responding to the economic crisis that will have both a practical and an ideological component .
If we are looking at economic stimulus , is there a possibility that you could see in your first term , if you are elected , that we 'd need an economic stimulus program that felt to Americans a little bit like a public works program , a little bit like an FDR - style infrastructure building program ?
OBAMA : Well , I 've actually talked about this .
And I have n't been hiding the ball on this .
I think we have to rebuild our infrastructure .
Look at what China 's doing right now .
Their trains are faster than us , their ports are better than us .
They are preparing for a very competitive 21st century economy and we 're not .
One of the most frustrating things over the last eight years has been the ability of George Bush to pile up debt and huge deficits and not have anything to show for it , right ?
So , if you 're going to run deficit spending , then it better be in rebuilding our roads , our bridges , our sewer lines , our water system , laying broadband lines .
One of , I think , the most important infrastructure projects that we need is a whole new electricity grid .
Because if we 're going to be serious about renewable energy , I want to be able to get wind power from North Dakota to population centers , like Chicago .
And we 're going to have to have a smart grid if we want to use plug - in hybrids then we want to be able to have ordinary consumers sell back the electricity that 's generated from those car batteries , back into the grid .
That can create 5 million new jobs , just in new energy .
But , it 's huge projects that generally speaking , you 're not going to have private enterprise would want to take all those risks .
And we 're going to have to be involved in that process .
MADDOW : Also an issue on something like the electrical grid , that 's an issue of American resilience , even against the threat of terrorism .
A lot of times when you look at counter - terrorism , officials think that they came out , or an al - Qaeda attack on the electrical grid .
OBAMA : That 's exactly right .
MADDOW : Well you know , at this point , a snow storm is an attack on our electrical grid .
OBAMA : That 's exactly right .
MADDOW : Are there Homeland Security vulnerabilities that you think are fixable in ways that would also be good for the economy ?
OBAMA : Well , you mentioned one .
The electricity grid I think is important .
I think that chemical plant security is another where the chemical industry has been resistant to mandates when it comes to hardening their sites .
But , you know what ?
If you 've got a chemical plant that threatens 100,000 , or a million people in New Jersey , we better have some say in terms of how serious they are about guarding that facility .
MADDOW : Why has n't that been fixed already ?
OBAMA : Well , I think it 's a classic example of special interests lobbying .
There has been resistance from the chemical industry .
And it is this -- again , an ideological predisposition that says regulation 's always bad .
So , stay out of the market place .
Well , look .
I am a strong believer in the free market .
I am a strong believer in capitalism .
But , I am also a strong believer that there are certain common goods that you know -- our air , our water , making sure that people are safe -- that require us to have some regulation .
Now , it has to be well designed .
But , the financial system is a classic example of a deregulation philosophy run amuck .
And now , you see the consequences and ironically , had we had some sensible regulation , we would not have now , actually , a much closer approximation to socialism when it comes to the banking system , then anything that any Democrats have been proposing over the last several years .
When you do n't guard against excess , then a lot of times government ends up having to step in anyway , in a much more burdensome way .
MADDOW : Part of the ideological argument against regulation is that government always does things ( INAUDIBLE ) .
OBAMA : Yes .
MADDOW : I 've been worried about this because I 've been very focused on the GI bill .
OBAMA : Right .
MADDOW : VA is making worrying noises about their ability , their capacity to implement it .
Can you give me an example of how you would make agencies better at doing what they 're supposed to do ?
Just improving capacity ?
OBAMA : Well , look .
Look , look .
I mean , there 's a great example in FEMA .
Now , they 've gotten better since Katrina .
But , the idea that our basic emergency functions had been under the leadership of a guy whose only expertise was you know , the Arabian Horses Association .
That 's a problem .
So , some of it 's just getting the right people .
Some of it is using technology in intelligent ways .
One of the things that I 'm excited about is to transfer what we 've learned from this campaign in using technology , into government .
I mean , there are huge areas where we can open things up , make things more transparent .
I passed a bill working with a Republican , Tom Coburn , called the Google for Government Bill , where now you can go to a single site and you can pull up a searchable database of every dollar of Federal spending that 's out there .
Which means now you 've got a lot greater accountability .
While there are examples of that all throughout our government that can remove bureaucracy , eliminate red tape , make the whole process more customer friendly .
Anybody 's who 's gone to the post office and wants to buy some stamps and you 're trying to figure out the machine , it 's not working properly , the lines are long .
There 's no reason why we can't make operations like that more efficient and work better .
They do it in the private sector all the time .
MADDOW : I have a national security question for you about Afghanistan .
You have argued , as had John McCain argued and now the Bush administration agrees that we need more troops in Afghanistan .
Why do more troops in Afghanistan equal a higher likelihood of success ?
What 's the exit strategy for Afghanistan ?
How long are we going to be there ?
OBAMA : Well , unfortunately , I think Afghanistan 's going to be tough .
I do n't think there is a quick fix to what 's happening there .
Because we have a combination of a government that is not seen as fully legitimate all throughout Afghanistan .
It 's not particularly capable in terms of delivering services right now .
You 've got a very powerful narco - terrorism , or intersection of narco - trafficking with terrorism .
Just the terrain is terrible for trying to move out the Taliban and al Qaeda .
And then you 've got Pakistan , and a border that is porous and very difficult .
So , it 's not going to be easy , but here 's what I know .
That we can't allow bin Laden and al Qaeda to establish safe havens where they are plotting to kill Americans and train troops .
There 's no dispute that that 's taking place right now .
And so , we 've got to make Afghanistan stable enough and focused enough on controlling its own borders , that we 're not seeing the Taliban and al Qaeda return .
In the meantime , I think the most important thing that we 're going to have to do in addition to adding more troops , providing alternatives to farmers for the poppy trade .
Making sure that services are actually being delivered to the Afghan people .
The most important thing we 're going to have to do with respect to Afghanistan , is actually deal with Pakistan .
And we 've got work with the newly elected government there in a coherent way that says , terrorism is now a threat to you .
Extremism is a threat to you .
We should probably try to facilitate a better understanding between Pakistan and India and try to resolve the Kashmir crisis so that they can stay focused not on India , but on the situation with those militants .
And , we 've got to say to the Pakistani people , we 're not just going to fund a dictator in order for us to feel comfortable with who we 're dealing with .
We 're going to respect democracy .
But , we do have expectations in terms of being a partner in its terrorism .
MADDOW : But , you do n't think of having a larger military footprint interferes their ability to do that stuff ?
To work with Pakistani government , to work with the Afghan government .
OBAMA : Oh , look .
I mean , we 're part of a coalition force that right now is under - manned .
I mean , we have -- up until fairly recently , had one quarter of the troops in Afghanistan that we had in Iraq .
And so , we 're not looking to duplicate 150,000 troops in Afghanistan .
But , on the other hand , if we 've only got 30,000 , or 35,000 , on a huge terrain and we 're asking people to do a lot , I do n't want a situation in which our troops continue to be under stop loss , or they are on the kinds of rotations that they 've been under .
Or , they do n't have the basic support services that will allow them to consolidate any gains that they make .
Right now , it 's just a little too scattershot an operation for them to secure and then build in these areas .
And that 's something that I think we can improve on .
But , military power alone is not sufficient .
It 's necessary , but not sufficient .
Early this week , Roy Fieldings wrote a post entitled REST APIs must be hypertext - driven where he criticized the SocialSite REST API ( a derivative of the OpenSocial REST API ) for violating some constraints of the Representational State Transfer architectural style ( aka REST ) .
Roy 's key criticisms were
API designers , please note the following rules before calling your creation a REST API : …
…
A REST API should spend almost all of its descriptive effort in defining the media type(s ) used for representing resources and driving application state , or in defining extended relation names and / or hypertext - enabled mark - up for existing standard media types .
Any effort spent describing what methods to use on what URIs of interest should be entirely defined within the scope of the processing rules for a media type ( and , in most cases , already defined by existing media types ) .
[ Failure here implies that out - of - band information is driving interaction instead of hypertext . ]
A REST API must not define fixed resource names or hierarchies ( an obvious coupling of client and server ) .
Servers must have the freedom to control their own namespace .
Instead , allow servers to instruct clients on how to construct appropriate URIs , such as is done in HTML forms and URI templates , by defining those instructions within media types and link relations .
[ Failure here implies that clients are assuming a resource structure due to out - of band information , such as a domain - specific standard , which is the data - oriented equivalent to RPC 's functional coupling ] .
..
A REST API should be entered with no prior knowledge beyond the initial URI ( bookmark ) and set of standardized media types that are appropriate for the intended audience ( i.e. , expected to be understood by any client that might use the API ) .
From that point on , all application state transitions must be driven by client selection of server - provided choices that are present in the received representations or implied by the user ’s manipulation of those representations .
The transitions may be determined ( or limited by ) the client ’s knowledge of media types and resource communication mechanisms , both of which may be improved on - the - fly ( e.g. , code - on - demand ) .
[ Failure here implies that out - of - band information is driving interaction instead of hypertext . ]
In reading some of the responses to Roy 's post on programming .
reddit it seems there are of number of folks who found it hard to glean practical advice from Roy 's post .
I thought it be useful to go over his post in more depth and with some examples .
The key thing to remember is that REST is about building software that scales to usage on the World Wide Web by being a good participant of the Web ecosystem .
Ideally a RESTful API should be designed to be implementable by thousands of websites and consumed by hundreds of applications running on dozens of platforms with zero coupling between the client applications and the Web services .
A great example of this is RSS / Atom feeds which happen to be one of the world 's most successful RESTful API stories .
This notion of building software that scales to Web - wide usage is critical to understanding Roy 's points above .
The first point above is that a RESTful API should primarily be concerned about data payloads and not defining how URI end points should handle various HTTP methods .
For one , sticking to defining data payloads which are then made standard MIME types gives maximum reusability of the technology .
The specifications for RSS 2.0 ( application / xml+rss ) and the Atom syndication format ( application / xml+atom ) primarily focus on defining the data format and how applications should process feeds independent of how they were retrieved .
In addition , both formats are aimed at being standard formats that can be utilized by any Web site as opposed to being tied to a particular vendor or Web site which has aided their adoption .
Unfortunately , few have learned from these lessons and we have people building RESTful APIs with proprietary data formats that are n't meant to be shared .
My current favorite example of this is social graph / contacts APIs which seem to be getting reinvented every six months .
Google has the Contacts Data API , Yahoo ! has their Address Book API , Microsoft has the Windows Live Contacts API , Facebook has their friends REST APIs and so on .
Each of these APIs claims to be RESTful in its own way yet they are helping to fragment the Web instead of helping to grow it .
There have been some moves to address this with the OpenSocial influenced Portable Contacts API but it too shies away from standard MIME types and instead creates dependencies on URL structures to dictate how the data payloads should be retrieved / processed .
One bad practice Roy calls out , which is embraced by the Portable Contacts and SocialSite APIs , is requiring a specific URL structure for services that implement the API .
Section 6.2 of the current Portable Contacts API spec states the following
A request using the Base URL alone MUST yield a result , assuming that adequate authorization credentials are provided .
In addition , Consumers MAY append additional path information to the Base URL to request more specific information .
Service Providers MUST recognize the following additional path information when appended to the Base URL , and MUST return the corresponding data : /@me / @all -- Return all contact info ( equivalent to providing no additional path info )
-- Return all contact info ( equivalent to providing no additional path info ) / @me/ @all / {id} --
Only return contact info for the contact whose id value is equal to the provided {id} , if such a contact exists .
In this case , the response format is the same as when requesting all contacts , but any contacts not matching the requested ID MUST be filtered out of the result list by the Service Provider
--
Only return contact info for the contact whose value is equal to the provided , if such a contact exists .
In this case , the response format is the same as when requesting all contacts , but any contacts not matching the requested ID MUST be filtered out of the result list by the Service Provider / @me/@self -- Return contact info for the owner of this information , i.e. the user on whose behalf this request is being made .
In this case , the response format is the same as when requesting all contacts , but any contacts not matching the requested ID MUST be filtered out of the result list by the Service Provider .
The problem with this approach is that it assumes that every implementer will have complete control of their URI space and that clients should have URL structures baked into them .
The reason this practice is a bad idea is well documented in Joe Gregorio 's post No Fishing - or - Why ' robots.
txt and ' favicon.ico ' are bad ideas and should n't be emulated where he lists several reasons why hard coded URLs are a bad idea .
The reasons against include lack of extensibility and poor support for people in hosted environments who may not fully control their URI space .
The interesting thing to note is that both the robots .
txt and favicon .ico scenarios eventually developed mechanisms to support using hyperlinks on the source page ( i.e. noindex and rel= " shortcut icon " ) instead of hard coded URIs since that practice does n't scale to Web - wide usage .
The latest drafts of the OpenSocial specification have a great example of how a service can use existing technologies such as URI templates to make even complicated URL structures to be flexible and discoverable without having to force every client and service to hardcode a specific URL structure .
Below is an excerpt from the discovery section of the current OpenSocial REST API spec
A container declares what collection and features it supports , and provides templates for discovering them , via a simple discovery document .
A client starts the discovery process at the container 's identifier URI ( e.g. , example.org ) .
The full flow is available athttp://xrds-simple.net/core/1.0/; in a nutshell : Client GETs {container - url} with Accept : application / xrds+xml Container responds with either an X - XRDS - Location : header pointing to the discovery document , or the document itself .
If the client received an X - XRDS - Location : header , follow it to get the discovery document .
The discovery document is an XML file in the same format used for OpenID and OAuth discovery , defined at http://xrds-simple.net/core/1.0/: < XRDS xmlns= " xri://$xrds " >
< XRD xmlns : simple = " http://xrds-simple.net/core/1.0 " xmlns= " xri://$XRD*( $ v*2.0 ) " xmlns:os = " http://ns.opensocial.org/2008/opensocial " version = " 2.0 " >
< Type>xri://$xrds*simple </Type >
< Service >
< Type >
http://ns.opensocial.org/2008/opensocial/people</Type>
<os:URI - Template > http://api.example.org/people/{guid}/{selector}{-prefix|/|pid}</os:URI-Template>
</ Service >
< Service >
< Type >
http://ns.opensocial.org/2008/opensocial/groups</Type>
<os:URI - Template > http://api.example.org/groups/{guid}</os:URI-Template>
</ Service >
< Service
< Type >
http://ns.opensocial.org/2008/opensocial/activities</Type>
<os:URI - Template > http://api.example.org/activities/{guid}/{appid}/{selector}</os:URI-Template>
</ Service >
< Service >
< Type >
http://ns.opensocial.org//2008/opensocial/appdata</Type>
<os:URI - Template > http://api.example.org/appdata/{guid}/{appid}/{selector}</os:URI-Template>
</ Service >
< Service >
< Type >
http://ns.opensocial.org//2008/opensocial/messages</Type>
<os:URI - Template > http://api.example.org/messages/{guid}/{selector}</os:URI-Template>
</ Service >
</XRD >
</XRDS >
This approach makes it possible for a service to expose the OpenSocial end points however way it sees fit without clients having to expect a specific URL structure .
Similarly links should be used for describing relationships between resources in the various payloads instead of expecting hard coded URL structures .
Again , I 'm drawn to the example of RSS & Atom feeds where link relations are used for defining the permalink to a feed item , the link to related media files ( i.e. podcasts ) , links to comments , etc instead of applications expecting that every
Web site that supports enclosures should have / @rss / {id} / @podcasts URL instead of just examining the < enclosure > element .
Thus it is plain to see that hyperlinks are important both for discovery of service end points and for describing relationships between resources in a loosely coupled way .
Now Playing : Prince - When Doves Cry
By Dave Hitt on Nov 12 , 2016 in Featured , Political Correctness , Politics | 4 Comments
Hillary lost the electoral college , which is the only thing that matters , but won the popular vote by a mere .3 % .
Against a buffoon like Trump .
With the nearly all of the media on her side .
With her party squeezing out a more popular candidate to hand her the nomination .
With the payoffs ( bribes in advance ) she received from every sector of big business .
Point .
Three .
Percent .
That ’s pathetic .
That ’s a rounding error .
Hillary ’s almost daily scandals from Wikileaks , which her supporters shrugged off , proved over and over again that she is a duplicitous weasel .
Obamacare , which she promised to expand , is a massive failure , and more huge rate increases , on top of the last huge rate increases , and the huge rate increases before that , left people scared and angry .
Her stance on gun control inspired RTKABA fans to stockpile guns and ammo , and imagine that The Government was going to strip them of one of their most important rights .
Her plan to finance a massive influx of fundamentalist Muslims terrified anyone who is watching how they ’re behaving in Europe right now .
But there is another reason , perhaps the biggest reason of all , that people voted for Trump ( as opposed to merely voting against Hillary . )
The far left has spent the last several years smugly insisting that everyone who disagrees with them is a racist , sexist , homophobic , ignorant , misogynistic Nazi .
They ’ve used “ white ” as a racial slur and “ cisgendered ” as an insult .
This is especially prevalent in social media .
If you politely say , “ Here are three reasons I think this particular Obama policy is a bad idea , ” there is an approximately 100 % chance someone will reply , “ You just do n’t like having a black president . ”
If you say , “ I agree with about 80 % of what you ’re proposing , but here is why I think you ’re wrong about the rest , ” you can be certain someone will inform you that your opinion does n’t matter because you ’re white or straight or male .
It ’s even worse in the 3D world , where they literally scream and screech to drown out anyone they do n’t like , and get people fired for perfectly innocent comments .
These approaches are n’t meant to enlighten or convince anyone , but to shut down the conversation .
And it works .
There are only a few ways to handle such creatures .
You can insult them , you can ridicule them , or you can flip them off and walk away .
And a substantial percentage of the people on the receiving end of such vitriol kept their middle finger extended , walked into to voting booth with it still raised , and used it to pull down the lever * for the Howler Monkey .
The screechers on the left , in their infinite ignorance , have n’t figured this out yet , and instead of taking a deep breath and trying to figure what they did wrong , have * raised * the volume of their screeching by an order of magnitude .
My personal opinion of Trump voters is based solely on many conversations with friends and acquaintances who actually like The Orange One .
None of them are anything like the stereotype painted by the far left .
Racist :
Not a single one .
I do n’t hang out with racists .
Homophobic : Nope .
Not one .
Misogynist : Again , not a single one .
Many of them are women .
Anti-immigration : Most of them , although they ’ll mostly upset about illegal immigration .
Anti -free trade : Most of them .
Anti-Obamacare : Every one of them .
Anti-abortion : Most of them .
War Mongers : Some of them .
I ’d say it ’s about 60 - 40 split between those who want to ramp up our wars and those who want to bring everyone home and just worry about our own borders .
People who think Snowden and Assange are heroes :
All of them .
People who dislike government in general : Nearly all of them .
Hard working people who are disgusted with the status quo in government : Every single one of them .
Low Information Voters : None of them .
Every Trump fan I know is well - informed about politics , history , and a plethora of other subjects .
I often strongly disagree with their conclusions , but I know they did n’t reach them via ignorance .
Your experience may be different , especially if you ’re a lefty who has built themselves a nice little echo chamber of Big Brother fanboys who join you in condemning anyone with the impertinence to have a different opinion , and has never actually had a beer or smoked a cigar with a Trump supporter .
I despise Trump .
And Hillary .
Both are deeply horrible people , but that does n’t mean the people who voted for either of them are horrible .
They ’re just people , and with a few exceptions ( like the screechers ) are good and decent people .
They are desperate to Make Things Better and are under the mistaken impression that The Government can accomplish that .
That is their biggest error in judgment .
If you ’re a lefty who is going to keep spewing your stupid , uninformed opinion that Trump supporters are all bigoted , ignorant rednecks , get away from me .
Go somewhere else and stew in your own juices , someplace out of earshot , because I ’m tired your smug superiority and hateful bigotry , which dwarfs the bigotry you imagine pervades the minds of Trump fans .
And stop by CVS and pick up a four - year supply of Preparation H. I hear that helps with butthurt .
– – –
* Yes , I know there are no levers any more .
I miss those old machines .
They gave a nice click when you flicked a lever up or down , and a loud , satisfying Ka-Chunk when you pulled the big lever over to finalize your vote and open the curtain .
They were solid and substantial , and made you feel like you were doing something worthwhile .
You were n’t , but at least it felt like you were .
One of the cool trends I ’ve seen is the use of distributed version control systems as “ super clients ” against Subversion .
You suck down the entire history of a Subversion repository into a local , private repository , do all of your commits locally , make branches , experiment all you want , then “ push ” back up to Subversion again .
On the internet , nobody knows you ’ve been using DVCS ( or that you ’re a dog . )
What ’s particularly cool about these bridging tools is that they allow users to try out DVCS before deciding to officially convert a whole project over .
Or , if a project happens to be using Subversion but you still want most of the power of a DVCS for local work , it ’s a perfect solution .
For all the blabbing I ’ve done about distributed version control systems , I ’m still a big fan of Mercurial .
Of all the DVCSes , I think it ’s the easiest to learn for svn users .
It has a small , tight set of commands , and the community which runs the project is polite and sane .
In any case , there have been a collection of Mercurial - Subversion bridges available for the last couple of years , but they ’ve all been deficient in various ways : either not capturing svn history entirely , or being unable to push back to svn correctly ( or only very awkwardly ) .
So I ’ve pretty much stayed away .
But today I want to plug a new bridge written by a friend of mine ( Augie Fackler ) who finally did it Right : he wrote a bridge called hgsubversion which ( 1 ) uses the actual Subversion API to pull history down ( which is faster , more accurate , and long - term sustainable ) , and ( 2 ) actually knows how to push changes back to Subversion correctly .
I want the world to be aware of this tool , because I think it ’s the first Mercurial - Subversion bridge which deserves to be promoted into the popular ranks with tools like git-svn .
The tool is still young and not generally installable by the public ( i.e. you ’re not going to find any magic .rpm , .dpkg , .zip or .dmg for it yet ) … but here are my cliff notes if you want to start playing with it .
Requirements
The latest ( unreleased ) Mercurial
Local Subversion libraries , at least 1.5 , with swig - python bindings built
A Subversion server that is 1.4 or later
To get the latest Mercurial :
$ hg clone http://selenic.com/repo/hg hg- latest
$ cd hg - latest
$ make
$ sudo make install
To get the latest Subversion python bindings :
$ # if you do n't have a binary package for svn-1.5 - python - bindings already ,
$ # this is a summary of subversion / bindings / swig / INSTALL instructions :
$ svn checkout http://svn.collab.net/repos/svn/tags/1.5.3
svn
$ cd svn
$ ./autogen.sh && ./ configure
$ make
$ sudo make install
$ make swig - py # make sure you have swig 1.3 installed already
$ make check - swig-py
$ sudo make install - swig-py
To get hgsubversion :
$ hg clone http://bitbucket.org/durin42/hgsubversion/ ~/hgsubversion
$ cat >> ~/.hgrc
[ extensions ]
rebase=
svn=/home/user/hgsubversion
^D
To make sure you ’re ready to go , do a final sanity check :
$ python -c " import svn.core ; print svn.core .
SVN_VER_MINOR
"
5
$ # if you get something less than 5 , you may have conflicting
$ # versions installed , and may need to set PYTHONPATH
Now you can clone your favorite svn repository , and use it locally :
$ hg svnclone http://svn.example.com/repos hg-repos
converting r1 by joe
A trunk /
committed as 24dfb7b51d606a921333e2b8f19a9a6aa5661a69 on branch default
[...]
converting r100 by jane
M trunk / goo
M trunk / moo
committed as 54dfb7b51d6d6a931333e2b8f19a9a6005661a62 on branch default
$
The tool currently assumes a ‘ standard ’ svn layout of / trunk , / branches , / tags , and then tries to pull them into sane mercurial equivalents .
After you ’ve made a bunch of local commits , you can push the changes back to subversion :
# 14336 Parry Bed and Breakfast Via Massimo ď Azeglio , 2 F , 37024 Negrar VR , Italy € 75 per night * Special rates available !
Type : Bed and Breakfast Condition : Private room Bedrooms : 1 Bathrooms : 1 Sleeps : 3 €75 Mario and Anne welcome guests to their Italian / English family home in Negrar , near Verona , Lake Garda and the Dolomite mountains .
We offer accommodation in large double / triple rooms with private bathroom and balcony .
The rooms have air - conditioning , tea a ...
# 8961 Tolfa Hotel Regione Lazio , Latium , Regione Lazio , Italy Rates upon request * Special rates available !
Type : Hotel Condition : Entire home / apt Bedrooms : 13 Bathrooms : 13 Sleeps : 30 The Tolfa Hotel is brand new .
It is situated in the heart of the Maremma Laziale in the central part of Italy not so far away from Rome .
It offers all comforts in its 13 rooms and it covers a surface of 1800 square metres .
All rooms overlook the breathtak ...
# 2306 [ Untitled Vacation Rental ] Toscana , Toscana , Toscana , Italy Rates upon request * Special rates available !
Type : House Condition : Entire home / apt Bedrooms : 2 Bathrooms : 2 Sleeps : 4
The apartment is very quiet , suitable for families with children , and it ’s close to the most beautiful cities of Tuscany .
You will enjoy a spectacular view of “ vall di merse ”
The apartment is a separate house close to wood and surrounded ...
# 6914 Villa Ponticello Brescia , Lombardia , Brescia , Italy Rates upon request * Special rates available !
Type : House Condition : Entire home / apt Bedrooms : 6 Bathrooms : 4 Sleeps : 18 Villa Ponticello , Manerba del Garda , Lake Garda
The villa has been skilfully renovated and converted into four luxury apartments and a studio , one apartment being occupied by the owners who are on hand to look after you as much or as little as you like d...
# 7170 FARMHOUSE LAVANA
Firenze , Toscana , Firenze , Italy Rates upon request * Special rates available !
Type : House Condition : Entire home / apt Bedrooms : 3 Bathrooms : 3 Sleeps : 8
This farm house enjoys an enchanting position , surrounded by the protected area of the St. Antonio Forest .
Lavana is located at an altitude of 577 meters and with just a 3 hour walk , one can arrive at 1500 meters , passing by the forests of chestnut and ...
# 3331 tuscan villa with exclusive pool Tuscany , Toscana , Tuscany , Italy Rates upon request * Special rates available !
Type : Villa Condition : Entire home / apt Bedrooms : 4 Bathrooms : 3 Sleeps : 9
This independent , elegant Tuscan Villa with private garden and swimming pool is situated in a small , quiet village in the heart of the Tuscan ‘ Appennino ’ with splendid panoramic views of the surrounding valley and forests of chestnut trees .i...
# 5380 Chalet inside Etna Natural Park Zafferana Etnea , Sicile , Zafferana Etnea , Italy $ 60 per night
min. 2 nights * Special rates available !
Type : Chalet Condition : Entire home / apt Bedrooms : 1 Bathrooms : 1 Sleeps : 0 $ 60 Near mount Etna , the biggest european active vulcano , inside Etna Natural Park , the house will be the perfect starting point for your excursions .
Stay with fireplace and angle baking .
The garden is equipped of barbecue table and bench .
I bathe with showe ...
# 7684 Sanfocasa .
Vacation house in Salento .
Lecce , Apulia , Lecce , Italy Rates upon request * Special rates available !
Type : House Condition : Entire home / apt Bedrooms : 2 Bathrooms : 1 Sleeps : 5
Our vacation home is located in Puglia in the province of Lecce , more precisely in San Foca .
Located only 100 meters far from the sea and from one of two larger sandy beaches of San Foca , the apartment is located on the ground floor and consists of a bedr ...
# 8965 Ca ' Vecchio Pozzo Venice , Venetia , Venice , Italy $ 230 per night
min. 3 nights * Special rates available !
Type : Apartment Condition : Entire home / apt Bedrooms : 3 Bathrooms : 2 Sleeps : 5 $ 230 In central historical Venice , a few steps from St. Mark ’s Square , the very centre of the town .
The apartment is on the first floor of a XVI century palace with private water entrance .
It 's very comfortable in size ( around 1615 sqfts ) .
It has three b...
Just a reminder that the remaining Committee stages of the dreadful Counter - Terrorism Bill 2008 , being debated in the House of Lords today , still contain plenty of things which should not be allowed onto the statute book .
e.g .
The Counter - Terrorism Bill 2008 Clause 83 Offences relating to information about members of armed forces etc .
UPDATE : this clause has now been re-numbered to be Clause 75 , in the version of the Bill which goes forward to the Report stage in the House of Lords .
(1) After section 58 of the Terrorism Act 2000 ( c. 11 ) ( collection of information ) insert -- " 58A Eliciting , publishing or communicating information about members of armed forces etc ( 1 ) A person commits an offence who -- ( a ) elicits or attempts to elicit information about an individual who is or has been -- ( i ) a member of Her Majesty 's forces ,
( ii ) a member of any of the intelligence services , or
( iii ) a constable ,
Why are all police constables covered by this ?
Why not current and former Judges , prosecutors and prison warders ?
Why are witnesses not " protected " in this way either ?
which is of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism , or ( b ) publishes or communicates any such information .
( 2 ) It is a defence for a person charged with an offence under this section
to prove that they had a reasonable excuse for their action .
Why should you have to prove that you are innocent ?
It should be the prosecution who have to prove that you are guilty .
The increasingly common " reverse burden of proof " evil , which the Home Office keeps inflicting on everyone - they really do not like the traditional " golden thread " of English justice , that of " Innocent until proven guilty , beyond reasonable doubt , on actual evidence " , do they ?
Surely this will have a chilling effect on journalists , bloggers and biography writers etc . ?
Will the study of military history be illegal ?
All the senior members of the Royal Family are current or former military officers .
Will the vast publishing and media industry which surrounds them now be deemed to be illegal ?
It is likely that this law will be used by petty jobsworths , to try to harass anyone who takes a photograph of any military , or police personnel .
Since it also covers former members of the armed forces , surely this will chill any reporting of , or even the organisation of , Remembrance Sunday / Poppy Appeal memorial parades and events etc ?
(3) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liable -- ( a ) on conviction on indictment , to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 10 years or to a fine , or to both ; ( b ) on summary conviction -- ( i ) in England and Wales or Scotland , to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum , or to both ; ( ii ) in Northern Ireland , to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum , or to both .
( 4 ) In this section " the intelligence services " means the Security Service , the Secret Intelligence Service and GCHQ ( within the meaning of section 3 of the Intelligence Services Act 1994 ( c. 13 ) ) . [... ] "
Why is any of this necessary given the " thought crime " over broadness of the existing Terrorism Act 2000 section 58 , which has been used to convict Abu Bakr Mansha to 6 years in prison , for the possession of a single , out of date address of a serving British soldier ?
Given the hundreds of thousands of military names , addresses and other personal details which have been lost or stolen recently , what use is this clause 83 in practice ?
See the previous Spy Blog article : Counter - Terrorism Bill Clause 83 - chilling effect on reporting or speculation about military or intelligence service or police personnel ?
Insert a File
Double click an image or file to insert it into the page .
Show : All Media Images Other Files Page : Jump : Double clicking a file :
inserts the file links to the file
Upload New File
You must sign in to upload files .
Insert External Image by URL
Enter an external image address , click " Load " , then double click the image to insert it into the page .
Engineers and researchers at the IBM Hursley development lab in England and Almaden Research Center in California have set a record in storage speed , outperforming the current rate by more than 250 percent .
By combining Flash solid - state technology and IBM 's storage virtualization technology , the researchers were able to transfer data at more than 1 million Input / Output ( I /O ) per second .
The results have profound implications , especially for businesses that rely on computational speed such as reservation systems and financial trading systems .
Solid state storage is faster than traditional disk drives because it uses no moving parts .
It also requires less floor space and energy .
But experts say achieving gains will need more than new hardware .
The results were achieved using Flash solid - state technology coupled with IBM 's industry leading , highly scalable storage virtualization technology .
Under the codename " Project Quicksilver , " IBM achieved groundbreaking results in transferring data at a sustained rate of over one million Input / Output ( I/O ) per second -- with a response time of under one millisecond ( ms ) .
Compared to the fastest industry benchmarked disk system Quicksilver improved performance by 250 percent at less than 1/20th the response time , took up 1/5th the floor space and required only 55 percent of the power and cooling .
Performance improvements of this magnitude can have profound implications for business , allowing 2 - 3 times the work to complete in a given timeframe for classic workloads , enabling tremendous efficiency for time sensitive applications like reservations systems , and financial program trading systems , and creating opportunity for entirely new insights in information warehouses and analytic solutions .
Details of the SAN Volume Controller SPC - 1 Results are available at : www.storageperformance.org/res … _results_spc1#a00052
When compared with the IBM System Storage SAN Volume Controller using traditional disk storage devices .
Provided by IBM
Explore further Microsoft turns to holographic solutions for cloud storage
VP hopefuls Joe Biden and Sarah Palin shake hands following a vice presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis Thursday .
Palin clears bar , still falls short
ST .
LOUIS — Millions of Americans were watching Thursday night ’s vice presidential debate , waiting for a demolition derby moment — another crash by GOP running mate Sarah Palin , another serving of raw material for the writers at " Saturday Night Live . "
By that standard , she got out alive , though there were white - knuckle moments along the way : questions that were answered with painfully obvious talking points that betrayed scant knowledge of the issue at hand and sometimes little relevance to the question that had been asked .
Advertisement
But recent days have given John McCain ’s team little reason to suppose that not - that - bad is good enough .
The Republican ticket ’s sliding polls and narrowing electoral map gave it a different imperative in Palin 's showdown against Joe Biden .
That was to alter the trajectory of the race in a way reminiscent of how Palin first enlivened Republicans — it seems long ago now — when she joined the ticket in late August .
Absent new polling , there is little reason to think she cleared that bar in St. Louis .
To the contrary , it is hard to count any objective measures by which Biden did not clearly win the encounter .
She looked like she was trying to get people to take her seriously .
He looked like he was running for vice president .
His answers were more responsive to the questions , far more detailed and less rhetorical .
On at least 10 occasions , Palin gave answers that were nonspecific , completely generic , pivoted away from the question at hand , or simply ignored it : on global warming , an Iraq exit strategy , Iran and Pakistan , Iranian diplomacy , Israel - Palestine ( and a follow - up ) , the nuclear trigger , interventionism , Cheney 's vice presidency and her own greatest weakness .
Asked which is a greater threat , a nuclear Pakistan or a nuclear Iran , Palin seemed to be stalling , or writing a term paper , when she said : “ An armed , nuclear armed especially Iran is so extremely dangerous to consider . ”
Biden was crisper , with a dose of realism : “ Iran getting a nuclear weapon would be very , very destabilizing .
They are more than — they are not close to getting a nuclear weapon that 's able to be deployed . ”
Biden relentlessly and clearly delivered a specific message he had been assigned to hammer home : McCain - Palin would be four more years of Bush - Cheney .
Biden mentioned President Bush more than a dozen times .
" Look , past is prologue , Gwen , " he said at one point .
" The issue is , how different is John McCain 's policy going to be than George Bush's ?
I have n't heard anything yet . "
By contrast , Palin was in much more of a survival mode , barely delivering on her advisers ' hopes that she would be aggressive with Biden , throwing gaffes and policies back at him .
For the Alaska governor , it was policy as a second language — adequate but not enlightening .
She twice referred to the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , Gen. David McKiernan , as " McClellan . "
Biden did not correct her .
Washington power lawyer Robert Barnett , who helped Biden prepare , said viewers would come away with the sense that Palin " is a nice person , an interesting person but not a qualified - to - be - the - president - of - the - United - States person . "
Biden , he said , " was anecdotal , was a little bit emotional " and showed " professionalism , preparation and knowledge . "
Of course , there is long experience at this point showing that it is the subjective measures — who strikes more voters as more appealing , more genuine , more plausible — on which these encounters turn .
On this ground , both candidates had their moments .
From the moment she blew a kiss as she walked onstage , the Alaska governor was folksy and spunky , dropping a “ bless their hearts ” here , a “ God bless ‘ er ” there and “ darn right ” — twice .
She showed a cheerful confidence that must have been hard to muster after the humiliating coverage of her amateurish interviews with Katie Couric of the “ CBS Evening News . ”
Biden offered a fluent , self - assured performance of the sort that cannot be especially hard for him after two presidential campaigns , 35 years in the Senate and countless appearances on Sunday morning programs .
People impressed by references to legislation , or citations of his record in world hot spots from Bosnia to Darfur , got these in spades .
But Biden also had the evening ’s most powerful emotional moment , when he responded to an exchange about how well the candidates relate to the struggles of ordinary Americans by recalling his first wife and daughter — killed in an automobile accident shortly after his election to the Senate in 1972 .
Biden seemingly choked up as he said : “ Look , I understand what it 's like to be a single parent .
When my wife and daughter died and my two sons were gravely injured , I understand what it 's like as a parent to wonder what it 's like if your kid 's going to make it . ”
But the past couple of weeks have offered little evidence that political theatrics — so important in many elections — are what most voters are looking for in the current circumstances , with an economy on the brink and a global financial crisis threatening to push it over .
The debate did nothing to arrest — and may even have helped cement — a gradual but unmistakable turnabout in the race , with Barack Obama gaining in polls and momentum and McCain losing ground in must - win states .
The financial meltdown has put a new premium on competence , and Palin did nothing to show she is ready to be in charge .
After Obama wrapped up the Democratic nomination in June , the Republican knock against him was supposed to be that he was too exotic and too risky .
But in the months since , Obama chose a Washington fixture in Biden , and McCain chose a little - known and little - tested maverick from Alaska .
McCain suspended his campaign and elbowed his way into sensitive financial bailout talks , with little to show for his efforts , while Obama kept his distance and made a show of consulting with Robert Rubin and Warren Buffett .
Obama and Biden both offered somewhat subdued debate performances that showed technical command of policies .
In many ways , Obama - Biden has taken ownership of the play - it - safe vote , and McCain - Palin have become the more unpredictable and potentially risky choice .
The Obama campaign got a good laugh out of her answer about when nuclear weapons should be put into play : " Nuclear weaponry , of course , would be the be-all , end - all of just too many people in too many parts of our planet , so those dangerous regimes , again , cannot be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons , period . "
The " be-all , end - all " is already a punch line around Washington .
Asked about the role of the vice president , Biden was comfortable , after discussing the issue with the boss , to say : " I would be the point person for the legislative initiatives in the United States Congress for our administration . "
Palin's answer was more abstract and obscure : " We have a lot of flexibility in there , and we 'll do what we have to do to administer very appropriately the plans that are needed for this nation . "
And she had at least a couple of harp - seal - on - the - ice moments , as when she wandered into this sentence when trying to rebut a point Biden had made on energy : “ That is not so , but because that 's just a quick answer , I want to talk about , again , my record on energy — your ticket 's energy ticket also .
I think that this is important to come back to , with that energy policy plan , again , that was voted for in ' 05 . ”
But if there were some moments that seemed ripe for mockery , there were also many that showed Palin ’s skill in taking debates out of the realm of Washington arcana and to a kitchen - table vernacular .
Sometimes that vernacular came with a sharp edge , as when she lectured Biden , “ Your plan is a white flag of surrender in Iraq , and that is not what our troops need to hear today , that ’s for sure . ”
She was more folksy when she talked about taxes , and even seemed to be channeling Ronald Reagan , the supreme example of a politician who connected to voters even while making Washington elites cringe with his shaky grasp of policy detail .
“ Now you said recently that higher taxes or asking for higher taxes or paying higher taxes is patriotic , ” she told Biden .
“ In the middle class of America , which is where Todd and I have been all of our lives , that 's not patriotic .
Patriotic is saying , ' Government , you know , you 're not always the solution .
In fact , too often you 're the problem so , government , lessen the tax burden and on our families and get out of the way and let the private sector and our families grow and thrive and prosper . ' ”
If Palin had cleared the expectations who were rooting for or praying to avoid a nationally televised splat , Obama campaign manager David Plouffe said she had met his team ’s expectations almost exactly .
“ We ’ve said all along that she ’s a very talented politician ; she proved that again tonight , ” said Plouffe .
“ But she ’s selling a failed product . ”
Victoria McGrane contributed to this story .
June 15 , 2006 -- --
Going into Thursday 's Iraq debate in Congress , both sides had news points to bolster their arguments -- for war supporters , it was recent the killing of Abu Musab al - Zarqawi and the completion of the Iraqi cabinet ; for war critics , the fact that U.S. deaths in Iraq today hit 2,500 .
Both also went into the debate armed with political talking points .
The most unusual came via a document sent out by Office of the Secretary of Defense to an assortment of congressional aides , as well as to the Iraqi Embassy and the U.S. Ambassador to Belgium .
The 74 - page document is an exhaustive rebuttal of criticisms of the war and a defense of the administration 's conduct of the war .
The document , labeled " Iraq floor debate prep book , " was emailed on Wednesday afternoon to a handful of Democrats as well as Republicans -- and was then abruptly recalled .
Thursday afternoon , Sen. Frank Lautenberg ( D - N.J. ) sent a letter to Rumsfeld complaining that his office had spent " taxpayer dollars to produce partisan political documents . "
Lautenberg also suggested that the document may have violated laws prohibiting the Executive Branch from using taxpayer dollars for lobbying and propaganda activities .
The Pentagon later said the document was produced by the National Security Council -- but did not offer an explanation as to why it was sent out by the Office of the Secretary of Defense .
Republicans on the Hill were not happy that the document was sent to Democrats -- or that it was produced at all .
" I 've never seen anything like it , " said one Republican aide , noting that the document went well beyond a Statement of Administration Policy .
" I mean , a 74 - page document -- are you kidding me ? "
The aide added : " It did more harm than good for the Republican cause . "
A New Debate Over an Old Issue
The flap came as both chambers engaged in contentious debates on Iraq , and specifically , the question of when to withdraw troops .
House members held their first full - day debate on Iraq since Congress granted President Bush the authority to wage war in 2002 .
The House was specifically debating a resolution that declared it was not in the " national security interest " of the United States to set an " arbitrary date " for the withdrawal of troops from Iraq .
The resolution also cast Iraq as part of the global war on terror , and declared the U.S. was " committed " to finishing the mission in Iraq .
Democrats complained that the debate was unfair , since they were prevented from offering amendments or alternatives .
But it produced plenty of fiery rhetoric from both sides .
" Our fighting men and women remain committed to the effort [ but ] the battle is not over , " said House Speaker Dennis Hastert ( R - Ill . ) .
" The alternative would be to cut and run and wait for them to regroup and bring the terror back to our shores . "
" This resolution is a restatement of the failed policy of this administration , " responded Rep. John Murtha ( D - Penn . ) , a war critic and former Marine who advocates withdrawing troops .
" You know who wants us to stay in Iraq right now ? " he asked .
" Al Qaeda wants us there because it recruits people for them .
In the Senate , Republicans tried to exploit divisions among Democrats over the issue of troop withdrawal , by bringing up a proposal they knew would fail to pass -- one requiring that almost all U.S troops leave Iraq by the end of the year .
It was identical to a measure filed by Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) , but it was Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) who brought it up ; other Senate Democrats have been working to come up with a consensus alternative -- but as of yet they have not been able to agree on language .
Kerry aides say he still plans to bring up his amendment for a vote next week .
