ROME , Italy —
Just blocks away from Rome ’s famous Campo dei Fiori , on a dark cobblestone alley , stands an old three - story building .
Inside , waiters flit from table to table as customers drink into the night .
But they are not drinking glasses of Brunello or Amarone — Open Baladin only serves tall glasses of Italian craft beer .
At this first and largest Italian craft beer pub , customers choose from 38 beers on tap and an entire wall of selected bottles — all Italian .
“ Open Baladin aims at becoming a showcase of Italian artisan beer , ” said owner Leonardo di Vincenzo , who inaugurated the pub earlier this year with business partner Teo Musso , currently the largest brewer of artisanal beers — generally defined as those made in small batches production using traditional methods — in Italy .
“ Ordinary customers that are curious about beer come here and say , ‘ Wow !
Italy too knows how to make beer , ’ ” said di Vincenzo .
Di Vincenzo became serious about beer after quitting his job as a chemist at the University of Rome .
What started as a hobby in his kitchen became “ Birra del Borgo ” — a profitable brewery with a yearly output of nearly 1,900 barrels of beer crafted in Borgorose , a tiny town tucked away in the mountains of central Italy .
“ At the beginning town locals thought I was crazy , ” said di Vincenzo .
“ Now I ’m a hero . ”
Italian brewers like di Vincenzo are n’t bound to century - old brewing traditions like producers in England , Belgium or Germany .
With that freedom to experiment with many styles , Italian microbreweries gained international respect after just a decade of brewing .
But much of the hype is owed to a few pioneer Italian pub owners who single - handedly pushed craft beer to the masses .
[ Who else likes beer ? - The Czech love affair with beer ]
“ When I ’m behind the bar I do beer evangelization , ” said Manuele Colonna , a longhaired , former heavy - metal DJ who now owns an internationally famous pub in the popular Trastevere district of Rome .
The oldest and smallest craft beer pub in Rome , Ma Che Siete Venuti a Fa .
( Fulvio Paolocci / GlobalPost )
His pub — Ma Che Siete Venuti A Fa , “ Why Did you Even Come Here ? ” — is the antithesis of Open Baladin .
It ’s a hole - in - the - wall with a wide selection of Italian and international beers , and a crowd of hardcore fans that is always trailing outside .
Ratebeer.com considers Colonna ’s pub the second - top beer destination in the world .
Italian craft beer production is still minimal .
It makes up about 1 percent of the country 's overall beer production , in comparison to 8 percent artisanal production in the U.S.
But in a sign of the artisanal brewers ' success , tension has begun to grow among the tight - knit circle of brewers and pub owners .
Open Baladin now serves virtually all the Italian microbrewer labels , but has an underlying conflict of interest .
One - third of all beers on tap belong to the owners .
" Because you are opening a bar to sell your own product , it ’s a different philosophy , ” Colonna said .
He looks at Open Baladin as a smart marketing move but publicly pulled out from the venture months ago .
He says Italy ’s artisanal beer scene is too small to feed such a thirsty enterprise .
“ It ’s not possible to push out 40 different draft beers without avoiding that the kegs go bad or that problems occur , ” said Colonna , who offers 16 draft beers at Ma Che Siete .
“ Unless you have the right personnel who can push out all the beers at the same time . "
Colonna first promoted di Vincenzo ’s beer “ Re - Ale , ” helping it become one of best - selling beers in Italy .
In 2007 , beer protegee di Vincenzo and beer guru Colonna joined forces and opened Bir&Fud .
It has since become one of the highest - rated restaurants in Rome , serving slow - food style pizza and a selection of Italian craft beer .
“ We ’re pretty radical and somewhat fascist in our choices of products we serve our customers , ” said Bir& Fud Beverage Manager Aleandro Scarpetti .
To him , craft beer triggers emotions .
But those emotions are laced with concern .
Among craft beer spots , the opening of Open Baladin has brought prophecies of a draught .
By turning more beer drinkers to craft brews , Open Baladin has widened the Rome circuit and caused a steep increase in demand , which Colonna says Italian brewers are not prepared to meet .
“ In the end , bigger artisan - beer players will offer their facilities to microbrewers , and then give them a place to sell , ” said Colonna .
To him , there is potential for the artisan beer world to turn into a cartel .
To di Vincenzo , pairing up his Borgo Brewery with Teo Musso ’s Baladin Brewery was the best option to keep growing — and a preemptive move against the risk of a corporate takeover .
“ Italy lacks awareness , ” said Di Vincenzo .
“ As soon as a brewer becomes bigger everyone attacks him by saying he has lost the charm of an artisan producer . ”
Haiti village left to fend for itself after earthquake
By Matthew Price
BBC News , Haiti
The UN base at Leogane is full of vehicles , equipment , food , water and men .
They are stationed to the west of Port - au - Prince at the end of a road leading through the small settlement where we are told some 5,000 people have been left homeless .
But instead of being out in the village , the UN representatives at this base are clustered around the front gate , laughing as they buy shampoo from a local salesman .
And while they do this , just a two - minute walk down the road in the village itself , the injured and the homeless are waiting .
As you drive in , they emerge from among the palm trees and sugar cane through the banana groves , and everyone wants to tell their story .
Nothing left
We are the first people from outside to come to Leogane since the quake hit .
As for the UN troops down the road ?
" No , " says one man .
House after house has been destroyed .
Beds lie mangled under the weight of rubble .
A child 's bicycle sits atop one pile .
Paul Ernest has fashioned an improvised shower in front of what was his house
They have salvaged what they can and the meagre belongings that they have left are now sitting out in the fields next to the shelters they are putting up - tents made of old sheets and , if they are lucky , some salvaged corrugated iron held fast against a tree branch .
Down one lane , a man grins as he chops the end off a plank , part of what will be his new home .
And atop a concrete block stands Paul Ernest , a pink towel tied around his waist .
Here , under what remains of the balcony of his old house , is his new shower .
People point to houses where relatives were killed .
Others gently say they have nothing left .
One man says the water is no longer safe to drink .
People are thirsty .
Some plead for help , to come and see the injured .
A makeshift shelter is put together by villagers
They bring one man out , his leg dragging behind him in the dirt .
A church and a school are damaged .
The village pharmacy is flattened .
Any medicine that might help here is trapped inside the rubble .
Under a sheet sits Marianne Deboulie .
She has a bandage tied around each of her swollen legs .
Both , she says , are broken .
The concrete fell on top of her and pinned her down .
Up above , a lone military helicopter hovers for a moment .
From inside , someone looks down at us , and then the aircraft flies away .
Communication difficulties Back at the base , the World Food Programme is about to distribute some biscuits .
They 've brought in half a lorry load .
Also back at the base , the UN troops stand around in the shade .
A lone helicopter hovers above the village A UN spokesman said the 9,000 peace keeping personnel in Haiti are helping with the relief efforts and one of their roles is providing a secure environment for aid to be distributed .
There are communication difficulties and perhaps the commander could not get proper orders , or information .
But surely , you might think , he could send a few men into town to see if there was anything they could do ?
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Image Credit : Pro's Choice
When Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask stepped on the ice at Fenway Park before the NHL Winter Classic , you may have noticed Rask was sporting a new mask to commemorate the event .
The Fenway - themed mask was painted by Georgetown , MA native Luke Dobie , who owns LD Designs .
Dobie along with Beverly police officer Mike Boccuzzi and Domenic Malerba of Pro's Choice in Middleton contributed to the design of the mask .
I recently had the opportunity to ask Luke a few questions about his Winter Classic masterpiece .
How did you get involved with painting Tuukka Rask 's mask for the NHL Winter Classic ?
I got involved with painting Tuukka 's mask for the WC through my friend Mike ( Boccuzzi ) .
As soon as news broke that the Winter Classic was going to be held at Fenway he tried to get the gears rolling on it .
Having painted one of Mike 's masks before , he wanted to bring me into the project , which I had no problem with .
When did you get involved in this project ?
I did not fully get involved in the project until ... probably mid-November .
What was Mike Boccuzzi 's initial design concept like ?
Mike brought me some really rough design ideas ( really rough pictures cut and pasted onto a drawn goalie mask ) .
I liked what he had , so I took them back home with me and changed things around a bit .
His original idea was a great one to start with .
The idea was his : the bear coming over the pressbox section of Fenway , the logos on each side and Rask around the chin in a Red Sox font .
There were supposed to be WC colored socks on one side .
Basically , the Red Sox socks ; colored differently .
The bear on Tuukka 's mask looked a lot like the bear on Andy Moog 's old mask .
I read an article that said you got your start painting goalie masks as a kid when you painted your street hockey mask to replicate Andy Moog's .
Was this design a subtle nod to the Bruins past and your memories of growing up a B's fan ?
The bear was designed off a reference picture of a bear I found .
To me , the current bear on his mask did n't look like a bear at all .
All the past Bruins goalies have had decent looking bears that actually looked like bears .
Moog , Tallas , and Ranford to name a few .
My thought process was to get back to something actually looking like a bear .
Maybe subconsciously it was a subtle nod to previous B's goalies .
As it does have some design elements of the previous goalies I mentioned .
Moog 's mask was an instant classic as soon as it hit the ice .
In a way , the coloring and jagged looking black fur on the bear I did are definitely similar to Moog's : http://www. thehockeynews.com/imgs/ dynamique/photos/original/ article_19288_2.jpg
However , the artist who did Fernandez 's mask really paid tribute to Moog more so than me :
http://www.tanhaa.net/wp- content/uploads/2009/11/manny- fernandezRonaldMartinezGI.jpg
Here are a few that I somewhat wanted to get back to in terms of design ..
and some of the bears I used :
I understand you added some of your own ideas including the chewed up Yankees jersey .
Tell about the design elements that you added and your thought process .
In terms of the rest of the mask , there had to be snow coming down from the sky .
It 's only fitting because the game was being played outdoors .
Once I had the bear down , to make it look a bit more mean , I had it breaking away parts of the wall .
This just gave the mask a bit of movement and something to make the bear look more alive .
You can't just have a giant bear hanging out on top of the fenway pressbox without it doing something .
The Yankees jersey ... this idea was Dom Malerba 's and mine .
How can you mention the red sox without mentioning the Yankees ?
The jersey moved back and forth between the claws and teeth of the bear throughout the design process .
I finally decided to hang it from a tooth to get it right out there on the front of the mask for people to see .
We threw around the idea of adding a number on the jersey , but to be honest I was n't even sure that the yankees logo would be shown .
I thought Tuukka was going to be asked to tape over it .
Overall , while painting this mask , I wanted it to be clean first and foremost .
Most mask painters do n't spend the time to make sure their work is clean with no cut marks from a knife and no overspray etc .
The good ones do of course .
Not only did the mask have to be clean , but it had to be something everyone would remember .
It had to be something that people themselves would want to buy .
Something that would characterize the event , the atmosphere and the history of the ballpark and team .
Hopefully , I accomplished all that .
Most of your business is painting for the motorsports industry .
Now that you have painted the mask for Tuukka Rask , have any other NHL or college goalies approached you about painting masks for them ?
Goalie masks are a totally different market than what I 'm used to .
The clientele working with motorcycles and race cars is much higher .
That 's not a knock at hockey players , that 's just how it works .
Race cars can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars so the person getting involved with them is expecting the absolute best work they can find .
Same with motorcycles .. both are extremely expensive activities .
There 's more of a connection with art in motorsports , between having race shells and cars painted as well as their helmets .
Customers have more of an understanding that artwork is going to be pricey and have a high quality to it , much like going to Ferrari and spending a decent amount of money on a perfect hand built exotic .
I 've had clients ask me to redo paint jobs for the most miniscule things .
So at the point I 'm at now , everything has to leave my shop as perfect as possible .
I 've had people comment saying that the whole helmet looks like it 's done by a computer , or it looks " factory . "
People want the best quality they can get if they are spending their hard earned money .
Plus , my name is on it ... I do n't want to be associated with lesser quality jobs .
I could go on and on about the quality of jobs , but I wo n't bore you with that .
Other hockey business ... there have been a few bites ... but nothing I can really talk about at this time .
I usually try to keep all my jobs hush , hush until they are complete and the customer wants to show them off .
Most of the customers want to show off their artwork themselves and brag a bit , so I let them do that instead of showcasing it myself .
Do you still play hockey ?
Are you a goalie ?
If so , does having the goalie mindset ( let 's be honest you goalies are a different breed ) help you come up with designs that capture the personality of the specific goalie you are working with ?
I do still play hockey off and on and I am a goalie .
Having a goalie mindset really did n't tie into the design at all really .
I think the artistic mindset comes first no matter what , with me at least .
What was the feedback from Tuukka about his mask ?
Did he have any role in the design process ?
I never got to meet Tuukka during the design period at all and get to know him .
Most of the time I sit down with the client and talk through designs .
I do n't like to have the whole design process happen like a business meeting .
I stress that they should have their personality in the artwork and have it be unique to them .
Most of my customers are great and I keep in touch with them after the job is complete .
After all , it should be fun to do something like this .
I do kind of wish Tuukka had a say in the design process and brought his ideas to the table .
But he has a busy job and should be concentrating on that :)
What happened to the mask after the Winter Classic ?
After the WC , I was told Tuukka was keeping the mask .
I did not receive any feedback from him directly on the mask , but I heard that he liked it .
I 'd like to meet up with him at some point for some feedback .
Like I said , I like to keep in touch with my clients and get as much feedback as possible .
When I finished the paint , the mask was put together by Dom Malerba , I grabbed it really quick to take some nice pictures of it , then gave it back to him .
I 'm not sure how it made it into Tuukka 's hands after that .
Were you able to attend the Winter Classic or any of the events surrounding the game ?
Unfortunately , I was unable to attend the Winter Classic game itself .
Which I was fine with , considering it was really cold out .
I was able to attend the Legends game which was fun .
Very cold , but fun .
It really was tough to see the game from where I was seated ( on the 3rd base side ) but was able to get up on top of the green monster and watched quite a bit of it from there .
The rink was really designed for those seats .
The view was much better , the only downside was the wind and snow coming up over the top freezing us all .
I guess there was more going on around Fenway during the Winter Classic ?
I did not have a chance to check any of it out .
I would have liked to however .
I was taking a look at your site .
As a big Simpsons fan , I have to say I love the Lisa the Goalie mask .
Who did you paint that for ?
That mask of Lisa Simpson was great !
The goalie is Lisa Plenderleith .
She 's a goalie or was a goalie up at Colgate University .
I 'm not sure what year she is now .
That was actually her idea to put Lisa Simpson on the mask wearing the same equipment that she wears .
I thought it was great and added a bit more to it including some of the buildings around Colgate and the logo on the chin .
I thought it was a great idea , really fun to do .
I wish I could find some action shots of her wearing it .
Tell me a little bit more about your company and the services you have available .
If any beer leaguers out there want to have a mask painted by you , how can they get a hold of you ?
Right now I 'm trying to stir up more business for myself .
I 've always been a fan of Troy Lee Designs and to get to the point where I have other painters working for me has been an ultimate goal of mine .
Of course there 's quite a bit of work to do before I make it to that goal , but it 's something I love doing .
Growing up we were all told to do something with our lives that we enjoy .
Most of us do n't follow that , but it 's something I 've been working on since roughly the 4th grade and will continue to work at .
I should have a new website up within a month or two , so other goalies can get a hold of me through my email ( Luke.LDDesigns@gmail.com ) and see some work on LukeDobieDesigns.com
<< Older Blog | Archive |
01 Dec 2009
Our Anti-Decorations Will Darken - Up Any Room
For some , Christmas is all carols , mince pies and baby Jesus .
For others it 's a good excuse to meet up with friends and relatives for a day or so .
And for others it 's a grotesque and desperate orgy of consumption .
We know what you 're thinking - if only there were a way to ruin Christmas for all of these people at once .
Well now there is ...
For all you misanthropes out there , we made something that should overshadow any celebration like a cloud of depression and will induce pangs of guilt whenever anything remotely pleasurable occurs .
Behold our anti-decorations !
Download template : Anti-decorations PDF ( 900 kb ) or Anti-decorations hi-res JPEG ( 600 kb )
It 's an anti-Christmas tree fairy and a an anti-Christmas paper chain , designed to make sure we do n't forget the massive illegal war we 've been engaged in for 8 years .
Just a suggestion , but you could use lametta as ' electrical wires ' for the fairy .
And if Christmas means nothing to you - maybe you 're Muslim , for example - then view this simply as a decoration for your office or car .
It 's a gift .
Like democracy .
No , please , do n't thank us .
By Rory Reynolds
MASTER whisky distillers Ardbeg have launched a new malt they say is inspired by one of the world ’s largest whirlpools .
The new single malt – Corryvreckan – will be released later this month at an eye watering 57 per cent strength .
Costing around £ 60 a bottle , Dr Bill Lumsden , Head of Distilling at Ardbeg , said the whisky is one dram not targeted at beginners .
He said : “ Like the whirlpool , Corryvreckan is heady , intense and powerful – its ‘ finish ’ is long and deep , leaving the connoisseur with a lingering thought of a mysterious and daring journey . ”
There is expected to be high demand for the exclusive nip which will only be sold at specialist stores , as well as the Ardbeg website .
The whisky is inspired by the Corryvreckan whirlpool , part of the Gulf of Corryvreckan , which runs between the islands of Jura and Scarba off the west coast of Scotland .
Corryvreckan is the second largest whirlpool in the world and according to the Royal Navy one of the most dangerous stretches of water in the British Isles .
Hamish Torrie , Ardbeg Director , added : “ Ardbeg Corryvreckan has already had a tremendous welcome from our loyal followers , their hugely positive reaction has encouraged us to add it to the regular Ardbeg range . ”
See more of our pictures at our Flickr site and videos at our dedicated channel , Deadline TV .
Socialise : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Monday , August 31 , 2009
Categories : 1 , Scottish News .
Tags : Ardbeg , Corryvreckan , deadline press and picture agency , Deadline Scotland , Edinburgh News , scottish news , whirlpool , whisky .
Author : oliverfarrimond
1 Comment
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
A quick intro , my brother and I listened to this album a million times back in 1984 ( we were too young to see the movie in theaters ) .
I recently found an unopened copy on eBay and after a couple of trips to Radio Shack , and a borrowed record player , I digitized the sound , and have it here , to share with you , with the pages ( you can read along ! )
Gremlins Read Along Adventure on Vimeo .
Woodbridge , Virginia ( CNN ) --
The police photograph is chilling .
In grainy black and white tones , it shows 13 - year - old Martin Andrews sitting in a makeshift box , his leg chained .
The look in his eyes is one of fear , fatigue and disbelief .
He had just been rescued from a nightmare .
" I was abducted by a sexually violent predator by the name of Richard Ausley , who had been twice convicted for sexually assaulting young boys , and he had taken me for eight days , " Andrews recalled of his ordeal 37 years ago .
" I was left to die . "
As a survivor of a sex crime , Andrews is one face of an issue the Supreme Court revisits Tuesday : civil commitment , which allows the government to keep sex offenders in custody even after they have served their sentences .
Twenty states have such laws , including Virginia , where Andrews was held captive and repeatedly assaulted .
During Tuesday 's arguments , the justices expressed some doubts about whether the state 's duty to protect the public from " sexually dangerous " individuals might trump due process .
" Why does n't the federal government 's authority to have custody because of the criminal justice system end when the criminal justice system is exhausted ? " said Chief Justice Roberts .
" In other words , when the sentence is done ? "
" You are talking about endangering the health and safety of people , so the government has some responsibility , does n't it ? " countered Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
CNN normally does n't name victims of sex crimes , but Andrews , now a victims ' advocate , agreed to tell his story .
On the other side of the debate is the first sex offender released from Virginia 's civil commitment program , and one of just a handful nationwide .
" I served my time for what I did , and I did n't feel like I should be incarcerated again , " said this man , who asked that his identity not be revealed for fear of retribution .
" It was a scary thing to know that you could be committed to a mental institution for the rest of your life . "
The man said mandatory therapy helped him , but he thinks that could have been initiated while he was in prison .
There is widespread disagreement on whether civil commitment is a Catch - 22 .
In discussions of the effects of sex crimes , nothing is simple or dispassionate .
The practice of confinement in mental hospitals or treatment centers for those with severe mental illness has been around the United States since its founding .
Around the turn of the 20th century , many laws dealing with sexual psychopaths were passed .
Over the decades , the laws were repealed or rarely applied .
Then , in 1990 , Washington state became the first to pass an innovative civil commitment law specifically for violent sex offenders .
California , Wisconsin and New York , among others , later followed .
Such " predator laws " focused on risk assessment and prevention of re-offending .
It is a concept that the general public may not be aware exists .
The Supreme Court has upheld the use of such laws when the individual goal is rehabilitation , not further " punishment . "
But it has another , broader purpose .
" The primary goal is incapacitation , that is , protecting society from people who are predicted to be dangerous in the future , " said Eric Janus , author of " Failure to Protect " and dean at William Mitchell College of Law in St. Paul , Minnesota .
" The second goal is to provide treatment to these individuals . "
Critics of these programs say behavioral rehabilitation centers amount to prisons , are often overcrowded and understaffed , and rarely meet the stated goal of treating the " worst of the worst " offenders to the point they can rejoin society .
" The evidence is showing that it 's only becoming a detainment center for people they do not went on the streets , " said Derek Logue , a sex offender who was released and now advocates for offender rights through his Web site , oncefallen.com .
" They have no hope of getting out , and the odds are stacked against you . "
According to Justice Department statistics , 20 states use civil confinement , involving about 4,000 rapists , pedophiles and other sex offenders nationwide .
Estimates are that these programs cost taxpayers more than $ 700 million a year , almost $ 150,000 per individual .
That is about four times more than confining them in prison .
Virginia passed its civil commitment law in 1999 but had never fully funded it .
Andrews found out from a reporter in 2002 that his attacker was just weeks away from being released after 29 years behind bars .
Once a victim , now an empowered advocate , Andrews realized he had to act .
" I did n't know about other sex offenders .
I did n't know about the extent of the problem .
I only knew one , but I knew that one needed to be dealt with , " Andrews , 50 , said from his northern Virginia home , where he works as a program manger for a defense contractor .
State officials , he said , " all told me there was nothing to be done ; he was going to be set free ; that was it . "
But Andrews mobilized , lobbying lawmakers to quickly fund the program , despite a budget shortfall .
It worked , and the state has become a national model , using a tool called " Static 99 " that assesses which offenders qualify for civil commitment .
Andrews ' attacker remained behind bars but was killed by a fellow inmate before ever going into the treatment program .
The catalyst for the state 's change were once - dormant memories for Andrews , who now knew that he had to tell his story .
As a teenager in Portsmouth in 1973 , Andrews was walking to the store in snowy weather when a van pulled up and the man inside asked the boy whether he wanted to earn some extra money moving furniture .
Andrews agreed but instead was taken to a rural area and a metal box dug into the side of a hill .
" He looked at me , and he said , ' I 've got bad news for you .
You 've just been kidnapped . ' "
What followed was days of brutal rapes and beatings .
Ausley eventually left , and Andrews would certainly have died if some rabbit hunters had not stumbled upon him after hearing his screams .
Andrews believes that civil commitment is not the best tool , but for the most dangerous predators , " it is the only tool we have that is 100 percent effective , because they are removed from society .
They are removed from their triggers . "
The case before the Supreme Court on Tuesday deals with a federal law that has kept as many as 77 inmates held in federal prison in North Carolina under indefinite commitment .
The justices will decide whether the program enacted under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 is constitutional by infringing on a traditional state function .
The law was named after the son of " America 's Most Wanted " host John Walsh .
The justices said in 2007 that a Kansas law was neither double jeopardy ( second criminal punishment for the same crime ) nor " ex post facto " ( new punishment for a previous crime ) .
During the hourlong arguments , U.S. Solicitor General Elena Kagan said she recognized civil commitment is normally handled by the states .
But she noted federal authorities have the power and responsibility to keep sexual predators off the streets .
" The federal government has mentally ill , sexually dangerous persons in its custody , " said Kagan .
" It knows that those persons , if released , will commit serious sexual offenses .
And it knows too that states are often not in a position to deal with such dangers , not in a position to take custody and care and responsibility for those persons upon release from federal prison . "
Alan DuBois , attorney for the federal prisoners , said it was wrong for the United States to claim a public safety argument when justifying continued incarceration .
" The government 's argument essentially collapses into the notion , well , if it 's a good idea , it must be necessary and proper to do it .
I think that is just simply not correct , " he said .
" This statute is not written constitutionally , " he added .
" It effectively does require no connection between the underlying criminal charge and the subsequent commitment .
You can be in custody for any crime whatsoever . "
Courts have been at odds in the past with what kind of treatment must be provided and to what extent to pass constitutional muster .
Janus worries about the slippery slope if such laws -- federal or state -- are allowed to continue without strong judicial checks .
" The main danger of civil commitment of sex offenders is that it provides a precedent for doing an end run around those governmental protections , and we all may be comfortable right now because we say , ' Well , this is those people .
It 's not us .
It 's not our rights that are at stake , ' " he said .
" I think we all ought to be cognizant of the fact that these laws set a precedent that greatly expands the power of government to take away our liberty , not for something we 've done in the past , not after we 've been convicted and punished , but out of fear that we might commit a crime in the future , and this is a very very powerful and dangerous idea , " Janus said .
The white - haired man sitting with his lawyer outside Richmond says he is no longer a danger to society .
He served nearly eight years in prison for molesting three girls and nearly five years in forced civil commitment .
Despite that state confinement , including being the first of only about four men to be released from it , he says post - prison treatment helped him .
" I think that civil commitment is unfair , " he said .
" I 'm not against treatment .
I have done everything in my power to help myself " understand the effects of sexual abuse .
He said that being told just days before his scheduled 2003 release that he was being civilly committed left him feeling " hopeless . "
Shortly afterward , the man castrated himself with a razor in his jail cell .
After the transfer and years in the rehabilitation unit , he was freed and lives a quiet life -- albeit under constant electronic surveillance -- with no further reported incidents , says his attorney .
Lawyer David Hargett convinced the Virginia Supreme Court that his client had a constitutional right to contest his civil commitment .
" I have found talking with people they are shocked to hear somebody can be sentenced by a judge , serve out that entire sentence and then say , ' Wait a minute , we 're not going to let you go , ' " Hargett said , calling it a legal " black hole . "
" This treatment facility ... is a prison , let 's be honest .
It has barbed wire and locked doors . "
He said most in the Virginia facility realistically will never get out .
The high court case is U.S. v. Comstock ( 08 - 1224 ) .
Python comes with a handy module called ConfigParser .
It ’s good for creating and reading configuration files ( aka INI files ) .
However , Michael Foord ( author of IronPython in Action ) and Nicola Larosa decided to write their own configuration module called ConfigObj .
In many ways , it is an improvement over the standard library ’s module .
When I first looked at ConfigObj ’s home page , I thought it was well documented , but it did n’t seem to have any fully functional snippets .
Since I learn from docs plus examples , I found it harder to get started using ConfigObj when the examples were unavailable .
When I started writing this article , I was unaware that Michael Foord has already written his own tutorial on the subject ; but I had made a promise that I would write my own , so that is what you will get to read today !
Getting Started
First of all you will need to download ConfigObj .
Once you have that downloaded and installed , we can continue .
Got it ?
Then let ’s see what it can do !
To start off , open a text editor and create a file with some contents like this :
product = Sony PS3
accessories = controller , eye , memory stick
# This is a comment that will be ignored
retail_price = $ 400
Save it where ever you like .
I ’m going to call mine “ config.ini ” .
Now let ’s see how ConfigObj can be used to extract that information :
>>> from configobj import ConfigObj
>>> config = ConfigObj ( r " path to config.ini " )
>>> config [ " product " ]
' Sony PS3 '
>>> config [ " accessories " ]
[ ' controller ' , 'eye ' , ' memory stick ' ]
>>> type(config [ " accessories " ] )
As you can see , ConfigObj uses Python ’s dict API to access the information it has extracted .
All you had to do to get ConfigObj to parse the file was to pass the file ’s path to ConfigObj .
Now , if the information had been under a section ( i.e. [ Sony ] ) , then you would have had to do pre-pend everything with [ “ Sony ” ] , like this : config [ “ Sony ” ] [ “ product ” ] .
Also take note that the “ accessories ” section was returned as a list of strings .
ConfigObj will take any valid line with a comma-separated list and return it as a Python list .
You can also create multi-line strings in the config file as long as you enclose them with triple single or double quotes .
If you need to create a sub-section in the file , then use extra square brackets .
For example , [ Sony ] is the top section , [ [ Playstation ] ] is the sub-section and [ [ [ PS3 ] ] ] is the sub-section of the sub-section .
You can create sub-sections up to any depth .
For more information on the formatting of the file , I recommend the documentation linked to above .
Now we ’ll do the reverse and create the config file programmatically .
import configobj def createConfig ( path ) : config = configobj.ConfigObj( ) config.filename = path config [ " Sony " ] = {} config [ " Sony " ] [ " product " ] = " Sony PS3 " config [ " Sony " ] [ " accessories " ] = [ ' controller ' , 'eye ' , ' memory stick ' ] config [ " Sony " ] [ " retail price " ] = " $ 400 " config.write ( )
As you can see , all it took was 8 lines of code .
In the code above , we create a function and pass it the path for our config file .
Then we create a ConfigObj object and set its filename property .
To create the section , we create an empty dict with the name “ Sony ” .
Then we pre-pend each line of the sections contents in the same way .
Finally , we call our config object ’s write method to write the data to the file .
Using a configspec
ConfigObj also provides a way to validate your configuration files using a configspec .
When I mentioned that I was going to write this article , Steven Sproat ( creator of Whyteboard ) volunteered his configspec code as an example .
I took his specification and used it to create a default config file .
In this example , we use Foord ’s validate module to do the validation .
I do n’t think it ’s included in your ConfigObj download , so you may need to download it as well .
Now , let ’s take a look at the code :
import configobj , validate cfg = " " " bmp_select_transparent = boolean ( default=False ) canvas_border = integer ( min=10 , max=35 , default=15 ) colour1 = list ( min=3 , max=3 , default=list ( ' 280 ' , ' 0 ' , ' 0 ' ) ) colour2 = list ( min=3 , max=3 , default=list ( ' 255 ' , ' 255 ' , ' 0 ' ) ) colour3 = list ( min=3 , max=3 , default=list ( ' 0 ' , ' 255 ' , ' 0 ' ) ) colour4 = list ( min=3 , max=3 , default=list ( ' 255 ' , ' 0 ' , ' 0 ' ) ) colour5 = list ( min=3 , max=3 , default=list ( ' 0 ' , ' 0 ' , ' 255 ' ) ) colour6 = list ( min=3 , max=3 , default=list ( ' 160 ' , ' 32 ' , ' 240 ' ) ) colour7 = list ( min=3 , max=3 , default=list ( ' 0 ' , ' 255 ' , ' 255 ' ) ) colour8 = list ( min=3 , max=3 , default=list ( ' 255 ' , ' 165 ' , ' 0 ' ) ) colour9 = list ( min=3 , max=3 , default=list ( ' 211 ' , ' 211 ' , ' 211 ' ) ) convert_quality = option ( ' highest ' , ' high ' , ' normal ' , default= ' normal ' ) default_font = string default_width = integer ( min=1 , max=12000 , default=640 ) default_height = integer ( min=1 , max=12000 , default=480 ) imagemagick_path = string handle_size = integer ( min=3 , max=15 , default=6 ) language = option ( ' English ' , ' English ( United Kingdom ) ' , ' Russian ' , ' Hindi ' , default = ' English ' ) print_title = boolean ( default=True ) statusbar = boolean ( default=True ) toolbar = boolean ( default = True ) toolbox = option ( 'icon ' , ' text ' , default='icon ' ) undo_sheets = integer ( min=5 , max=50 , default=10 ) " " " def createConfig ( path ) : " " " Create a config file using a configspec and validate it against a Validator object " " " spec = cfg.split ( "
" ) config = configobj.ConfigObj( path , configspec=spec ) validator = validate .
Validator ( ) config.validate( validator , copy =True ) config.filename = path config.write ( ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : createConfig ( " config.ini " )
If you go and look at Steven ’s original configspec , you ’ll notice I shortened his list of languages quite a bit .
I did this to make the code easier to read .
Anyway , the configspec allows the programmer the ability to specify what types are returned for each line in the configuration file .
It also can be used to set a default value and a min and max values ( among other things ) .
If you run the code above , you will see a “ config.ini ” file generated in the current working directory that has just the default values .
If the programmer did n’t specify a default , then that line is n’t even added to the configuration .
Let ’s take a closer look at what ’s going on just to make sure you understand .
In the createConfig function , we create a ConfigObj instance by passing in the file path and setting the configspec .
Note that the configspec can also be a normal text file or a python file rather than the string that is in this example .
Next , we create a Validator object .
Normal usage is to just call config.validate ( validator ) , but in this code I set the copy argument to True so that I could create a file .
Otherwise , all it would do is validate that the file I passed in fit the configspec ’s rules .
Finally I set the config ’s filename and write the data out .
Wrapping Up
Now you know just enough to get you started on the ins and outs of ConfigObj .
I hope you ’ll find it as helpful as I have .
There ’s lots more to learn , so be sure to check out some of the links below .
Note : All code tested on Windows XP with Python 2.5 , ConfigObj 4.6.0 , and Validate 1.0.0 .
Further Reading
Download the Source
Oct. 1 , 2009  -- Guadalupe Benitez was prepared to battle her body -- she has polycystic ovarian syndrome , a condition that makes it difficult to conceive -- in order to have children with her partner , Joanne Clark .
But the couple never imagined that the greatest barrier between them and the family they wanted would be their doctor .
" Right off the bat , [ our doctor ] mentioned that when it came to insemination , she would n't be able to perform it , " said Benitez , 37 , of Oceanside , Calif .
" She had problems with people in same - sex relationships and it was against her religion . "
Benitez and Clark , 50 , said they were shocked and angry at the doctor 's admission but continued to see her at the North Coast Women 's Care Medical Group in Encinitas , Calif. , because their insurance plan did not offer other clinic options .
The couple says that their doctor assured them another doctor at the clinic would perform the intrauterine insemination ( IUI ) .
However , after 11 months of fertility drugs , testing , and an exploratory surgery , all while Benitez and Clark attempted home inseminations to get pregnant , they say every doctor at the clinic declined to perform an IUI for Benitez due to religious reservations .
" We felt dumped , " Clark said , adding that she and Benitez were physically and emotionally wrecked and devastated .
No Baby for You , Doctors Say
The couple sued Dr. Douglas Fenton and Dr. Christine Brody at the North Coast Women 's Care Medical Group for discrimination in 2001 and settled earlier this month for an undisclosed sum after eight years of litigation .
Although this may not be the first time a patient has been denied medical care for personal reasons , Benitez 's case demonstrates the narrow path doctors often walk between providing the best health care services and adhering to their own moral , ethical or religious beliefs .
" In general , religious beliefs or gender orientation should not interfere with the rights of an individual to reproduce , " said Dr. Sherman Silber , director of the Infertility Center of St. Louis at St. Luke 's Hospital in St. Louis , Mo . " If a doctor does n't want to care for a patient , the doctor has a right to decide who he or she is and is n't going to take care of .
But that conflicts with the discrimination issue . "
Converging Law , Medicine and Morals
In fact , Benitez 's case illustrates how a host of considerations , including law , medical practice and personal rights converge in a tangled system of checks and balances .
A patient has the right to receive the best care possible from their chosen physician , said Dr. Siva Subramanian , professor of pediatrics and obstetrics at Georgetown University Hospital .
But a physician has the right to personal beliefs and morals that may influence what they are willing to do medically .
Subramanian pointed out , however , that a physician 's beliefs may conflict with state and federal laws governing medical practice -- laws that a licensed physician has agreed to comply with .
In all cases , a physician should make relevant personal beliefs known to patients during the first meeting , Subramanian said .
And in cases where personal beliefs conflict with the law , physicians should be prepared to accept the consequences of standing by their beliefs .
" Ethics and law does not have to see eye to eye , " Subramanian said .
" But if there is a conflict between the law and whatever the moral or ethical beliefs are , the doctor has got the choice to either abide by the law ... or they 'll say , ' I understand the law but my ethical , moral and religious beliefs are such that I 'm going to stand firm , even if that means I have to go to jail . ' "
Legal Issues for Service Providers
But some argue that service providers , particularly those in the medical field , have a duty to avoid such conflict .
" If people choose to go into a particular field of medicine , practice medicine according to the standards of care of that field and in accordance with applicable civil rights laws , " said Jennifer Pizer , Benitez 's attorney at Lambda Legal , an advocacy group for same - sex rights .
Benitez 's case is another example of an issue that clashes repeatedly with some religious or moral beliefs -- doctors who do not perform abortions , for example , or pharmacies that do not stock prophylactics or dispense birth control or Plan B pills for use after unprotected sex .
Illegal Medical Actions
Had Benitez and Clark been turned away from the North Coast Women 's Care clinic , Pizer said the doctors would have committed a civil rights violation for denying care based on their opinion that same - sex couples should not be parents .
" It would not have been legal to turn her away at the first visit , " Pizer said .
" This was compounded and made much worse by the doctors ' repeated promises that [ Guadalupe ] would receive the treatment she needed .
It was a long series of broken promises . "
In fact , abandoning a patient in the middle of ongoing care is a far more egregious error in the medical community compared to voicing personal reservations about treatment and then referring a patient to another doctor .
" You cannot have somebody you are taking care of and in the middle of it , not give infertility treatment unless you told the patient clearly and specifically before you take them on as a patient that their [ treatment ] will not go beyond a certain point , " Subramanian said .
" As long as you 've got a license , you have an obligation and that supersedes moral grounds . "
Upon settlement , the North Coast Women 's Care Medical Group released a joint statement with Benitez and Clark , saying that " the defendants are sincerely sorry that Ms. Benitez and Ms. Clark have felt [ treated differently due to sexual orientation ] , and have never meant to treat Ms. Benitez with disrespect .
Defendants want all of their patients , including those who are lesbian and gay , to feel welcome and accepted in their medical practice , and are committed to treating all of their patients with equal dignity and respect in the context of the highest quality medical care . "
Since Benitez and Clark sued North Coast Women 's Care Medical Group , they have had three children with help from doctors at a different clinic .
Pizer said she believes the doctors at the North Coast Women 's Care clinic have understood the need to reconcile their religious views with applicable laws as well as their commitment to caring for patients .
" This will provide important guidance for other states when this question arises in other states , which , doubtless it will , " Pizer said .
" It makes clear that a person engaging in a profession or business has a responsibility to pick a line of work in which that person can follow their own moral precepts and also comply with applicable law . "
My roommate from Denmark was locked out of his room the other day and waited in the kitchen for the landlord to deliver a spare key .
I cooked dinner in the meanwhile and we got to talking .
At some point he asked me , “ Why are you here ? ”
—
“ Everyone keeps asking me that and I wish I had a quick , powerful answer , but it comes down to two things : wanting to explore , something I think most men want to do , and wanting to get away from the American way of life .
I really ca n’t say which one motivates me more to be here .
“ In America you go to college , which you ’re told is supposed to be the most fun years of life , and then you get a job taking orders from some pencil dick in this grand mission to chase money and accumulate stuff .
I do n’t need stuff — all I need in life is a laptop and good speakers .
I ’ll be happy anywhere because it ’ll keep me busy .
I can write , read , listen to music , stay in touch with friends and family …
I do n’t need more than that .
Now I date girls young enough who think that type of lifestyle is ‘ cool , ’ but if I ever want to have a family some day I ’ll probably have to make some changes .
“ I do n’t want to work 40 hours a week doing the same thing to be insulted with a 3 % raise and a pat on the head every year .
I do n’t want to count down the days to the weekend where I punish my liver because my week was so lifeless .
I do n’t want to wait until Saturday to take a book to a coffee shop and lose track of time .
In college they should sit you down on your first day and say : ‘ Ladies and gentleman , your mission in life is to make the days of the week irrelevant . ’
What day is today ?
I do n’t know .
Days of the week are bar and club names for me now , places I know are good .
Sunday : Casa Rosa .
Wednesday : Casa da Matriz .
Thursday : Democratica .
Saturday : Rio Scenarium .
I feel like I ’ve made it because I do n’t care what day it is .
“ Americans are lazy but they ’re not .
When it comes to money they ’ll work like fucking mules .
You ’ll never see someone put in as many hours as an American , kiss ass like an American .
They ’ll do anything to make that extra dollar to get that plasma television or dine in some frou - frou restaurant that got a good review by some idiot on the internet .
They ’ll grin and take it in the ass when the boss asks them to stay in on Saturday morning a month before performance reviews are due .
They will work and barely complain when you tell them they ca n’t take a long vacation .
Hell , even if you give them a lot of time off they would n’t know what to do with it .
They ’ll take a trip to the Caribbean or some pre-programmed cruise to be trapped with a bunch of whales , one handshake from projectile diarrhea .
“ When it comes to anything else Americans do n’t want to lift a finger .
I mean look at heath care .
Americans think it ’s pills and MRIs .
Why are n’t many people connecting the dots between the American diet and health care ?
Americans eat like pigs , look like pigs , get sick with diabetes , heart disease , god knows what else , and then complain that health care is too expensive .
Their lifestyle makes it expensive .
Do n’t get me wrong I believe the government should provide free health care for its citizens , but exercising four times a week is my health care .
Eating vegetables , cooking all my meals , avoiding junk food , drugs , stress — that ’s my health care .
I probably spend more hours a week on my health than on making money .
Americans do n’t cook or simply take care of themselves because they ’re too tired from making money .
They want to pop pills with side effects to keep eating ‘ comfort ’ food and sit on their asses .
After putting in a tough eight hours or more with the man that ’s all they have the energy to do .
“ And the women … ‘ I do n’t need a man .
I ’m independent .
I do n’t need a man , I got my own money , my own job .
I do n’t need a man . ’
The result is that an American girl thinks it ’s weakness to show a man how much she needs him .
I do n’t know if you had a corporate job in Denmark , but dating an American woman is like dealing with coworkers .
They ’re very careful with what they say .
Every laugh is meticulously orchestrated — she must ’ve laugh too hard now or you may think she thinks you ’re funny .
Every word ’s use was analyzed and judged — she must n’t show too much interest because that ’s weakness .
‘ Shit I just showed too much interest I have to be cold now — let me make fun of him about something . ’
I ’m lucky I ’ve spent enough time down here to know that that simply is n’t real .
That ’s not how women , as in women of the human race , really are .
Those American girls are basically programmed to be more distant than their nature .
And they wonder why they ’re so unhappy .
Nature is a powerful thing , and you ’ll always lose when you go against it .
“ The other night I went out with this Brazilian girl .
Very cute girl , a few years younger than me .
It was our second date and we went out to some gringo bar and after our first drink she looks at me and says , ‘ If you were leaving back to America right now , I ’d come with you .
I ’d take a chance and do it . ’
Other Brazilian girls have done and said similar ‘ weak ’ things , and Colombian girls as well .
And that ’s real , because the nature of a woman is she needs a man .
These girls here understand that .
They do n’t hide it , and I do n’t punish them for it .
A girl that knows she needs a man , that that ’s the point of her existence , will treat men very well .
She ’ll pleasure him , make him happy , hold onto him a little tighter at night .
You think an American girl will ever say something like that ?!
If I tell an American girl some of the things that the girls down here have said to me , she ’ll be shocked , ‘ But but that goes against the book !
They ’re showing too much interest !
They ’re showing weakness ! ’
“ You remember that American girl I brought back a couple weeks ago ?
Okay I know I ’m in Brazil and fucking an American girl looks bad , but truth is American girls have become perfectly designed for easy , meaningless sex .
It ’s like one step above jerking off … no emotions , just business — like getting with a prostitute .
It takes just three hours to get them in bed , and you ’re fucking her for the first time and she says cunt this , cock that , like she ’s in a porno movie , because she watches that too .
I just met the bitch and she ’s moaning that she likes how much I ’m beating her pussy up !
Look that ’s fun , like how jerking off with your left hand is fun , but it ’s not normal .
A normal girl will be quiet the first time , will be self - conscious , will wonder if she ’s pleasing you properly or not .
“ The Western culture has broken the women .
A girl wakes up and she ’s 30 and has no man and no hope for a man , yet she already passed on several who did n’t give her the tinglies or butterflies in her stomach or whatever the fuck term she uses .
Because of course the culture gave them this sense of entitlement as well , to think that with mediocre looks and ten extra pounds they can get a hot stud like they see in the magazines in line at the grocery store .
And then they get old and have to compete with younger and prettier girls .
They ca n’t win .
They wo n’t .
So what do they do ?
They throw themselves on young guys who still value older women as ‘ experienced ’ and ‘ mature . ’
But those guys age and get a clue , and then you see the woman going on 40 , working hard at the gym , desperately trying to fight the sag , bragging that she fucked this college guy .
What a miserable existence .
“ My parents are n’t American but in the end I ’m a product of that culture and it takes a lot of time and effort to fight the programming — to do what nature intended you to do .
Unfortunately I think I ’ll always be tethered to America .
My family is there and I can’t even talk to my mom on the phone without her guilting me into coming back and taking care of her , even though she does n’t need taken care of .
I do n’t know …
I ’m going to go back and the first month is going to be great with my family , and my friends , and then after that they ’ll be nothing for me .
I do n’t fit in there , and I do n’t exactly fit in anywhere else either .
What am I going to do in the States — get an American girlfriend ?
Get a 9 - 5 ?
Fuck that .
I do n’t know what I ’m going to do . ” [ culturewar ]
Several Doctor
Who castmembers have been spotted filming at Stonehenge .
According to The Sun , Matt Smith , Karen Gillan and Alex Kingston were seen on location at the landmark in Wiltshire .
The scene , which was shot at night , shows the stones illuminated by floodlights and surrounded by fog .
Last month , shooting in Wales continued on the new series despite the heavy snow .
In December , the cast and crew were pictured filming scenes in Croatia .
> Bill Nighy to guest in ' Doctor Who '
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Bankergate : Emails Expose Criminal Financial Dictatorship
At Work Geithner may be thrown under the bus as financial terrorists continue to profit
Steve Watson
Prison Planet
Jan. 12 , 2010
All 90 people aboard an Ethiopian Airlines plane were feared dead after it plunged into the Mediterranean , minutes after taking off from Beirut in a thunderstorm today .
Flight ET409 , a Boeing 737-800 , heading for Addis Ababa , disappeared off the radar some five minutes after taking off at 2:37 a.m. ( 0037 GMT ) .
The Lebanese army said the plane had broken up in the air before plummeting into rough seas .
Witnesses described the impact as a " flash that lit up the whole sea " and a " ball of fire " .
A UK Foreign Office spokeswoman said : " We can confirm that one British national and one dual national were on board Ethiopian Air flight number ET 409 departing from Beirut to Ethiopia , that crashed into the sea off the coast of Lebanon early this morning .
" A British Royal Air Force helicopter , based in Cyprus , has joined the Lebanese authorities ' search and rescue operation .
Our thoughts are with the families of all those involved in this tragedy . "
Also on board was the wife of the French ambassador to Lebanon , according to a French embassy official .
Lebanese President Michel Suleiman said he did not think the plane had been brought down deliberately , emphasising " a sabotage attack is unlikely " .
Defence Minister Elias el - Murr also said there was no evidence of a terrorist attack and that weather was " in principle " to blame for the crash .
Ethiopian Airlines CEO Girma
Wake said he had spoken with Lebanese authorities who had no word of survivors .
Eighty - three passengers and seven crew were on the flight , Lebanese Transport Minister Ghazi al - Aridi said at the airport .
Twenty - four bodies , including those of two toddlers , have so far been recovered .
At least six bodies were of Ethiopian origin , officials said .
Some of the bodies were so unrecognisable from the impact of the crash that DNA testing would be needed to identify them .
The remains of mangled aircraft seats and luggage washed up on the shore south of Beirut where the airport 's main runway is located .
Lebanese army patrol boats , helicopters and divers searched an area off Na'ameh , 10 km ( six miles ) south of the capital .
Fifty - four of those on board were Lebanese , 22 were Ethiopian , two were British and there were also Canadian , Russian , French , Iraqi , Syrian , and Turkish nationals .
Marla Pietton , wife of the French ambassador to Lebanon Denis Pietton , was on the plane , the French embassy said .
The Lebanese government declared a day of mourning .
Prime Minister Saad al - Hariri visited the airport to meet distraught relatives waiting for news of survivors , some of whom were angry that the plane was allowed to take off in bad weather .
" They should have delayed the flight for an hour or two to protect the passengers .
There had been strong lightning bolts and we hear that lightning strikes at planes especially during take - offs , " a relative of one of the passengers told a local television station .
Girma said he did not think the crew would have taken off in dangerous weather conditions .
" There was bad weather .
How bad it is , I will not be able to say .
But , from what I see , probably it was manageable weather otherwise the crew would not have taken off , " he told reporters in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa .
A 14 - strong investigation team from Ethiopia including Ethiopian Airlines officials arrived by plane in Beirut to help probe the causes of the crash .
Boeing said it was coordinating with the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board to assist Lebanese authorities in the investigation .
U.N. peacekeepers in Lebanon , Cypriot police , the British military stationed in Cyprus and the U.S. navy provided helicopters , ships and divers to aid search and rescue .
State - owned Ethiopian Airlines has positioned itself as a major player in international air traffic in Africa and has recently expanded its Asian network .
Girma said the plane , built in 2002 , last underwent a maintenance check on Dec. 25 and no technical problems were found .
The plane had been leased from a division of U.S. financing company CIT Group .
Ethiopian airlines has regular flights to Lebanon , catering for business clients and the thousands of Ethiopians who work there as domestic helpers .
Lebanese aviation sources said some of the passengers had been en route to Angola and other African countries .
Last Friday the airline announced an order for 10 of Boeing 's Next - Generation 737-800s for a total price of $ 767 million .
The last incident involving Ethiopian Airlines was in Nov. 1996 when 125 of the 175 passengers and crew died after a hijacked Boeing 767 crashed off the Comoros Islands .
Connecting the Community
by Valdis Krebs
We all live in multiple on - line communities .
What do these communities look like ?
Where are we located in each of our communities , and what role do we play ?
The diagram below shows an actual on - line community [ OLC ] .
Every node in the network represents a person .
A link between two nodes reveals a relationship or connection between two people in the community -- the social network .
Most on - line communities consist of three social rings -- a densely connected core in the center , loosely connected fragments in the second ring , and an outer ring of disconnected nodes , commonly known as lurkers .
Communities have various levels of belonging -- each represented by one of these rings .
You may belong in the core of one community , while being a peripheral lurker in another .
In the above diagram , we see three distinct types of membership in our community -- designated by blue , green and red nodes .
We have seen these three rings in all on - line communities we have examined .
The proportion of nodes in each ring in this population is fairly typical of most on - line communities -- the isolates [ lurkers ] outnumber the highly - connected by a large ratio .
The outer orbit in the network above contains the blue nodes .
They have been attracted to the OLC , but have not connected yet .
The blue nodes contain both brand new members , who have not connected yet , and passive members who have seen no reason to connect .
The passive group is the most likely to leave the OLC , or remain as absorbers - only of the content in the community .
Lurkers in online communities are often more than 2/3 of the group !
The green nodes have a few connections -- usually with prior acquaintances .
They are not connected to the larger community -- only to a small , local group .
They do not feel a sense of true membership in the larger whole , though they may identify with it .
The small clusters of friendships amongst the greens can be maintained by other media and do not need this particular OLC to survive .
They are also likely to leave or become passive and will likely do so in unison with the rest of their small circle of friends .
The inner core of the community is composed of red nodes [ zoomed - in view below ] .
They are very involved in the community , and have formed a connected cluster of multiple overlapping ego networks .
The leaders of the OLC are embedded in this core cluster .
The core members will stay and build the community .
Unfortunately they are in the minority .
The core node consists of usually less than 10 % of most on - line groups -- sometimes they are as few as 1 % of the total OLC .
Although small , they are a powerful force of attraction .
It is the core that is committed and loyal to the OLC and will work on making it a success .
They see a win-win for themselves and the group -- better connectivity will help the individual and the group simultaneously .
Online communities and social networks are often conceived and developed by businesses and organizations that focus on : " How can we use the online community to benefit us ? "
Focusing only on how to utilize the community , leads many organization to failure in building these communities !
They fail at community development by not creating a strategy that makes sure their target audience is gaining a positive experience and practical benefits from participating in the community .
It is amazing how many organizations try to build on - line social networks while ignoring the needs of the very people they are trying to attract and influence !
It is then no surprise when large chunks of their target group leave when the " next big thing " comes around : SixDegrees --> Friendster -->
Orkut-->MySpace-->Facebook-->Next ?
To build a vibrant and growing OLC , you need to support natural human behavior , not work against it .
You need to think sociology , not just technology !
Connections are key in on - line social networks -- people are loyal to what they are connected to and what provides them benefits .
People stick with established ties they trust .
Interacting with those we know and trust brings a sense of warmth and belonging to the virtual communities we visit via our computer screens .
Yet , we are open to meeting new people -- as long as they introduced by those we trust .
An established community , with dense interconnectivity , not only keeps existing members happy , but is also a large magnet for contacts of current members -- everyone wants to be connected and included in thriving communities that provide benefits to all members -- old and new .
The red core provides several advantages to the community builder and the network weaver .
The core are the advocates and will stay and grow the community in both size and connectivity
The core are analyzable and knowable -- they can be mapped , measured , and molded
The field of social network analysis [ SNA ] gives us tools to both know the net and knit the net .
SNA maps and measures the paths of information , ideas and influence in the community .
SNA reveals the emergent patterns of interaction in organizations and communities and allows us to track their changes over time .
Social network analysts do not focus solely on attributes of individuals .
They look at relations and exchanges between people and how these connections influence choices .
They examine the affect social networks have on the behavior of individuals -- how people influence social structures , and in return , how those structures affect the individuals embedded in them .
Growing a community is not just adding new members .
It requires adding both people and relationships -- nodes and links .
Node counts are important in social networks , but it 's the relationships -- and the patterns they create -- that are key !
A community thrives by its connections , not by its collections !
It 's the relationships , and the prospect of future relationships , that keep members active and excited .
Before we find success in Web 2.0 we must throughly UNlearn two memes from Web 1.0 .
Global Ecology Email this page | Print version | Bookmark it
Global Currents and Terrestrial Biomes Map
Click for more detail
Terrestrial Biomes Tundra Boreal Forest , Taiga Temperate Conifer Forest Temperate Broadleaf , Mixed Forest Montane Grassland , Shrubland Temperate Grassland , Savanna , Shrubland Mediterranean Forest , Woodland and Scrub Desert , Xeric Shrubland Tropical , Subtropical Dry Broadleaf Forest Tropical , Subtropical Grassland , Savanna , Shrubland Tropical , Subtropical Coniferous Forest Tropical , Subtropical Moist Broadleaf Forest Flooded Grassland , Savanna Mangrove Snow , Ice , Glacier , Rock Thermohaline Currents Surface Deep Bottom Phytoplankton Density High Low Driven by temperature and salinity gradients , the thermohaline current ( THC ) travels a 1,000 year circuit bringing cold water and nutrients up from the deep ocean and moving warmer water from the tropics toward the poles .
Part of the earth 's ocean circulatory system , this huge current moderates the potential extremes of climate , temperature and rainfall .
Ocean currents cause the nutrient rich cold bottom waters to upwell to the surface , providing a regularly renewed food source for phytoplankton - the foundation of the marine food chain on which other marine organisms depend .
Algae capture more of the sun 's energy in photosynthesis and produce more oxygen than all other plants combined .
1
Thermohaline Change Evidence is growing that the thermohaline current may be slowed or stopped by cold fresh water inputs to the Arctic and North Atlantic oceans .
This could occur if global warming is sufficient to cause large scale melting of arctic sea ice and the Greenland ice sheet .
Such a change in the current may be gradual ( over centuries ) or very rapid ( over a few years ) .
Either would cause planet wide changes in climate .
This effect may be part of what starts and stops the ice ages .
The land in the northern hemisphere has been unfrozen for less than half of the last 400,000 years ( see ice ages ) .
In 2005 , it was discovered that deep water formation under the Arctic " Odden ice tongue " had almost stopped .
3 ( See Arctic map . )
" Diatoms ( a kind of phytoplankton ) are estimated to " scrub " roughly as much CO2 from the atmosphere each year as all the world 's rainforests .
In coastal environments they account for as much as 90 % of the organic matter generated through photosynthesis . "
1
" Net primary productivity is the mass of plant material produced each year on land and in the oceans by photosynthesis using energy from sunlight .
Net primary productivity is the total food resource on the earth . "
2
The Arctic and Antarctic
Sea ice and glaciers are melting all over the globe from warmer temperatures .
Over 60 % of the world 's fresh water is stored in the ice sheets covering Antarctica - up to 4.5 km thick and up to 25 million years old .
The Ross ice shelf alone is as large as France .
The average temperature on the Antarctic Peninsula has risen 4.5 � F since 1947 .
All of the major floating ice shelves are shrinking - melting more during the summer than is being refrozen during winter - about 8,000 sq. km have been lost since the 1950s .
1
Were the West Antarctic ice sheet to melt due to climate warming , it could raise sea levels by 20 ft 2 .
Sea levels are already rising by 2 mm a year - faster than during the past 5,000 years .
3
Krill - small shrimplike sea creatures that are a major food source for seals , whales and penguins - feed on algae found on sea ice .
In Antarctica , they are concentrated northeast of the Antarctic Peninsula - but have declined 80 % since the 1970s .
4 Industrial air pollution from the developed world is carried on the dominant wind currents up to the arctic .
After settling onto the tundra , snow and ice it is absorbed into the food chain .
The people and creatures there have some of the highest concentrations of toxins in their bodies of anywhere on earth .
Climate Change
Scientific evidence and peer reviewed consensus affirm that climate change and global warming are happening .
The most potent research to date indicates that the extent and direction - warming or cooling - of climate change could be much greater and faster than previously predicted .
1 CO2 concentrations are already well above historic maximums .
The GWP ( Global Warming Potential ) of methane gas ( CH4 ) is 21 times greater than the GWP of CO2 .
Warming could release vast quantities of methane from thawing tundra and sea bed methane hydrates .
2
Main Human Activites Causing Destructive Effects on Ecosystems � Population and consumption growth �
Infrastructure development ( dams , urban growth , highways ) �
Land conversion ( deforestation , agriculture , urban growth ) �
Overharvesting / overexploitation ( overfishing , wasteful irrigation ) �
Release of pollutants ( human waste , agricultural / industrial chemicals , radioactivity ) �
Introduction of exotic species ( replacing and overwhelming indigenous species ) .
5
Biodiversity
Biodiversity is the variety of life found at all levels of biological organization , ranging from individuals and populations to species , communities and ecosystems .
A population is a group of individuals of the same species in a given location - a group that is genetically different from other such groups .
Species are made up of one or more populations .
There were an estimated 2.2 billion populations on Earth .
populations are going extinct at a rate of 32,000 per day .
The loss of populations is occurring three to eight times faster than species loss .
If all of a species ' populations but one are destroyed the species technically still exists .
However , all of the beneficial interrelations flowing from those populations and their biodiversity will have been lost .
Click for more detail
Deforestation and Habitat Loss " Conversion of forest or grasslands into croplands results in the local extinction of plant and animal species ... "
3
" The health of land and water - and of woods , which are the keepers of water - can be the only lasting basis for any civilization 's survival and success . "
4
Solar Energy
Some of the sun 's energy is being blocked from reaching the earth by air pollution .
Because the dirty air reflects light away from the earth before it reaches the ground , it has significantly reduced the reception of solar energy - calculations of the effect ( from 4 % to 30 % ) vary from region to region .
As this type of air pollution is reduced , the amount of energy absorbed by the earth will increase - possibly contributing dramatically to global warming and climate change .
Ozone Ozone gas in the upper atmosphere filters out the sun 's ultraviolet rays and protects life forms from overexposure .
This layer has been polluted by human activities and has developed thin areas or " holes " which let in more damaging levels of UV radiation .
This in turn adversely affects many life forms - plants , animals and humans .
Even after the various chemicals causing this effect are no longer being released , it will be decades or centuries before their disruptive effects disappear .
Space Debris
As of april , 2005 at least 13 nuclear reactor fuel cores , 8 thermoelectric generators , and 32 nuclear reactors are known to be in Earth orbits below 1700 km .
Low Earth orbit ~ 250-600 km from earth - International space station
Geosynchronous stationary orbit ~ 35,785 km from earth - communications satellites
~ 20,000 km from earth - Global Positioning System ( GPS ) satellites
Before 1961 , the entire Earth satellite population was just over 50 objects .
Now earth orbit is cluttered with : ~ 11,000 objects bigger than 10 cm , of which ~9,000 are catalogued and tracked ( ~8000 are of US or USSR origin ) - including around 600 functional spacecraft ; ~100,000 objects from 1 - 10 cm -- too small to track , dangerous to spacecraft ; and several million objects smaller than 1 cm .
What are they ?
Jettisoned mission junk , rocket fuel , space station garbage , abandoned rocket parts , used nuclear reactors , leaked radioactive coolant and exploded bits ( ~150 unplanned explosions of rockets and satellites have occured to date ) .
Collisions between orbiting debris make even more debris .
Hundreds of close passes ( less than 1 km apart ) occur daily between catalogued objects .
Each year around 100 objects fall out of orbit and survive re-entry , crash landing somewhere on earth .
Dozens of earth orbit satellites launched by the USSR and the USA between 1965 - 1988 used nuclear power .
Several have fallen out of orbit and crash landed .
Nuclear power systems are being considered for projects in the next decade .
About 75 - 100 new satellites are launched each year .
Sources
Oceans and Terrestrial Biomes Map Sources :
World Wildlife Fund Terrestrial Ecoregions , www.wwf.org
ESRI , http://www.esri.com/
Goddard Space Flight Center SeaWIFS data , www.gsfc.nasa.gov/topstory/20020801plankton.html,
Gaia , An Atlas of Planet Management ,
http://www.globalchange.umich.edu/globalchange2/current/lectures/fisheries/fisheries.html
Ecosystem and Biodiversity Text Sources :
1. Christian Science Monitor , " Tiniest Creatures in the World Reveal Health of Oceans " , Dec. 16 , 2004
2. Environmental Researc h Foundation , www.ejnet.org/rachel/rhwn256.htm
3. UNEP : Global Environment Oulook 3 , http://www.unep.org/geo/geo3/
4. A Short History of Progress , Ronald Wright , House of Anansi , 2004
5. " Threats to Global Biodiversity " , http://www.globalchange.umich.edu/globalchange2/current/lectures/biodiversity/biodiversity.html
http://news-service.stanford.edu/news/1997/october29/population.html;
What We Must Do to Counter the Biotic Holocaust , Myers , www.nwf.org/internationalwildlife/1998/holocaus.html
Antarctica Map Sources :
" Antarctic Region " ; Perry Castaneda Map Library , www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/; National Snow and Ice Data Center , http://nsidc.org;
National Geographic Maps , " Antarctica " , Feb . 2002
Sea Ice and Glaciers Text :
1. British Antarctic Survey , www.antarctica.ac.uk/Key_Topics/IceSheet_SeaLevel/ice_shelf_loss.html
2. Antarctic and Southern Ocean Coalition , " Ice Shelves " , www.asoc.org/general/iceshelve.htm
3. British Antarctic Survey , www.antarctica.ac.uk/Key_Topics/IceSheet_SeaLevel/index.html
4. British Antarctic Survey , www.antarctica.ac.uk/News_and_Information/Press_Releases/
Industrial Air Pollution Source :
" Impacts of a Warming Arctic " , Arctic Climate Impact Assessment , Cambridge University Press , 2004 , www.acia.uaf.edu;
Dominant Air Currents , Ocean Currents :
UNEP GRID - Arendal , www.grida.no
Climate Change Graphs :
WRI Earthtrends Database , http:/earthtrends.wri.org ;
Keeling , Whorf , C02 Research Group , Scripps Inst.of
Oceanography , http://cdiac.ornl.gov/ftp/ndp001/maunaloa.co2;
Vostok Ice Core Data for 420,000 Years , IGBP PAGES / World Data Center for Paleoclimatology , Series # 2001 - 076 ;
NOAA / NGDC Paleoclimatology Program , www.ngdc.noaa.gov/paleo/icgate.html;
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , " Climate Change 2001 " , www.grida.no/climate/ipcc_tar/wg1/221.htm;
Wikipedia , wikipedia.org / wiki/Ice_age ;
UNEP GRID Arendal , www.grida.no/db/maps/collection/climate5/2100.htm
Climate Change Text :
1. " Uncertainty in Predictions of the Climate Response to Rising Levels of Greenhouse Gases " , www.climateprediction.net/science/pubs/nature_first_results.pdf
2. Almanac of Policy Issues , US EPA Documents , " Climate Change " , www.policyalmanac.org/environment/archive/climate_change.shtml
3. www.truthout.org/issues_05/051005EA.shtml,
4 . http://www.usna.edu/Oceanography/courses/SO426_maksym/
Solar Energy
Text :
Global Dimming , http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/4171591.stm; en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_dimming
Space Debris :
Image : NASA
Text : UN Office for Outer Space Affairs : www.oosa.unvienna.org/
www.orbitaldebris.jsc.nasa.gov/index.html
Select a topic ... Climate & Biosphere Fresh Water Human Conditions Energy Supply Food and Soil Fishing & Aquaculture Development & Debt Wealth Toxic Pollution Weapons Biotechnology
You may not yet have heard of Michigan - based ­Sarcasm , Inc but it would be no exaggeration to say that it may soon be as big a household name as Tesco or Google .
Its product , perhaps the most innovative and original of the century so far , is a punctuation mark for sarcasm .
Although ­strangers to the mark might mistake it for a squiggle with a dot inside , the " SarcMark " will soon be turning up in our inboxes every day .
The question that will baffle future generations is how we managed to live without it for so long .
It 's surprising , given the ­brilliance of the idea , that it has never been suggested before .
­Admittedly , French poet ­Alcanter de Brahm proposed using a ­backward - facing question mark to denote irony in the late 19th century .
But that 's in no way similar to the scribbled brilliance of the SarcMark .
And the fact that US writer and satirist Josh Greenman proposed the upside - down exclamation mark as a " sarcasm point " in an article for Slate magazine in 2004 is equally ­immaterial .
The existence of numerous alternative solutions already in use , from emoticons such as :P , ;) and :) to pseudo - html markers such as [ /s ] and </ sarcasm > , is unlikely to be an ­obstacle to the SarcMark 's overnight success .
The real breakthrough of ­Sarcasm , Inc is the realisation that , ­despite having used sarcasm and irony in the written word for hundreds of years , humans are simply too stupid to consistently recognise when someone has said the ­opposite of what they mean .
The SarcMark solves that problem , and you can download it as a font for the reasonable price of $ 1.99 ( £ 1.20 ) .
Our prayers are answered .
Scarborough uses this interview with Evan Bayh to attack bloggers on the left for being too mean to his buddy Evan Bayh and play more of this can't we all get along game Bayh 's been singing since he announced his retirement .
Bob Cesca hit the nail on the head with this " half a loaf " nonsense out of Bayh today :
Bayh is really pathetic .
While chickening out because being in Congress is so hard and people argue about important issues , he scolded the left by suggesting , " Some progress is better than none . "
And , " Half a loaf is better than none . "
Well , first , I would argue that half a loaf is better than none , only if the goal is to always shoot for for the full loaf ( damn I hate the " loaf " metaphor , by the way ) .
Bayh , on the other hand , routinely aims for just the half a loaf .
Exactly .
He 's done nothing but undermine the agenda of the Democratic Party .
" Half a loaf " for progressive Democrats who want some actual reform is the public option , since single payer would be the whole loaf .
And of course in the clip above when Katrina Vanden Heuvel tries to ask Evan Bayh about the real problem with the Senate which is the filibuster and the money influencing its members , Joe and Mike make sure the segment ends before she can do any follow up .
Scarborough needs to just move on over to ClusterFox where he belongs .
According to an interview with the Advocate , Rep. Barney Frank is predicting that ENDA will go through mark - up in February and be on the House floor for a vote in March .
Barney is close to the House leadership , so it 's a safe bet that this means that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's promise that during 2010 she would not force Dems to vote on any controversial bills until after the Senate had voted on them will not apply to ENDA .
Which is a good thing , since ENDA 's fate in the Senate is a huge question mark .
What 's holding up ENDA ?
As I wrote last month , resistance to some aspects of trans inclusion is , not surprisingly , coming from conservative Dems .
According to Barney :
“ There continue to be concerns on the part of many members about the transgender issue , particularly about the question of places where people are without their clothes — showers , bathrooms , locker rooms , etc .
We still have this issue about what happens when people who present themselves as one sex but have the physical characteristics of the other sex , what rules govern what happens in locker rooms , showers , etc . ”
Well , that quote is n't up to Barney 's usual standard of verbal acuity , but whatever .
Developing language to secure these votes , plus revising sections to insure that ENDA is consistent with Title VII , is what advocates are working on now .
Meanwhile , conservatives are opening another attack on ENDA , arguing that it is a stepping stone to same - sex marriage .
A briefing paper from the Heritage Foundation concludes :
Even if courts redefining marriage do not , in a strict sense , construe nondiscrimination laws as creating , allowing , or authorizing same - sex marriage , one cannot deny the effect that nondiscrimination laws and other gay - rights policies might very well have on marriage cases .
... [ S ] ome courts might cite nondiscrimination laws and other gay - rights legislation as evidence that society has abandoned certain precepts undergirding a policy of defining marriage as the union of husband and wife or as evidence that society has embraced an evolving public policy of protecting homosexuality , either of which could make it more difficult for state officials to defend marriage ...
" Certain precepts undergirding a policy of defining marriage as the union of husband and wife " - whatever could that mean ?
A leading scientist has hit out at misleading newspaper reports that linked his research to claims that the current cold weather undermines the scientific case for manmade global warming .
Mojib Latif , a climate expert at the Leibniz Institute at Kiel University in Germany , said he " cannot understand " reports that used his research to question the scientific consensus on climate change .
He told the Guardian : " It comes as a surprise to me that people would try to use my statements to try to dispute the nature of global warming .
I believe in manmade global warming .
I have said that if my name was not Mojib Latif it would be global warming . "
He added : " There is no doubt within the scientific community that we are affecting the climate , that the climate is changing and responding to our emissions of greenhouse gases . "
A report in the Mail on Sunday said that Latif 's results " challenge some of the global warming orthodoxy 's most deeply cherished beliefs " and " undermine the standard climate computer models " .
Monday 's Daily Mail and Daily Telegraph repeated the claims .
The reports attempted to link the Arctic weather that has enveloped the UK with research published by Latif 's team in the journal Nature in 2008 .
The research said that natural fluctuations in ocean temperature could have a bigger impact on global temperature than expected .
In particular , the study concluded that cooling in the oceans could offset global warming , with the average temperature over the decades 2000 - 2010 and 2005 - 2015 predicted to be no higher than the average for 1994 - 2004 .
Despite clarifications from the scientists at the time , who stressed that the research did not challenge the predicted long - term warming trend , the study was widely misreported as signalling a switch from global warming to global cooling .
The Mail on Sunday article said that Latif 's research showed that the current cold weather heralds such " a global trend towards cooler weather " .
It said : " The BBC assured viewers that the big chill was was merely short - term ' weather ' that had nothing to do with ' climate ' , which was still warming .
The work of Prof Latif and the other scientists refutes that view . "
Not according to Latif .
" They are not related at all , " he said .
" What we are experiencing now is a weather phenomenon , while we talked about the mean temperature over the next 10 years .
You can't compare the two . "
He said the ocean temperature effect was similar to other natural influences on global temperature , such as volcanos , which cool the planet temporarily as ash spewed into the atmosphere reflects sunlight .
" The natural variation occurs side by side with the manmade warming .
Sometimes it has a cooling effect and can offset this warming and other times it can accelerate it . "
Other scientists have questioned the strength of the ocean effect on overall temperature and disagree that global warming will show the predicted pause .
Latif said his research suggested that up to half the warming seen over the 20th century was down to this natural ocean effect , but said that was consistent with the 2007 report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
" No climate specialist would ever say that 100 % of the warming we have seen is down to greenhouse gas emissions . "
The recent articles are not the first to misrepresent his research , Latif said .
" There are numerous newspapers , radio stations and television channels all trying to get our attention .
Some overstate and some want to downplay the problem as a way to get that attention , " he said .
" We are trying to discuss in the media a highly complex issue .
Nobody would discuss the problem of [ Einstein 's theory of ] relativity in the media .
But because we all experience the weather , we all believe that we can assess the global warming problem . "
A group of 74 US veterans has been involved in clinical trials which appear to have objectively diagnosed post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , something conventional brain scans , be it X -ray , CT or MRI , have thus far failed to do .
The findings , published today , Wednesday , 20 January , in IOP Publishing 's Journal of Neural Engineering , have sprung from advances in magnetoencephalography ( MEG ) , a non-invasive measurement of magnetic fields in the brain .
The researchers from the Minneapolis Veteran Affairs Medical Center and the University of Minnesota , led by Apostolos P Georgopoulos and Brian Engdahl , worked with the 74 veterans - all of whom had served in either World War 2 , Vietnam , Afghanistan or Iraq , and had been diagnosed with behavioural symptoms of PTSD - and a control group of 250 individuals from the general public with clean mental and neurological health .
With more than 90 per cent accuracy , the researchers were able to differentiate PTSD patients from healthy control subjects using the synchronous neural interactions test which involves analysing the magnetic charges released when neuronal populations in our brains connect or ' couple ' .
The ability to objectively diagnose or ' biomark ' PTSD is the first step towards helping those afflicted with this severe anxiety disorder which often stems from war but can be a result of exposure to any psychologically traumatic event .
The disorder can manifest itself in flashbacks , recurring nightmares , anger or hypervigilance .
Further to being able to distinguish between the neural activity of those suffering with PTSD and the mentally healthy , the researchers also found a positive association between the certainty of their predictions and the severity of symptoms which suggests we might also be able to use MEG to gauge levels and the true identity of each sufferer 's disorder .
The researchers write , " The excellent results obtained offer major promise for the usefulness of the synchronous neural interactions test for differential diagnosis as well as for monitoring disease progression and for evaluating the effects of psychological and / or drug treatments . "
This work , specifically on detecting post - traumatic stress disorder , follows success in detecting other brain diseases , such as Alzheimer 's and multiple sclerosis , using MEG , as reported in September 2007 .
The method was invented by one of the research leaders , Dr. Apostolos P Georgopoulos .
###
This latest research was funded by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs .
Decatur , Georgia ( CNN ) --
Given all their country and people have been through , between political upheavals , human rights abuses , hurricanes , abject poverty and last week 's earthquake , " If Haitians were constantly questioning their faith , they would all be atheists . "
These words came from the Rev. Eric Hill as he prepared to lead Haitian Mass Sunday at Saints Peter and Paul Catholic Church in Decatur , Georgia .
Some of the 100 Haitian parishioners who gathered raised their hands to the heavens in praise , grateful their loved ones had been found .
Others bowed their heads and clenched their hands for those lost , still missing and all who suffered .
One woman wept out of guilt because she -- a U.S. citizen -- had been able to leave her devastated homeland a day after the quake , while so many were left behind .
Their unshaken faith and devotion to God is the same sort that 's played out in other houses of worship , in living rooms and on the torn - up streets of Haiti .
Are you in Haiti and safe ?
Share your story , photos with CNN iReport
Carmella Delerme of Miami , Florida , said her mother clung to her Bible for days , reading psalms over and over again , as they waited for word on the whereabouts and condition of Delerme 's sister and other relatives .
When her sister , who was in Haiti on a missionary trip with their Seventh - day Adventist Church , called late Thursday , Delerme said , " I went straight to church and prayed and prayed and prayed .
We continue to pray for those who are lost and still in need . "
On the streets of Port - au - Prince , with many of their churches crumbled , people have gathered to worship and sing Catholic and Protestant hymns .
" That 's the soundscape of the country right now , " said Elizabeth McAlister , a professor of religion and anthropologist of Haiti who teaches at Wesleyan University in Connecticut .
" It 's the business of religion to create meaning out of chaos .
...
Tragically , the business of religion is getting a lot of trade today . "
See complete coverage of Haiti earthquake
It 's often said that 80 percent of Haitians are Catholic , although other estimates range from 55 percent to 85 percent .
McAlister , who puts her best estimate at 70 percent , said getting a proper census in Haiti to nail down numbers is impossible .
But between Protestant denominations and Catholicism , it is without doubt a majority Christian country , she said .
Weaved in , however , are the nuances that come with the country 's troubled history .
Colonized by the French , the land then known as Saint - Domingue emerged as one of the wealthiest colonies of the 18th century .
It 's flourishing sugar production and aggressive deforestation was achieved on the backs of half a million African slaves .
They brought with them their own belief systems , rooted in West and Central African traditions .
Haitian Vodou , often misunderstood and branded with stereotypes , has its own ceremonies and rituals meant to honor spirits , or loas .
These spirits , seen as intermediaries with God and links to ancestors , can be called upon for help .
And for practicing Christians , especially Catholics who can view saints as they would spirits , the two systems do not have to be mutually exclusive .
Not everyone is necessarily practicing Vodou , commonly anglicized as Voodoo , but McAlister said the Afro - Creole Haitian traditions are usually kept alive and the ancestral spirits are inherited by at least one member of every family .
Haitian - born Leslie Desmangles remembered being hurt as a boy by the words of Christian missionaries who misunderstood and demonized his peoples ' traditions .
Theirs were sentiments much like those uttered last week by televangelist Pat Robertson who said the Haitian people are " cursed " because they " swore a pact with the devil " to get out from under French rule .
Robertson 's comments were " insensitive , theologically unsound and loaded with racial connotations , " said Desmangles , a professor of religion and international studies at Trinity College in Connecticut .
In the Decatur church Sunday , the priest reminded his congregants that theirs is an all - loving God , not a vindictive one .
Their God , he said , is in the international outpouring of support from people who , one week ago , did n't know where Haiti was .
Their God is a rock of stability when the earth trembles .
Their God is the one who lifts them up " to mend our broken bones , to brush us off and to bury the dead , " Hill said .
And during this first Sunday Mass after the earthquake , their God was in the music that moved them .
To the distinctly Caribbean sounds of their band and choir , they sang hymns of praise to the one they believe stands with them .
" People continue to be God 's instruments , " the pastor said , with the help of a Creole translator .
" God will work through all of us to bring new life to Haiti . "
As he spoke , a little girl , too young to understand the pain around her , did what she could .
She planted kisses on the forehead of her anguished father , his face buried in his hands , before skipping off to make fish faces and giggle with other children .
Attorney Rob Corry has significant issues with Senator Chris Romer 's legislation concerning the relationship between doctors and medical marijuana patients .
Less critical is Dr. Paul Bregman , the medical director of the CannaMed USA doctor referral service .
Bregman actually believes the senator " is on the right track " even though the doc's a comparatively high - volume prescriber of the sort who 's drawn criticism from both Romer and Ned Calonge , Colorado 's chief medical officer .
Moreover , he encourages other doctors working in this specialty area to " come out of the closet and be part of the solution . "
Most medical marijuana physicians are laying low right now , but Bregman , a trained radiologist who 's been involved in the prescribing of medical marijuana for around three years , is open to speaking with the press -- although he 's not always happy with the results .
In today 's Denver Post article about Romer 's bill , he complains about being misquoted : " They used the word ' ridiculous , ' and I did n't say the word ' ridiculous . '
I said ' outside the law , ' " he maintains .
He also quibbles with some numbers in the report .
The Post stated that he 's written about 1,500 medical marijuana prescriptions since 2007 but only about 35 of them were for patients under age 21 -- an area of particular interest for Romer , who sees strong evidence of fraudulent diagnoses among 18 - to - 21 - year - old patients .
Bregman says the 1,500 patient figure is correct , with the number of younger patients adding up to between 5 and 10 percent of that total .
Related Stories Inside Ruling That Guts Colorado's Medical Marijuana Doctor Policy
Still , he feels it 's important to speak honestly about medical marijuana -- even if it does n't always reflect positively on each of his peers .
" Yes , there are rogue doctors , " he allows .
" But through technology , I think you can identify a rogue medical marijuana doctor just like you can identify a rogue doctor writing too many prescriptions for Vicodin and Percocet .
I think we need a sane policy as it applies to physician monitoring . "
Bregman emphasizes that " I do n't want to throw out what works with traditional medicine .
I 'm not a renegade .
I believe in good medicine -- the best medicine for patients . "
With that in mind , he advocates greater communication between medical marijuana patients and their primary - care physicians .
Ideally , he likes to see records of patients who 've been taking heavy pharmaceuticals prescribed by their regular doctor -- and then send them back to that caregiver with new information about how medical marijuana may be able to help .
At this point , someone is needed in his role , he believes , because many old - school doctors " are scared of medical marijuana because it 's listed as a schedule one drug , like heroin , and they 're not taught in school about it .
There 's fear and a lack of knowledge . "
In his experience , however , " more and more doctors are open to it " -- and once word spreads about the substance 's positive effects , a middle man may no longer be necessary .
" I see that happening in the future , " he says .
" But I think it 's going to take a while . "
Because he 's working in conjunction with other doctors , Bregman feels he does n't need to examine patients over a period of years -- the sort of relationship advocated by officials like Calonge .
" I can see people in ten or fifteen minutes , " he says , " and because of my expertise , I can evaluate 99 percent of them and feel good about it , because I 'm not missing a thing .
I can listen to the stories people are telling me and make sense of them medically and then advise them to tell their doctors what they 're doing with medical marijuana .
I can go from A to Z with a patient because I 'm a good doctor , a trained doctor who understands the law and practicing the art of medical marijuana . "
Regarding Romer , Bregman would like the senator to sit down with doctors like him , as well as other stakeholders , to hammer out a workable solution that would keep patients ' needs in the forefront .
Likewise , he'd like all parties to revisit the regulations three - to - six months down the line to determine if tweaks would make them more effective .
Whatever proposals eventually emerge , Bregman wants legislators to beware of addressing problems in a way that destroys the entire system .
" Let 's say there are 30,000 registration cards out there , and 25 percent of them are questionable , " he says , by way of example .
" That means 75 percent of them represent patients who are being helped .
That 's a lot of people . "
Together , he believes , " we can mediate and negotiate and come up with a sane policy that works . "
Chiappa Firearm's Revolutionary Rhino .357 Magnum Revolver
Dayton , OH –-( AmmoLand.com ) - Chiappa Firearms debuts a new production revolver and concept at the MKS Supply 2010 SHOT Show display ( booth 15549 ) .
Called the Rhino ( sort of resembles one too ) you will first notice that the barrel is actually at the bottom of the cylinder .
The gun is designed to fire from the bottom chamber of the cylinder ( 6:00 position not 12:00 as with other revolvers ) .
The new design resulted in improvements of the internal mechanisms over conventional revolver designs yielding up incredible reliability , a super - smooth action and improved safety .
Function over form !
The Rhino's low barrel design ergonomically shifts recoil energy into the center of the palm of the hand and in line with the forearm thus greatly reducing the effects of felt recoil .
Traditional revolver design ( semi- autos too ) place the barrel above the hand .
When the gun is fired the leverage applied by that design forces the recoil into the web area of the hand between the thumb and trigger finger causing significant muzzle snap .
Not the Rhino !
Due to this new design a shooter can now fire very fast and accurate repeat shots .
The Rhino is designed reduce its carry profile .
This design is even carried into the hexagonal shaped cylinder making for a flatter profile when carried ( especially handy for legal concealed carry ) .
The Rhino looks different , so what 's the deal ?
The looks are the direct result of the innovative improvements .
Then again who would have thought a few years ago that fiberglass stocks ( in color and with patterns ) would one day be routinely accepted on traditional wood sporting rifles or that pink revolvers would be a rage ?
Basic Specifications ( and more later as other variations or models develop ) :
Caliber : .357 magnum ( and of course .38 Special )
Barrel Lengths : 2,3,4,5 , and 6 - inch ( 4 - inch shown in image )
Basic weight 25 - ounces with a 4 - inch barrel
Frame Material : Ergal ( a high - strength aluminum alloy )
Metal finish : Blued or brushed alloy and stainless steel ( stainless version first available in U.S. )
Stocks : Composite rubber or wood .
One piece , retained by a single screw at the butt .
Capacity : 6 - rounds
Final fit and finish work done in U.S.A .
Stainless Polished Version Price ( MSRP ) 2 - and 3 - inch , $ 775 ; 4 - inch , $ 899 ; 5 - inch , $ 925 ; 6 - inch , $ 980 .
Availability : Stainless versions expected mid-May or early - June 2010 .
Additional background :
It all began in 2000 .
First , the full history of this Italian designed firearm is far too extensive for this press release , but a few facts may help you .
The Rhino is NOT the semi-automatic revolver referred to as the Mateba ( Accurately written as Ma.te.ba . ) .
The Ma.te.ba. and the Rhino are both designed by Emilo Ghisoni which may explain why the guns look similar .
Mr. Ghisoni and his friend and financial supporter Antonio Gudazzo completed the project .
When Mr. Ghisoni passed away in April 2008 Mr. Cudazzo then took the gun design to Mr. Reno ( no kidding ) Chiappa , proprietor of the Chiappa Group ( Italy ) of which Chiappa Firearms is a subsidiary .
Mr. Chiappa then contacted Ron Norton of Chiappa Firearms , Ltd. ( a subsidiary responsible for the developing of Chiappa products in North America ) and the Rhino revolver finally begun production in 2009 .
The result is the Rhino , a different looking highly - functional , ultra - smooth action revolver with a purpose engineered recoil controlling ergonomic design .
Marketed by MKS Supply , Inc. 8611 - A North Dixie Dr. Dayton , OH 45414 , 877-425-4867 or 937-454-0363
Please visit the MKS display at SHOT and see the Rhino and other new firearms Booth 15549
WASHINGTON , DC -- Obama 's West Point speech of December 1 represents far more than the obvious brutal escalation in Afghanistan -- it is nothing less than a declaration of all - out war by the United States against Pakistan .
This is a brand - new war , a much wider war now targeting Pakistan , a country of 160 million people armed with nuclear weapons .
In the process , Afghanistan is scheduled to be broken up .
This is no longer the Bush Cheney Afghan war we have known in the past .
This is something immensely bigger : the attempt to destroy the Pakistani central government in Islamabad and to sink that country into a chaos of civil war , Balkanization , subdivision and general mayhem .
The chosen strategy is to massively export the Afghan civil war into Pakistan and beyond , fracturing Pakistan along ethnic lines .
It is an oblique war using fourth - generation or guerrilla warfare techniques to assail a country which the United States and its associates in aggression are far too weak to attack directly .
In this war , the Taliban are employed as US proxies .
This aggression against Pakistan is Obama 's attempt to wage the Great Game against the hub of Central Asia and Eurasia or more generally .
US DETERRED FROM OPEN WAR BY PAKISTAN 'S NUKES
The ongoing civil war in Afghanistan is merely a pretext , a cover story designed to provide the United States with a springboard for a geopolitical destabilization campaign in the entire region which cannot be publicly avowed .
In the blunt cynical world of imperialist aggression à la Bush and Cheney , a pretext might have been manufactured to attack Pakistan directly .
But Pakistan is far too large and the United States is far too weak and too bankrupt for such an undertaking .
In addition , Pakistan is a nuclear power , possessing atomic bombs and medium range missiles needed to deliver them .
What we are seeing is a novel case of nuclear deterrence in action .
The US cannot send an invasion fleet or set up airbases nearby because Pakistani nuclear weapons might destroy them .
To this extent , the efforts of Ali Bhutto and A.Q. Khan to provide Pakistan a deterrent capability have been vindicated .
But the US answer is to find ways to attack Pakistan below the nuclear threshold , and even below the conventional threshold .
This is where the tactic of exporting the Afghan civil war to Pakistan comes in .
The architect of the new Pakistani civil war is US Special Forces General Stanley McChrystal , who organized the infamous network of US torture chambers in Iraq .
McChrystal 's specific credential for the Pakistani civil war is his role in unleashing the Iraqi civil war of Sunnis versus Shiites by creating " al Qaeda in Iraq " under the infamous and now departed double agent Zarkawi .
If Iraqi society as a whole had lined up against the US invaders , the occupiers would have soon been driven out .
The counter - gang known as " Al Qaeda in Iraq " avoided that possibility by killing Shiites , and thus calling forth massive retaliation in the form of a civil war .
These tactics are drawn from the work of British General Frank Kitson , who wrote about them in his book Low Intensity Warfare .
If the United States possesses a modern analog to Heinrich Himmler of the SS , it is surely General McChrystal , Obama 's hand - picked choice .
McChrystal 's superior , Gen Petraeus , wants to be the new Field Marshal von Hindenburg ­ in other words , he wants to be the next US president .
The vulnerability of Pakistan which the US and its NATO associates are seeking to exploit can best be understood using a map of the prevalent ethnic groups of Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iran , and India .
Most maps show only political borders which date back to the time of British imperialism , and therefore fail to reflect the principal ethnic groups of the region .
For the purposes of this analysis , we must start by recognizing a number of groups .
First is the Pashtun people , located mainly in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Then we have the Baluchis , located primarily in Pakistan and Iran .
The Punjabis inhabit Pakistan , as do the Sindhis .
The Bhutto family came from Sind .
PASHTUNISTAN
The US and NATO strategy begins with the Pashtuns , the ethnic group from which the so - called Taliban are largely drawn .
The Pashtuns represent a substantial portion of the population of Afghanistan , but here they are alienated from the central government under President Karzai in Kabul , even though the US puppet Karzai passes for a Pashtun himself .
The issue involves the Afghan National Army , which was created by the United States after the 2001 invasion .
The Afghan officer corps are largely Tajiks drawn from the Northern Alliance that allied with the United States against the Pashtun Talibans .
The Tajiks speak Dari , sometimes known as eastern Persian .
Other Afghan officers come from the Hazara people .
The important thing is that the Pashtuns feel shut out .
The US strategy can best be understood as a deliberate effort at persecuting , harassing , antagonizing , strafing , repressing , and murdering the Pashtuns .
The additional 40,000 US and NATO forces which Obama demands for Afghanistan will concentrate in Helmand province and other areas where the Pashtuns are in the majority .
The net effect will be to increase the rebellion of the fiercely independent Pashtuns against Kabul and the foreign occupation , and at the same time to push many of these newly radicalized mujaheddin fighters across the border into Pakistan , where they can wage war against the central government in Islamabad .
US aid will flow directly to war lords and drug lords , increasing the centrifugal tendencies .
On the Pakistani side , the Pashtuns are also alienated from the central government .
Islamabad and the army are seen by them as too much the creatures of the Punjabis , with some input from the Sindhis .
On the Pakistani side of the Pashtun territory , US operations include wholesale assassinations from unmanned aerial vehicles or drones , murders by CIA and reportedly Blackwater snipers , plus blind terrorist massacres like the recent ones in Peshawar which the Pakistani Taliban are blaming on Blackwater , acting as a subcontractor of the CIA .
These actions are intolerable and humiliating for a proud sovereign state .
Every time the Pashtuns are clobbered , they blame the Punjabis in Islamabad for the dirty deals with the US that allow this to happen .
The most immediate goal of Obama 's Afghan - Pakistan escalation is therefore to promote a general secessionist uprising of the entire Pashtun people under Taliban auspices , which would already have the effect of destroying the national unity of both Kabul and Islamabad .
BALUCHISTAN
The other ethnic group which the Obama strategy seeks to goad into insurrection and secession is the Baluchis .
The Baluchis have their own grievances against the Iranian central government in Tehran , which they see as being dominated by Persians .
An integral part of the new Obama policy is to expand the deadly flights of the CIA Predators and other assassination drones into Baluchistan .
One pretext for this is the report , peddled for example by Michael Ware of CNN , that Osama bin Laden and his MI - 6 sidekick Zawahiri are both holed up in the Baluchi city of Quetta , where they operate as the kingpins of the so - called " Quetta Shura . "
Blackwater teams can not be far behind .
In Iranian Baluchistan , the CIA is funding the murderous Jundullah organization , which was recently denounced by Teheran for the murder of a number of top officials of the Iranian Pasdaran Revolutionary guards .
The rebellion of Baluchistan would smash the national unity of both Pakistan and Iran , thus helping to destroy two of the leading targets of US policy .
OBAMA'S RUBE GOLDBERG STRATEGY
Even Chris Matthews of MSNBC , normally a devoted acolyte of Obama , pointed out that the US strategy as announced at West Point very much resembles a Rube Goldberg contraption .
( In the real world , " al Qaeda " is of course the CIA 's own Arab and terrorist legion . )
In the world of official US myth , the enemy is supposed to be " Al Qaeda . "
But , even according to the US government , there are precious few " Al Qaeda " fighters left in Afghanistan .
Why then , asked Matthews , concentrate US forces in Afghanistan where " Al Qaeda " is not , rather than in Pakistan where " Al Qaeda " is now alleged to be ?
One elected official who has criticized this incongruous mismatch is Democratic Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin , who said in a television interview that ' Pakistan , in the border region near Afghanistan , is perhaps the epicenter [ of global terrorism ] , although al Qaida is operating all over the world , in Yemen , in Somalia , in northern Africa , affiliates in Southeast Asia .
Why would we build up 100,000 or more troops in parts of Afghanistan included that are not even near the border ?
You know , this buildup is in Helmand Province .
That 's not next door to Waziristan .
So I 'm wondering , what exactly is this strategy , given the fact that we have seen that there is a minimal presence of Al Qaida in Afghanistan , but a significant presence in Pakistan ?
It just defies common sense that a huge boots on the ground presence in a place where these people are not is the right strategy .
It does n't make any sense to me . '
Indeed .
' The Wisconsin Democrat also warned that U.S. policy in Afghanistan could actually push terrorists and extremists into Pakistan and , as a consequence , further destabilize the region : " You know , I asked the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mullen , and Mr. Holbrooke , our envoy over there , a while ago , you know , is there a risk that if we build up troops in Afghanistan , that will push more extremists into Pakistan ? " he told ABC .
" They could n't deny it , and this week , Prime Minister Gilani of Pakistan specifically said that his concern about the buildup is that it will drive more extremists into Pakistan , so I think it 's just the opposite , that this boots - on - the - ground approach alienates the Afghan population and specifically encourages the Taliban to further coalesce with Al Qaida , which is the complete opposite of our national security interest . " ' [ 1 ]
Of course , this is all intentional and motivated by US imperialist raison d'état .
.
MALICK : " DID OBAMA DECLARE WAR ON PAKISTAN ? "
Obama 's speech did everything possible to blur the distinction between Afghanistan and Pakistan , which are after all two sovereign states and both members of the United Nations in their own right .
Ibrahim Sajid Malick , US correspondent for Samaa TV , one of the largest Pakistan television networks , called attention to this ploy : ' Speaking to a hall full of cadets at the US Military Academy of West Point , President Barack Obama almost seemed like he might be declaring war on Pakistan .
Every time he mentioned Afghanistan , Pakistan preceded mention .
Sitting at the back benches of the hall at one point I almost jumped out of my chair when he said : " the stakes are even higher within a nuclear - armed Pakistan , because we know that al Qaeda and other extremists seek nuclear weapons , and we have every reason to believe that they would use them . "
I was shocked because a succession of American officials recently confirmed that the Pakistani arsenal is secure . '[ 2 ]
This article is entitled " Did Obama Declare War On Pakistan ? " , and we can chalk the question mark up to diplomatic discretion .
During congressional hearings involving General McChrystal and US Ambassador Eikenberry , Afghanistan and Pakistan were simply fused into one sinister entity known as " Afpak " or even " Afpakia . "
In the summer of 2007 , Obama , coached by Zbigniew Brzezinski and other controllers , was the originator of the unilateral US policy of using Predator drones for political assassinations inside Pakistan .
This assassination policy is now being massively escalated along with the troop strength : " Two weeks ago in Pakistan , Central Intelligence Agency sharpshooters killed eight people suspected of being militants of the Taliban and Al Qaeda , and wounded two others in a compound that was said to be used for terrorist training .
The White House has authorized an expansion of the C.I.A.'s drone program in Pakistan 's lawless tribal areas , officials said this week , to parallel the president 's decisionto send 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan .
American officials are talking with Pakistan about the possibility of striking in Baluchistan for the first time - a controversial move since it is outside the tribal areas - because that is where Afghan Taliban leaders are believed to hide . " [ 3 ]
The US is now training more Predator operators than combat pilots .
BLACKWATER ACCUSED IN PESHAWAR MASSACRE OF WOMEN AND CHILDREN
The CIA , the Pentagon , and their various contractors among the private military firms are now on a murder spree across Pakistan , attacking peaceful villages and wedding parties , among other targets .
Blackwater , now calling itself Xe Services and Total Intelligence Solutions , is heavily involved : ' At a covert forward operating base run by the US Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) in the Pakistani port city of Karachi , members of an elite division of Blackwater are at the center of a secret program in which they plan targeted assassinations of suspected Taliban and Al Qaeda operatives , " snatch and grabs " of high - value targets and other sensitive action inside and outside Pakistan , an investigation by The Nation has found .
The Blackwater operatives also assist in gathering intelligence and help direct a secret US military drone bombing campaign that runs parallel to the well - documented CIA predator strikes , according to a well - placed source within the US military intelligence apparatus . ' [ 4 ]
As shocking as Scahill 's report is , it must nevertheless be viewed as a limited hangout , since there is no mention of the persistent charges that a large part of the deadly bombings in Peshawar and other Pakistani cities are being carried out by Blackwater , as this news item suggests : " ISLAMABAD Oct. 29 ( Xinhua ) -- Chief of Taliban movement in Pakistan Hakimullah Mehsud has blamed the controversial American private firm Blackwater for the bomb blast in Peshawar which killed 108 people , local news agency NNI reported Thursday . " [ 5 ]
This was blind terrorism designed for maximum slaughter , especially among women and children .
US ALSO AT WAR WITH UZBEKISTAN ?
Scahill 's report also suggests that US black ops have reached into Uzbekistan , a post - Soviet country of 25 million which borders Afghanistan to the north : ' In addition to planning drone strikes and operations against suspected Al Qaeda and Taliban forces in Pakistan for both JSOC and the CIA , the Blackwater team in Karachi also helps plan missions for JSOC inside Uzbekistan against the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , according to the military intelligence source .
Blackwater does not actually carry out the operations , he said , which are executed on the ground by JSOC forces .
" That piqued my curiosity and really worries me because I do n't know if you noticed but I was never told we are at war with Uzbekistan , " he said .
" So , did I miss something , did Rumsfeld come back into power ? " ' [ 6 ]
Such are the ways of hope and change .
The role of US intelligence in fomenting the Baluchistan rebellion for the purpose of breaking Pakistan apart is also confirmed by Professor Chossudovsky : ' Already in 2005 , a report by the US National Intelligence Council and the CIA forecast a " Yugoslav - like fate " for Pakistan " in a decade with the country riven by civil war , bloodshed and inter- provincial rivalries , as seen recently in Baluchistan . "
( Energy Compass , 2 March 2005 ) .
According to the NIC - CIA , Pakistan is slated to become a " failed state " by 2015 , " as it would be affected by civil war , complete Talibanization and struggle for control of its nuclear weapons " .
( Quoted by former Pakistan High Commissioner to UK , Wajid Shamsul Hasan , Times of India , 13 February 2005 ) .
Washington favors the creation of a " Greater Baluchistan " which would integrate the Baluch areas of Pakistan with those of Iran and possibly the Southern tip of Afghanistan , thereby leading to a process of political fracturing in both Iran and Pakistan . '[ 7 ]
The Iranians , for their part , are adamant that the US is committing acts of war on their territory in Baluchistan : " TEHRAN , Oct. 29 ( Xinhua ) -- Iran 's Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani said that there are some concrete evidences showing U.S. involvement in recent deadly bomb explosions in the country 's Sistan - Baluchistan province , the official IRNA news agency reported . .
The deadly suicide attack by Sunni rebel group Jundallah ( God 's soldiers ) occurred on Oct. 18 in Iran 's Sistan - Baluchistan province near the border with Pakistan when the local officials were preparing a ceremony in which the local tribal leaders were to meet the military commanders of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards Corps ( IRGC ) .
[ 8 ]
US GOAL : CUT THE PAKISTAN ENERGY CORRIDOR BETWEEN IRAN , CHINA
Why would the United States be so obsessed with the breakup of Pakistan ?
One reason is that Pakistan is traditionally a strategic ally and economic partner of China , a country which the US and British are determined to oppose and contain on the world stage .
Specifically , Pakistan could function as an energy corridor linking the oil fields of Iran and possibly even Iraq with the Chinese market by means of a pipeline that would cross the Himalayas above Kashmir .
This is the so - called " Pipelinestan " issue .
This would give China a guaranteed land - based oil supply not subject to Anglo - American naval superiority , while also cutting out the 12,000 mile tanker route around the southern rim of Asia .
As a recent news report points out : ' Beijing has been pressuring Tehran for China 's participation in the pipeline project and Islamabad , while willing to sign a bilateral agreement with Iran , has also welcomed China 's participation .
According to an estimate , such a pipeline would result in Pakistan getting $ 200 million to $ 500 million annually in transit fees alone .
China and Pakistan are already working on a proposal for laying a trans -Himalayan pipeline to carry Middle Eastern crude oil to western China .
Pakistan provides China the shortest possible route to import oil from the Gulf countries .
The pipeline , which would run from the southern Pakistan port of Gwadar and follow the Karakoram highway , would be partly financed by Beijing .
The Chinese are also building a refinery at Gwadar .
Imports using the pipeline would allow Beijing to reduce the portion of its oil shipped through the narrow and unsafe Strait of Malacca , which at present carries up to 80 % of its oil imports .
Islamabad also plans to extend a railway track to China to connect it to Gwadar .
The port is also considered the likely terminus of proposed multibillion - dollar gas pipelines reaching from the South Pars fields in Iran or from Qatar , and from the Daulatabad fields in Turkmenistan for export to world markets .
Syed Fazl - e- Haider , " Pakistan , Iran sign gas pipeline deal , " Asia Times , 27 May 2009 . [ 9 ]
This is the normal , peaceful economic progress and cooperation which the Anglo - Americans are hell - bent on stopping .
Oil and natural gas pipelines from Iran across Pakistan and into China would carry energy resources into the Middle Kingdom , and would also serve as conveyor belts for Chinese economic influence into the Middle East .
This would make Anglo - American dominion increasingly tenuous in a part of the world which London and Washington have traditionally sought to control as part of their overall strategy of world domination .
US domestic propaganda is already portraying Pakistan as the new home base of terrorism .
The four pathetic patsies going on trial for an alleged plot to bomb a synagogue in the Riverdale neighborhood of the Bronx in New York City had been carefully sheep - dipped to associate them with the shadowy and suspicious Jaish - e - Mohammad , allegedly a Pakistani terrorist group .
The same goes for the five Moslems from Northern Virginia who have just been arrested near Lahore in Pakistan .
INDIA AND IRAN
As far as the neighboring states are concerned , India under the unfortunate Manmohan Singh seems to be accepting the role of continental dagger against Pakistan and China on behalf of the US and the British .
This is a recipe for a colossal tragedy .
India should rather make permanent peace with Pakistan by vacating the Vale of Kashmir , where 95 % of the population is Moslem and would like to join Pakistan .
Without a solution to this issue , there will be no peace on the subcontinent .
Regarding Iran , George Friedman , the head of the Stratfor outlet of the US intelligence community recently told Russia Today that the great novelty of the next decade will be an alliance of the United States with Iran directed against Russia .
In that scenario , Iran would cut off oil to China altogether .
That is the essence of the Brzezinski strategy .
It is urgent that the antiwar movement in the United States regroup and begin a new mobilization against the cynical hypocrisy of Obama 's war and escalation policy , which suprasses even the war crimes of the Bush - Cheny neocons .
In this new phase of the Great Game , the stakes are incalculable . [ 1 ]
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/12/06/feingold-why-surge-where_n_381729.html [ 2 ]
Ibrahim Sajid Malick , " Did Obama Declare War On Pakistan ? , " Pakistan for Pakistanis Blog , 2 December 2009 .
http://ibrahimsajidmalick.com/did-Obama-declare-war-on-pakistan/484/ [ 3 ]
Scott Shane , " C.I.A. to Expand Use of Drones in Pakistan , " New York Times , December 3 , 2009 .
See also David E. Sanger and Eric Schmitt , " Between the Lines , an Expansion in Pakistan , " New York Times , 1 December 2009 . [ 4 ]
Jeremy Scahill , " The Secret US War in Pakistan , " The Nation , November 23 , 2009 [ 5 ]
" Taliban in Pakistan blame U.S. Blackwater for deadly blast , " Xinhua News Agency , 29 October 2009 , http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-10/29/content_12358907.htm [ 6 ]
Jeremy Scahill , " The Secret US War in Pakistan , " The Nation , November 23 , 2009 [ 7 ]
Michel Chossudovsky , The Destabilization of Pakistan , Global Research , December 30 , 2007 [ 8 ]
" Iran says having evidences of U.S. involvement in suicide bomb attacks , " Xinhua , 29 October 2009 . [ 9 ]
http://www.atimes.com/atimes/South_Asia/KE27Df03.html
Hanan Chehata of Middle East Monitor goes to Dublin to interview Desmond Travers , the retired Irish colonel who was one of the authors of the Goldstone Report .
The money :
The best statement I can make about that is the one that Richard Goldstone made when an American spokesperson for the State Department said it was a very biased , flawed report and he said to them by way of response , “ Show us where the bias is and where the flaw is and we ’ll do our best to correct it . ”
That invitation stands .
I have subsequently issued the same invitation in a Dutch newspaper and elsewhere ; so far , no substantive critique of the report has been received .
Funnily enough , I did get a reply back from a most virulently , anti-Goldstone , pro-Israeli , right - wing , blogspot saying more or less , “ Travers does n’t realise that various academics , politicians and military officers have written magnificent tracts disproving the Goldstone Report … ” , but they have n’t .
They ’ve just written magnificent whinges .
The attacks on two of my colleagues have been really horrific and they have included death threats .
They have also targeted family members .
… the critiques , if you go through them , would fill several times the volume of material compared to the report and none of them are valid .
The tsunami of criticisms that have been slapped against the report funnily enough already started long before the report was published .
Such early criticisms suggest , perhaps , an awareness of the guilt of the perpetrators ; a question of getting one ’s retaliation in first , in a manner of speaking .
They are signalling their guilt … .
The very first public statement made by the American government , the State Department , while it criticised in its opening paragraph the Report for being flawed , on the third or fourth paragraph down they said nevertheless Israel should investigate .
Now that is the strongest statement America has ever made in its history about the state of Israel .
It ’s the strongest criticism , and in that , both myself and my colleague Professor Richard Norton of Boston University , who was a peacekeeper with me , we ’ve both said , the abuse they heaped on the report in the opening paragraph allowed them to make this statement three paragraphs down .
So , in reality , it was an amazingly important letter .
… The court of world opinion has decided this Report ’s merits .
Politicians and diplomats should take heed of that fact , no matter what they believe their governments want them to do .
Israel has been frightened severely by this .
It wandered around Europe begging Europe not to impose sanctions on it .
It ’s jet - setting around the place .
They are now on notice as far as I am concerned , that they want to think twice before they try on another similar act again .
Did you hear * Israeli Prime Minister +
Netanyahu make this statement , “ Israel has three problems , three enemies , Iran , Palestine and Goldstone ” ?/
… Efforts to muddle the report and to block it have failed .
The court of world opinion seems determined to see the report prevail and therefore we must be hopeful that this process continues to achieve one or other of the recommendations in the report ’s findings with respect to the ending of impunity …
Gaza has now come into the history books in the same way as Guernica , Dresden , Stalingrad .
Gaza is a gulag , the only gulag in the Western hemisphere ; maintained by democracies ; closed - off from food , water , air .
The last couple of days I spent building a distribution for Linux to make it very easy to start using a recent version of Padre , the Perl IDE .
On yesterdays entry of the Catalyst Advent Calendar Jonathan
Yu explained the advantages and disadvantages of using Catalyst as packaged by Debian vs. installing it from CPAN .
Padre has the same issues but as Padre is younger than Catalyst it lags even more in the package management systems of the various Linux distributions .
While on CPAN we have v0.51 some distros still come with 0.12 I think and many people use older distros that did not have Padre at all .
Padre is also more difficult to install using local : : lib than Catalyst due to the need of wxWidgets .
It was also a bit embarrassing that we already had a stand alone Padre package with super easy installation for both Windows and Mac OSX Snow Leopard and we do n't have one for Linux .
So I built a portable perl ( meaning you can put it anywhere on the system ) , installed Padre into it and you can already download it .
( download file size 30,009,562 , after unzip 119 Mb ) After downloading it do the following : tar xzf perl - 5.10.1-xl-0.03.tar.gz ./perl-5.10.1-xl-0.03/perl/bin/padre.sh
Note , you need to run the .sh file !
Not only that you can use Padre now for writing Perl 5 scripts , this package also comes with the Perl 6 plug - in so you can use it to write Perl 6 code as well .
Perl 6 on Padre
In order to use the Perl 6 plug - in , first you will have to enable it : Go to Plug- ins / Plugin Manager - Select Perl 6 and click on Enable Due to a bug you will have to restart Padre for this to take effect .
Then go to Edit / Preferences / Files and Colors Select Perl 6 as File type and Std.pm as Highlighter in order to get syntax highlighting .
Catalyst
As you could read on the Catalyst advent calendar you can use Padre for Catalyst development .
In order to make that easier this version already contains the Catalyst plug - in of Padre .
In order to use it you 'll need to enable the plug - in the same way as you did for the Perl 6 plug - in and follow the instructions of Breno G. de Oliveira on Developing Catalyst Applications with Padre .
Warning and bugs
This is a very experimental version with a lot of known flaws .
Please , report issues via the regular channels of Padre . ( IRC , mailing list ) .
Known issues : PERL5LIB
If you have PERLLIB or PERL5LIB configured ( e.g. because using local : : lib ) this installation will get confused .
Of course this is not specific to this build .
Any other perl would be confused .
The simple work - around is to unset those variables in the shell where you launch padre .
The longer term solution is to make changes to perl itself so I 'll be able to compile out the PERL5LIB and PERLLIB support from perl .
This does not seem to be a hard project and I think if someone wants a bit core perl development this could be a very useful and not too big project .
Nicholas Clark told me the code is in perl.c and that I should pay attention to sitecustomize .pl too .
sh- bang
All the scripts installed have an sh- bang that points to the directory where I built the package .
Hences none of them will run alone .
( That 's the reason I had to add a separate shell script for Padre .
I am not sure how can I achieve but I 'd like to make sure that every script installed will know that the perl it should use is relative to where the script is located .
CPAN.pm
The CPAN client is probably not functional .
It might work for pure Perl modules but if you need a compiler then there might be issues with compiler mismatch with the one I used .
( I built it on Ubuntu 8.04.03 ) post mortem Segmentation fault When the Catalyst plug - in is enabled , there is a segmentation fault after you shut down Padre on some of the machines we checked .
Help and feedback
Your feedback regarding this package would be really appreciated and your help with any of the above issues would be just a really nice present .
Sollen sie doch Glibber essen
Cartman ist sich sicher , dass die neue pflanzliche Kost in der Schulcafeteria bei ihm einen Herzinfarkt ausgelöst hat .
Published by Sierra Monica P. on January 16 , 2010 under Mobile
Samsung introduced the Diva Collection 2010 of fashionable handsets for women , whose advertisements will feature the Estonian model Carmen Kass .
The first two cell phones in the new line are Samsung Diva S7070 and Samsung Diva folder S5150 , both prepared for release , first in the European stores , later this month .
The new handsets will come with several cool tools designed to make women ’s lifestyle easier and more pleasant , including the Beauty Effect , Lomo Effect , Wish list and the Etiquette mode .
Samsung Diva S7070 sports a pearly - white quilted back cover and an ergonomic diamond - shaped crystal button on the front of the handset .
It has a built - in 3.2MP camera with Beauty Effect and Lomo Effect , the pop -up Social Networking Service with instant notifications of friends ’ updates on social sites , a multi-instant messaging application with support for multiple accounts , the SOS Message , Fake Call , Wish List , and the Etiquette mode with instant silence function .
Samsung Diva folder S5150 features a silver - toned back cover with 3D quilted pattern , hidden LED display with glittering function to illuminate when there ’s an incoming call or message , as well as image editing tools like Beauty Effect and Lomo Effect .
SOS Message and Fake Call are not missing either and these allow the user to send direct messages , or call public security services when there ’s an emergency , as well as get fake calls .
( Source : Samsung Press Release )
Tags : phone
My apologies to Wilderness reader Jarik .
I can not sit on my hands today and not break down a blog post and game story by our good friend Adrian Dater out in Colorado .
Seems he has caught the bug that has the NHL fan base and media still convinced the Wild are a boring team .
Did everyone outside of Minnesota forget that this is a new coach and a new system ?
I welcome everyone coming from Mile High Hockey to the conversation , should they choose to join .
Make the jump .
Let 's discuss .
First off , let 's give out the links .
Daters ' gamer is HERE , and the blog post is HERE .
Lets now look at some quotes from the man , the myth , the legend that is Adrian Dater .
But playing the Wild and watching the Wild is just one big trip to the dentist chair .
No fun at all .
They are just a boring , boring team and have been for a long time .
Yeah , they win their share and have great fans and Minnesota is great hockey country .
But they just put everybody to sleep in the NHL .
The Wild are boring .
Is this 2007 , again ?
Mr. Dater , please expound on what makes the game more exciting for you .
Because if it is goals , you have no leg to stand on .
The Wild have 147 goals for , while the Avalanche have 148 .
Is that one extra goal the difference between exciting and boring ?
Maybe it is total goals in a game ?
No , it ca n't be that either , since the Wild have given up 154 goals , to Colorado 's 132 .
That 's 280 total goals in Avalanche games , and 301 in Wild games .
So what is it ?
Shots on goal ?
Wild averaging 28 for and 28 against , for an average of 56 shots per game .
Avs average 27 shots for and 32 against , for an average of 59 shots per game .
Must be that the Avs take one shot less per game on average that makes it more exciting for you .
Let 's look at some quotes from his gamer .
Before any one jumps on me for these being the words of players , and not Dater , keep in mind that he did not have to publish them .
He uses them to support his hypothesis , meaning he agrees .
" They always seem to play a boring trap game , " Avs winger Chris Stewart said .
" They just want to keep it close and hope you make a mistake and capitalize .
We let that happen tonight . "
Yes , Chris Stewart , you did " let that happen . "
Good of you to own up to the fact that your team also played ( by Dater 's definition ) an extremely boring game .
As for they " always " play a boring type of game , you are in your second season in the NHL .
Which means you would have a total of 12 games against them , assuming you have played in all 12 .
Always ?
You have little experience to be going with hyperbole , sir .
Let 's move on to Calder candidate Matt Duchene .
Here is his quote :
" They 're probably the hardest team in the league to play against , just because all they do is play ' D , ' " Avs center Matt Duchene said .
" It seems like they do n't even try to go on the offense at all .
They just try to force us into mistakes , and that 's the way they score . "
All they do is play D. From a team that would n't leave the neutral zone if the Stanley Cup itself was inside the offensive zone .
As for trying to force you make mistakes , that 's called hockey , my friend .
You may want to try it .
You 've been pretty good this season at forcing your opponents to make mistakes and cough up the puck .
And you sir , have six games against the Wild .
Even less experience to go on than your teammate .
Save the hyperbole .
Calm down a bit .
You guys got beat in a 1 - 0 game .
Let it go .
Going back to Mr. Dater 's own words , we go back to his blog :
( And if Wild players and management want to shrug this off , ask yourself this : are you happy , especially YOU , Wild players , that 18 - percent of your checks right now are being deducted for escrow purposes , and that you might lose all of it when NHL revenues – down across the board this season so far – come in at the end of the year ?
It ’s more than just winning games , is n’t it ?
It ’s about selling tickets too ) .
The Avs players are subject to the same 18 % escrow , are n't they ?
Or did I miss the fact that the Avs have exemption for their players ?
It 's about selling tickets ?
Is that really the argument you want to use , sir ?
Ticket sales ?
Your team is in second place in the division , two points out of the lead , and by your own reporting the attendance last night was 11,597 , and you said this :
It was the third smallest crowd of the season tonight , and the Denver hockey crowd is officially a " Disappointing NHL story " of the season so far .
So , the Avs can't even sell tickets with what must be the most exciting brand of hockey in the NHL judging by your reaction to this game .
Their ticket sales are a " disappointing NHL story , " but the fact that the Wild are in town must have been the reason the tickets were n't sold .
Right , got it .
Meanwhile , the Wild are riding a nearly 400 game sellout streak ( which is a sham , but still ) .
M
Back to the tickets sales blurb , no , to the players it is not about selling tickets , nor should it be .
They are paid to play hockey , not sell tickets .
The coach is paid to win as many games as possible with the roster they are given by the GM .
The players are to do what the coach tells them to .
The problem with ticket sales is someone else 's problem .
Let 's look back at your own words for help there :
But the Avs do n’t help the cause at all , with a nonexistent marketing staff and game - night entertainment staff that might as well be from Mars for as well as they " get " their audience .
If you go to a game , you know what I ’m talking about .
For instance , one of the features of the Avs’ game - night entertainment is to have a " Price is Right " guessing game about the price of certain supermarket goods .
Boy , nothing gets a hockey crowd more fired up than guessing the cost of a bag of Dorito ’s , eh ?
Please , re-read this , everyone .
They play " Price is Right " with groceries .
But the Wild are the boring part of the evening .
Riiiiiight .
Please , Mr. Dater .
Get your story straight before you bring this particular brand of non-sense .
On Twitter you just told me that the Wild do n't sell any tickets on the road .
I am not sure how many attendance figures you have in front of you when you make that claim , but I would be willing to bet that the Wild sell just fine in markets that care about their own team .
No , I do n't have the figures , and I am willing to admit that .
However , would it not stand to reason that team that has struggles selling tickets against any opponent would have trouble selling tickets against the Wild as well ?
To me , it sounds like the Avs are bitter that they lost five games to such a " boring " team .
Sounds like they are angry and frustrated that they could not find a way to beat a team that is so far beneath them .
It plays out as a bitter rival that got their arses handed to them all season , and do n't want to admit it .
By the way , the reason the game was 1 - 0 and not 7 - 6 ?
Stellar goaltending from both sides .
Harding and Anderson alike were standing on their heads last night .
If you do n't find that exciting hockey , you just are n't having enough fun in show business .
I suppose you would find a no - hitter in baseball boring as well .
Questions for readers ;
1 . How long will it take before the rest of the NHL realizes that Lemaire coaches in New Jersey ?
2 . How many times will I be called names or have my picture made fun of during this thread ?
The over / under is 50 .
3 . How many comment that actually have something to do with the post , rather than me will there be ?
Over / under on this one is set at 35 .
Please , discuss .
- Buddha
Oh , and just for reference :
Final scores of Avs v
Wild games this season :
Oct 21 : Avs 3 - 2 Wild ( SO )
Nov 27 : Wild 5 - 3 Avs
Nov 28 : Wild 3 - 2 Avs ( SO )
Dec 9 : Wild 1 - 0 Avs
Dec 21 Wild 4 - 3 Avs
Jan 28 : Wild 1 - 0 Avs
Five of six are one goal games , which generally makes it more exciting hockey , not less .
Five or more goals scored in four of the six .
Just so happens that both shut outs had excellent goaltending .
Sure do hate that .
Writing your own webapp framework for App Engine
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , coding , app - engine , tech , framework
Welcome back !
I trust you all had a good holiday period ?
Mine was spent back in sunny New Zealand , seeing friends and family , visiting favorite restaurants , enjoying the sunshine , and learning to paraglide .
I would have started blogging again last week , but my first week back was made both exciting and frantically busy preparing for , then attending the BT Young Scientist Exhibition , where I gave tutorials on App Engine at the Google booth .
But now , back to your regularly scheduled blogging ...
Sometimes it seems like everyone has written their own blogging system , and everyone has written their own framework for webapps .
That 's not all these two things have in common , though :
They 're both excellent learning projects .
Since you 've already done the first , why not do the second ?
This will be the first of a series of posts covering how to write your own Python webapp framework .
The framework , while targeted at App Engine , is n't exclusive to it .
As with the blogging project , it helps to set some goals before we get started .
Here 's our goals for this project :
Lightweight .
With cold startup time being a significant concern for many , it 's essential to avoid creating a large , monolithic framework which requires importing a lot of extraneous code before it can serve even basic requests .
Likewise , we do n't want users of our framework to have to add a great deal of overhead to their app .
Loosely coupled .
Like all good frameworks , swapping out components should be easy , and nobody should be forced to use the entire framework if they only want part of it .
' Best - of - breed ' components .
As we 'll see , there are already many good open source libraries that take care of individual tasks like routing , rendering templates , and session handling .
Our framework should reuse these wherever possible .
Fast .
This overlaps with the first two , but it 's worth a bullet point of its own .
There 's a great deal of variability in the performance of some of the libraries available , and we should do our best to pick the fast ones .
One caveat , however .
My main goal for this series is to introduce you to the inside workings of a web framework , and the things it interfaces with , such as WSGI and CGI .
We 're not writing something with the goal of being a serious competitor to all those other frameworks out there , so do n't expect enterprise - level support or an active development beyond the series .
If , like me , you love to hack around with this sort of thing , feel free to pick it up - fork it , use it , improve it !
If , however , you 're just looking for a ready - made framework to use with your next webapp , you 're probably better off choosing one of the many existing frameworks with App Engine support .
Before we begin , we need to cover the basics of what a framework is , and how it works .
If you 're already familiar with things such as HTTP , CGI , and WSGI , feel free to skip over this section .
Otherwise , read on !
HTTP
At the bottom of the stack is HTTP , which you should already be somewhat familiar with .
HTTP is fundamentally a request - based protocol : A client makes a request , consisting of a URI path , a method , a set of headers , and an optional body , and the HTTP server sends back a response , likewise consisting of a set of headers and an optional body .
CGI
In order to be able to write an application that operates over HTTP , an interface of some sort is required , and that interface is CGI .
CGI is a venerable standard by now , first standardized back in 1993 , and it's a little archaic by today 's standards .
Although it ( or systems based on it , like WSGI ) is still used today , many of its design features are more than a little odd for today 's webapps .
When a webserver receives a request that is to be handled by a CGI script , it transforms the request into a set of environment variables .
The request method ( Eg , GET , HEAD , POST , etc ) is passed as the REQUEST_METHOD variable , while the URI path is split up into several components , which are passed separately : SCRIPT_NAME , the URI to the CGI script , PATH_INFO , the remainder of the URI path , and QUERY_STRING , the contents of the query string .
The protocol being used is passed in via the ' HTTPS ' variable , which is set to ' on ' if HTTPS is in use , and ' off ' otherwise .
Other headers are transformed by making them all uppercase , and replacing hyphens with underscores - eg , ' Content - Type ' becomes ' CONTENT_TYPE ' .
Since most webapps now do n't actually use CGI scripts , the first variable , SCRIPT_NAME , is often left blank , or is set to the path to the application as a whole .
CGI was originally designed to formalize the handling of HTTP requests by standalone executables .
The request would be transformed as we described above , then the script in question would be executed with those variables in its OS environment .
The request body , if any , would be passed in on standard input .
The CGI script is expected to process the request , and return the headers , followed by a newline and the response body , on standard out .
This general pattern is preserved , with some modifications , on App Engine .
The main difference in App Engine 's handling of CGI is a performance optimisation : instead of re-executing your Python executable for each request , a single Python runtime is used for multiple requests .
Each request simply re-imports the main handler script for your app , which results in re-executing all the code in it , though modules loaded from it are not re-imported .
As a further optimisation , if you provide a function called ' main ' in your handler module , that function is executed on the second and subsequent requests , instead of re-importing the module .
WSGI
WSGI is a Python standard for interactions between servers and webapps .
It utilizes components of the CGI standard , enhancing them in a manner that makes it easier to use in Python .
Although it 's not necessary to use WSGI with App Engine , it is convenient , and most framework libraries expect it , so that 's what we 'll be using .
WSGI operates by calling an ' application ' function with a specific signature .
The function is expected to take two arguments , ' environ ' and ' start_response ' , and return an iterable of strings .
The environ argument is a Python dict , containing a standard CGI environment , along with certain extra values specific to WSGI .
The ' start_response ' argument is a function , which itself takes two parameters , ' status ' and ' response_headers ' .
When called , a WSGI application is expected to do its stuff , then call start_response with the HTTP status code and a dictionary of HTTP headers to return to the client .
Then , it should return or yield the body of the response as an iterable sequence of strings .
Since App Engine does n't support streaming responses , returning or yielding are equivalent , so we 'll simply use return , for simplicity .
The way WSGI works permits very modular design of apps and frameworks .
WSGI middleware is code that takes a WSGI application and ' wraps ' it , transparently adding functionality .
An example of WSGI middleware is beaker , a Python library that provides caching and session handling for WSGI applications .
Here 's a simple WSGI application that prints ' hello world ' :
def application ( environ , start_response ) : start_response( 200 , {' Content - Type ' : ' text / plain'} ) return [ ' Hello , world ! ' ]
As you can see , this is still a bit low level for your average webapp - hence our quest to write our own framework .
There are several major components to a webapp framework , and we 'll be covering them over the next couple of weeks :
In each part of the series , we 'll discuss the currently available options for that part of the framework , then decide on a solution that best suits our specific needs , and implement it .
In some cases we 'll go with pre-made solutions , while in others we 'll choose to implement it ourselves .
In the most part , the decision of which of these to choose will rest on which teaches us the most about how it all works .
Look out for the first post , on request routing , on Wednesday !
Disqus
( CNN ) --
A suicide car bomb exploded Friday in the middle of a group of men playing volleyball in northwest Pakistan , killing 75 and wounding 60 , district police officials told CNN .
The attack was the second this week in Pakistan to inflict major civilian casualties following Monday 's suicide bombing in Karachi targeting a Shiite procession which left at least 40 people dead .
The terror attack happened in a residential neighborhood in the Lakki Marwat district of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , police said .
Some of the casualties were residents from houses around the volleyball court , district police Chief Mohammed Ayub Khan told CNN .
Khan said eight houses in the neighborhood collapsed , and the blast was so powerful it could be felt from 11 miles ( 18 kilometers ) away .
He said he believes that more than 600 pounds of explosives ( 300 kilograms ) were used .
Volleyball is a popular sport in the area , and more than 200 people were watching the game when the bomb went off , the police chief said .
District police officer Asmat Ullah said it exploded in the village of Shah Hassan Khel , which is about 10 miles south of the district capital , also called Lakki Marwat , he said .
The area used to be a hub for militants before the military flushed them out about two months ago , the police chief said .
Since then , militants have been making threats to the community , Mushtaq Marwatt , a member of a local peace committee , said on a local TV channel .
Earlier Friday in the nearby district of North Waziristan , a suspected U.S. drone attack killed four people , a Pakistani intelligence official said .
A guided missile was fired at a car carrying militants at 8:50 a.m. in the village of Naurak , about 9.3 miles east of Miran Shah , according to an official from the political administration and an intelligence official .
One other person was hurt in the attack , the officials said .
It was not immediately clear whether those killed and injured were militants , the officials said .
Two of the dead were Pakistanis .
The nationality of the other two could not be immediately confirmed .
The largely autonomous tribal region of North Waziristan is near the rugged border with Afghanistan .
The border area has been the scene of heavy fighting between Pakistani military forces and the Taliban , the Islamic militia that also is battling U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
The U.S. military routinely offers no comment on reported drone attacks .
However , it is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from remote - controlled aircraft .
A third unrelated attack Friday also took place near Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan .
A remote - controlled explosive struck a car and killed five civilians , according to a representative from the Frontier Corps and a political administration official .
It happened around 10 a.m. in the Salar Zar subdivision , in the Bajaur agency of the North West Frontier Province .
Journalists Nasir Dawar and Nazar ul - Islam contributed to this report .
The Whistler Sliding Centre has been thrust into the spotlight following the Feb.12 death of Georgia luger Nodar Kumaritashvili during a practice run just hours before the Opening Ceremony .
A few facts about Whistler Sliding Centre , which will host Olympic luge , bobsled and skeleton competition :
• The ideal ice temperature for fast times and consistent performance is - 5 Celsius or 23 degrees Fahrenheit .
• The ice is maintained 18 hours a day , seven days a week .
• The track was built from June 2005 to December 2007 .
Source : Whistler Sliding Center press office ; Tony Benshoof and Gordy Sheer , USA Luge ; and Steven Holcomb .
Photos by Michael Madrid , USA TODAY .
Graphic by Robert Ahrens , David Evans and Alex Newman , USA TODAY .
3D model from Google Earth .
by Thorsten Leemhuis
Linux 2.6.32 is to be maintained for 2 to 3 years within the stable series – the maintenance of 2.6.27 , however , will probably soon be discontinued or at least downscaled considerably .
The util - linux - ng tool collection now contains three additional programs ; fdisk provides optimised partitioning .
The configuration of X Server has become more flexible and now HAL is no longer needed .
Shortly after releasing three new stable kernels , 2.6.27.44 , 2.6.31.12 and 2.6.32.4 , stable series co-maintainer Greg Kroah - Hartman has presented his maintenance plan for the stable series kernels in an email to the LKML .
The maintenance of the 2.6.27 series , which is the current " long - term stable release " , is set to continue into the near future .
However , the developer warns the users of series 27 kernels that this series is now ageing and losing viability ( " But , I do have to warn users of this tree , the older it gets , the less viable it becomes . " ) .
He said that Linux has changed quite dramatically in the two years since 2.6.27 was released , and that this makes it more and more difficult to port changes designed for newer kernels to 2.6.27 .
Although Kroah - Hartman intends to continue maintaining the series 27 kernels for at least another six to eight months , he does n't know whether he will want to keep going after that time ( " I 'll probably keep maintaining it for at least 6 - 8 more months , but after that , I can not guarantee its viability . " ) .
However , Willy Tarreau , who currently maintains the 2.4 series , is considering whether to take on the maintenance of the series 27 kernels at that point ; although if he does he only intends to fix critical flaws .
As 2.6.28 , 2.6.29 and 2.6.30 have not been maintained for some time , the now released 2.6.31 - based version is to be the final series 31 kernel – Greg Kroah - Hartman therefore advises all those who still use this series to switch to a kernel that is based on Linux version 2.6.32 , which was released in December .
Series 2.6.32 is to become the next " long - term stable release " after the series 2.6.27 kernels .
According to Kroah - Hartman , at least two distributors use Linux 2.6.32 in their " Enterprise " distributions with long - term maintenance .
The developer hopes to maintain the series 32 kernels for two to three years , but pointed out that he will need the support of the distribution developers to do so .
Kroah - Hartman said that , failing their support , he will have no problem with discontinuing the maintenance of this series .
Linux version status
As is often the case in their release emails , the maintainers of the stable series have strongly advised users to switch to the new stable kernels , without mentioning whether any of the bug fixes and improvements actually address security issues .
However , the new series 31 and 32 versions fix at least the CVE - 2010 - 0006 problem for which some distributors have released a kernel update .
Meanwhile , the development of Linux 2.6.33 is progressing at the usual speed .
The latest release candidate is 2.6.33 -rc5 .
Given the usual rate of development , 2.6.33 is likely to be released in late February or early March .
Progress also continues in the stable series , as 2.6.32.5 is already in preparation and will probably be released this weekend .
Standard tools
Karel Zak has recently released version 2.17 of the util - linux - ng tool collection , which is used in all the major Linux distributions .
The collection includes the fdisk program , which now attempts to align new partitions to sector or chunk size boundaries – this particularly optimises the performance of RAID arrays and of hard disks with a physical sector size of 4 Kbytes , which are expected to become available in the near future , and prevents redundant read / write operations .
However , the developers are already discussing further changes in this area and are contemplating whether to align partitions to Megabyte boundaries by default , an approach that is familiar from Windows Vista and Windows 7 .
The tool collection has been extended to include three command line tools .
The " fallocate " tool allows pre-allocating a data storage area in file systems with fallocate support , enabling the file system 's data to be stored in continuous portions – that is , with hardly any or with no fragmentation at all .
The " wipefs " tool removes file system and RAID signatures to prevent them from becoming a problem when the storage medium is used at a later stage .
The " unshare " tool allows file systems to be implemented in such a way that they are only visible within the context ( namespace ) of the respective shell – Zak offers a practical example of this in his blog .
X.org
At the beginning of the month , the X.org developers released the xf86 - video - vmware 10.16.9 and xf86 - video - vesa 2.3.0 graphics drivers .
Shortly after , Intel released version 2.10.0 of the X.org xf86 - video - intel driver , which is usually just called " intel " .
This is the first version to require a kernel with KMS support .
The developers recommend using at least Linux 2.6.32 .
With 2.6.33 or a patched 2.6.32 , the driver is also said to support video overlays .
The developer say they have also fixed a few performance glitches .
The new driver is also a component of the " Intel 2009Q4 release " , which became available shortly afterwards and references suitable versions of Mesa and Libdrm .
Dave Airlie recently released the first version of the xf86 - video - qxl ( short name : QXL ) graphics driver , which was developed within the context of X.org and supports the virtual GPU feature of the Spice virtualisation protocol .
Spice is , for instance , used in Red Hat Enterprise Linux .
In brief
Kernel
In his " XFS status update for December 2009 " , Christoph Hellwig gives an overview of the latest developments in the XFS file system area .
Kernel environment ( " plumbing layer " ) and userland drivers
Lennart Poettering has presented the graphical udev - browse UI for Sysfs , which saves having to type complex " udevadm info " calls .
Sysfs is usually integrated at /sys level .
Clark Williams has released version 0.6.0 of the rt-tests collection mainly used in real time environments .
At Christmas , Stephen Hemminger released version 2.6.32 of the iproute collection of network configuration tools , which offers more comprehensive Linux 2.6.32 support than previous versions of iproute .
Graphics
The developers of nouveau have removed numerous code segments for kernels without Kernel - based Mode Setting ( KMS ) from the X.org driver .
The driver will , therefore , from now on require a kernel with nouveau KMS support .
have removed numerous code segments for kernels without Kernel - based Mode Setting ( KMS ) from the X.org driver .
The driver will , therefore , from now on require a kernel with KMS support .
The X developers have integrated several changes into the development branch that were mainly developed by Dan Nicholson and Julien Cristau and introduce considerable modifications to the code for hot plugging and configuring devices .
As a result , X Server 1.8 now accesses Udev directly instead of using HAL .
Like the current versions of X Server , version 1.8 is designed to work without a configuration file – however , if the need for manual configuration does arise , X Server can now assemble the configuration from individual files stored in /etc/X11/xorg.conf.d/.
Find background information about these and other changes in a blog post by Peter Hutterer .
Older Kernel Logs can be found in the archives or by using the search function at The H Open Source .
New editions of Kernel Logs are also mentioned on Identi.ca and Twitter via " @kernellog2 " .
The Kernel Log author also posts updates about various topics on Identi.ca and Twitter via " @kernellogauthor " .
( thl / c't )
( crve )
The rate at which the oceans are becoming more acidic is greater today than at any time in tens of millions of years , according to a new study .
Rapidly rising concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere mean that the rate of ocean acidification is the fastest since the age of the dinosaurs , which became extinct 65 m years ago , scientists believe .
The oceans are likely to become so acidic in coming centuries that they will become uninhabitable for vast swathes of life , especially the little - studied organisms on the deep - sea floor which are a vital link in the marine food chain .
Scientists have concluded , in a study published today in the journal Nature Geoscience , that the current rate of ocean acidification is up to 10 times faster than 55 m years ago – the last time the deep oceans became so acidic .
This is because of the speed at which carbon - dioxide concentrations are rising in the atmosphere .
This carbon dioxide dissolves in seawater at the sea surface to form carbonic acid .
The increased acidity of the water affects the amount of dissolved carbonate minerals that are available for marine organisms to use in forming their shells and hard skeletons .
When the oceans became acidified in a similar way about 55 m years ago , it resulted in a mass extinction of deep - sea marine organisms , especially those living in the sediments of the sea floor , which can be studied geologically through changes to rock formations , said Dr Andy Ridgwell of the University of Bristol .
" Unlike surface plankton dwelling in a variable habitat , organisms living deep down on the ocean floor are adapted to much more stable conditions .
A rapid and severe geochemical change in their environment would make their survival precarious , " he said .
Studies also suggest that temperatures of the surface ocean rose , and carbon - dioxide levels increased over a period of a few thousand years .
" They have signed a Concorde Agreement until 2012 .
It 's signed by Toyota Motor Company so I very much doubt they would not go through with something they have already signed .
They are not the sort of people to back out of a deal like that . "
W h at will the economy of the future look like ?
Where will advancing technology , job automation , outsourcing and globalization lead ?
Is it possible that accelerating computer technology was a primary cause of the current global economic crisis — and that even more disruptive impacts lie ahead ?
This groundbreaking book by a Silicon Valley computer engineer and entrepreneur explores these questions and shows how accelerating technology is likely to have a highly disruptive influence on our economy in the near future — and may well already be a significant factor in the current global crisis .
" Provocative " " its logic will haunt you "
— The Washington Post
THE LIGHTS IN THE TUNNEL employs a powerful thought experiment to explore the economy of the future .
An imaginary " tunnel of lights " is used to visualize the economic implications of the new technologies that are likely to appear in the coming years and decades .
The book directly challenges nearly all conventional views of the future and illuminates the danger that lies ahead if we do not plan for the impact of rapidly advancing technology .
It also offers unique insights into how technology will intertwine with globalization to shape the twenty - first century and explores ways in which the economic realities of the future might be leveraged to drive prosperity and to address global challenges such as poverty and climate change .
Excerpt : Read the :
Introduction | Table of Contents Read Recent Reviews and News Items Follow the author on Twitter : @MFordFuture
The new New York Times bestselling book by Martin Ford :
Now Available Trade Paperback : PDF eBook :
Kindle Version - $ 3.95 Read the author 's blog on Future Economics and Techology at mfordfuture.com .
The Lights in the Tunnel : Automation , Accelerating Technology and the Economy of the Future This new book takes an in depth look at current trends in technology and globalization and examines what the likely economic impact will be in the coming years and decades .
Here are just a few of the questions explored in this book :
How will job automation impact the economy in the future ?
How will the offshore outsourcing trend evolve in the coming years ?
What impact will technologies such as robotics and artificial intelligence have on the job market ?
Did technology play a significant role in the 2007 subprime meltdown and the subsequent global financial crisis and recession ?
How fast can we expect technological change to occur in the coming years and decades ?
Which jobs and industries are likely to be most vulnerable to automation and offshoring ?
Globalization .
Collaboration .
Telecommuting .
Are these the forces that will shape the workplaces of the future ?
Or is there something bigger lurking ?
Machine and computer automation will primarily impact low skilled and low paid workers .
True or false ?
Will advancing technology always make society as a whole more wealthy ?
Or could it someday cause a severe economic depression ?
What are the implications of advancing automation technology for developing nations such as China and India ?
The primary economic trend in the coming decades will be globalization .
True or false ?
Will a college education continue to be a good bet in the future ?
Recent economic data suggests that , in United States , we are seeing increasing income inequality and a dwindling middle class .
How will this trend play out in the future ?
What will be the economic impact of truly advanced future technologies , such as nanotechnology ?
Retail positions at Wal - mart and other chain stores have become the jobs of last resort for many workers .
Will robots and other forms of machine automation someday threaten these jobs ?
If so , what alternatives will the economy create for these workers ?
Do we need to adapt our market - based economic system to advancing technology or will the same rules continue to work indefinitely ?
What government policies might make sense as technology continues to accelerate ?
And much more ...
Read the : Introduction | Table of Contents
Exclusive Every UK mobile network has serious objections to plans to intercept and store details of every communication via the internet , Home Office documents reveal .
Submissions to a government consultation from 3 , O2 , Orange , T - Mobile and Vodafone highlight the strength of industry concern over the Interception Modernisation Programme ( IMP ) , which aims to capture lists of online contacts and log all website visits and VoIP calls .
The documents - obtained by The Register under the Freedom of Information Act - show how criticism forced the Home Office to stall the scheme after the consultation closed last month .
They also voice doubts over whether the government is capable of implementing or maintaining the type of system it wants .
Public progress on IMP is now not expected until after the election .
The mobile operators variously attack IMP 's technical feasibility , its legality , its impact on customer privacy and its opaque £ 2bn cost estimate .
They also question the consultation 's assertion that the ability to access records of all communications is essential for law enforcement and intelligence agencies to do their jobs .
The government asked mobile operators to comment on proposals that would compel them to intercept details of when and where each of their customers use third party communications services such as Facebook and Skype , as well as who they contact .
The operators would process and store this information in massive datacentres , matching it to build searchable profiles of customers and devices for authorities .
In its response , Orange said officials in the Office of Security and Counter - Terrorism - the Home Office unit responsible for IMP - had failed to make their case .
" There is no evidence in the consultation document that there is a strong case for the acquisition and retention of additional data which [ communications providers ] do not currently collect for their business purposes - the proposals appear to be wholly disproportionate . "
T- Mobile said that during 2008 it answered 137,444 requests for its existing basic billing and location data from law enforcement and intelligence agencies , a 10 per cent annual increase .
" We have not yet seen persuasive evidence of credible research into the extent to which these new communications technologies will actually be used for the purposes of serious and organised crime , " it said .
" In essence the consultation document appears to privatise the art of surveillance , taking it out of the hands of the ' traditional ' law enforcement and intelligence agencies , and passing the responsibilities to intermediaries such as ourselves . "
The firm also claimed the electronic spy agency GCHQ - which it is understood would be responsible for configuring a network of taxpayer - funded Deep Packet Inspection probes throughout the UK communications infrastructure - may not be able to contend with technological change on the internet .
" Encryption appears to be an increasingly effective way of offering a competitive edge to a communications product , and we do not know whether NTAC [ part of GCHQ ] would be able to keep pace with the increasing sophistication of service providers , " T - Mobile said .
O2 , the UK 's largest mobile operator , acknowledged the increasing use of internet communications proposed a problem for authorities but said its " confidence in the proposed route , however , is immediately undermined as the document offers a ' solution ' that cannot possibly work " .
Vodafone said it would be " uneasy " about collecting and processing third party data , and about other companies collecting its customers ' data for " business intelligence " purposes .
It also echoed the opinion , published in June year by the London School of Economics , that IMP would blur the legal distinction in the Regulation of Investigatory Powers
Act between information about communications and what is actually said .
Authorities require a warrant to intercept the latter , but for internet services such as Facebook the details of who is communicating are transmitted in the same data packets as what they are saying .
Completing the roster of UK mobile operators , in its submission , 3 , which claims to be the largest mobile internet provider , said " we remain unconvinced " IMP is needed and that it has " substantial concerns " over a lack of privacy safeguards .
Details of mobile operators ' broad criticism of IMP follows similar comments from LINX , which represents ISPs .
It branded the consultation " disingenuous " .
The Home Office has said it will continue to talk to industry to develop IMP . ®
" Around 35 people came to my home and took me away .
They trapped me in a cow shed and forced me to eat faeces and drink urine , " she said from her home in the village of Pyutar , 40 kilometres ( 25 miles ) south of Kathmandu .
Epaulette
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Virgin Mary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stars
Otritsala
Vor v zakone
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Beetle
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Churches
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tiger
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sailing Ship
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Spider within a Web
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Setting sun
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cat
Cat with keys
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Crucifix
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Eyes on the upper / middle
Eyes on lower backside
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stalin and Lenin
V
O
R
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stars on knees
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bells
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Swastika / nazi symbols
Runes
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SER
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARDAK
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bat
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bull
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MIR
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BARS
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Knife in shackles
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rose
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A monk writing in a book with a quill pen
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The knife in the neck
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joker
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WOLF
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Manacles
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pirate
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rose and knife
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sight
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zoloto
Z
O
L
O
T
O
Scorpion
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LHVS
L
H
V
S
L
H
V
S
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Theatrical masks - Before prison and after prison .
- Before prison and after prison .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bear
Medvezhatnik
- Mark of distinction for some merit . -
Wearer has been a thief / criminal from their early days or protection from some misfortune .
have 2 meanings : 1.. Who not working for administration of prison and does not comply with their laws .
2.symbolize a pickpocket .
The acronym ZhUK ( literally “ beetle ” ) stands for Zhelayu Udachnykh Krazh ( “ May your theft be a success ” ) .
Tattooed on hands , as well as other parts of the body . -
The number of dome towers ( cupolas ) indicates either number of prison terms or number of years of the sentence . -
Aggression towards police officers .-
Guest - thief .-
Can indicate a drug addiction .
It can also mean that the wearer is a thief .
If the spider is shown moving upwards it means the wearer is still an active criminal , if the spider is moving downwards it means that the wearer is intending to leave the thief ’s way of life . -
This tattoo is usually accompanied by birds flying over the horizon .
It represents freedom . symbolizes luck and caution , and the acronym KOT - Korennoy Obitatel Turmi( literally “ cat ” ) stands for Native Prison Inhabitant .
The cat is also the symbol of a pickpocket .
At one time , a bow tie was forcibly added to the picture of the cat ’s head on pickpockets who had broken the thieves ’ code and sided with the cops or prison authorities .
Now , however , cats with bow ties have become common , and there is no stigma attached to the bow tie . -
Thief home .- Criminal avtoritet. torso they literally mean that the wearer is keeping their eyes open . -
That is to show that the prisoner is used for sexual gratification .
Considered sacred , so inmates would tattoo the faces over their hearts and vital organs so guards would not hit or shoot them in that spot of the body .
Nowadays these tattoos are rarely used .
Lenin is symbol of vor .
Lenin is
The leader of the October Revolution - ozhdktiabrskoyevolucii - vor .-
It means you bow to no authority . -
Literally signifies that the wearer will serve his full given sentence , from “ bell call to bell call ” .- are a sign of rebellion against Russian prison authority .
Does n’t literally mean that the wearer is a nazi sympathiser . -
One who does not confess , also tattooed as sign of rebellion to authority , again not usually associated with the Nazi symbol . - Sohranil Sovest ' - Preserved the conscience .- Svoboda Eto Ray - Freedom Is Paradise .SER in english is Sir. - Knife , woman , drugs , alcohol etc .
This is what is killing us . -
Night thief .-
Means cruelty and rage .
Prisioners with this tattoo are bulls and fighters ( who make the physical execution on the orders of the vor v zakone ) .-
In russian is peace or world but here MIR mean Menia Ispravit Rasstrel - Execution will reform me .- Bey Aktiv Rezh Suk - Beat Active Cut Bitchs .-
Committed a crime in places of deprivation of liberty .-
Ruined youth .is a “ scribe , ” a criminal who is dexterous with a razor , knife , or a sharpened coin .
Often , a pickpocket who is extremely skillful at surreptitiously slitting open pockets , handbags , etc .
In russian argot quill is knife , write is cut . -
Owner of tattoo someone cutted .-
Player of gambling games .- VOLK - Voru Otdishka Legavomu Krishka .
I had many problems with the translation .
VOLK is Thief 's Break Heat 's Done for or something like that .-
One manacle 5 years of prison . - Robbery .-
Blood for treason .-
Shoot chekist , but dont miss .
On the right breast abbreviation ( Gold ) - apomni , dnazhdiiudistaviatebiadnogo - Remember , one day people will leave you alone .
The meaning of thetattoo was unknown till just recently , when a few meanings came to light in the comments section of the Russian blog .
I decided to put them all together so people can pick the one that fits them best .
The meanings of the Scorpion : 1. Astrological Sign2.Special Forces tattoo .
If the claws are open then the owner has seen combat .
3. Did Box - time ( time in the hole ) 4. Drug-Addiction .
Stinger up - means still using .
Stinger down means " I quit " .
5. Scorpion in optical sight - Owner has seen combat ( Chechnya ) .
If more meanings come to light , I will add them here.egavimuyoramoboda -
To trashcops the dick , to thieves freedom .
Another meaning of LHVS it 's just joke - ublualvuarenieahar - I like halva , marmalade , sugar . - Professional safecracker .
Medvezhatnik from word Mevded .
Medved in russian is Bear .
In russian argo Medved is Safe .
I am very pleased to announce that the WASC Threat Classification v2 is finally out the door .
This project has by far been one of the most challenging , intellectually stimulating projects I 've had the chance to work on .
I have included the official announcement below .
" The Web Application Security Consortium ( WASC ) is pleased to announce the long awaited release of the WASC Threat Classification v2.0 .
The Threat Classification is an effort to classify the weaknesses , and attacks that can lead to the compromise of a website , its data , or its users .
This document 's primarily purpose is to serve as a reference guide for common attacks and weaknesses .
Main goals
- Refine document scope , terminology , and purpose
- Update existing sections when applicable
- Add missing attacks and weaknesses
- Creation of a firm , scalable base foundation allowing for the introduction of data views allowing for various
forms of data representation
- Addition of attack and weakness reference identifiers ( WASC - xx )
- Publication of two data views
WASC Threat Classification v2.0 Online
http://projects.webappsec.org/Threat-Classification
Using the Threat Classification
http://projects.webappsec.org/Using-the-Threat-Classification
Threat Classification Authors and Contributors
http://projects.webappsec.org/Threat-Classification-Authors
WASC Threat Classification FAQ
http://projects.webappsec.org/Threat-Classification-FAQ
WASC Reference Identifier Grid
http://projects.webappsec.org/Threat-Classification-Reference-Grid
Threat Classification Data Views
http://projects.webappsec.org/Threat-Classification-Views
We have already started scoping the next minor release of the Threat Classification , and are seeking contributors .
If you are interested in participating in the next release of the WASC Threat Classification please contact us at contact_at_@webappsec.org with the subject ' WASC Threat Classification Contribution Inquiry ' .
Questions can be directed to Robert Auger ( contact_at_webappsec.org ) with the subject ' WASC TC Inquiry ' . "
The Christmas Day underwear - bombing attempt wo n't just slow airport - security lines .
It probably will also disrupt efforts to provide U.S. carnivores with quality salami , prosciutto and headcheese .
Last week , a federal grand jury indicted Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the Nigerian who allegedly tried to set off a bomb hidden in his underpants on a Northwest Airlines flight to Detroit .
The bomb did n't explode , but it spurred demand for pat - down searches , body scans and more - meticulous baggage examinations for airline passengers ...
The UN 's international panel of climate scientists have begun reviewing a disputed claim in its 2007 report that said Himalayan glaciers could melt entirely by 2035 .
The review follows a New Scientist article last week which revealed that the source of the claim in the report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) was not from scientific literature - but from an interview with a scientist conducted in 1999 .
Yesterday the Indian environment minister , Jairam Ramesh , told reporters the claim that climate change would cause Himalayan glaciers to melt away by 2035 was unfounded .
" They are indeed receding and the rate is cause for great concern … [ but the claim is ] not based on an iota of scientific evidence , " he said .
The Indian government had also criticised the IPCC 's glaciers claim in November , when it published its own discussion paper by geologist Vijay Kumar Raina .
While it admitted that some glaciers in the Himalayas are retreating , it said " but it is nothing out of the ordinary .
Nothing to suggest as some have said that they will disappear . "
At the time , the chairman of the IPCC , Rajendra Pachauri , dismissed the report as not peer - reviewed and said : " With the greatest of respect this guy retired years ago and I find it totally baffling that he comes out and throws out everything that has been established years ago . "
Yesterday Pachauri told Reuters : " We are looking into the issue of the Himalayan glaciers , and will take a position on it in the next two or three days . "
The row centres on the IPCC's " fourth assessment " report in 2007 , which said " glaciers in the Himalaya are receding faster than in any other part of the world and , if the present rate continues , the likelihood of them disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps sooner is very high if the Earth keeps warming at the current rate . "
The claim was attributed to a report by campaign group WWF , but in the New Scientist article , Guardian writer Fred Pearce notes that WWF cited a 1999 interview in the magazine with Indian glaciologist Syed Hasnain as the source of the claim .
Hasnain told the magazine last week that " It is not proper for IPCC to include references from popular magazines or newspapers . "
Some have suggested that the distinction in how the two cougar populations comport themselves around people stems from slight regional discrepancies in anatomy and leg length .
Others have proposed that the Western puma is comparatively more accustomed to hunting large animals and thus sees Homo sapiens as acceptable pickings .
Yet scientists point out that DNA analysis has revealed very little genetic difference between the Eastern and Western panther populations , which means there is no reason to believe the Florida panther is a congenital puddy tat .
Certainly the animals can be ruthless with one another .
Among panthers living in prime areas away from roads , said Dr. Onorato , “ the No. 1 cause of death is intraspecific aggression ” — one panther killing another .
Some authorities suspect it is only a matter of time and sustained human encroachment before a Florida panther pounces on a Florida land speculator .
Devotees yearn to see panthers in the wild , but very few ever do .
The cats are quiet , reclusive , solitary and built to blend in .
On a twilight foray into known panther territory under the guidance of a naturalist , Marcy Wagner , we saw dozens of alligators with their madcap zigzagging heat - control grins , and anhingas looking like caped pterodactyl Draculas as they dried out their wings , and storks , hawks , egrets , herons and orchids worthy of being poached .
We spotted fresh panther tracks in the swamp mud and even fresher panther scat , and at one point Ms. Wagner declared there was a distinct smell of “ wet cat , ” but whether that smell was a wading cougar , well , I have no proof of that .
Early Americans had a much easier time puma sighting , for the cats abounded across the continent .
For generations the cats were shot as vermin and their hunting grounds transformed into cattle pastures , farmland or conference centers .
By the late 1980s , the Florida panther population hit its nadir of about 20 .
“ It was a recipe for entering the vortex of extinction , ” Dr. Onorato said .
But with the help of the Endangered Species Act and other legislation , and with the introduction of a few Texas pumas into the area to counter the threat of so - called inbreeding depression , the Florida panther was yanked back from the vortical brink .
The panthers did their part , too , thanks to a reproductive schedule vaguely reminiscent of an unspayed house cat .
Panthers can breed year round , their gestation period is 90 days , compared with a domestic cat ’s 67 , their average litter size of 2.5 kittens is just slightly below that of a house cat , and they nurse their young for a pet - length span of about eight weeks .
Unlike the great cats , panthers lack the vocal cords to roar , but they can purr .
Among the panther ’s favorite meals is an invasive species — the feral hog , brought to this continent by the Spaniards in the 16th century — but it will also eat white - tailed deer , armadillos , raccoons , small alligators and pet cats on the loose .
Pumas need lots of space .
Females roam over a home range of about 80 square miles , while males patrol ranges as big as 250 square miles .
For anyone driving through Florida cat country , the law demands you take it slow .
If you ’re lucky , you ’ll see a panther — one that still has the eyes to see you .
Pinhas Wallerstein served on the main settler council for more than 30 years
A veteran Israeli settler leader in the West Bank has resigned , saying that his fellow leaders are not doing enough to distance themselves from extremists .
Pinhas Wallerstein has joined other settlers in opposing the government 's limited freeze on new settlements .
But he has been unhappy with the more extreme tactics used by some settlers to oppose the policy .
He said he believed the Israeli government was too cautious in its handling of extremists .
Mr Wallerstein served on the Yesha Council , the main body representing Jewish Settlers , for more than 30 years .
' Price tag ' condemned
In his resignation letter as secretary general of the Yesha Council , Mr Wallerstein condemned the organisation 's failure to condemn the " price tag " policy employed by some settlers .
Under the policy , settlers attack Palestinian villages when the government takes action against Jewish settlements .
He also criticised the council for failing to condemn soldiers who refuse to carry out government orders to evacuate unauthorised settlements
In October , the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced a 10 - month moratorium on new housing projects in the West Bank , not including East Jerusalem .
Palestinians have been insisting on a total freeze in settlement building before they will restart peace negotiations .
Settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are considered illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
About half a million Jewish settlers live in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem .
Enlarge By Mike Fuentes , AP A firefighter shoots water at the steeple of Russell Memorial United Methodist Church in Wills Point , Texas , on Feb .
4 . Join the conversation : Religion , spirituality & ethics | Reader forum : Your beliefs @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER Pastor Carl Samples says his flock 's faith has n't wavered , even after their sanctuary was destroyed in the latest in a string of East Texas church fires that authorities say were deliberately set .
" I think it 's drawn us closer together .
It 's just kind of increased our faith , " said Samples , whose Dover Baptist Church was a total loss but for the steeple that survived the blaze Monday night .
Investigators with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives joined state and local fire officials this week in sifting through the charred remains for clues at Dover and at another church 3 miles away , Clear Spring Missionary Baptist Church , which was reported on fire a short time later .
Both churches serve a rural area outside Tyler , Texas .
FAITH & REASON : Religion , spirituality and ethics FIRES : 2 more churches burn FEAR : String of church arsons worries congregations Tom Crowley , spokesman for the agency at its Dallas office , said investigators concluded Wednesday that both fires were acts of arson .
Clay Alexander , head of the agency 's Tyler office , said the agency believes eight other church fires reported since January were caused by one or more arsonists .
" We 're not getting a lot of sleep .
We 're tired .
We 're frustrated that this is continuing to happen .
But we remain strong in our belief that we 're going to find who did this , " Alexander said There were no injuries reported in either fire but damage was extensive , Smith County Assistant Fire Marshal Oren Hale said .
" They were big ones .
They 're not to the ground , but they 'll be total losses , " he said .
A reward for information about who set the fires was raised to $ 25,000 from $ 10,000 on Tuesday , Crowley said .
Anyone with information was asked to call a toll - free number , 888 - ATF - FIRE .
" We 've got a lot of leads and keep getting more leads " on the earlier fires , Crowley said .
The Dallas Morning News reported Wednesday that Crowley said that though no motive is known , the fires could be set to cover up another crime .
Non-religious items have been stolen from some of the churches , he told the newspaper .
" It does n't have to be a hate crime , " Crowley said , noting that a variety of denominations and non-denominational churches were targets .
Most , but not all , have predominantly white congregations .
Samples said Dover Baptist Church has 35 to 40 members who regularly attended services in the church , which was originally a wood - frame structure with a brick veneer added in the 1970s .
He said a congregation member who lives near the church saw flames and alerted him and authorities .
" It 's pretty devastating to witness an event like this , " Samples said .
" It gives you an empty feeling , a sense of being violated . "
Other area churches have volunteered to host Sunday and Wednesday night services for the congregation , he said .
" We 've had an outpouring of Christian brotherhood , " Samples said .
Contributing : The Associated Press Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Hezbollah has raised the alert level among its fighters due to maneuvers conducted by the Israel Defense Forces in northern Israel , London - based Arabic - language al - Sharq al - Awsat newspaper reported Friday .
According to the report , the Shiite organization has instructed its men to take " general precautionary measures " for fear of a sudden Israeli attack targeting Hezbollah 's headquarters and post .
Threats Nasrallah :
War will change region 's face AFP Hezbollah leader slams Israeli ' threats , ' vows to defeat IDF in case of renewed hostilities on Lebanese border ; Israel in trouble , Nasrallah says , promises ' great victory ' in case of war Nasrallah : War will change region 's face
The source refused to confirm or deny the reports that Hezbollah has raised its alert level , but the paper reported that the organization was on a heightened state of alert not only in southern Lebanon , but also on hills in eastern and western Lebanon overlooking the Lebanon Valley – Hezbollah 's most important stronghold in the country .
According to the same report , the heightened state of alert among Hezbollah members does not include the organization 's civilian centers and the workers in those centers are continuing their routine jobs .
Al - Sharq al - Awsat added that according to several reports , Syria has begun recruiting reserve forces , including among workers residing in Lebanon .
According to the report , the laborers were requested to return to Syria and arrive at induction centers mentioned in the draft orders .
The newspaper failed to get Damascus ' response to this information and there is no official confirmation of this report from any other source .
Tomgram : Engelhardt , Fear Inc .
Hold Onto Your Underwear
This Is Not a National Emergency
By Tom Engelhardt
Let me put American life in the Age of Terror into some kind of context , and then tell me you ’re not ready to get on the nearest plane heading anywhere , even toward Yemen .
In 2008 , 14,180 Americans were murdered , according to the FBI .
In that year , there were 34,017 fatal vehicle crashes in the U.S. and , so the U.S. Fire Administration tells us , 3,320 deaths by fire .
More than 11,000 Americans died of the swine flu between April and mid-December 2009 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; on average , a staggering 443,600 Americans die yearly of illnesses related to tobacco use , reports the American Cancer Society ; 5,000 Americans die annually from food - borne diseases ; an estimated 1,760 children died from abuse or neglect in 2007 ; and the next year , 560 Americans died of weather - related conditions , according to the National Weather Service , including 126 from tornadoes , 67 from rip tides , 58 from flash floods , 27 from lightning , 27 from avalanches , and 1 from a dust devil .
As for airplane fatalities , no American died in a crash of a U.S. carrier in either 2007 or 2008 , despite 1.5 billion passengers transported .
In 2009 , planes certainly went down and people died .
In June , for instance , a French flight on its way from Rio de Janeiro to Paris disappeared in bad weather over the Atlantic , killing 226 .
Continental Connection Flight 3407 , a regional commuter flight , crashed into a house near Buffalo , New York , that February killing 50 , the first fatal crash of a U.S. commercial flight since August 2006 .
And in January 2009 , US Airways Flight 1549 , assaulted by a flock of birds , managed a brilliant landing in New York ’s Hudson River when disaster might have ensued .
In none of these years did an airplane go down anywhere due to terrorism , though in 2007 two terrorists smashed a Jeep Cherokee loaded with propane tanks into the terminal of Glasgow International Airport .
( No one was killed . )
The now - infamous Northwest Airlines Flight 253 , carrying Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab and his bomb - laden underwear toward Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 , had 290 passengers and crew , all of whom survived .
Had the inept Abdulmutallab actually succeeded , the death toll would not have equaled the 324 traffic fatalities in Nevada in 2008 ; while the destruction of four Flight 253s from terrorism would not have equaled New York State ’s 2008 traffic death toll of 1,231 , 341 of whom , or 51 more than those on Flight 253 , were classified as “ alcohol - impaired fatalities . ”
Had the 23 - year - old Nigerian set off his bomb , it would have been a nightmare for the people on board , and a tragedy for those who knew them .
It would certainly have represented a safety and security issue that needed to be dealt with .
But it would not have been a national emergency , nor a national - security crisis .
It would have been nothing more than a single plane knocked out of the sky , something that happens from time to time without the intervention of terrorists .
And yet here ’s the strange thing : thanks to what did n’t happen on Flight 253 , the media essentially went mad , 24/ 7 .
Newspaper coverage of the failed plot and its ramifications actually grew for two full weeks after the incident until it had achieved something like full - spectrum dominance , according to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism .
In the days after Christmas , more than half the news links in blogs related to Flight 253 .
At the same time , the Republican criticism machine ( and the media universe that goes with it ) ramped up on the subject of the Obama administration ’s terror wimpiness ; the global air transport system plunked down millions of dollars on new technology which will not find underwear bombs ; the homeland security - industrial - complex had a field day ; and fear , that adrenaline rush from hell , was further embedded in the American way of life .
Under the circumstances , you would never know that Americans living in the United States were in vanishingly little danger from terrorism , but in significant danger driving to the mall ; or that alcohol , tobacco , E. coli bacteria , fire , domestic abuse , murder , and the weather present the sort of potentially fatal problems that might be worth worrying about , or even changing your behavior over , or perhaps investing some money in .
Terrorism , not so much .
The few Americans who , since 2001 , have died from anything that could be called a terror attack in the U.S. -- whether the 13 killed at Fort Hood or the soldier murdered outside an army recruiting office in Little Rock , Arkansas -- were far outnumbered by the 32 dead in a 2007 mass killing at Virginia Tech , not to speak of the relatively regular moments when workers or former workers “ go postal . ”
Since September 11th , terror in the U.S. has rated above fatalities from shark attacks and not much else .
Since the economic meltdown of 2008 , it has , in fact , been left in the shade by violent deaths that stem from reactions to job loss , foreclosure , inability to pay the rent , and so on .
This is seldom highlighted in a country perversely convulsed by , and that ca n’t seem to get enough of , fantasies about being besieged by terrorists .
Institutionalizing Fear Inc .
The attacks of September 11 , 2001 , which had the look of the apocalyptic , brought the fear of terrorism into the American bedroom via the TV screen .
That fear was used with remarkable effectiveness by the Bush administration , which color - coded terror for its own ends .
A domestic version of shock - and - awe -- Americans were indeed shocked and awed by 9/11 -- helped drive the country into two disastrous wars and occupations , each still ongoing , and into George W. Bush ’s Global War on Terror , a term now persona non grata in Washington , even if the “ war “ itself goes on and on .
Today , any possible or actual terror attack , any threat no matter how far - fetched , amateurish , poorly executed , or ineffective , raises a national alarm , always seeming to add to the power of the imperial presidency and threatening to open new “ fronts ” in the now - unnamed global war .
The latest is , of course , in Yemen , thanks in part to that young Nigerian who was evidently armed with explosives by a home - grown organization of a few hundred men that goes by the name al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .
The fear of terrorism has , by now , been institutionalized in our society -- quite literally so -- even if the thing we ’re afraid of has , on the scale of human problems , something of the will o’ the wisp about it .
For those who remember their Cold War fiction , it ’s more specter than SPECTRE .
That fear has been embedded in what once was an un-American word , more easily associated with Soviet Russia or Nazi Germany : “ homeland . ”
It has replaced “ country , ” “ land , ” and “ nation ” in the language of the terror - mongers .
“ The homeland ” is the place which terrorism , and nothing but terrorism , can violate .
In 2002 , that terror - embedded word got its own official government agency : the Department of Homeland Security , our second “ defense ” department , which has a 2010 budget of $ 39.4 billion ( while overall “ homeland security ” spending in the 2010 budget reached $ 70.2 billion ) .
Around it has grown up a little - attended - to homeland - security complex with its own interests , businesses , associations , and lobbyists ( including jostling crowds of ex-politicians and ex-government bureaucrats ) .
As a result , more than eight years after 9/11 , an amorphous state of mind has manifested itself in the actual state as a kind of Fear Inc .
A number of factors have clearly gone into the creation of Fear Inc. and now insure that fear is the drug constantly shot into the American body politic .
These would include :
The imperial presidency : The Bush administration used fear not only to promote its wars and its Global War on Terror , but also to unchain the commander - in - chief of an already imperial presidency from a host of restraints .
The dangers of terror and of al - Qaeda , which became the global bogeyman , and the various proposed responses to it , including kidnapping ( “ extraordinary rendition ” ) , secret imprisonment , and torture , turned out to be the royal road to the American unconscious and so to a presidency determined , as Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and others liked to say , to take the gloves off .
It remains so and , as a result , under Barack Obama , the imperial presidency only seems to gain ground .
Recently , for instance , we learned that , under the pressure of the Flight 253 incident , the Obama administration has adopted the Bush administration position that a president , under certain circumstances , has the authority to order the assassination of an American citizen abroad .
( In this case , New Mexico - born Islamic cleric Anwar Aulaqi , who has been linked to the 9/11 plotters , the Fort Hood killer , and Abdulmutallab . )
The Bush administration opened the door to this possibility and now , it seems , a Democratic president may be stepping through .
The 24/7 media moment : 24/7 blitz coverage was once reserved for the deaths of presidents ( as in the assassination of John F. Kennedy ) and public events of agreed - upon import .
In 1994 , however , it became the coin of the media realm for any event bizarre enough , sensational enough , celebrity - based enough to glue eyeballs .
That June , O.J. Simpson engaged in his infamous low - speed car “ chase ” through Orange County followed by more than 20 news helicopters while 95 million viewers tuned in and thousands more gathered at highway overpasses to watch .
No one ’s ever looked back .
Of course , in a traditional media world that ’s shedding foreign and domestic bureaus and axing hordes of reporters , radically downsizing news rooms and shrinking papers to next to nothing , the advantages of focusing reportorial energies on just one thing at a time are obvious .
Those 24/7 energies are now regularly focused on the fear of terrorism and events which contribute to it , like the plot to down Flight 253 .
The Republican criticism machine and the media that go with it :
Once upon a time , even successful Republican administrations did n’t have their own megaphone .
That 's why , in the Vietnam era , the Nixon administration battled the New York Times so fiercely ( and -- my own guess -- that played a part in forcing the creation of the first “ op-ed ” page in 1970 , which allowed administration figures like Vice President Spiro Agnew and ex-Nixon speechwriter William Safire to gain a voice at the paper ) .
By the George W. Bush era , the struggle had abated .
The Times and papers like it only had to be pacified or cut out of the loop , since from TV to talk radio , publishing to publicity , the Republicans had their own megaphone ready at hand .
This is , by now , a machine chock - a- block full of politicians and ex-politicians , publishers , pundits , military “ experts , ” journalists , shock - jocks , and the like ( categories that have a tendency to blend into each other ) .
It adds up to a seamless web of promotion , publicity , and din .
It ’s capable of gearing up on no notice and going on until a subject -- none more popular than terrorism and Democratic spinelessness in the face of it -- is temporarily flogged to death .
It ensures that any failed terror attack , no matter how hopeless or pathetic , will be in the headlines and in public consciousness .
It circulates constant fantasies about possible future apocalyptic terror attacks with atomic weaponry or other weapons of mass destruction .
( And in all of the above , of course , it is helped by a host of tagalong pundits and experts , news shows and news reports from the more liberal side of the aisle . )
The Democrats who do n’t dare :
It ’s remarkable that the sharpest president we ’ve had in a while did n’t dare get up in front of the American people after Flight 253 landed and tell everyone to calm down .
He did n’t , in fact , have a single intelligent thing to say about the event .
He certainly did n’t remind Americans that , whatever happened to Flight 253 , they stood in far more danger heading out of their driveways behind the wheel or pulling into a bar on the way home for a beer or two .
Instead , the Obama administration essentially abjectly apologized , insisted it would focus yet more effort and money on making America safe from air terrorism , widened a new front in the Global War on Terror in Yemen ( speeding extra money and U.S. advisors that way ) , and when the din from its critics did n’t end , “ pushed back , ” as Peter Baker of the New York Times wrote , by claiming “ that they were handling terror suspects much as the previous administration did . ”
It ’s striking when a Democratic administration finds safety in the claim that it ’s acting like a Republican one , that it ’s following the path to the imperial presidency already cleared by George W. Bush .
Fear does that to you , and the fear of terror has been institutionalized at the top as well as the bottom of society .
9/11 Never Ends
Fear has a way of re-ordering human worlds .
That only a relatively small number of determined fanatics with extraordinarily limited access to American soil keep Fear Inc. afloat should , by now , be obvious .
What the fear machine produces is the dark underside of the charming Saul Steinberg New Yorker cover , “ A View of the World from 9th Avenue , ” in which Manhattan looms vast as the rest of the planet fades into near nothingness .
When you see the world “ from 9th Avenue , ” or from an all - al - Qaeda - all - the - time “ news ” channel , you see it phantasmagorically .
It ’s out of all realistic shape and proportion , which means you naturally make stupid decisions .
You become incapable of sorting out what matters and what does n’t , what ’s primary and what ’s secondary .
You become , in short , manipulable .
This is our situation today .
People always wonder :
What would the impact of a second 9/11 - style attack be on this country ?
Seldom noticed , however , is that all the pin-prick terror events blown up to apocalyptic proportions add up to a second , third , fourth , fifth 9/11 when it comes to American consciousness .
So the next time a Flight 253 occurs and the Republicans go postal , the media morphs into its 24/7 national - security - disaster mode , the pundits register red on the terror - news scale , the president defends himself by reaffirming that he is doing just what the Bush administration would have done , the homeland security lobbyists begin calling for yet more funds for yet more machinery , and nothing much happens , remember those drunken drivers , arsonists , and tobacco merchants , even that single dust devil and say :
Hold onto your underpants , this is not a national emergency .
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The End of Victory Culture , a history of the Cold War and beyond , as well as of a novel , The Last Days of Publishing .
He also edited The World According to TomDispatch : America in the New Age of Empire ( Verso , 2008 ) , an alternative history of the mad Bush years .
[ Note : The figures on the 2010 Department of Homeland Security budget and “ homeland security ” spending in the 2010 budget were provided by the National Priorities Project . ]
Copyright 2010 Tom Engelhardt
President Barack Obama voiced fresh support Friday for Ben Bernanke 's confirmation to a second term as Federal Reserve chief as doubts grew over Senate support for the nomination .
Obama has confidence in Bernanke and believes the Senate will confirm his reappointment , a White House spokesman told reporters traveling with the president to Ohio .
" The president has a great deal of confidence in what chairman Bernanke did to bring our economy back from the brink , " deputy White House spokesman Bill Burton said .
The comments came as Democratic Senator Russ Feingold joined the ranks of those saying they will vote against Bernanke , whose term is up Jan. 31 , over sharp criticism over his role in the 2008 global financial meltdown .
" Under the watch of Ben Bernanke , the Federal Reserve permitted grossly irresponsible financial activities that led to the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression , " Feingold said in a statement .
Senate Democratic Majority Harry Reid had been expected early this week to start the process of ending debate on the nomination and holding a final vote , but postponed the move .
A senior Senate Democratic aide said Reid was gauging the depth of opposition to Bernanke before holding a confirmation vote .
The aide , who declined to be named , said it was not yet clear Bernanke would get the 60 votes needed to ensure confirmation .
Reid met with Bernanke on Thursday and said in a statement he had pressed the central bank chief on applying " more pressure " to banks to lend to small businesses and to aid homeowners facing foreclosure .
" The American people expect our economic leaders to keep Wall Street honest and level the playing field for middle class families and I will continue to hold their feet to the fire to ensure this happens , " said Reid .
" As the Senate prepares to take up chairman Bernanke 's nomination , I look forward to hearing more from him about how he intends to address these issues , " the senator said .
About 10 - 15 Democrats have indicated to their colleagues that they oppose the nomination , and others have indicated that they have yet to make up their minds , according to an aide to a senator who opposes Bernanke 's confirmation .
Time magazine named Bernanke its 2009 " Person of the Year " in December , crediting him with helping guide the United States through financial turmoil .
Although many economists agree that Bernanke 's efforts eased the impact of the worst crisis in decades and likely averted a new Great Depression , a number of lawmakers blame Bernanke for failing to stop the housing and credit bubble that led to the crisis .
A group of senators from across the U.S. political spectrum have expressed opposition to Bernanke , and some have proposed legislation that would enhance Congress 's abilities to audit the Fed .
© AFP 2020
Can a clean smell make you a better person ?
That ’s the provocative suggestion of a recent study in the journal Psychological Science .
A team of researchers found that when people were in a room recently spritzed with a citrus - scented cleanser , they behaved more fairly when playing a classic trust game .
In another experiment , the smell of cleanser made subjects more ... ( Full article : 1681 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Zitate , Weisheiten , Sprüche , Redewendungen , Stilblüten , Sprichwörter und vieles mehr ...
Entdecke die Macht und Anwendungsvielfalt des geschriebenen Wortes !
... diese Formulierung mag pathetisch klingen , doch bringt sie die Tragweite von Worten zum Ausdruck .
" Nichts kann den Geist des Menschen mehr mobilisieren als die Macht des Wortes . "
Niklaus B. Enkelmann
Worte sind ein Code für Dinge , die Du in Deinem Leben gesehen , gehört , empfunden , also erlebt hast oder , deren Bedeutung Dir durch einen anderen Menschen mitgeteilt wurde .
Weiterhin sind Worte auch hörbare Gedanken .
Gedanken kreieren tatsächlich unser Leben .
Worte sind der Übermittler dieser Gedanken .
Das gibt ihnen ebenfalls diese Macht .
Ohne die passenden Worte wird uns schnell die Grenze für die Ausdrucksfähigkeit unserer Wahrnehmung klar .
Mit Ihnen lässt sich jedoch Großes bewirken .
" Um einen Stein zu zertrümmern , braucht man einen Hammer , aber um eine kostbare Vase zu zerbrechen , genügt eine flüchtige Bewegung und um das Herz eines Menschen zu treffen , genügt oft ein einziges Wort " .
Eugen Drewermann
Es ist also kein Wunder , dass diese Community ganz dieser Magie der Worte gewidmet ist .
Melden
Sie sich einfach rasch an , wenn
Sie selbst Inhalte hier erstellen oder sich mit anderen Mitgliedern und Gleichgesinnten austauschen möchten .
Wir freuen uns auf deinen Beitrag !
Kurze Inhaltsvorschau
Hier bekommen
Sie einen kurzen Einblick in die Inhalte des umfassenden Verzeichnisses von Magic of Word .
Es sollen Ihnen gleichzeitig die vielfältigen Features und Communtiy Elemente von Magic of Word kurz erläutert werden .
Zitate und Aphorismen auf Magicofword
Hinter diesem Menüpunkt verbirgt sich eine riesige Sammlung an Zitaten , Weisheiten , Aphorismen , Lebensweisheiten und Redewendungen samt den Persönlichkeiten , von denen sie stammen .
Die Zitate sind kategorisiert nach Themen und nach Autoren .
Beispielsweise lassen sich Zitate des berühmten deutschen Dichters Goethe wie " Mit dem Wissen wächst der Zweifel . " oder von Albert Einstein ( " Gleichungen sind wichtiger für mich , weil die Politik für die Gegenwart ist , aber eine Gleichung etwas für die Ewigkeit . " ) finden .
Zur besseren Übersicht haben wir diese Aphorismen für Sie nach Themen sowie nach Autoren gegliedert .
Sie gelangen zur jeweiligen Sammlung bequem über das horizontale Hauptmenü im Kopfbereich dieser Website .
Filmzitate
Ohne Filmzitate und Filmsprüche würden uns vielen Filmklassiker und Kultfilme nicht so lange in Erinnerung bleiben .
Hier findet ihr eine umfassende Sammlung an coolen und witzigen Sprüchen aus den denkwürdigsten Filmen .
Darunter absolute Kultschinken wie Pulp Fiction , Fight Club , Borat , Fluch der Karibik , Keinohrhasen oder die 90er Kultserie Eine schrecklich nette Familie mit dem Sprücheklopfer Al Bundy .
Stilblüten auf Magicofword
Hier finden
Sie eine große Auswahl an Stilblüten und Kathederblüten aus verschiedensten Rubriken wie „ Schulaufsätze “ , „ Amtsschreiben “ , „ Briefe an die Versicherung “ , „ Fußballer und Trainer “ , „ Lachen vor der Glotze “ und " Politiker " .
Politiker wie der ehemalige bayrische Ministerpräsident Edmund Stoiber sind bekannte Lieferanten von so mancher Stilblüte .
Sprüche
Eine Sammlung von Sprüchen und Sprichwörtern aller Art. Darunter u.a. coole Sprüche , denkwürdige Aussprüche ebenso wie Sprüche zu besonderen Anlässen , Festen und Feiern wie z.B. Geburtstagssprüche , der Geburtssprüche , Schulanfangssprüche , Kommunion - Sprüche oder Konfirmationssprüche , Examenssprüche , Einweihungssprüche , Ruhestandssprüche oder andere Jubiläumssprüche oder Sprüche zur Hochzeit oder zum Ableben eines Menschen .
Sprüche Themen helfen bei der Navigation .
Witze
Lachen macht Laune und ist Balsam für die Seele .
Mit der ständig wachsenden Auswahl an Witzen in dieser Rubrik können Sie lachen , bis das Zwerchfell platzt .
Heitern Sie Ihre Freunde mit einem neuen pointierten Witz auf .
Hier finden Sie das Material zum Totlachen .
Texte
Sämtliche Texte , die nicht in die anderen Rubriken passen , finden Sie hier .
Das können vor allem lustige Texte sein ebenso wie Texte für Trauerkarten , Texte zur Geburt , Texte für Hochzeitseinladungen , lustigste , kuriose und unterhaltsame Texte und Kurzgeschichten sowie Funtexte und Texte zum Nachdenken .
Die Texte sind kategorisiert und können sortiert , bewertet und kommentiert werden von Besuchern .
Skurrile Fakten
In dieser Rubrik findet sich eine große Ansammlung an seltsamen , skurilen , aber irgendwie auch interessanten und unterhaltsamen Fakten und Geschichten aus den verschiedensten Themengebieten .
Tricks und Tipps
Hier finden
Sie eine ganze Reihe an Tricks und Tipps für ein besseres und einfacheres Leben im Alltag .
Dabei werden Tipps zu Bereichen des Lebens und des Alltags , wie Haushalt , Familie , Gesundheit , Reisen , Urlaub , Ausgehen und vielen mehr gesammelt und in den entsprechenden Kategorien für Sie bereit gestellt .
Witzige und originelle Geschenke
Schenken macht Freude - diesem Leitsatz hat sich diese Rubrik zu 100 % verschrieben und sucht im Internet nach witzigen und ausgefallenen Geschenken , originellen und lustigen Artikeln , Erlebnisgeschenke und Gutscheinen , die sie Ihren Freunden , Ihrer Familie oder Ihrem Liebsten schenken können .
Hier finden
Sie originelle und lustige Geschenke und kreative und ausgefallene Geschenkideen für Männer , Frauen , die Freundin oder zu verschiedensten Anlässen wie Weihnachten , Valentinstag , Geburtstag oder zur Hochzeit .
Die Magic of Word Funktionalitäten und Features
It is unconstitutional to execute mentally retarded prisoners in the United States .
The state of Texas , however , appears to have found a loophole , according to a published report .
Psychologist George Denkowski , an expert witness oft - used by Texas prosecutors , has been utilizing “ junk science ” to elevate the intelligence evaluation scores of mentally deficient death row prisoners , according to a new report in The Texas Observer .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the Supreme Court ’s 2002 ruling on Atkins v. Virginia , Justice John Paul Stevens wrote , “ Because of their disabilities in areas of reasoning , judgment , and control of their impulses … [ the mentally retarded ] do not act with the level of moral culpability that characterizes the most serious adult criminal conduct . ”
Because of this , the justices found it “ cruel and unusual ” to put the metally deficient to death , leaving it to the states to establish a framework by which such individuals could be identified in capital cases .
However , Texas Governor Rick Perry rejected a bill that would have established rules to determine who is mentally retarded .
Left grasping , courts invented their own criteria , turning to psychologists for the complicated evaluations .
Having played a key part in two - thirds of the state ’s Atkins appeals , Dr. George Denkowski has built a lucrative practice off ensuring the mentally retarded are executed , his critics say .
Denkowski ’s reputation for declaring prisoners fit to die has earned him “ almost Dr. Death status , ” attorney Robert Morrow told reporter Reneé Feltz .
For $ 180 an hour , the 30 - year veteran psychologist would evaluate a prisoner ’s mental standing .
For an additional $ 250 an hour , he would testify .
And Denkowski almost always worked for the prosecution , the Observer noted .
After his evaluation of mentally retarded prisoner Daniel Plata was thrown out by a Texas judge , who called Denkowski ’s methods “ fatally flawed , ” his critics became emboldened .
Dr. Jerome Brown , who had worked on several of Denkowski ’s cases in the past , filed a complaint with the state licensing board for psychologists , charging that Denkowski was unethically altering testing methodologies to drive adaptive behavior scores higher .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s essentially junk science , ” Brown argued .
However , “ when [ Denkowski ] went into the courtroom , he was the expert , ” Feltz told RAW STORY in an exclusive interview .
“ He could give concise summaries of what he found when he diagnosed these people .
The defense psychologists , they would go in there and kinda ramble , they ’re not as polished , they have n’t been through this 20 times already and the judges just found Denkowski much more convincing . ”
In one case , she added , Denkowski went as far as to argue that because a prisoner was a Mexican immigrant and did not have the benefit of a public education in the United States , the state could reasonably assume that had he been educated stateside he would be a functioning adult , therefore was fit to execute .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s a bizarre argument , ” Feltz explained , “ but he knew how to say that in a polished way to the judges .
The judges were n’t that well informed about science to begin with , so they accepted it . ”
Since complaints were lodged against Denkowski , the Texas Board of Examiners of Psychologists has found that at least three of his cases were littered with scoring errors .
Now Denkowski is facing a review by the state licensing board on Feb. 16 , when his career as a psychologist could end .
ADVERTISEMENT
Already , three of the Atkins appeals he testified on have been placed on hold pending the outcome of the hearing .
Denkowski evaluated 29 men in total ; some have already been executed .
If the state removes his license , nearly all of those cases could once again be called into question .
“ It ’s a labyrinthine process , ” Feltz explained , but the possibility exists that some of the prisoners Denkowski evaluated could be spared their lives .
“ [ The three cases on hold ] will pose an interesting bellwether as to how the other cases may play out . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re talking about people who are basically guilty of the crimes they ’re accused of committing , ” she continued . “…
So , it ’s hard for a lot of people to look at them and say , ‘ I have a lot of compassion . ’
But the Supreme Court decided that if you ’re going to have this death penalty machine , there ’s a certain way in which it should operate .
Executions should not be used in capital cases in which the defendant is found to be mentally retarded . ”
Feltz ’s report was produced in conjunction with the investigative fund at The Nation Institute .
This video was published to the Web by Democracy Now ! on Jan. 12 , 2010 .
A U.S. government investigator is opening a probe into disclosures made as part of the government 's rescue of American International Group Inc. when the company 's trading partners were paid billions in November 2008 .
Neil Barofsky , the special inspector general for the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program , plans to tell a U.S. House panel Wednesday that he is investigating whether there was any " misconduct relating to the disclosure or lack thereof " surrounding the deals , in which banks who had traded with the giant ...
The polling on how much all of America hates the SCOTUS Citizens United ruling is striking .
Americans of both parties overwhelmingly oppose a Supreme Court ruling that allows corporations and unions to spend as much as they want on political campaigns , and most favor new limits on such spending , according to a new Washington Post - ABC News poll .
Eight in 10 poll respondents say they oppose the high court 's Jan. 21 decision to allow unfettered corporate political spending , with 65 percent " strongly " opposed .
Nearly as many backed congressional action to curb the ruling , with 72 percent in favor of reinstating limits .
The poll reveals relatively little difference of opinion on the issue among Democrats ( 85 percent opposed to the ruling ) , Republicans ( 76 percent ) and independents ( 81 percent ) .
And how 's this for a wedge issue for Dems ?
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( Ky. ) and other Republican lawmakers have praised the high court ruling as a victory for free speech , however , and have signaled their intent to oppose any legislation intended to blunt the impact of the court 's decision ....
Republicans and business groups have rallied around the ruling , arguing that the decision merely levels the playing field with free - spending unions and other liberal interest groups .
The new poll , however , suggests there may be political risks for the GOP in opposing limits that appear to be favored by the party 's base .
Dems can capitalize on this sentiment , if they recognize it for what it is and push hard on as many populist efforts as possible -- that means not just some sort of fix for this SCOTUS decision , but financial reform with real teeth and real consumer protections and a strong jobs bill .
There 's a tremendous opportunity right now to differentiate the Dems from the Republicans .
Consider this from Roll Call [ sub req ] :
Senate GOP Staff Meet With Lobbyists on Jobs Bill Senate Republican leadership staff are huddling with K Streeters this afternoon over Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ’s ( D - Nev. ) decision to forgo a bipartisan jobs package in favor of a smaller , targeted plan .
The meeting is expected to draw staff from the offices of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( Ky. ) and Sens. Chuck Grassley ( Iowa ) and Orrin Hatch ( Utah ) , according to a lobbyist planning to attend the meeting .
" People are curious and want to know what ’s happening , " the lobbyist said .
You know who the Republicans are going to be looking out for on this one .
This jobs bill is the first chance , and possibly most important opportunity , Dems have to really show that they are looking out for regular Americans .
Of course , to show that , they 'll have to do it .
Passing a real , effective jobs bill centered on creating jobs and not giving out more tax cuts would be a great start , and great policy .
Putting the Republicans in a position to either support the effort , or to show America that they care more about their corporate sponsors than they do jobs , is just smart politics .
Freedom of Speech in Iran Activist Gets One - Year Prison Sentence for SPIEGEL Interview
Last week Iranian activist Abed Tavancheh was sentenced to one year in prison for giving an interview to SPIEGEL about student protests .
His lawyer Naser Zarafshan says his client does n't regret speaking out .
Here follows the first essay I ever did write on gaming philosophy .
Its a bit angry , though in mind it was written long before Bioware ’s Dragon Age or Mass Effect 2 so probably goes a little harsh on the ‘ ole developers .
Since I wrote this article it seems games actually have moved slowly in the direction the younger , angrier me wanted them too .
Still works as a rough manifesto , though .
The Nature of the GRG , and that it is better known than the RPG
First , a disclaimer !
This essay looks at the term “ Role - Playing Game ” and seeks to explain that really the “ Role - Playing ” has been lost along the way .
That is not to say that the modern RPG is any worse a “ game ” for it , any less fun , just a different beast .
If you happen to love Bioware RPGs I apologise if any of this seems confrontational or , more likely , patronising .
The point is there was once something called “ Role - Playing ” in RPGs and that it was lost somewhere along the way .
I personally think this is a shame , others may not .
Computer RPGs have had a bit of a bad rap .
The embarrassing gap between their real world ancestors , most notably their closet relative the pen-on - paper RPG , is well documented .
If such documents have yet to pass under your nose , here is the basic gist of the problem :
In the beginning , Roleplaying games were simply that .
Games were people would play the roles of certain characters , simulating their lives with bits of their imagination , pens and lots ( and lots ) of paper .
That ’s were this “ RPG ” term came from , and they are still played by many to this day .
Pen - on - Paper Role Playing Games rely almost entirely on the intelligence , creativity and sensitivity of their “ GMs ” ( Game Masters ) .
It ’s these wily individuals that are responsible for setting each scene , steering the players through their experience , throwing up obstacles carefully designed to test the players in ways that are reasonable and fun and allow proper room for the players to roleplay their little hearts out .
The ability to react to any given situation that might come up is vital : a player asks where the dwarf got that scar on his cheek , and it ’s GM to the rescue .
The players want to collaborate to attempt a heist at the local shop , it ’s GM that can judge wither this is feasible , probably or even desirable , and react accordingly .
The rule - sets dictated by the makers of whatever game is being played still apply , but the imagination and daring of the GM ( and of course the players ) was what was vital to the creation of story .
The GM ultimately fixes every problem , if he is indeed wily ( and dedicated , patient , etc. ) enough , then players can really experience full - on the magic that is roleplaying in another world .
To be in another place , to be another person , to adventure in this amazing realm of opportunity , it can be fantastic fun for everyone involved .
Of course , you DO need a great GM .
Therein lies the problem , as far as Computer RPGs are concerned .
We are forced to jump down from billions of years of meticulously designed , evolved human intelligence with a culture and a lifetime ’s worth of knowledge , experience and social guile to shoulder this immense task , instead to have it dealt with by what is essentially a grown - up Smarties Calculator with a colour screen .
Computers are dumb .
Really dumb .
So dumb that the ENTIRE of the leg - work previously done by the human GM is totally too complicated for the poor electronic sod to even begin , giving us the uneasy compromise that every single possible action by the player and reaction by the world has to be programmed - in before hand to be drawn upon when needed .
The only thing that these snazzy Smarties Calculators - Come - GMs can manage , however , and even outstrip their human counterparts at , is number - crunching .
Computers are the supreme number - crunchers , willing and able to work out d20 - oh - seven - nine - b- zero rolls far faster and more efficiently than any human ever could bear .
This , interestingly , is the biggest problem for our dear old human GMs ; how to deal with pseudo - random and even the pseudo - predictable when it comes to physical conflict .
RPG
Gamers can be an unruly bunch , prone to getting into unsavoury situations and just as prone to want to know why when things go pear - shaped .
The best way the Gods of D&D devised to deal with such biting questions as “ How likely is my barbarian to hit that rat with his axe ? ” and “ Is my thief able to pick the wizard ’s pocket before he notices ? ” was to remove any shred of subjectivity from the equation , and throw in handy dice - rolls , with pages and pages of character sheets and stats to approximate the likely outcome for any such action .
It takes a huge burden off the human GM ’s judgment , though not without some nasty side effects , namely that as soon as a rigid , readable system is in place , there are always those ( lets be honest , a majority ) that will learn how the system works , and look to exploit it .
A guard is no longer a guard , he is a bundle of potential dice - rolls , some more risky than others .
A character is a character no longer : he is now a list of stats , a tool used to manipulate in any way the system leaves possible , a vessel used to reach the goal .
Look at this for horrific : the stat - lords have even attempted to objectify morality itself into a set in stone list of nine possible archetypes .
Think about what I just said .
Of course , all this jazz fits nicely in with what was soon to become to strict norm – I ’ve already mentioned it : Dungeons and Dragons .
A party of adventures is on a quest ( that may well involve BOTH dungeons AND dragons ) to get the gold or the princess of save the kingdom or the world or un - make the one ring .
When 90 % of your time is spent bonking kobolds on the head with a broadsword exactly what you need is a purely objective , statistical system to handle the transition from roleplaying into a nice , satisfying fantasy tactics simulation .
The difference is crucial .
A few paragraphs back , we were in a subjective world of human understanding , we were in the shoes of our chosen characters and we were living their lives .
The questions were : “ What sort of a person is my character ? ” , “ What is his role in life ? ” “ What would this character do in this situation ? ”
And for the GM , “ What would be the consequence ? ”
As we drift into the world of d20s and goal at the end of the dungeon , this is what we are left with : “ How can our party get through this dungeon alive ? ” and “ How can I make this fun for them ? ”
Not to say there is anything wrong with this game , nor that it ca n’t be just as fun .
But , strictly speaking , this is no -longer a role - playing game , but a goal - reaching one .
Note that down in your copy - book now .
Of course , as long as you are still playing with humans , still within the whole theatre of roleplaying space where any action can be interpreted and reacted back at by your fellow players and your GM , and the intent is there , there is still a fighting chance you can still be roleplaying and not , as the case may well be , just playing an elaborate fantasy tactics game .
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’m well aware the great legacy D&D has had on people coming together not just to “ GRG ” as I ’d put it , but Role - play , too .
However its not like our habit of coming together to pretend to be other people and role - play together started there .
We all did it as children , did n’t we ?
D&D allowed adults to continue this and at the same time take part in another game , the game of dice - rolls , of Character Sheets and the “ how- many - health- points-can-I-afford-to-lose-before - I- should-run-away - from - this - dragon ” conundrum .
You are probably ahead of me at this point .
This element above depicted is , of course , the only dredge of the role - playing tradition that survives ; some would say that COULD survive the transition from paper + brain to Smarties Calculator .
Sorry , that was a pretty long “ gist ” , was n’t it ?
So were does this leave us ?
Neverwinter sodding Nights , that ’s were .
The dirty , necessary mechanics of dice rolls and stat sheets are transferred with pain - staking accuracy , installed beautifully and tweaked to perfection to give you the perfect base from which to write a fantasy tactics game on .
Now let ’s not be harsh ; as mentioned earlier every single possibility has to be programmed in , so we are n’t going to come to the party with great expectations of roleplaying joy .
But we know these games are made by so - called lovers of the RPG , and Bioware and minions Obsidian will toil away to ram as much RP into their G as they can manage , right ?
I ’m sorry to disappoint , but apparently they are n’t , because that is n’t what Bioware ever had planned .
This is GRG ( Goal - Reaching - Game , look , I coined a name ! ) through - and - through .
You are given quests , goals to achieve , and you choose a character with which to reach them with .
Do n’t get me wrong , they want the player to be able to kill the dragon , save the princess , get the treasure in whatever way they want .
They even give a few crumbs to those that do n’t want to go about on murder - sprees , by slipping the occasional non-confrontational solution in .
You can kill the orc with a bow , a spell , a sword !
You can pick the lock , you can kill the wizard to get the key , and you can even ask him for it ( if you are nice enough ! ) .
The key problem here is that entire list comprises of is a lovely amount of different ways to do the same thing : complete the game .
In a very , very narrow sense we are talking roleplaying , if you look at it being your character ’s role in their party ’s quest to save the world .
In the more important sense , the sense that matters , your character ’s role is the hero , the world ’s - saviour , the character that will complete this list of objectives in this order to reach this goal .
That much is never brought into the player ’s control , into the realm of gaming - narrative .
Locked is the aspect of the player ’s role in life from player choice , which is n’t really what we want , is it ?
Now we are secure in our understanding of the RPG name ’s etymology we can objectively ponder just how much this name is fitting nowadays .
What , strictly speaking , makes Neverwinter Nights more of a RPG than Call of Duty 4 ?
Your role is set in stone in both , it ’s simply how you go about that role ( IE , by sword , bow , AK47 , M4 , etc. ) that sits in the realm of player choice .
So , what , exactly , SHOULD we call an RPG ?
Do any real RPGs even exist ?
These are big , big questions , after all , any game that could deliver the ability to roleplay in a theatre of true gaming narrative would be just about the best game we could hope for , would n’t it ?
Well , I think it would .
Jordan 's Appeal Court has extended the reach of its print and publications law to cover electronic media , meaning that it will censor sites and blogs , writing in ArabCrunch , Gaith Saqer that ,
empowers authorities to prosecute or impose fines on any electronic medium of Publishing from SMS to the Internet user from Twitter user , to facebook , to journalists , bloggers and editors for publishing online material that the law finds wrong .
He quotes , Basil Okur , editor of Jordan 's online news site , Ammon saying that he will comply with the law but he wonders how it will implemented considering the technical challenges the country
In the Jordan Times online paper , Hani Hazaimeh , reports thus ,
Electronic media editors and activists on Thursday said the recent Cassation Court 's decision to subject news websites and electronic media to the Press and Publications Law will curb Internet freedom .
It remains to be seen how the Jordanian authorities will implement the law .
Analysis A Silicon Valley startup backed by the rainmaker who got Google off the ground is about to formally announce a miraculous , shoebox - sized device capable of powering a house - " anywhere , with no emissions " according to the BBC .
No , actually
Of course that 's just Beeb Twitter - journalism twaddle , and the firm in question - Bloom Energy - makes no claim of zero emissions or freedom from infrastructure .
But the firm 's executives and backers do think that many people in future may choose to install a small " Bloom Box " in their home and use it to generate electricity from such fuels as natural gas and ethanol .
The technology in the box is nothing more than a hydrocarbon fuel cell , and naturally it takes in oxygen from the air and emits CO 2 just like an ordinary hydrocarbon - fuelled generator .
But it is more efficient : and unlike most fuel cells , according to its makers , it is cheap to make .
That , in a nutshell , is it : a cheap gas - powered fuel cell .
We 've requested some actual tech specs from Bloom , but we 're still waiting .
The firm is playing the hype game particularly hard , with tailored , closely managed leaks to select media in recent days building up to a global announcement in a few hours ' time .
However , the broad outlines of the Bloom Box are clear .
The fuel cells are said to be made of cheap materials - " sand and ink " according to interviews given by Bloom CEO KR Sridhar - and to be undergoing trial deployments at various customer facilities in California .
Wal - Mart , FedEx , eBay and Google have been named as customers .
Mostly the pilot Bloom plants - larger , fridge or car - sized units intended to power large buildings - run on ordinary fossil - fuel natural gas , but some users intend to use gas sourced from landfills or other more eco - feely sources .
Benefiting from lavish Californian eco-subsidies - much though there 's nothing particularly eco-friendly about making electricity out of fossil fuel - and the known fact that a kilowatt - hour of gas is much cheaper than one of grid electricity , the Bloom units are reported to cut into a building 's electricity bill quite substantially , as one would expect .
A prominent investor in Bloom is John Doerr of Netscape and Google fame , who thinks that homeowners may choose to install Bloom boxes : even that power companies may place larger ones in substations .
Sridhar , a one - time NASA engineer , considers that small , affordable units could be a boon to customers in developing nations without access to grid electricity .
If the Bloom cells are as cheap and reliable as the firm suggests , the tech may indeed become very popular .
But , contrary to the company 's spin and the rapidly mounting hype , this would ultimately be a disaster in terms of carbon emissions and energy security for the Western world .
Properly carbon - busting fuels like garbage gas are never going to supply a big fraction of a developed nation 's power - a few per cent is a likely maximum .
As for ethanol , the only way this can be produced in a vaguely green way is as biofuel from food crops - and this equates to starvation for the world 's poor plus accelerated deforestation with associated eco-evils .
For many traditional IT companies , the lure of energy efficiency efforts is two - fold : data center costs are becoming dominated by power use , so greater efficiency will both save them money and provide them with products and services that they can sell to other companies .
These efforts also fall nicely in line with the goals of the Department of Energy , which is now using some of its stimulus money to fund data center efficiency projects from companies like Alcatel - Lucent , Hewlett - Packard , IBM , and Yahoo .
Meanwhile , Google has decided it needs greater control over the power coming in , and will be launching its own utility , which will focus on supplying it with renewable energy .
The new DOE grants were announced on Wednesday .
" By reducing energy use and energy costs for the IT and telecommunications industries , this funding will help create jobs and ensure the sector remains competitive , ” stated DOE head Steven Chu .
" The expected growth of these industries means that new technologies adopted today will yield benefits for many years to come . "
The total funding was relatively small , at $ 47 million , but ( like many DOE - funded efforts ) , it will require matching money from the industry involved , which will bring the total expenditures up to over $ 100 million .
The funding ( PDF ) will cover the full data center ecosystem , from facility cooling to software that helps cut the drain of idle hardware .
Some of them have gone to traditional enterprise research centers .
For example , IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center has received two awards , one for developing facility - scale liquid cooling , the other for monitoring and controlling cooling systems .
Alcatel - Lucent 's Bell Labs will get two as well , for developing methods to monitor network - wide traffic flows in order to optimize power use , and another for liquid cooling systems , as well .
Hewlett - Packard 's award will go towards the development of an integrated , modular server unit that integrates the cooling and power conversion hardware into the unit .
Yahoo will get one to help it build one of its passive - cooling data centers , which it described in detail in the past .
But some of the more interesting projects are going to smaller companies and the academic world .
Santa Clara 's SeaMicro will be testing physicalized servers with hundreds of processors that may see a 75 percent energy saving .
Caltech will get money to develop software for load balancing across multiple data centers .
Columbia University will be getting an award to develop technology for making better use of power once it's on the CPU ; the plan is to make better use of the power the CPU receives , cutting losses by 10 percent .
Google Energy
Google was n't on the DOE 's award list , but the company has done extensive work to optimize the power use of its data centers and obtain renewable energy for its facilities .
But the company has gone significantly beyond that , funding a variety of renewable energy technology companies via its Google.org initiative .
Apparently , however , the company wants a bit more control over the power it uses , as the company has launched a subsidiary called Google Energy and applied to trade energy on the wholesale market .
Essentially , the company is dissatisfied with the renewable offerings being made by its utilities , and wants to make sure it has more options available to it .
Presumably , the move will ultimately allow it to buy power from some of the renewable companies that it 's funding via Google.org .
Right now , it 's clear that these enterprise companies see lots of opportunity in the renewable and energy efficiency markets , and are scrambling to take advantage of them ( creating some strange bedfellows in the process , like the Yahoo - DOE arrangement ) .
But an interview with Bill Weihl , the Google executive who runs their green energy initiatives , highlights a danger of the current environment : it 's highly dependent on the stimulus money .
" At the end of 2010 , when the stimulus ends , we ’re going to drive off the biggest funding cliff the energy field has ever seen , " Weihl said .
The key question will be whether these companies have made an irreversible commitment to efficiency before we drop off that cliff .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Iran is " becoming a military dictatorship " , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said .
She was speaking to students at a Qatar university during a tour of the region .
She said Iran 's elite army corps , the Revolutionary Guard , had gained so much power they had effectively supplanted the government .
Earlier , aides revealed Mrs Clinton would press Saudi Arabia to help persuade China to support a tougher stand against Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
In response , Iran rejected criticism from the West about its human rights record at a meeting of the United Nations Human Rights Council .
' Supplanted '
Asked if the US was planning to attack Iran , Mrs Clinton said Washington wanted to bring the world community together to agree on sanctions against the Revolutionary Guard .
IRAN'S REVOLUTIONARY GUARD Founded 1979 Numbers about 125,000 troops Operates independently of the regular army Controls the Basij militia , Iran 's " moral police " Commercial arm involved in construction , oil exports , petrol imports , defence and transport contracts
The Qods Force special unit is thought to back armed groups in Iraq , Afghanistan and Lebanon Source : Reuters " We see that the government of Iran , the supreme leader , the president , the parliament , is being supplanted and that Iran is moving toward a military dictatorship .
That is our view , " Mrs Clinton said .
She also said the US would " not stand idly by " and watch Iran acquire a nuclear weapon .
On Monday a senior Iranian official , speaking in Geneva to a UN Human Rights Commission ( UNHCR ) review of Iran , rejected the accusations made against Tehran .
" Iran is becoming one of the predominant democratic states in the region , " Iranian High Council for Human Rights secretary general Mohammad Javad Larijani said .
But US and European delegates told the UNHCR Iran had suppressed street protests after disputed elections in June .
On Thursday , the US announced it was extending already - existing sanctions it imposed against a construction company run by the Revolutionary Guard and the general who is the company 's chief officer .
The profits made by the company from infrastructure projects were being funnelled back into Iran 's missile and nuclear programmes , the US Treasury said .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps was set up in 1979 , following the Shah 's deposal , to protect the ruling system and the supreme leader from attacks from both outside and within Iran .
It has extended its interests into Iran 's economy , controlling a number of enterprises and industries .
" Mrs Clinton is targeting the Revolutionary Guards with her rhetoric because she wants to target them with sanctions , " the BBC 's world affairs correspondent Paul Reynolds says .
" Discussions about further measures against Iran are currently going on among security council members and the aim is to try to put a squeeze on the Revolutionary Guards as opposed to hitting at ordinary people . "
Chinese influence Earlier , Mrs Clinton 's aides revealed she will ask the Saudis to reassure China that they will meet any shortfall in its oil needs if further UN sanctions are imposed , aides say .
She will meet King Abdullah and Foreign Minister Prince Saud al - Faisal during her first visit to the kingdom .
On Sunday , she urged Iran to reconsider its " dangerous policy decisions " .
Mrs Clinton told a conference in Qatar it was leaving the international community little choice but to impose further sanctions .
The US and its allies fear Iran is attempting to develop a nuclear weapon .
Iran insists its nuclear programme is entirely peaceful .
' Under pressure ' A senior state department official said on Saturday that the US wanted Saudi Arabia , which has growing trade relations with China , to persuade Beijing to abandon opposition to a fourth round of UN Security Council sanctions .
We do n't want to be engaging while they are building their bomb
Hillary Clinton
US Secretary of State
More sanctions on way for Iran ?
Q&A : Iran and the nuclear issue " We would expect them [ the Saudis ] to use these visits , to use their relationships in ways that can help increase the pressure that Iran would feel , " Jeffrey Feltman , the acting assistant secretary for Near Eastern affairs , told reporters .
China , which wields a veto on the Security Council as a permanent member , is against imposing more sanctions .
The BBC's Kim Ghattas , who is travelling with Mrs Clinton , says Beijing fears a major loss of revenue from investments in Iran , and disruption of oil supplies from a country providing it with 400,000 barrels a day .
The secretary of state is expected to press the Saudis to reassure the Chinese that the kingdom can offset any disruption .
Mrs Clinton recently warned China that it would be " under a lot of pressure to recognise the destabilising impact that a nuclear - armed Iran would have in the Gulf , from which they receive a significant percentage of their oil " .
On Sunday , US Vice - President Joe Biden said he was confident Beijing would change its approach and back new sanctions .
Diplomatic drive
In a wide - ranging speech at the US - Islamic World forum in Doha , Mrs Clinton appealed to Muslim leaders to help in halting Iran 's nuclear programme , saying its policies suggested it was developing nuclear weapons .
" The evidence is accumulating that that 's exactly what they are trying to do , " she said .
" I would like to figure out a way to handle it in as peaceful an approach possible , and I certainly welcome any meaningful engagement , but ... we do n't want to be engaging while they are building their bomb . "
Our correspondent says Mrs Clinton 's speech also seemed to appeal to Muslims and Arabs not to give up on the Obama administration .
She acknowledged there had been setbacks in re-launching peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians , and in closing the military detention centre at Guantanamo Bay , but insisted Washington was committed to achieving both .
Mrs Clinton 's two deputies will head to the region in the coming days , travelling to Israel , Jordan and Egypt .
And on Monday , William Burns , the under - secretary for political affairs , will travel to Lebanon and Syria .
Our correspondent says Washington is still hoping it can loosen the links between Damascus and Tehran , while Lebanon currently holds a seat on the Security Council .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OTTAWA–A week of controversy over Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's shutdown of Parliament has sent all federal politicians scrambling to respond to what appears to be a back - to - work order by Canadians .
Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff announced Friday that his party will be holding public hearings on employment , the environment and other big issues starting on Jan. 25 – the week Parliament was supposed to return until Harper pushed the date to March 3 when the Olympics are finished .
" He thought Canadians did n't care and it turns out they do care , " Ignatieff told reporters .
" They want their Parliament to work and they did n't like the way he did it .
They did n't like the way he gambled on their cynicism .
And Canadians are not as cynical as he thought . "
The Liberal leader was referring to polls and social - network protests , such as a 100,000 - plus - member group on Facebook , which show a surprising streak of opposition to the prolonged shutdown .
An Angus Reid poll released Thursday found that 53 per cent of Canadians disagree with Harper 's decision to prorogue Parliament , while The Economist , an internationally influential magazine , slammed Harper 's " naked self - interest " in putting the Olympics before the legislature .
Ignatieff said that the Liberal caucus 's return on Jan. 25 wo n't be merely a stunt for the cameras , but a genuine discussion on issues of importance to the public .
" We 're coming back to work and not just ( to ) show up for one day .
We want to run a series of public hearings , public discussions , public policy forums , " he said .
NDP Leader Jack Layton could n't be reached for comment on Friday , but the party announced he would be in British Columbia on Monday , talking to students about Canada 's future .
A spokesman for Layton said some New Democrats are keen to get back to work .
Winnipeg Centre MP
Pat Martin is one of them .
" I will be on the Hill on the 25th just like we should be .
I will be at my desk doing my job , " he said .
The New Democrats plan a caucus retreat in Wakefield , Que. Jan. 18 to 20 , at which members will decide whether to return on Jan. 25 .
Harper , for his part , responded to questions about the anti-prorogue protest on Friday by insisting his government was back at work .
" The government is going to take advantage of this time .
We need this time to look carefully at our agenda , to continue to deliver the economic measures that are being delivered here and elsewhere across the country as part of the economic action plan , " Harper said .
Though the parliamentary closing means no committees can study any issues , Harper said he is open to input from other parties on setting the economic course ahead .
He also mocked the opposition for their belated response to the announcement of the prorogation – which came a little more than a week ago , during the break between Christmas and New Year's .
" A week after we set the date for Parliament to return , the opposition says they 're going to be really mad about this – when they return from vacation on Jan. 25 , " Harper said .
Ignatieff said Liberals will discuss " governance " during hearings and forums they 're holding at the end of January and in early February .
In particular , Liberals will try to highlight what they say is a pattern of institutional shutdowns by Harper .
" Mr. Harper shuts down every independent regulator or every independent body who stands up to the power of the Prime Minister .
Shutting down Parliament is part of that pattern , " Ignatieff said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Every time this guy is in a hole , he tries to shut down institutions that control his power .
That 's what 's bothering Canadians and that 's what we 're listening to . "
With files from Richard J. Brennan
Read more about :
As memorable as a great UFC knockout can be , an intense pre-fight staredown can be epic .
MMA fighters like Wanderlei Silva , Rampage Jackson , Diego Sanchez , and Clay Guida have perfected the art of the pre-fight MMA staredown .
Check out this great video and picture collection of some of the greatest MMA staredowns of all time .
The footage comes from Pride Fighting Championship and the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
In taking a quick look at the video it is evident who the King of the MMA Staredown is .
Wanderlei Silva takes that title as he became one of the true pioneers of the MMA pre-fight staredown .
While he did n’t bring his winning percentage with him into the UFC , Wanderlei ’s staredowns are still a legendary part of his game .
Diego Sanchez is catching up with him , but until he can backup the staredown like Wanderlei did back in his prime , Sanchez will be seen as an imitator and not a duplicator .
Rampage Jackson is another MMA fighter who owns the staredown .
Jackson ’s staredowns with Wanderlei both in the weigh - in and pre-fight rules before their UFC match is arguably one of the greatest in UFC history .
I ca n’t even imagine how epic the staredown will be once Rampage and Rashad Evans finally get a chance to fight in the UFC .
Big props to SurferKen for putting the collection together .
Pre-order the UFC Undisputed 2010 video game for all consoles .
New Items Marked Down !
Shop the UFC Sale at the UFC Store .
Order a Silver Star Rashad Evans Men ’s
Tee by clicking here .
Order the UFC : Ultimate 100 Greatest Fights DVD set by clicking here .
( Visited 41 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
The inner regions of young planet - forming disks offer information about how worlds like Earth form , but not a single telescope in the world can see them .
Yet , for the first time , astronomers using the W. M. Keck Observatory in Hawaii have measured the properties of a young solar system at distances closer to the star than Venus is from our sun .
" When it comes to building rocky planets like our own , the innermost part of the disk is where the action is , " said team member William Danchi at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. Planets forming in a star 's inner disk may orbit within its " habitable zone , " where conditions could potentially support the development of life .
To achieve the feat , the team used the Keck Interferometer to combine infrared light gathered by both of the observatory 's twin 10 - meter telescopes , which are separated by 85 meters .
The double - barreled approach gives astronomers the effective resolution of a single 85 - meter telescope -- several times larger than any now planned .
" Nothing else in the world provides us with the types of measurements the Keck Interferometer does , " said Wesley Traub at Caltech 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" In effect , it 's a zoom lens for the Keck telescopes . "
In August 2008 , the team -- led by Sam Ragland of Keck Observatory and including astronomers from the California Institute of Technology and the National Optical Astronomical Observatory -- observed a Young Stellar Object ( YSO ) known as MWC 419 .
The blue , B - type star has several times the sun 's mass and lies about 2,100 light - years away in the constellation Cassiopeia .
With an age less than ten million years , MWC 419 ranks as a stellar kindergartener .
The team also employed a new near - infrared camera designed to image wavelengths in the so - called L band from 3.5 to 4.1 micrometers .
" This unique infrared capability adds a new dimension to the Keck Interferometer in probing the density and temperature of planet - forming regions around YSO disks .
This wavelength region is relatively unexplored , " Ragland explained .
" Basically , anything we see through this camera is brand new information . "
The increased ability to observe fine detail , coupled with the new camera , let the team measure temperatures in the planet - forming disk to within about 50 million miles of the star .
" That 's about half of Earth 's distance from the sun , and well within the orbit of Venus , " Danchi said .
For comparison , the planets directly detected around the stars HR 8799 , Fomalhaut and GJ 758 orbit between 40 and 100 times farther away .
The team reported temperature measurements of dust at various regions throughout MWC 419's inner disk in the Sept. 20 issue of The Astrophysical Journal .
Temperature differences help shed light on the inner disk 's detailed structure and may indicate that its dust has different chemical compositions and physical properties , factors that may play a role in the types of planets that form .
For example , conditions in our solar system favored the formation of rocky worlds from Mars sunward , whereas gas giants and icy moons assembled farther out .
In turn , the astronomers note , the size of the young star might affect the composition and physical characteristics of its dust disk .
The team is continuing to use the Keck Interferometer in a larger program to observe planet - forming disks around sun-like stars .
The Keck Interferometer was developed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the W.M. Keck Observatory .
It is managed by the W.M. Keck Observatory , which operates two 10 - meter optical / infrared telescopes on the summit of Mauna Kea on the island of Hawaii and is a scientific partnership of the California Institute of Technology , the University of California and NASA .
NASA 's Exoplanet Science Institute manages time allocation on the telescope for NASA .
Published by Sierra Monica P. on January 18 , 2010 under Ladies Accessories
I did n’t know Nina Ricci is also a watch brand , but from the moment I saw this cool watch I ’m sure I ’ll remember to look for Nina Ricci models in watch stores I enter occasionally .
Nina Ricci has the N029 series of elegant ladies watches with stainless steel case , mineral glass with sapphire coating , rubber strap , Ronda 751 movement and water resistance at 100ft .
The watches measure 17 x 37 mm and are available in black , white , lilac , fuchsia and now red .
The red version is the coolest , in my opinion , and was released with the occasion of Valentine ’s Day 2010 , so if you are a guy looking for an eye - catching high - quality gift for a girt , this watch is definitely one of the best options .
( Seen on Luxist )
A team of University of Oregon researchers have isolated an independent processing channel of synapses inside the brain 's auditory cortex that deals specifically with shutting off sound processing at appropriate times .
Such regulation is vital for hearing and for understanding speech .
The discovery , detailed in the Feb. 11 issue of the journal Neuron , goes against a long - held assumption that the signaling of a sound 's appearance and its subsequent disappearance are both handled by the same pathway .
The new finding , which supports an emerging theory that a separate set of synapses is responsible , could lead to new , distinctly targeted therapies such as improved hearing devices , said Michael Wehr , a professor of psychology and member of the UO Institute of Neuroscience .
" It looks like there is a whole separate channel that goes all the way from the ear up to the brain that is specialized to process sound offsets , " Wehr said .
The two channels finally come together in a brain region called the auditory cortex , situated in the temporal lobe .
To do the research , Wehr and two UO undergraduate students -- lead author Ben Scholl , now a graduate student at the Oregon Health and Science University in Portland , and Xiang Gao -- monitored the activity of neurons and their connecting synapses as rats were exposed to millisecond bursts of tones , looking at the responses to both the start and end of a sound .
They tested varying lengths and frequencies of sounds in a series of experiments .
It became clear , the researchers found , that one set of synapses responded " very strongly at the onset of sounds , " but a different set of synapses responded to the sudden disappearance of sounds .
There was no overlap of the two responding sets , the researchers noted .
The end of one sound did not affect the response to a new sound , thus reinforcing the idea of separate processing channels .
The UO team also noted that responses to the end of a sound involved different frequency tuning , duration and amplitude than those involved in processing the start of a sound , findings that agree with a trend cited in at least three other studies in the last decade .
" Being able to perceive when sound stops is very important for speech processing , " Wehr said .
" One of the really hard problems in speech is finding the boundaries between the different parts of words .
It is really not well understood how the brain does that . "
As an example , he noted the difficulty some people have when they are at a noisy cocktail party and are trying to follow one conversation amid competing background noises .
" We think that we 've discovered brain mechanisms that are important in finding the necessary boundaries between words that help to allow for successful speech recognition and hearing , " he said .
The research -- funded in part by the UO 's Robert and Beverly Lewis Center for Neuroimaging Fund -- aims to provide a general understanding of how areas of the brain function .
The new findings ,
Wehr said , could also prove useful in working with children who have deficits in speech and learning , as well as in the design of hearing aids and cochlear implants .
He also noted that people with dyslexia have problems defining the boundaries of sounds in speech , and tapping these processing areas in therapy could boost reading skills .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : Dungeons of Wor - a largish FRP example and a fun game , all in one !
Hello all , I just uploaded the first public version of Dungeons of Wor [ 1 ] , a homage to the renowned three - decade - old arcade game , Wizard of Wor .
While it makes a fine time killer if you have a few minutes to spare , it might be of special interest to the lost souls who are trying to figure out FRP .
The game was programmed using the Simple version of the experimental branch of Elerea [ 2 ] , which provides first - class discrete streams to describe time - varying quantities , and the main game logic is described as a composition of streams instead of a world state transformer .
Developing in this manner was an interesting experience , and I 'll write about it in more detail over the weekend .
All the best , Gergely [ 1 ]
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/dow [ 2 ]
http://hackage.haskell.org/packages/archive/elerea/1.2.3/doc/html/FRP-Elerea-Experimental-Simple.html -- http://www.fastmail.fm -
The professional email service
Nothing to Envy
Ordinary Lives in North Korea
Barbara Demick
Spiegel & Grau : 320 pp. , $ 26
Advertisement
In her early 20s , Mi-ran became a schoolteacher in a North Korean village not far from where her parents lived .
She was lucky :
Her father , a southerner taken prisoner by the north during the Korean War and not allowed to repatriate , was politically suspect , which meant that Mi-ran ’s family occupied a low rung in the politically defined caste system imposed by Kim Il - sung ( postwar head of state and father of Kim Jong - il , North Korea ’s current leader ) .
That could well have barred Mi-ran ’s entry to teacher ’s college , for the family was considered beulsun , to have “ tainted blood , ” a stigma that carries across generations and did thwart her siblings ’ entry to schools .
The unlucky -- the ghastly -- part of Mi-ran ’s experience was that when she encountered the 5 - and 6 - year - olds who were to be her classroom charges , she noted that they “ looked no bigger to her than three - and four - year - olds ” and might have been present only to eat the school ’s free lunch , a soup constituted from leaves and salt .
Over time , attendance thinned ominously , from 50 children to 15 .
As Barbara Demick writes in “ Nothing to Envy , ” a piercing account of the lives of a handful of North Korean refugees , Mi-ran “ described watching her five - and six - year - old pupils die of starvation .
As her students were dying , she was supposed to teach them that they were blessed to be North Korean . ”
The Beijing bureau chief of the Los Angeles Times , Demick takes her title from a song of national pride that teachers commonly had their classes sing , which claimed , “ We have nothing to envy in the world . ”
Demick has woven together life stories of half a dozen defectors that credibly suggest a human rights tragedy of enormous proportion is taking place relatively out of Western public view , while the news headlines ( for good reason ) focus on North Korea ’s nuclear ambitions .
The country ’s 23 million inhabitants contend not only with extreme privation in a land of rusted train tracks , exceedingly sporadic electricity and chronic , life - threatening food shortages , but also do so under an information blackout in a police state apt to whisk inhabitants off to labor camps or worse at the slightest provocation .
Advertisement
A recent report in the Washington Post noted that the military has recently “ grabbed nearly complete command of the nation ’s state - run economy , ” taking over sale of raw materials to China to replace hard cash lost under U.N. sanctions imposed to block its sale of missiles .
Defectors who claim firsthand knowledge report that Kim Jong - il skims from the profits to fund himself , his nuclear program and to ensure the loyalty of elites , and that “ the military is also sending trucks to state farms to haul away as much as a quarter of the annual harvest for its soldiers , ” as well as posting guards there .
Those recent state actions were almost predictable , judging from “ Nothing to Envy , ” in which Demick follows her subjects on a trajectory of self - chosen exile that , roughly , extends from the mid-1990s in North Korea to the mid-2000s as expatriates .
Demick characterizes her book as “ primarily an oral history , ” but it contains strong cultural portraiture as well , including an excellent evocation of the largely idled industrial city of Chongjin , a northern port and the country ’s third - largest metropolis , from which some of her refugees hailed or had connections .
( Demick ’s book originated from reporting she did for the Times as a correspondent based in Seoul . )
In its way , and graphically , this book demonstrates that global issues of nuclear proliferation , free expression and human rights are inextricably intertwined in North Korea , with its cult - of - personality rule and its gulags ( Amnesty International estimates some 200,000 people sit in various detention facilities there ) .
A doctor named Kim Ji-eun , another of Demick ’s primary sources , dealt with famine victims firsthand and provided testimony eerily paralleling Mi-ran ’s :
As a 28 - year - old pediatrician at a small district hospital , Kim noticed severe wasting ( in which the body eats its own muscle tissue ) among many of the children .
“ They would look at me with accusing eyes .
Even four - year - olds knew they were dying and that I was n’t doing anything to help them , ” Kim told Demick .
“ All I was capable of doing was to cry with their mothers over the bodies afterward . ”
Her hospital became so strapped that it remained unheated , bandages were fashioned from cut - up bedding , and beer bottles substituted for IV pouches .
Advertisement
Some of Demick ’s people were longtime supporters of the North Korean regime until disenchantment and anger took hold .
Dr. Kim found out accidentally that , despite her years - long volunteer service to the regime ’s Worker ’s Party , she was on a surveillance watch list , for example ; and even a professional like her was forced to scavenge in the countryside for edible weeds to eat .
Others became skeptical at an early age .
Jun-sang , a relatively privileged youth whose Korean parents had been born in Japan , managed to get into a university in Pyongyang , the capital .
His rare access to books of foreign origin ( “ Gone With the Wind , ” “ One Hundred Years of Solitude ” ) , plus curiosity enough to rig a television to receive signals other than the preset government station ’s , quickly created doubt in him about the worldview put forth by the state - controlled media .
Entering China on foot by wading across the Tumen River is a common path for many who seek escape from North Korea , with a small percentage eventually defecting to South Korea .
Missionary efforts and bride - for - order schemes play a part in this process too , and defections have soared since 2001 .
Yet , as Demick chronicles and as an authoritative 2006 study she cites also points out , China “ selectively cooperates with North Korean persecution of its refugees , ” allowing North Korean security forces to cross the border while refusing area access to the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees .
Many , if not most , defectors would wish to return if there were a regime change , Demick concludes , given adjustment difficulties and the provisional feel that their lives sometimes take on .
As for Mi-ran , which incidentally is a pseudonym intended to protect relatives left behind , she lives in South Korea , but the fate of two sisters remains unknown .
After her defection , they were taken away in the night .
Winslow is a former literary and executive editor of the Nation .
Yesterday 's announcement that Google would stop censoring its search results in China , and that the company had been the victim of sophisticated Chinese cyberattacks , was a Big Deal ; Secretary of State Hilary Clinton even felt the need to weigh in on it with an official statement .
And she was n't the only one with an opinion , insight , or suggestion to share .
Clinton weighs in .
Her brief statement , in full , reads : " We have been briefed by Google on these allegations , which raise very serious concerns and questions .
We look to the Chinese government for an explanation .
The ability to operate with confidence in cyberspace is critical in a modern society and economy .
I will be giving an address next week on the centrality of Internet freedom in the 21st century , and we will have further comment on this matter as the facts become clear . "
Do n't worry about your data , enterprise users !
After the main Google announcement , Google Enterprise president Dave Girouard took to his own blog to reassure corporate and educational users of Google Apps that their hosted data was safe .
" This incident was particularly notable for its high degree of sophistication , " he wrote , then added , " This attack may understandably raise some questions . "
Girouad stresses that the attack was " not an assault on cloud computing " and " we believe our customer cloud - based data remains secure . "
It is unusual for corporations to disclose such attacks precisely because of the uncertainty they might fuel among customers , but Google says it is opening up " because we are committed to transparency , accountability , and maintaining your trust . "
Seriously , stop clicking on those e-mail links .
According to security reports , a favorite technique of Chinese hackers relies on social engineering .
Hackers might map out the relationships at a company or research lab , then spoof an e-mail to a worker that appears to come from his boss .
Clicking the link could lead to a webpage with malicious software or a phishing attack .
Other attacks might spoof a company - wide e-mail to everyone , hoping that at least a few non-savvy users will click the links and provide entry points into the network .
A Northrop Grumman report notes that this happened at a US research lab in recent years .
Of the 1,100 people at the lab , only a handful were compromised by interacting with the e-mail , but that handful was enough to breach security .
Google notes that something similar happened to it , though details are few .
" The route the attackers used was malicious software used to infect personal computers , " said the company .
" Any computer connected to the Internet can fall victim to such attacks . "
EFF calls for other firms to follow Google 's lead .
" Our hope is that other tech companies will follow Google 's lead .
Too many of them have been willing to comply with Chinese demands that they check their values at the border . "
Not business as usual .
William Moss , a public relations advisor who works ( and blogs ) from China , says that Google " has taken the China corporate communications playbook , wrapped it in oily rags , doused it in gasoline and dropped a lit match on it .
In China , foreign companies tend to be deferential to the authorities to the point of obsequiousness , in a way that you would almost certainly never encounter in the United States or Europe .
Scan any foreign company 's China press releases and count the number of times you see the phrase , ' commitment to China . '
Demonstrating ' alignment with the Chinese government 's agenda ' is an accepted tenet of corporate positioning and corporate social responsibility work in China . "
Still , neither he nor anyone else seem to think the Chinese government is likely to cave on the censorship issue , especially when called out by Google in such a public and direct way .
The cynics scoff .
A representative blog post questioning Google 's real motives : " Cynic and all - around horrible person that I am , I wonder if Google would be doing this if they had n’t screwed the pooch on the China market several years ago and were still doing a fairly sh— job trying to catch up to Baidu .
But that ’s just me , I can always find some a — — — point of view for any story . "
Did Google simply decide to cut off its small operations in China in return for currying favor just about everywhere else ?
Can complicated real - world decisions have multiple motivations behind them ?
Welcome to Google PR !
Marc Ambinder of The Atlantic points out that yesterday was the first day on the job for Jill Hazelbaker , John McCain 's campaign communications director and new head of Google 's public relations operation .
" Suffice it to say that Hazelbaker is used to being thrust into chaotic situations , " Ambinder remarks .
China enters its Bush - Cheney era .
Also at The Atlantic , esteemed journalist James Fallows has just returned from several years of living in China , and he offers his usual platter of interesting observations .
Chief among them : " In a strange and striking way there is an inversion of recent Chinese and US roles .
In the switch from George W. Bush to Barack Obama , the US went from a president much of the world saw as deliberately antagonizing them to a president whose Nobel Prize reflected ( perhaps desperate ) gratitude at his efforts at conciliation .
China , by contrast , seems to be entering its Bush - Cheney era .
For Chinese readers , let me emphasize again my argument that China is not a ' threat ' and that its development is good news for mankind .
But its government is on a path at the moment that courts resistance around the world .
To me , that is what Google 's decision signifies . "
Censorship and free trade agreements .
The CCIA , a DC lobbying group for the tech sector that counts companies like Microsoft and Google as members , blasted China 's censorship policies for violating trade agreements .
" It is increasingly apparent that censorship is a barrier to trade , and that China cannot limit the free flow of information and still comply with its international trade obligations , " said CEO Ed Black .
" The Chinese government has said it is gathering more information before deciding how to proceed and we would urge that they look at the issue holistically with government , economic and trade officials involved in the decision . "
Google 's Chinese HQ gets roses .
At least some in China support Google 's stance ; flowers have already started to appear spontaneously at the company 's China headquarters .
$ 600 million at stake ?
It 's not clear how much revenue Google might leave on the table if it withdraws from China , but one analyst guestimates its yearly take at $ 600 million .
The official Chinese view .
Xinhua , the country 's official news outlet , is running a piece on its English - language site that comes at the issue from the perspective of the Chinese government .
Xinhua got in touch with the head of China Internet Illegal Information Reporting Center , Xi Wei , who said only , " I am sorry I can't say anything .
I am not clear about many problems in the case . "
Guo Ke , a communications prof at Shanghai International Studies University , argued that Google can't leave the country because it " will suffer a huge economic loss from leaving the Chinese market . "
While the government is unlikely to yield , it could be " more moderate and smarter " about the way it handles Internet regulation , he said .
Everyone 's getting hacked .
The big search engine news in China over the last few days has n't been Google , but number one search engine Baidu .
Baidu was just hacked by a group calling itself the Iranian Cyber Army .
Why only subject lines ?
If the attackers could get access to subject lines , why could n't they access entire e-mails ?
Apparently because the hackers infiltrated automated systems set up to provide such information to law enforcement in the US and elsewhere .
( Getting access to the contents of e-mail messages is harder under US law than getting access to addresses , subject lines , etc , which are considered to be on the " outside of the envelope " and subject to pen register searches ) .
According to a Macworld source , " Right before Christmas , it was , ' Holy s — , this malware is accessing the internal intercept [ systems ] . ' "
Later , Google cofounder Larry Page supervised a Christmas Eve meeting on the security breach .
Fun fact : Google 's security team managed to penetrate one of the servers being used by the attackers , which was how the full extent of the attack — more than 30 companies — was revealed .
Breaches by design .
Former
Ars writer Julian Sanchez , now covering security at the Cato Institute , sees a problem with these automated law enforcement tracking systems in place at most major ISPs and Web companies .
" As an eminent group of security experts argued in 2008 , the trend toward building surveillance capability into telecommunications architecture amounts to a breach - by - design , and a serious security risk .
As the volume of requests from law enforcement at all levels grows , the compliance burdens on telcoms grow also — making it increasingly tempting to create automated portals to permit access to user information with minimal human intervention .
" The problem of volume is front and center in a leaked recording released last month , in which Sprint ’s head of legal compliance revealed that their automated system had processed 8 million requests for GPS location data in the span of a year , noting that it would have been impossible to manually serve that level of law enforcement traffic .
Less remarked on , though , was Taylor ’s speculation that someone who downloaded a phony warrant form and submitted it to a random telecom would have a good chance of getting a response — and one assumes he ’d know if anyone would . "
A 58 - year - old businessman and founder of an Adams County software company was arrested Friday on murder charges in a bizarre office shooting at the end of the year that left him injured and another man dead .
Adams County District Attorney Don Quick filed charges against William Rex Fowler in the shooting death of 42 - year - old Thomas Ciancio , his former business partner at Fowler Software Design .
Investigators say Fowler shot Ciancio three times in the head with a 9 mm Glock handgun when Ciancio came to Fowler Software Design to collect $ 9,900 in severance pay .
Police had originally thought Ciancio was the gunman but later described him as a victim .
Ciancio , who was Fowler Software ’s chief operating officer , resigned Nov. 23 in a dispute over the way the company was being managed .
On Dec. 29 , Ciancio agreed to a settlement and to sign a waiver of release in exchange for the payment , company chief executive Laura Zaspel told investigators , according to a court document supporting the filing of charges .
Employees of the software company told investigators Ciancio had blamed Fowler for the company ’s recent financial difficulties .
The employees said Fowler had taken about $ 200,000 of the company ’s money without asking and gave it to a church or charity , according to the arrest affidavit .
Ciancio had “ become very frustrated with William Fowler , ” according to the arrest affidavit .
Ciancio arrived at 10 a.m. Dec. 30 to collect his check .
He chatted with employees , asked about their holidays and was preparing to attend his son ’s birthday party later that day .
Ciancio asked to speak to Ubaldo Ciminieri , the company ’s vice president of sales and marketing , but he had stepped away from his desk .
Ciancio then went to Fowler ’s office .
Two minutes later , according to the affidavit , employees heard gunshots .
Police were called by another tenant in the Elati Building , near West 84th Avenue and Elati Street in unincorporated Adams County .
When deputies arrived , they saw Fowler making his way through the front door , bleeding from the head .
Investigators said he took one step past the threshold , then went back in .
Police rushed into the building , escorted Fowler back out and called for an ambulance .
When Fowler tried to speak to deputies , blood poured from his mouth .
They asked if Ciancio was still in the building , and he shook his head up and down to say “ yes . ”
They asked if Ciancio shot him and Fowler did not respond , investigators said .
Fowler was taken to Denver Health Medical Center , where he underwent surgery for a wound from the bottom of his chin through the top of his head .
During the surgery , police said , Fowler ’s hands were bagged to protect evidence of gunshot residue , which was later collected by investigators .
Inside Fowler ’s office , police found Ciancio ’s body .
They said he appeared to have been sitting at a table when he was shot .
They also found what they believe is the murder weapon and four 9 mm Luger shell casings .
They found a handgun magazine on the table and another in a closet in the office .
Investigators say the gun was registered to Alexander Hyung Fowler , 26 , who lived at 1413 L. Ron Hubbard Way in Los Angeles when it was purchased .
In interviews with police , Alexander Fowler said he gave the gun to his father for Christmas in 2007 .
Police also found a briefcase and a typed note , dated Dec. 30 and signed by Fowler .
The note said nothing confidential was in the satchel and that it should be given to his wife , Janet .
When Janet Fowler was interviewed by detectives , she demanded the briefcase .
“ It is important to me and my church .
It is religious material and I want it now , ” she said to investigators .
“ Even if you looked at it , and read it , you would not understand anything in it .
Because it is way above a normal person and you would not know what it meant .
I want it back right now . ”
Janet Fowler also reportedly told investigators that her husband “ is a Scientologist and would not have gone without a fight .
He would have grabbed a gun in a struggle and would not have let someone shoot him . ”
She also told investigators that Ciancio had sent e-mails to Rex Fowler , threatening to hire an attorney and sue over money he said was owed him .
Adams County officials said Fowler is in custody but would not say where he is being held .
He was last known to be at Denver Health Medical Center , but his name no longer appears on patient rosters .
No court date has been set for Fowler .
Ciancio ’s family members said they did not want to comment on the case .
Calls to Fowler ’s Broomfield home and to the Church of Scientology were not returned Friday .
Several websites that scrutinize Scientology have been following this case , with links to records that allegedly reveal Fowler was a senior Scientologist .
The sites claim that Fowler Software was a member of the World Institute of Scientology Enterprises .
According to the arrest affidavit , Ciancio ’s brother gave investigators four binders of Scientology materials that Fowler had given to Ciancio , asking him to study the religion .
Ciancio was raised a Roman Catholic , his family said , and had attended New Hope Presbyterian Church in Castle Rock .
Jeremy P. Meyer : 303-954-1367 or jpmeyer@denverpost.com
This article has been corrected in this online archive .
Originally , due to an editing error , the son of Rex Fowler was misidentified .
He is Alexander Hyung Fowler .
20 . Australia Post removes Lolita and other Penguin Classics from their shelves .
PostShop outlets pull Popular Penguin titles such as Lolita , The History of Sexuality and The Delta of Venus from their shelves after customer complaints .
Why ?
A spokesperson said the titles were inappropriate for a mainstream shop like Australia Post .
I guess libraries and Dymocks are n’t mainstream .
19 . Australia
Post refuses to mail postcards with girly bits .
Mail - sorting staff would not process postcards featuring lifelike female genital images to promote artist Greg Taylor ’s exhibition Cunts and other Conversations — part of the Adelaide Fringe Festival .
Police , Adelaide City Council and festival organisers later received complaints about Taylor ’s promotional material which found itself plastered around town .
Gabrielle Walsh from the Australian Family Association said Taylor ‘ should n’t be allowed to force these images and words upon us in public for all to view , including children ‘ and police investigated .
Whether it was the images or the use of the word ‘ cunt ’ that got them so fired up is anyone ’s guess .
18 . Brisbane billboard brings in more than just business .
The owner of Brisbane gentleman ’s club BConfidential received a death threat and furious complaints after a billboard was erected advertising the club .
The sign read : ‘ Tell your wife you ’ll be late ’ .
According to the news reports one woman phoned in and said the owner should be put in a house with no doors and no windows and burnt to death , while a mother emailed the club ’s manager stating “ That I will not rest until this hideous message to decent society is removed by the powers that be .
Hopefully your business and the sleazebag that created this campaign will not ever be able to publicly advertise your services again “ .
The Advertising Standard Bureau dismissed all complaints ( less than 20 ) and as a result the owners of BConfidential erected the same billboard on one of Brisbane ’s busiest roads .
17 . Nando ’s ad too spicy
The Advertising Standards Bureau upheld community complaints against a tame Nando ’s TV ad which featured a woman who ca n’t find her chips because her breasts are blocking her view .
Watch it here .
16 . ‘ They Shake Me ’ baby t- shirts rock the cradle
The Cotton On Kids clothing line was hammered for selling baby clothes with slogans such as ‘ They Shake Me ’ .
Australian blogger Mia Freedman ( Mamamia ) was fuming :
IS THAT FUNNY , COTTON ON ?
IS IT ?
IS IT FUNNY TO JOKE ABOUT BABIES BEING ABUSED ???? […]
Internet , I am outraged , disgusted and distressed .
I am a customer of Cotton On Kids .
A long - time , loyal customer who buys a STACK of clothes there for my kids and who willingly endorses their products FOR FREE whenever I am interviewed by the media and asked where I buy my kids clothes .
Cotton
On apologised and stopped selling the line of clothing .
15 . No Red Bull thanks , we ’re from New South Wales .
In response to reports about five year 7 students who suffered side effects including dizziness and nausea after consuming high energy drinks on their way to school , NSW Primary Industries Minister took it upon himself to find a way for the government to take energy drinks with high levels of caffeine off the shelves .
( Update 04/01/10 : As of October 2009 NSW removed five high caffeine drinks from sale )
14 . Queensland Government bans skateboarding at night .
Anna Bligh is no stranger to this blog and her team made an appearance or two again this year ( possibly for the most absurd reason yet ) .
The QLD Government banned skateboarding , scooter riding and rollerblading at night to protect … well no one is sure who , it just had to be done .
Transport Minister Rachel Nolan said she was n’t anti-fun and ‘ this is just as much about common courtesy as it is about common sense . ’
She was unable to provide evidence it was needed and offenders are now slapped with a $ 40 fine .
13 . Liberal MP wants ancient drinking board game banned .
Liberal MP
Steve Irons demanded a board game that he said encouraged alcohol abuse be banned from sale in Australia .
The game in question , Pass - out , has players travel around the game board taking drinks and reciting tongue twisters and has been around in board game form since at least 1962 .
According to Refused - Classification.com , the game was called in by the Director of the Classification Board and was rated Category 1 on April 15th 2009 .
12 . Greater Union stops screening Aussie gang film in NSW .
Greater Union stopped showing The Combination ( MA15 + ) in their NSW cinemas after ‘ violence flared ’ among patrons in one screening at Parramatta .
Whether the violence was related to the film was n’t confirmed .
11 . North Korean artists refused Australian Visa .
The Australian Government refused to make a visa exemption for six artists from North Korea to visit Brisbane and speak about their art at the Queensland Art Gallery .
The Department of Foreign Affairs released a statement saying the studio where the artists work ‘ reportedly produces almost all of the official artworks in North Korea , including works that clearly constitute propaganda . ’
The art was still shown and the artists were allowed to speak in other countries where their work was exhibited .
10 . NSW Police go after Aussie Graffiti mags .
After Wentworthville Police submitted two graffiti magazines to the Australia Classification Board , one is refused classification and another rated M. Update :
The ACB ’s classification database originally stated the magazine Death From Above # 1 had been refused classification .
We have now been informed this magazine was not classified RC and the ACB ’s website has since been corrected .
9 . More and more adult DVD bans .
Girls Who Like Girls , Girls in Need and a bonus DVD attached to a Hustler magazine were just a small portion of the adult films banned in 2009 .
An adult film can be banned in Australia if it contains fetishes , even one as common as spanking .
8. Books with incest pulled from Queensland libraries , banned .
Author Charles Kevin ’s self - published books Sibling Love and Bet and Zak which feature ‘ graphic ’ descriptions of sexual relationships between mother and son and brother and sister were pulled from South East Queensland Library shelves after complaints .
Jan Richards from the Australian Library and Information Association said libraries believed that people should be able to read what they want to read with a degree of privacy .
‘ However the issue of children accessing inappropriate material is a very real one and we all have systems in place whereby we would stop a child from taking something that was inappropriate , but at the same time we think that there is a very important role for parents to play ’ she said .
Richards said it was unlikely that all of the libraries holding Mr Kevin ’s novels will pull them from the shelves , but both books were later banned by the Classification Board following an application from the Department of Justice and the Attorney General .
Books with graphic descriptions of murder remain on library shelves .
7. Freeview TV ad parody disappears from YouTube .
A parody of the Freeview TV commercial was yanked from YouTube but why ?
Freeview Marketing Manager Liz Howarth denied they had made a complaint but Google soon revealed they had received a DMCA takedown notice from lawyers acting on behalf of Freeview Australia Limited .
Watch it here .
6. Kevin Rudd ’s war on The Chaser .
ABC’s The Chaser War On Everything offended Kevin Rudd and half of Australia for airing a skit about terminally ill children .
Mr Rudd said
The Chaser team should hang their heads in shame and that it had gone too far .
The show was suspended , but calls for it to be axed were ignored and it soon returned .
5. Kyle and Jackie O .
The Kylie and Jackie O Show was suspended after airing a segment in which a 14 - year - old girl was strapped to a lie detector and questioned by her mother , Sandilands and Jackie O about her past experiences with sex and drugs —
A recipe for disaster with the child admitting she was raped at the age of 12 .
There was a national outcry and legitimate concerns about the treatment ( or exploitation ) of children for entertainment were raised .
However , many of the attacks focused more on silencing Sandilands and campaigning to remove him from the airwaves .
4. Abby Winters raided , cleared , charged .
The popular Australian - operated adult website Abby Winters was raided by police in June 2009 after The Herald Sun provided police with ‘ a dossier of information ’ about the allegedly illegal porn the site had ‘ churned out in Melbourne since about 2000 ′ .
The site ’s CEO Garion Hall issued Somebody Think Of The Children with a statement confirming no charges were laid .
Confiscated DVD titles were submitted to the classification board by Victoria Police for review and all were classified X18 + .
None were Refused Classification .
However , in December 2009
Hall was charged with 54 counts of making objectionable films ( see What is an objectionable film in Victoria ) for gain and possessing a commercial quantity of objectionable films .
The Herald Sun also reports he has been charged with child pornography offences after police ‘ seized footage of allegedly illegal sex acts ’ .
Hall commented on the Abby Winters forum that as the matter is before the courts he is unable to comment other than it ’s business as usual .
3. Censors Vs MUFF .
The Australia Classification Board refused to give the Melbourne Underground Film Festival an exemption to screen Jennifer Bell ’s short film Matinee .
MUFF organisers were outraged that Australia ’s censors had sought fit to ban ‘ Matinée ’ for the sole reason that it depicts actual sex despite being ‘ set within a relationship based on love and mutual desire ’ .
The film ’s director also wrote a letter to the ACB , stating :
‘ The sexual relationship portrayed by the characters Mariah and Daniel in Matinée is not only a consensual , emotional and nuanced relationship , but their sex plays an important role in the story of the film ’ .
The censors did n’t care .
2 . The year of banned games .
All of the following video games were refused classification , with Aliens vs. Predator lucky enough to be reclassified MA15 + after review .
Aliens vs. Predator
Crimecraft
Left 4 Dead 2
Necrovision
Risen
Sexy Poker
South Australian Attorney - General Michael Atkinston also called for Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 to be refused classification , but was unsuccessful .
1. Chris Illingworth charged for uploading video which is later rated just MA15 +.
After a lengthy campaign throughout 2008 and 2009 by Queensland Police to prosecute 61 year - old Sunshine Coast resident Chris Illingworth with child abuse offences for uploading a video to a website of man swinging a baby , the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions dropped all charges in September .
The saga began in 2008 when Illingworth ’s home was raided by police after he uploaded a video of what is believed to be a training film for a Russian circus family .
He was charged with accessing and uploading child - abuse material and faced a maximum of 20 years jail .
The Australian Classification Board later classified the video as MA15 + ( suitable for those over the age of fifteen and the same rating as the Jim Carrey comedy Me , Myself and Irene ) and the charges were dropped shortly after .
The decision highlighted that the Queensland Police ’s relentless pursuit of Illingworth was completely unwarranted .
Yesterday we were surprised to find out that the third DLC add - on for Borderlands , The Secret Armory of General Knoxx , was only one day away from launch ( for Xbox 360 owners , at least ) .
Usually Gearbox announces its release dates weeks in advance to whip Borderlands fans up into a frenzy for new content .
Sometimes a surprise launch can be construed as a sign of weakness , that the developers have a reason to get it out onto the market before anyone has a chance to criticize it .
That 's not the case with General Knoxx .
Boasting an area twice the size of The Zombie Island of Dr. Ned , an increased level cap , new vehicles , dozens of new enemy types , and a new class of weapons , The Secret Armory of General Knoxx is the biggest Borderlands DLC yet .
And once I began playing it , I quickly found out it ’s also the hardest .
General Knoxx is Gearbox ’s attempt to give fans everything they ’ve asked for , so it makes sense that it starts with a greater emphasis on story .
The new DLC starts where the main game ended .
After you opened the vault and destroyed the giant whatever - that - thing - was , Atlas ’ military branch , Crimson Lance , began taking over the planet .
To accomplish this , Crimson Lance put up barricades on all of the highways to prohibit travel .
This angered Moxxi , who returns from Underdome Riot as your ally and a source of missions .
The Atlas Corporation has also put a bounty on your head , as well as all of your teammates .
As if the inhabitants of Pandora needed any more of a reason to kill you , the new bounty also attracts squads of Lance Assassins , deadly female ninjas with glowing neon swords that fall from the sky inside giant rockets .
In other words , it ’s just another day on Pandora .
Why is Brick 's bounty so much higher ?
That 's ... size discrimination !
I encountered my first squad of Lance Assassins while helping Scooter track down the pieces for one of Knoxx ’s new vehicles , the Monster .
The Monster seats two players and has both a machine gun and a rocket launcher that shoots multiple heat - seeking missiles .
Before I managed to get the vehicle up and running though , I was blindsided by ninjas , who move faster than any other enemy type in the game .
I should preface the rest of my exploits with a few caveats .
Being a preview build , Gearbox gave me a character to play as – a level 50 Brick – whom I had no prior experience with .
I also had to rely on a handful of guns I had never tried before , instead of my personal weapons cache .
Worst of all , I was playing by myself – not exactly the optimal Borderlands experience .
These facts are not to excuse my suckitude , but rather to reinforce how important multiplayer has become in Borderlands .
Whereas at launch Borderlands ’ co-op was a fun and well implemented feature , at post 50 levels having a strong team and skills and weapons you 're comfortable with is a necessity .
Trying to play through General Knoxx alone was not only extremely difficult , but extremely frustrating .
But more on that later .
I managed to punch through the first group of ninjas without too many problems ( though each of the later groups I ran into sported a more - than - formidable boss ) .
After I finished the Monster , I headed down the highway .
You 'll spend a lot more time driving in General Knoxx than in the main game
The size of the environments in General Knoxx are impressive , though the parts I saw were mostly barren and looked the same as the desert areas from the main game .
Giant mines are embedded in the landscape , and there are a lot more enemy vehicles on the road , but otherwise there was n't much to look at .
After checking out a small shanty town full of the familiar bandits and psychos , I made my way up a dilapidated on - ramp to check out Moxxi ’s home .
As the video at the end of this article shows , just getting to the front door was a challenge in and of itself .
Moxxi is back , but does n't look too thrilled about it
Moxxi filled me in on the Atlas Corporation ’s plans from behind the counter of her…establishment , which was littered with dead bodies .
It turns out Atlas shutting down the highways has been bad for business , and Moxxi wants you to team up with a woman named Athena to take down Crimson Lance ’s new leader , General Knoxx .
Your reward for helping out , besides the warm fuzzy feeling that comes from doing the right thing , is the opportunity to plunder Knoxx ’s secret armory of all its weapons .
The delivery of the story has been marginally improved .
Characters are fully animated in cutscenes that now pop up from time to time to explain what ’s going on , and the story in general has a little more meat to it than a random female voice whispering motivational messages in your ear .
Heck , the fact that there ’s a story for me to recap at all is a step in the right direction , and although Borderlands is far from being the next BioShock , it ’s promising for the franchise ’s future .
I headed back onto the highway to track down the mysterious Athena , though my attempt to reach her ultimately ended in abject failure .
I ’m not even quite sure what happened , other than that it entailed two feverish hours of nonstop running , killing , and dying .
I faced more Lance Assassins , some ridiculously overpowered Badass Defenders , and the new Devastator ( pictured below ) .
The video sums up my return trip to Borderlands nicely , but here are a few additional things I learned about life beyond level 50 .
Do n't let his size fool you : the Devastator is a push over .
That 's a lie .
He 's not .
First of all , Gearbox was n’t lying about new enemy types .
In addition to the ninja assassins , there are flying Lance probes that patrol the highway , which pack strong shields and a friendly attitude as they burn you with lasers .
There are also Lance Rocketeers , who hover above you and shower you with rockets , and Lance Pyros , who ’s flamethrowers are deadly up close , but who have a tendency to explode if their tanks get shot too much ( also depicted in the video ) .
There are also skagg - riding midgets , and the aforementioned Devastator mechs , which move with short , swift steps that reminded me of the enforcement droids from Robocop 2 ( they also explode into fiery pieces when you finally kill them off ) .
The other thing I noticed is that the new level cap has pushed Borderlands ’ formula into the territory of ridiculousness .
I regularly picked up $ 10,000 + cash drops , and left enemy weapons on the floor that were worth hundreds of thousands of dollars because they simply were n’t powerful enough .
Going up against a level 52 enemy as a level 51 was a sizeable impairment – level 53 enemies were almost impossible .
A level 54 Badass Defender ultimately ended my late night session : each of his pistol shots did 900 + damage to me – about half my health bar .
Conversely , my sniper rifle was doing 1100 damage per shot , which was only around 5 % of his health bar .
Like Moxxi ’s Underdome , General Knoxx should only be attempted solo if you ’re a glutton for punishment .
But if you ’ve got three friends along with you , this new DLC pack should be a blast :
It ’s big , it ’s difficult , it ’s got a ton of new stuff , and it costs the same as previous DLC packs .
For Borderlands fans , that all adds up to a no - brainer .
[ View : http://gameinformer.com/games/borderlands/m/borderlands__media/224055.aspx:610:343]
But first , how did we get to this point ?
In an effort to spur development of a domestic renewable fuel industry and wean the U.S. off of foreign oil , the U.S. government introduced tax credits for ethanol usage with the Energy Tax Act of 1978 .
The tax credit was an exemption to the Federal Excise Tax on gasoline , and amounted to $ 0.40 for every gallon of ethanol blended into gasoline at the 10 % level ( increased to $ 0.60 per gallon in 1984 and gradually decreased to the current level of $ 0.45 per gallon ) .
Even if you are a staunch proponent of U.S. biofuel policy , it is hard to argue that the current subsidy on grain ethanol serves the purpose it was designed to serve .
Further , it does not help ethanol producers compete against oil companies .
Why ?
Because we now have mandates .
As I will explain here , this nullifies the purpose of the subsidy .
During the 1980s , the subsidies were increased , government - backed - loans were provided to ethanol producers for plant construction , and an import fee was implemented to help protect domestic ethanol producers from cheap imports .
Despite these measures , the ethanol industry struggled to make headway .
The majority of the ethanol plants that were built in the early 1980s were out of business by the mid-80s .
However , the plants that were able to stay in business increased production from under 200 million gallons per year in 1980 to 900 million gallons in 1990 .
Production slowly continued to grow , reaching 1.6 billion gallons by 2000 and 3.9 billion gallons by 2005 .
However , there were still two glaring problems at that point .
First , while production had grown substantially over the years , it still amounted to a tiny fraction of U.S. gasoline demand .
As ethanol production expanded by 3 billion gallons per year from 1990 to 2005 , U.S. gasoline demand grew by 30 billion gallons – to 140 billion gallons per year .
Petroleum imports grew by 5.7 million barrels per day ( 87 billion gallons per year ) .
Clearly , if the purpose of U.S. biofuel policy was to reduce dependence on petroleum imports , ethanol was at best having very little impact .
The second glaring problem was that ethanol could not compete head - to - head with gasoline on price .
The state of Nebraska has tracked gasoline and ethanol prices since 1982 , and despite all the financial incentives for ethanol , the average annual price of ethanol had exceeded the price of gasoline in every single year on record through 2005 .
( See Ethanol and Unleaded Gasoline Average Rack Prices ) .
Not only was ethanol more expensive on a per gallon basis , but since it contains only 2 / 3rds the energy content of gasoline , consumers would find themselves filling up more frequently when using ethanol blends .
The result was that the cost per mile for consumers on the ethanol component of their fuel was double or even triple the cost of the gasoline component .
However , with a 10 % blend , the impact of the higher cost was diluted such that it was likely not obvious to most consumers .
But for gasoline blenders , ethanol at equal to or higher than the cost per gallon of gasoline was not a price that would compel them to buy ethanol .
So the U.S. government decided to force the issue by mandating ethanol usage in the Energy Policy Act of 2005 .
The mandate started with 4 billion gallons of ethanol in 2006 – just about the amount that was being produced at that time - and initially increased each year to 7.5 billion gallons of ethanol by 2012 .
An ethanol gold rush ensued , capacity was overbuilt , and suddenly the industry found itself in deep financial trouble as ethanol supply exceeded the mandates .
Again , the government rode to the rescue by accelerating the mandates in the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 .
Instead of mandating 7.5 billion gallons of ethanol in the fuel supply by 2010 , the new mandate was for 12 billion gallons in 2010 and 15 billion gallons by 2015 .
But one thing Congress did not do was eliminate the ethanol subsidy .
This begs the question , “ If there is a mandate in place , what is the purpose of the subsidy ? ”
The original intent was of course to give a boost to ethanol producers who were trying to compete with gasoline , which was the entrenched contender .
However , producers no longer need that boost because gasoline blenders have to buy the ethanol whether they like it or not .
As many ethanol producers have argued – the gasoline blender and not the ethanol producer receives the subsidy anyway .
The gasoline blender – ExxonMobil for instance – buys ethanol for $ 1.70 per gallon ( currently ) , receives a tax credit worth $ 0.45 per gallon ( the credit was reduced to that level in 2009 ) , and then blends it into gasoline that is presently wholesaling at approximately $ 1.90 per gallon .
With the tax credit , the current price of ethanol on an energy equivalent basis to gasoline is just about equal to the $ 1.90 wholesale price of gasoline .
So the tax credit compensates the gasoline blender for blending in a higher cost feedstock .
But what if the tax credit were not there ?
Would ExxonMobil blend less ethanol ?
No , they are mandated to blend a certain amount , and if they fail to do so they are penalized .
So in the event that they did not get the tax credit , then the energy equivalent price they would pay for ethanol would be about $ 2.50 per gallon ( based on ethanol ’s current spot price ) .
At a 10 % blend , this would mean that at current prices the price charged for a gallon of ethanol - blended - gasoline would need to rise about six cents to keep the gasoline blender ’s costs equivalent to the cost they currently have with the tax credit in place .
The only difference would be that the cost would then be borne directly by drivers in proportion to the number of miles they drive .
In my view , the ethanol subsidy is now redundant with the mandates in place .
Removing the subsidy would shift the burden from all taxpayers – regardless of whether or how much they drive – proportionally to those who are using the fuel .
Further , elimination of the administration of the subsidy would net two additional benefits .
There would be some efficiency and cost savings as the government got out of the business of administering the program and processing payments for gasoline blenders for the ethanol they use .
And because of the slight rise in fuel prices ( which should be more than compensated for by the savings from eliminating the subsidy ) , a small amount of fuel conservation may result .
This would have the benefit of actually having some small impact on our petroleum imports .
Even if you are solidly in favor of U.S. biofuel policy , with a mandate in place none of the usual arguments apply .
The old argument that “ oil companies get subsidies , and therefore so should ethanol producers ” is irrelevant .
With the mandate , the ethanol company is n’t competing with the oil company , because the oil company has to buy the product .
The ethanol company is essentially competing against other ethanol companies for the blender ’s business .
So let ’s eliminate this redundant subsidy , put the burden of our biofuel policy where it belongs , and save a few tax dollars in the process .
First let ’s define an Infinity constant ( since Ruby does not come with one ) :
Inf = 1.0 / 0.0
Now let ’s see if we can create a Range Object with it :
( 1.. Inf )
Okay , no errors .
Now let ’s try to use it :
( 1.. Inf ) .include ? ( 10000000 ) # => true ( 1.. Inf ) .include ?( - 10 ) # = > false ( - Inf..0 ) .include ?( - 1000 ) # = > true ( - Inf.. Inf ) .include ?(-1000.456 ) #=> true
Now let ’s try using it as a ‘ lazy ’ list :
( 1..Inf).each.take(5 ) # = > [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] ( 1..Inf).each.take( 5 ) .select { |v| v.even ? } #= > [ 2 , 4 ] ( 100 .. Inf ) .step ( 100 ) .take (3 ) # = > [ 100 , 200 , 300 ]
One last thing :
( 1.. Inf ) . each { |v| puts v } output : 1 2 3 4 5 ...etc ( quite alot of numbers ... )
Applications
lazy evaluation ?
Some of the applications of Lazy Enumerators ( discussed here : http://www.michaelharrison.ws/weblog/?p=163) can be accomplished using Infinite Ranges instead .
In particular , the lazy_select , and lazy_map family of functions defined in that article will also work fine with Infinite Ranges :
module Enumerable def lazy_select Enumerator.new do | yielder| each do |obj| yielder . yield ( obj ) if yield ( obj ) end end end end # first 4 even numbers ( 1.. Inf ) .
lazy_select { |v| v.even ? }.take ( 4 ) output : [ 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 ]
Credits
This trick was discovered by Beoran in response to a question by FreakGuard in #ruby - lang on freenode .
lazy_select by gfarfl .
EDIT : Okay , this trick is n’t 100 % new , see here : http://weblog.jamisbuck.org/2007/2/7/infinity
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Opensource.com is a premier , daily publication focused on open source and Linux tutorials , stories , and resources .
We 're a diverse and inviting group , made up of staff editors , Correspondents , contributors , and readers .
We value differences in skills , talents , backgrounds , and experiences .
There are a few different ways to get involved as a reader or a writer .
History of Opensource.com
In 2010 , Red Hat CEO Jim Whitehurst announced the launch of Opensource.com in a post titled Welcome to the conversation on Opensource.com :
This site is one of the ways in which Red Hat gives something back to the open source community .
Our desire is to create a connection point for conversations about the broader impact that open source can have — and is having — even beyond the software world .
All ideas are welcome , and all participants are welcome .
This will not be a site for Red Hat , about Red Hat .
Instead , this will be a site for open source , about the future .
By 2013 , Opensource.com was publishing an average of 46 articles every month , and in March 2016 , Opensource.com surpassed 1 - million reads for the first time .
In 2020 , Opensource.com is read by 2 million people across the globe .
Media and press inquiries
Opensource.com does not sell advertising or publish sponsored content .
For other inquires , contact us .
Doug Fieger , leader of power pop band the Knack , who sang on the 1979 hit , has died .
He was 57 .
The band 's manager Jake Hooker said Fieger died at his home in Woodland Hills near Los Angeles on Sunday .
He had cancer .
Doug Fieger ... has died of cancer .
Fieger , from the Detroit area , formed the Knack in 1978 .
He co-wrote and sang lead vocals on , which held the No.1 spot for six weeks .
Fieger said the song was inspired by a former girlfriend .
The Knack 's albums include and .
In 2006 , Fieger underwent surgery to remove two tumours from his brain .
AP
It was the age of zeroes , the epoch of naughts , an era when we started with something and added just about nothing .
At least that ’s what stock market commentators have been gravely telling us for at least a year .
The 2000s , they argue , was a lost decade .
And at first glance , they appear to have gotten it exactly right .
If you invested $ 100,000 on Jan. 1 , 2000 , in the Vanguard index fund that tracks the Standard & Poor ’s 500 , you would have ended up with $ 89,072 by mid-December of 2009 .
Adjust that for inflation by putting it in January 2000 dollars and you ’re left with $ 69,114 .
But that is not how most real people invest .
They do n’t pour everything they have into just one type of asset and then add nothing to it for 10 years .
Instead , they buy stocks of all sorts , and bonds and perhaps other things , too .
And many millions of them dutifully add more money regularly , usually into a retirement account that they wo n’t touch for longer than a decade .
Is it really almost 2010 ?
The first decade of 2 k is nearly at an end , a decade that has been quite prosperous for the Linux operating system .
A decade that saw the world 's economy plummet , giving rise to the need for more and more free , open source software .
But what will the next decade bring for Linux and open source ?
And even more to the point , what will the next year bring for Linux and open source ?
In this piece I will do my best to try to predict what is in store for Linux and open source .
Of course , as with any prediction , nothing is for sure ; but hopefully these predictions will give you an idea where FOSS software is heading .
Linux takes over mobile market
This prediction is one of the more certain to come true .
With more and more powerful phone arriving on the market with the Android operating system and the netbook hardware gaining more power and more Linux - based options ( Moblin and Chrome OS for example ) , the mobile space seems ripe for a Linux takeover in 2010 .
Of course there have been many who would argue that netbook sales have declined , it has been predicted that netbook sales will top 50 million by 2012 .
But to this I would suggest that ( although I am not a huge fan ) cloud computing is going to even further enhance the Linux netbook sales .
Because the Linux operating system was made to be networked , it is a perfect candidate to serve as the operating system the cloud will reach out to .
And finally , although Windows 7 is proving itself to be an outstanding release , it is not the best fit for the netbook space .
The modularity and flexibility of Linux , on the other hand , is perfectly matched for the smaller , portable form factor .
More consumer - level support
I started seeing this growing in 2009 .
A lot of big vendors are now seeing the viability of Linux and open source .
From mobile phones , netbooks , laptops , and desktops - the makers of hardware are finally catching on .
2009 saw the rise of companies like System76 who sell Linux ( and only Linux ) machines .
This trend will continue and catch on with bigger and bigger vendors to the point where we should start seeing Linux machines sold in big box stores near the end of 2010 .
Firefox and Chrome become the dominant browsers
It 's already happening .
Firefox has slowly become one of the most popular of all the browsers .
And with good reason .
But Chrome has proven to be a different beast all together .
With no other browser able to match its speed , Chrome will make serious headway into the browser - space .
And Chrome should also benefit when the Chrome OS starts shipping on netbooks !
So , between these two browsers , the landscape will be completely changed and Internet Explorer will finally plummet from the top of the browser war .
Once that happens , the battle between Firefox and Chrome will seriously heat up .
GPL and LGPL will do battle
It has already begin .
When Miguel de Icaza stripped all GPL code from the Monodevelop tool , the FOSS community lashed out .
He did this with good reason - so that third - party add ons could be introduced to the tool without having to GPL the code of the add ons .
But to the open source community , it 's all or nothing .
This is going to start an ugly battle that will most likely end with a new variation of the current GPL v2 ( no one wants to deal with GPL v3 ) .
I predict more and more larger open source projects will be releasing under the LGPL , causing the GPL to be seriously rethought .
The Richard Stallmans of the FOSS community will most likely be dealing with high blood pressure this year .
GNOME 3 will ruffle feathers
Remember when KDE 4 was released ?
The Linux community was dramatically split into those that hated the new version and those who loved the new version .
GNOME 3 is going to have the same effect - but with a different conclusion .
When GNOME 3 is finally released ( even in beta ) , it will be far less buggy than was KDE 4's initial release .
GNOME 3 will be a bit of a paradigm shift for the Linux desktop , but that paradigm will at least work well .
The GNOME developers have always had the big picture and the users in mind when developing ( except for that Spatial behavior in Nautilus ) .
So , although the radically different GNOME 3 ( for information on GNOME 3 check out the 3.0 website . ) looks like it could be one of the most exciting releases to come from the GNOME developers , the user community is in an uproar .
This uproar is due , in part , to the KDE 4.0 fiasco .
Fear not , GNOME users , the GNOME developers have learned from what transpired with KDE 4.0 and will not release a GNOME 3 that is less than functional .
Open source video drivers equal proprietary drivers
We already saw this happening with the release of Ubuntu 9.10 and Intel on board graphics chips .
The open source drivers necessary for Intel graphics now match the proprietary solutions feature for feature .
The Linux 2.6.33 kernel will greatly boost support for ATI and NVidia graphics chipsets .
With the holy - trinity of graphics card support in place , Linux video issues will be a thing of the past .
The next step ?
Unsupported wireless drivers .
Final thoughts
I have been saying ( and hearing ) this for a long , long time ; but I do believe that 2010 will finally be the year Linux and open source receives the support and acceptance it deserves .
Not all of my predictions will come true , but many of them will .
Do you have a prediction for Linux and open source software ?
If so , share it with your fellow Ghacks readers .
Advertisement
As 2009 comes to a close , the Telegraph presents a compilation of this past year 's wackiest inventions .
As always , here at WonderHowTo , we are inspired and impressed by ingenuity .
The contraptions below range from utter silliness ( engagement ring bra ) to downright amazing ( see- through concrete ) .
Check it out .
" A Chinese man called Mr Bi has trained his cat to use his toilet .
He spent seven years inventing the gadgets that allow his pet to flush away her mess .
He now plans to sell his contraption to other cat owners . "
" Masunaga 's Wink Glasses are designed to avoid dry - eye when the user concentrates on video gaming or the web .
They have a sensor to detect how often the user blinks .
The lens fogs when the user keeps his or her eye open for five seconds without blinking . "
" A robo - toilet that senses your movements has been launched .
The AutoClose loo keeps track on you using an infra-red beam - and will raise and lower the seat accordingly .
The seat closes automatically after you 've stepped out of range . "
" A computer programmer who lost his ring finger in a motorcycle accident has had it replaced with a USB drive .
Jerry Jalava from Helsinki , Finland , has built the special prosthetic finger which he can peel back from the ' nail ' and plug into the USB slot on . "
" British firm Cremation Solutions have come up with personalised urns that look just like the dearly departed .
The firm uses facial reconstruction and 3D mapping software to recreate the face of your beloved . "
" A model demonstrates the ' Husband Hunting Bra ' in Tokyo .
Under the bra cups is a clock counting down to the date set by the wearer .
When an engagement ring is inserted , the countdown stops . "
" The Scarpar board uses two tank - like tracks to roar across tricky off - road surfaces which would prove impossible with wheels .
With a 8 hp motor operated by a hand controller , the board can hit speeds of up to 37 mph . "
" A Tomy employee poses with the Bowlingual Voice , a gadget that expresses dogs ' emotions , at the annual Tokyo Toy Show .
Tomy claim the gadget analyses a dog's voice through a wireless microphone attached to its collar and then displays its emotions . "
" Scientists in Hungary have invented see - through concrete .
Filled with optical fibres that run from one end of a poured piece of concrete to the other , these prefabricated blocks and panels effectively transmit light from one side to the other . "
" Kayla Kromer , a 26 - year - old first grade teacher from Austin , Texas , dressed as Princess Leia , lies in her Millennium Falcon bed . "
" Combining the idea of a shopping cart and a bicycle , Korean designer Jaebeom Jeong ( www.stonenwater.kr) has come up with Cartrider . "
" Kenji Kawakami's Hayfever Hat , which dispenses a continuous flow of toilet paper , and an alarm clock with the snooze button in the middle of a bed of sharp pins , designed to keep the user awake ... "
" Canadian inventor Michael Pettipas poses on the Bonneville salt flats in Utah with his Forumla One limo which seats six passengers , has an eight - litre engine and can reach speeds of up to 140 mph . "
Click through to the Telegraph for more of 2009's Weirdest Inventions .
GLENDALE , Ariz . -- Detroit Red Wings forward Todd Bertuzzi played in his 900th NHL game Saturday night .
But to him , the only longevity milestone worth celebrating is yet to come .
“ Obviously , 1,000 is the mark you really want to attain , ’’ Bertuzzi said before the game against the Phoenix Coyotes at Jobing.com Arena .
There is no reason to believe he wo n’t reach 1,000 , perhaps as soon as next season .
He could n’t have been as certain a couple of years ago , when a spate of injuries clouded his future .
He missed 67 games in 2006 - 07 following back surgery and has battled hip , leg and knee injuries the past couple of seasons .
“ After the handful of injuries , I did n’t know what was going to go on , ’’ Bertuzzi said .
“ It was kind of at the point where I ’d feel ( bad ) every day coming to the rink and trying to skate .
You ’re so stiff you ca n’t even move .
“ It ’s taken about three years to feel back to normal .
I have n’t had any problems and I feel like because of that I ’m skating better and got more energy and more pep and feel better again . ’’
Bertuzzi is one of only four Red Wings who have played every game ( along with Nicklas Lidstrom , Tomas Holmstrom and Brad Stuart ) .
After a slow start , Bertuzzi has been the team ’s most productive player the past three weeks , with eight goals and 11 points in his past 10 games , including three two - goal games .
“ It just comes down to health , ’’ Bertuzzi said .
“ I feel healthy and I feel good , and obviously it ’s pretty beneficial to play with a player like ( Pavel Datsyuk ) .
I think I can still play some pretty good hockey , if I can stay healthy .
I still love playing , which is a big difference this year than any other year .
I ’m enjoying it . ’’
Bertuzzi has been far more effective in his second stint with the Red Wings than his first .
That is not surprising , considering he was coming off back surgery when the club acquired him from the Florida Panthers at the 2007 trade deadline .
“ When he got here in ’07 , he had n’t played in 4 - 5 months , he was n’t in game shape and his timing was a little bit off , ’’ Lidstrom said .
“ It ’s hard , he ( essentially ) was starting training camp and we were a couple of weeks away from the playoffs .
“ This year he ’s with us from Day 1 and he ’s been getting better and better .
I think he ’s feeling more comfortable with our style .
Him and Pav have found a good chemistry , too . ’’
As much as he is enjoying and benefiting from Bertuzzi ’s recent offensive exploits , it is the big forward ’s commitment to defense that has coach Mike Babcock raving about his performance .
Bertuzzi assured Babcock before the season that he would play well without the puck , and he is making good on his promise .
“ He ’s feeling good physically , mentally -- confidence - wise -- and his commitment to playing without the puck , I do n’t want to say it ’s shocking , but it ’s fantastic , ’’ Babcock said .
“ I got four or five clips of him from the last game ( Thursday vs. Colorado ) just flat - out being fantastic defensively on the back - check , ( forcing turnovers ) and leading the offense . ’’
Ericsson practices with team
Defenseman Jonathan Ericsson , out since Dec. 14 with a deep bone bruise in his left knee , participated in his first full practice with the team Saturday morning .
But he did n’t sound optimistic that he would return on this four - game trip , which ends Saturday in San Jose .
“ First couple of steps I need to be quick , and I ca n’t really push off , ’’ Ericsson said .
“ Once I get the speed up it ’s fine , but it just takes some time and you ca n’t miss those extra steps when you ’re playing .
I would n’t be game - ready right now . ’’
Told that Babcock , jokingly , wonders why all players who are skating are n’t playing , Ericsson said , “ I do n’t think he will say the same thing if some players are skating around me on the ice .
“ Some days there ’s a lot of improvement and then the next couple of days it ’s nothing . ’’
Odds & ends
• Forward Brad May skated Saturday morning but did n’t play due to a lower - body injury that has him listed as day - to - day .
Patrick Eaves returned after missing one game with the flu .
• At least two Red Wings have scored a pair of shorthanded goals in a home game , in addition to Darren Helm , who accomplished the feat on Thursday .
Lorne Ferguson did it on Feb. 2 , 1957 , against the Rangers and Shawn Burr did it on Jan. 9 , 1990 , vs. the Minnesota North Stars .
Helm is the first Red Wing to score two shorthanded goals in any game since Kirk Maltby did it in San Jose on Oct. 10 , 2002 .
Le Monde 's story was shot down by Berlin and Paris , but there is little doubt that certain officials have been trying to build momentum for a rescue .
It is clear that the EU family is split on the issue .
Jean - Claude Juncker , head of the Eurogroup of finance ministers , backs " assistance " , with support of EU integrationists hoping to nudge the EU towards full fiscal union .
Twitter campaigns and the telethons and the corporate donations and therecord sums raised through text messages , you can be sure that an enormous amount of cash is going to end up being raised to help Haiti .
This is not necessarily a good thing .
" data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Between the Twitter campaigns and the telethons and the corporate donations and the record sums raised through text messages , you can be sure that an enormous amount of cash is going to end up being raised to help Haiti .
This is not necessarily a good thing .
For one thing , right now there ’s very little that can be done with the money .
There are myriad bottlenecks and obstacles involved in getting help to the Haitians who need it , but lack of funds is not one of them .
For the next few weeks , help will come largely from governments , who are also spending hundreds of millions of dollars and mobilizing thousands of soldiers to the cause .
But with the UN alone seeking to raise $ 550 million , it ’s going to be easy to say that all the money donated to date is n’t remotely enough .
The problem is that Haiti , if it was n’t a failed state before the earthquake , is almost certainly a failed state now — and one of the lessons we ’ve learned from trying to rebuild failed states elsewhere in the world is that throwing money at the issue is very likely to backfire .
What ’s more , charities raising money for Haiti right now are going to have to earmark that money to be spent in Haiti and in Haiti only .
For a Haiti- specific charity like
Yele , that ’s not an option .
But as The Smoking Gun shows ,
Yele is not the soundest of charitable institutions : it has managed only one tax filing in its 12 - year existence , and it has a suspicious habit of spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on paying either Wyclef Jean personally or paying companies where he ’s a controlling shareholder , or paying his recording - studio expenses .
If you want to be certain that your donation will be well spent , you might be a bit worried that , for instance , Yele is going to be receiving 20 % of the proceeds of the telethon .
Meanwhile , none of the money from the telethon will go to the wholly admirable Medecins Sans Frontieres / Doctors Without Borders , which has already received enough money over the past three days to keep its Haiti mission running for the best part of the next decade .
MSF is behaving as ethically as it can , and has determined that the vast majority of the spike in donations that it ’s received in the past few days was intended to be spent in Haiti .
It will therefore earmark that money for Haiti , and try to spend it there over the coming years , even as other missions , elsewhere in the world , are still in desperate need of resources .
Do give money to MSF , then , but if you do , make sure that your donation is unrestricted .
The charity will do its very best in Haiti either way , but by allowing your money to be spent anywhere , you will help people in dire need all over the world , not just in Haiti .
Here ’s the message on MSF ’s website :
We are incredibly grateful for the generous support from our donors for the emergency in Haiti .
MSF has been working in Haiti for 19 years , most recently operating three emergency hospitals in Port - au - Prince , and is mobilizing a large emergency response to this disaster .
Our immediate response in the first hours following the disaster in Haiti was only possible because of private unrestricted donations from around the world received before the earthquake struck .
We are currently reinforcing our teams on the ground in order to respond to the immediate medical needs and to assess the humanitarian needs that MSF will be addressing in the months ahead .
We are now asking our donors to give unrestricted funding , or to our Emergency Relief Fund .
These types of funds ensure that our medical teams can react to the Haiti emergency and humanitarian crises all over the world , particularly neglected crises that remain outside the media spotlight .
The last time there was a disaster on this scale was the Asian tsunami , five years ago .
And for all its best efforts , the Red Cross has still only spent 83 % of its $ 3.21 billion tsunami budget — which means that it has over half a billion dollars left to spend .
Not to put too fine a point on it , but that ’s money which could be spent in Haiti , if it were n’t for the fact that it was earmarked .
It ’s human nature to want to believe that in the wake of a major disaster , we can all do our bit to help just by giving generously .
And if there ’s a silver lining to these tragedies at all , it ’s that they significantly increase the total amount of money donated to important charities by individuals around the world .
But if a charity is worth supporting , then it ’s worth supporting with unrestricted funds .
Because the last thing anybody wants to see in a couple of years ’ time is an unseemly tussle over what happened to today ’s Haiti donations , even as other international tragedies receive much less public attention .
Update : Saundra Schimmelpfennig has a great list of what to do and what not to do when you ’re making donations in the wake of a disaster ; it includes , of course , that donations should be unrestricted .
And the Philanthrocapitalists suggest that you “ match fund what you have given to Haiti with a gift to someone suffering just as much , but less dramatically , elsewhere in the world ” .
Update 2 : Sophie Delaunay of MSF USA responds in the comments .
And in case this blog entry is n’t clear , let me be explicit : DO give lots and lots of money to MSF ’s Emergency Relief Fund .
Give now , because the tragedy in Haiti is in the news and because you want to do something to help ; MSF is there and is helping and is a great cause .
And then continue to give in the future , because there are many other equally tragic situations elsewhere in the world , where MSF is doing just as great a job , but there is n’t the same degree of media coverage and there ’s much less money flowing in .
Earmarking your funds for Haiti in particular is not helpful .
But that ’s no reason to give nothing at all .
The US Department of the Treasury today took further action to implement existing sanctions against Iran ’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) by designating a general and four companies affiliated with the IRGC , pursuant to Executive Order 13382 .
This Executive Order freezes the assets of designated proliferators of weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) and their supporters .
Today ’s action focuses in particular on Khatam al­ Anbiya Construction Headquarters and IRGC General Rostam Qasemi .
Qasemi is the commander of Khatam al Anbiya Construction Headquarters , the engineering arm of the IRGC that serves to help the IRGC generate income and fund its operations .
Khatam al Anbiya is owned and controlled by the IRGC and is involved in the construction of streets , highways , tunnels , water conveyance projects , agricultural restoration projects , and pipelines .
The Treasury Department also designated four companies that are owned or controlled by , or that act on behalf of , Khatam al Anbiya , including : Fater Engineering Institute , Imensazen Consultant Engineers Institute ( ICEI ) , Makin Institute , and Rahab Institute .
The IRGC has a growing presence in Iran ’s financial and commercial sectors and extensive economic interests in the defense production , construction , and oil industries , controlling billions of dollars of business .
The profits from these activities are available to support the full range of the IRGC ’s illicit activities , including WMD proliferation and support for terrorism .
The US has previously acted against the IRGC and the Qods Force for their involvement in proliferation and terrorism support activities .
Qods Force was labeled a Specially Designated Global Terrorist entity in October 2007 .
Brigadier General Ahmad Foruzandeh , the former Qods Force commander and current commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps ; Brigadier General Qassem Suleimani ; the commander of Qods Force ; and Abdul Reza Shahlai , a deputy Qods Force commander , among others , have been designated under Executive Order 13382 for their involvement in terrorist activities in Iraq .
Elements of the IRGC have also been designated for UN sanctions pursuant to UN Security Council Resolutions 1737 and 1747 .
The European Union has also designated IRGC - affiliated companies , including Khatam al Anbiya , for their support of Iranian ballistic missile and nuclear programs .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Published online 14 January 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.12
News
Fortuitous catalyst discovery offers a new way to suck carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
Catalytic copper chemistry might one day help scrub the air of carbon dioxide Brand X
In an accidental discovery , chemists have stumbled on a catalyst that strips only carbon dioxide from the air — ignoring oxygen — and converts it into a useful compound .
The copper - based compound is nowhere near being a practical air - scrubber for removing CO 2 — not least because the catalyst takes hours to be recycled to its original state .
But its innovative chemistry offers a faint hope that a catalyst could one day selectively and efficiently remove the greenhouse gas from the air , turning it into organic chemicals .
Many catalysts with a structure based around a metal centre — such as a copper atom — are able to grab CO 2 from a pure stream of the gas .
But when faced with air , they prefer to couple with the more abundant and more reactive oxygen .
So the selectivity of the new compound is " completely unexpected " , says Elisabeth Bouwman at Leiden University in the Netherlands , who led the team that discovered the catalyst .
They publish their results in this week 's Science1 .
A catalyst that strips CO 2 instead of oxygen from the air is " definitely unusual , probably unprecedented " , agrees Cliff Kubiak , an electrochemist from the University of California , San Diego , who was not involved in the work .
Chance discovery
The structure of the copper compound , before it reduces carbon dioxide Science
Bouwman 's team was investigating compounds that mimicked the activity of biological enzymes .
Bouwman took the chemical shell off the nickel centre of one such mimic , and tried wrapping it around copper for comparison .
This structure produced a yellow solution , which turned green - blue after sitting in the open air for a few days .
Analysis of the green - blue product showed that it contains a segment called oxalate — made of two CO 2 molecules — which form a bridge linking two copper atoms together .
This fragment could occur only if CO 2 , not oxygen , had oxidized the copper compound .
Bouwman says that she does n't know why the copper complex prefers CO 2 to oxygen , but it could be because the oxalate bridge within the molecular structure of the green - blue product is extremely stable .
Back to square one
But the compound does n't just grab CO 2 : with a little input of electrical energy , it also acts as a catalyst .
The copper complex can be recycled and returned to its low oxidation state , and the oxalate can be pulled off the molecule .
In an electrochemical cell , Bouwman could rip away the oxalate from the copper 's grasp by adding lithium ions .
The bare copper complex left behind is returned to its original state thanks to an electrode — this adds electrons that the copper is missing after it loses its oxalate fragment .
The cell requires a small amount of electrical energy — 0.03 volts — to drive this process .
But this is much lower , for example , than the 2 volts needed to add an electron to CO 2 at an electrode ( an alternative way of making dissolved CO 2 reactive so that it forms useful chemicals ) .
Once stripped off the catalyst , the oxalate salt can also form the basis of several chemicals that have practical applications .
These include oxalic acid — commonly used in many laboratories and in household products such as rust - proofing treatments — and , after chemical conversion , ethylene glycol , which is used as an antifreeze in cars and as a building block for chemical synthesis .
Neat , but impractical
Still , the system is far from being a practical method of cleaning CO 2 from the air to combat global warming .
" The efficiency of the compound is not good enough , " says Bouwman .
So far her team has cycled the system just six times in seven hours — and that rate is only achieved in pure CO 2 in the laboratory , not in air .
An efficient catalyst needs to be capable of tens of thousands of cycles an hour , Bouwman says .
" It is certainly elegant chemistry , " says Fraser Armstrong , a chemist from the University of Oxford , UK .
But he agrees that the conversion rates are too low to be of use for removing CO 2 from the atmosphere .
ADVERTISEMENT
By contrast , large - scale systems to remove CO 2 from air — if they ever become practical or affordable — are much more likely to rely on physical membranes that suck in the gas selectively , or on sodium hydroxide scrubbers that chemically trap the gas but that require large amounts of energy to regenerate .
Both of these systems — some of which are approaching commercial reality , albeit expensive — simply concentrate CO 2 rather than converting it into a useful chemical as Bouwman 's electrocatalytic concept does .
Meanwhile , Bouwman has returned to her enzyme studies .
But she continues to investigate her chance discovery , wondering if changes in the chemical side groups of the copper molecule might improve the catalyst 's efficiency .
KABUL , Afghanistan —
The Taliban delivered a dramatic response to President Hamid Karzai ’s much vaunted peace overtures Monday with a coordinated series of attacks in the center of the Afghan capital .
According to Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mojahed , 20 suicide bombers were loose in the capital .
At about 9:30 a.m. , they attacked several government buildings in and around Pashtunistan Square , including the Ministries of Justice , Finance , and Mines and Industries .
Explosions also rocked the five - star Serena Hotel , the site of two previous attacks , and the Defense Ministry .
Reports claimed that insurgents had also attacked the presidential palace , where new cabinet members were being sworn in .
The presidential spokesman denied that any breach had taken place , but the Arg , as it is called , was in the thick of the action .
For more than three hours , Kabul was almost completely closed down .
Banks and stores were shuttered , and embassies barred their doors , not letting anyone in or out .
Thick smoke blanketed the central portion of the city , and shots could be heard for blocks .
“ I am fine , we ’re all alive , ” said a harried shopkeeper in Pashtunistan Square , answering his phone amid the chaos .
“ But I have to go now . ”
The sound of firing could be heard in the background as he hastily hung up .
By noon the city was in a panic ; more than a dozen explosions had been registered , and reports of dead and injured began to mount .
Medical workers were just starting to pick up casualties when an ambulance packed with explosives detonated in front of a large shopping center , killing several police .
After that the security forces began to ferry the wounded to hospitals in their own vehicles , no longer trusting the official ambulance fleet .
A little after 1 p.m. police announced that the remaining insurgents had been killed and the crisis had passed .
No information was immediately available on the numbers of dead or injured , nor could damage to property be assessed .
One shopping center was burned out , and the Serena Hotel sustained some damage from grenade attacks .
Employees inside the hotel spent the day in a basement bunker , waiting for the all - clear .
By early evening things were almost back to normal , according to a manager at the hotel ’s spa .
“ But there are no guests here .
We are all alone , ” she said .
The Serena has been the site of two previous attacks — one in January , 2008 , in which insurgents stormed the building , killing at least eight , and another in October , 2009 , when mortars fired into the courtyard exploded , shattering windows .
Monday ’s attack is the largest in Kabul to date , and comes a little less than a year after a similar assault in February 2009 .
The situation in the capital has been steadily deteriorating over the past 12 months ; in October , an assault on a U.N. guesthouse left six dead and resulted in much of the U.N. ’s staff being sent out of the country .
International organizations are now imposing more stringent rules on their employees , restricting their movements and ensuring that their living quarters are secure .
Afghans , meanwhile , shrug off the violence and go about their business .
“ We have seen worse , ” laughed a journalist from Wardak province , who had come to Kabul for a journalism workshop on Monday .
“ This is not so bad . ”
This latest attack is likely to upset plans by the Afghan government to unveil a roadmap for reconciliation with the Taliban at the London conference , scheduled for January 28 .
Karzai has made no secret of his wish to begin talks with the insurgents ; he has publicly floated the idea of asking for Taliban leader Mullah Omar to be removed from the U.N. “ black list ” which restricts travel for those designated as terrorists , and freezes all of their foreign assets .
He has also complained repeatedly of the “ mistakes ” made in 2001 when the Taliban were excluded from the Bonn conference that outlined the structure for the new Afghanistan .
Karzai has called the Taliban “ sons of the soil ” and offered to embrace them as brothers if they agree to lay down their arms .
The United States has given qualified support to Karzai ’s proposals , but Monday ’s mayhem may well sour the mood .
The violence could not have come at a worse time for the Afghan president , who is fighting his own legislature in a bid to get a functioning government together ahead of the London conference .
Karzai ’s first roster of nominees was soundly rejected ; only seven out of 24 cabinet picks met with parliamentary approval .
A second round of voting , held on January 16 , gave him seven more .
But he is running out of time , and the public rift has damaged his credibility with the international community .
The agenda for the conference had been worked out by the Afghan government ; the major points were the fight against corruption and the opening to the Taliban .
Read : Good money after bad in Afghanistan ?
But with close to one - third of ministries lacking a confirmed head , Karzai will have a hard time convincing the international community that he is in a position to deliver on his commitments .
And , as Monday ’s violence showed , he is not in full control even of his own capital .
The attack may not have been a total surprise .
Kabul residents say that security has been unusually tight around the capital for the past five days .
“ There have been checkpoints at most intersections , with searches of every car , ” said Roman Habib , a journalist in Kabul .
“ They were expecting something . ”
For now , the situation is calm , and police insist that they have the situation under the control .
Interior Ministry spokesman Zmarai Bashari went to so far as to tell the media that Monday ’s attacks were a sign of the Taliban ’s growing weakness .
But for those left in the dark and fearful capital , it will be an uneasy night .
My first immersion in the social movement that helped take Ted Kennedy ’s Massachusetts Senate seat away from the Democrats , and may have derailed the President ’s chief domestic initiative , occurred last fall , in Burlington , Kentucky , at a Take Back America rally .
My escort was an exceptionally genial sixty - seven - year - old man named Don Seely , an electrical engineer who said that he was between jobs and using the unwanted free time to volunteer his services to the Northern Kentucky Tea Party , the rally ’s host organization , as a Webmaster .
“ I ’ve never been a Webmaster , but I ’ve known Webmasters , ” he explained , with a chuckle , as he walked around a muddy field , near a horse - jumping ring , and introduced me to some of his colleagues , one of whom was a fireman .
“ And he ’s also our finance guy . ”
Being the finance guy , from what I could gather , entailed volunteering a personal credit card to be used for the group ’s PayPal account .
The amateur nature of the operation was a matter of pride to all those who were taking an active interest , in many cases for the first time in their lives , in the cause of governance .
Several of the volunteers had met at Bulldog ’s Roadhouse , in a nearby town named Independence , where they assembled on weekdays for what you might call happy hour , were it not for the fact that Bulldog ’s is a Fox News joint and five o’clock is when Glenn Beck comes on , warning from a studio that he likes to call the “ doom room ” about the return of a Marxist fifth column .
Liberals saw the activists as caricatures — mere tools of right - wing media figures like Glenn Beck .
They were wrong .
Illustration by Edward Sorel
Seely wore a muted plaid shirt , rumpled khakis , and large , round glasses that seemed to magnify his curiosity , a trait that he attributed to his training as an engineer — an urge to understand the way things work .
He told me that he used to listen to Beck on the radio , before Beck got his Fox show .
“ I did n’t like him , ” he said .
“ He was always making fun of people .
You know , he ’s basically a comedian .
But the reason I like him now is he ’s kind of had a mind - set change .
Instead of making fun of everybody , he started asking himself questions .
His point was ‘ Get out there , talk to your neighbor , see what they feel .
Do n’t sit back under your tree boohooing . ’ ” The Bulldog ’s gang was a collection of citizens who were , as one of them put it , “ tired of talking to the TV . ”
So they watched Beck together , over beer , and then spent an hour consoling one another , although lately their personal anxieties had overtaken the more general ones of the host on the screen , and Beck ’s chalkboard lectures about the fundamental transformation of the Republic had become more like the usual barroom ballgame : background noise .
“ We found that you really have to let people get the things off their chests , ” Seely said .
Burlington is the seat of Boone County , and the rally took place at the Boone County fairgrounds , on an afternoon that was chilly enough to inspire one of the speakers , the ghostwriter of Joe the Plumber ’s autobiography , to dismiss global warming , to great applause .
A second - generation Chrysler dealer , whose lot had just been shut down , complained that the Harvard - educated experts on Wall Street and in Washington knew nothing about automobiles .
( “ I ’ve been in this business since 1958 , and what I know is that the American public does not want small cars ! ” )
The district ’s congressional representative , Geoff Davis , brought up the proposed cap - and - trade legislation favored by Democrats , and called it an “ economic colonization of the hardworking states that produce the energy , the food , and the manufactured goods of the heartland , to take that and pay for social programs in the large coastal states . ”
Boone County borders both Indiana and Ohio , and was described to me by a couple of people I met there as “ flyover country , ” with a mixture of provincial anxiety and defensive skepticism — as in “ What brings you to flyover country ? ”
The phrase is not quite apt .
Home to the Cincinnati airport , which serves as a Delta hub , the county owes much of its growth and relative prosperity over the past two decades to large numbers of people flying in and out , not over .
But Delta ’s recent struggles , and rumors about the impending contraction of its local subsidiary , Comair , have contributed to a deeper sense of economic anxiety .
“ You go to the warehouses around the airport , probably at least a third or twenty - five per cent are empty , ” Seely said .
“ We need to give somebody a break here , so people can start making money . ”
As it happens , the largest employer in northern Kentucky today is the I.R.S .
Another Bulldog ’s regular , a middle - aged woman dressed in jeans , a turtleneck , and a red sweatshirt , stood beside some stables , hustling for signatures to add to the Tea Party mailing list .
“ I tell you , it ’s an enthusiastic group , ” she said .
“ Talk about grassroots .
This is as grassroots as it gets . ”
“ And she works full time , ” Seely added .
“ Not as full time as I ’d like . ”
About a thousand people had turned up at the rally , most of them old enough to remember a time when the threats to the nation ’s long - term security , at home and abroad , were more easily defined and acknowledged .
Suspicious of decadent élites and concerned about a central government whose ambitions had grown unmanageably large , they sounded , at least in broad strokes , a little like the left - wing secessionists I ’d met at a rally in Vermont in the waning days of the Bush Administration .
Large assemblies of like - minded people , even profoundly anxious people anticipating the imminent death of empire , have an unmistakable allure : festive despair .
A young man in a camouflage jacket sold T - shirts ( “ Fox News Fan , ” for example ) , while a local district judge doled out play money : trillion - dollar bills featuring the face of Ben Bernanke .
An insurance salesman paraded around , dressed as though guiding a tour of Colonial Williamsburg .
“ Oh , this is George Washington ! ”
Seely said .
“ Hey , George , come over here a minute . ”
“ I ’m back for the Second American Revolution , ” the man said .
“ My weapons this time will be the Constitution , the Internet , and my talk - radio ads . ”
If there was a central theme to the proceedings , it was probably best expressed in the refrain “ Can you hear us now ? , ” conveying a long - standing grievance that the political class in Washington is unresponsive to the needs and worries of ordinary Americans .
Republicans and Democrats alike were targets of derision .
“ Their constituency is George Soros , ” one man grumbled , and I was reminded of the dangerous terrain where populism slides into a kind of nativist paranoia — the subject of Richard Hofstadter ’s famous essay linking anti-Masonic sentiment in the eighteen - twenties with McCarthyism and with the John Birch Society founder Robert Welch ’s contention that Dwight Eisenhower was “ a dedicated , conscious agent of the Communist conspiracy . ”
The name Soros , understood in the context of this recurring strain — the “ paranoid style in American politics , ” Hofstadter called it — is synonymous , like Rockefeller or Rothschild , with a New World Order .
The Soros grumbler , who had also labelled John McCain a Communist , was dressed in jeans pulled up well above his waist with suspenders , and wearing thick , oversized shades .
When he saw my notebook , he turned to Seely and asked , “ Where ’s he from , supposedly ? ”
Informed that I live in New York , he replied , “ There ’s a nightmare right there . ”
What he had in mind was not a concentration of godless liberals , as it turned out , but something more troubling .
“ Major earthquake faults , ” he said .
“ It ’s hard in spots , but basically it ’s like a bag of bricks . ”
Some more discussion revolved around a super - volcano in Yellowstone ( “ It ’ll fry Denver and Salt Lake at the same time ” ) and the dire geological forecasts of Edgar Cayce , the so - called Sleeping Prophet , which involved the sudden emergence of coastlines in what , for the time being , is known as the Midwest .
I asked the man his name .
“ T. J. Randall , ” he said .
“ That ’s not my real name , but that ’s the one I ’m using . ”
Seely saw our encounter with the doomsayer more charitably than Hofstadter might have .
“ That ’s an example of an intelligent person who ’s not quite got it all together , ” he said .
“ You can tell that .
But he ’s pretty interesting to talk to . ”
Seely ’s own reaction , upon learning where I ’d come from , had been to ask if I was familiar with the New School , in Greenwich Village .
His youngest daughter , Amber , had gone there .
I asked Seely what Amber thought of the Tea Party .
“ We kind of hit a happy medium where we do n’t discuss certain things , ” he said , and added that at the moment Amber , who now works for a nonprofit that builds affordable housing in New Orleans , was visiting his son , Denver , who is enrolled in a Ph.D. program in mechanical engineering at Mississippi State .
“ My comfort food upset me . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
By most accounts , the Paul Revere figure of this Second American Revolution is an excitable cable - news reporter named Rick Santelli , a former futures trader and Drexel Burnham Lambert vice - president who stood on the floor of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange last February and sounded the alarm on CNBC about the new Administration ’s planned assistance for homeowners facing foreclosure .
He proposed a nationwide referendum , via the Internet , on the matter of subsidizing “ the losers ’ mortgages , ” winning both the attention and the vocal support of the working traders in his midst .
“ President Obama , are you listening ? ” he shouted , and then said that he ’d been thinking of organizing a Chicago Tea Party in July , urging “ all you capitalists ” to come join him on Lake Michigan , where “ we ’re going to be dumping in some derivative securities . ”
It was a delicate pose — financial professionals more or less laughing at debtors while disavowing the lending techniques that had occasioned the crisis — but within a matter of hours a Web site , OfficialChicagoTeaParty.com , had gone live , and by the end of the following week dozens of small protests were occurring simultaneously around the country , invoking the legacy of early New England colonists in their revolt against King George .
Santelli ’s rant was delivered at 7:10 A.M. , Chicago time , but it was highly YouTube- able , and all the more effective to the alienated masses — “ the rabble , ” as some have taken to calling themselves — because Santelli was not a known conservative mouthpiece like Rush Limbaugh or Beck or Sean Hannity .
The primal narrative of any insurrection benefits from the appearance of unlikely spontaneity .
Another early agitator who merits a retrospective footnote is Keli Carender , a.k.a. the Liberty Belle , a blogger and “ random woman , ” as one admirer says , “ from Seattle , of all places . ”
Carender was a week ahead of Santelli in voicing her dissent ; her mistake was choosing the wrong animating metaphor .
Borrowing terminology from Limbaugh , she organized a Porkulus Protest in response to the economic - stimulus bill , and tried tagging Democratic leaders with epithets like Porky and Piggy and Porker .
( Not the least of tea ’s advantages is the ease with which it can be converted into a handy acronym : Taxed Enough Already . )
But Carender identified a tactic that would prove invaluable in the months of raucous town - hall meetings and demonstrations to follow : adopting the idealistic energy of liberal college students .
“ Unlike the melodramatic lefties , I do not want to get arrested , ” she wrote .
“ I do , however , want to take a page from their playbook and be loud , obnoxious , and in their faces . ”
Spring brought the founding of the Tea Party Patriots , a centralized Web destination for decentralized malcontents , and the start of Glenn Beck ’s side gig as a social organizer , through his 9.12 Project .
The numbers nine and twelve referred to a checklist of principles and values , but their greater significance lay in the allusion to September 11th .
“ The day after America was attacked , we were not obsessed with Red States , Blue States or political parties , ” the project ’s mission statement read .
“ We want to get everyone thinking like it is September 12 , 2001 , again . ”
The chosen values were inarguable : things like honesty and hope and courage .
Only two of the principles ( “ I believe in God and He is the center of my life ” ; “ I work hard for what I have and I will share it with who I want to .
Government cannot force me to be charitable ” ) indicated any kind of political agenda .
Inclusiveness was the point .
As spring passed into summer , the scores at local Tea Party gatherings turned to hundreds , and then thousands , collecting along the way footloose Ron Paul supporters , goldbugs , evangelicals , Atlas Shruggers , militiamen , strict Constitutionalists , swine - flu skeptics , scattered 9/11 “ truthers , ” neo - “ Birchers , ” and , of course , “ birthers ” — those who remained convinced that the President was a Muslim double agent born in Kenya .
“ We ’ll meet back here in six months , ” Beck had said in March , and when September 12th arrived even the truest of believers were surprised by the apparent strength of the new movement , as measured by the throngs who made the pilgrimage to the Capitol for a Taxpayer March on Washington , swarming the Mall with signs reading “ ‘ 1984 ’ Is Not an Instruction Manual ” and “ The Zoo Has an African Lion and the White House Has a Lyin’ African ! ”
Politics is ultimately a numbers game , and the natural excitement surrounding 9.12 drove crowd estimates upward , from an early lowball figure of sixty thousand , reported by ABC News , into the hundreds of thousands and across the million mark , eventually nearing two million — an upper limit of some significance , because 1.8 million was the figure commonly reported in mainstream or “ state - run ” media outlets as the attendance at President Obama ’s Inauguration .
“ There are more of us than there are of them , and we know the truth , ” one of the Kentucky organizers , who had carpooled to D.C. with a couple of co-workers from an auto - parts warehouse , told me .
The fact that the mainstream media generally declined to acknowledge the parallel , regarding the marchers as a loud and motley long tail of disaffection , and not a silent majority , only hardened their resolve .
Consider our peculiar political situation at the end of this first decade of the new century .
An African - American Democrat is elected President , following the collapse of the two great symbols of postwar prosperity , Detroit and Wall Street .
Seizing on the erosion of public trust in élite institutions , the C.E.O. of World Wrestling Entertainment , Linda McMahon , announces her candidacy for the U.S. Senate , touting her opposition to a federal banking bailout whose principal beneficiaries include many of her neighbors in Greenwich , Connecticut .
Another pro-wrestling eminence , the former Minnesota governor Jesse ( the Body ) Ventura , begins hosting a new television show called “ Conspiracy Theory , ” evincing a distrust in government so deep that it equates environmental crusaders with the Bilderbergs .
A multimillionaire pornographer , Larry Flynt , is moved to branch out from his regular perch as an enemy of moral hypocrisy with an expanded sense of purpose , lamenting the takeover of Washington by “ Wall Street , the mega - corporations and the super - rich , ” in an op - ed for the Huffington Post , and calling for an unspecified form of national strike inspired by Shays ’s Rebellion .
And an obscure state senator who once posed naked for Cosmopolitan emerges , after driving a pickup truck around Massachusetts , as a leading contender to unseat the aforementioned President .
American history is dotted with moments like this , when , as the Princeton historian Sean Wilentz says , “ panic and vitriol come to the fore , ” occasioning a temporary realignment of political interests .
Flynt cited Franklin Roosevelt ’s use of the phrase “ economic royalists , ” which was itself an echo of the moneyed interests targeted by Andrew Jackson , who earned the nickname King Mob after his Inauguration , in 1829 , brought hordes of precursors of the Hustler subscribers and WrestleMania fans of our time to the White House lawn .
Jackson ’s staunch opposition to the Second Bank of the United States set a precedent for generations of Wall Street resentment to come .
Between the demise of the Whig Party and the consolidation of the modern Republican Party , under Lincoln , there came a nativist movement of Know Nothings , as they called themselves — or “ the Lou Dobbs party , ” as Michael Kazin , the author of “ The Populist Persuasion , ” now says .
Marx and Engels had just published their manifesto , and German immigrants were suspected of importing Socialist ideas .
The new waves of Irish Catholics could n’t be trusted , either : who was to say they would n’t take their orders from the Pope instead of the President ?
Gilded
Age excesses gave rise to a new People ’s Party , a movement of Southern and Western farmers and miners united in opposition to railroad speculators , and the panic of 1893 accelerated their cause .
By 1896 , William Jennings Bryan was addressing the Democratic Convention with his famous critique of “ the idle holders of idle capital . ”
( The convention , held in Chicago , loosed “ a wild , raging , irresistible mob which nothing can turn from its abominable foolishness , ” as the Times put it . )
“ That basic kind of vocabulary , against the monarchy and the aristocracy , has informed every conceivable American dissident group in one way or another , ” Wilentz says .
“ Lyndon LaRouche does that whole Queen of England thing .
He ’s still fighting the American Revolution . ”
The Tea Party movement , identified by some commentators as the first right - wing street - protest movement of our time , may be a reflection of how far populist sentiment has drifted away from the political left in the decades since the New Deal .
“ The original Populists were the ones who came up with the income tax , ” Charles Postel , the author of “ The Populist Vision , ” said recently .
“ They were for the nationalization of everything .
Their idea of a model institution was the Post Office . ”
Bryan believed that the “ right to coin money and issue money is a function of the government , ” and railed , most memorably , against the “ cross of gold . ”
Yet few ideas stir the Tea Party faithful more than a fear of creeping nationalization and the dangers — both moral and practical — associated with printing money to suit momentary needs .
The sponsors of Glenn Beck ’s nightly history lessons on the depredations of American progressivism frequently include purveyors of gold .
“ Same old , same old — Les took an arrow in the kidney , the kids all have Lyme disease , and Emily was nailed by an S.U.V. ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
One historical comparison that some Tea Party champions have made is to the civil - rights movement , and , to the extent that the analogy holds , it may reflect the fact that the Tea Party seems to derive much of its energy from the members of that generation who did not participate in the cultural revolution of the sixties , and are only belatedly coming to terms with social and demographic trends set in motion fifty years ago .
Don Seely invited me to his house for coffee the day after the rally at the Kentucky fairgrounds , and showed me his Air Force Commendation Medal , awarded for meritorious service from 1967 to 1971 .
“ At this age , I was so ignorant , ” he said .
“ Every once in a while , you ’d catch a glimpse on TV of Martin Luther King — all that kind of stuff was going on .
I graduated college in December of ’ 66 .
About a year after I left , that ’s when all the riots happened .
I ’m thinking , What is going on ? ”
Seely had always wanted to be a pilot , but , because of poor eyesight , he ended up an engineer in a satellite - control facility .
The medal was accompanied by a photograph of Seely in his captain ’s uniform , and he said that Amber , after looking at the image , had proclaimed that he was the only person she knew who ’d kept the same hair style for nearly fifty years : short , straight , and parted neatly on the far right .
Seely grew up across the street from a dairy farm that his father owned , in Ohio , and he considers himself a “ green , ” by the mid-century standards relating to productive use of the land , in contrast with the “ weirdos ” whom he now associates with environmental causes .
“ If they had their way , all the buildings , all industry , all fossil fuel would stop , ” he said .
“ And you ca n’t have that . ”
He and his wife , who works at the Creation Museum , an institution dedicated to promoting a Biblically literal account of the earth ’s origins , raised their family in a Columbus suburb and moved south across the Ohio River about a year ago , to be closer to their grandchildren .
Their new Kentucky home has a large expanse of freshly mowed grass out back that Seely ’s brother - in - law at first mistook for a golf course .
“ Those towers over there , that ’s actually Ohio , ” Seely said , stepping onto his back porch and pointing at the nearest tall buildings .
“ Ohio has a problem : money is leaving , educated people are leaving .
’ Cause we have a lot of good universities in Ohio , but there ’s no jobs there , so you educate your kids and then you send them off . ”
Seely had a history in local politics to reflect on as he thought about how to reverse the tide of urban progressivism .
Many of his cohorts did not , however , and he worried about the transition from the strange euphoria of collective exasperation .
Like the sixties radicals , they risked suffering from a kind of idealistic naïveté .
“ I do n’t think the Tea Party quite understands how the system actually works , ” he said .
For about a decade , he served as a Republican central committeeman , a volunteer position , in Ohio ’s Franklin County , where the general level of civic engagement was such that politicians were known to be willing to appear at any home where five or six neighbors might assemble .
Democracy as he experienced it was practiced in a largely backroom fashion , with the committeemen and the county chairs trading favors for endorsements .
The local Republican Party , in his telling , consisted of three competing factions : moderates , fiscal conservatives , and Seely ’s group , the social conservatives .
A few years ago , when the longtime Franklin County chair , a friend of Seely ’s , stepped down , the first two groups banded together to block the social conservatives from retaining power .
“ And guess who they elected to be the chairman ? ” he asked me .
“ An open homosexual ! ”
“ People are finally getting to the point where they want to educate themselves , ” Seely went on .
“ We ’ve got to get to the point where people are educated enough to find out about ‘ Well , how do you endorse candidates ? ’
That ’s really where the power is .
It ’s been very frustrating to me , because I tell people about my experience and it goes pffft pffft ” — he gestured to indicate something passing over his head .
“ They say , ‘ You know , we ’re not interested in local things .
We ’re interested in national things . ’
I go , ‘ Well , fine .
That ’s good .
But , really , you got to be local . ’ ”
After we finished our coffee , Seely took me to the Creation Museum , a mile down the road .
The museum , which opened in 2007 , at a cost of twenty - seven million dollars , features a planetarium , animatronic dinosaurs , and a partial replica , built to exacting scale , of Noah ’s Ark .
Several staff Ph.D.s work on site .
The first exhibit showed two paleontologists , a Darwinist and a Biblical literalist , examining a fossil .
“ Depending on what your world view is , and what you believe and what you ’ve been taught , you can look at the same thing and come to a different conclusion , ” Seely explained .
The exhibit , called “ Starting Points , ” was intended to demonstrate the plausible divergence in theories about man ’s relation to dinosaurs , but it could just as easily have spoken for the assumptions we make about Barack Obama ’s past associations with figures like Bill Ayers and Bernardine Dohrn .
Obama ’s selection last summer of the Republican congressman John McHugh to be his Secretary of the Army created the need for a special election , and provided the first opportunity for Tea Party activists to make an electoral impact both locally and nationally .
It served as a dress rehearsal for the Massachusetts Senate race , and enabled activists to learn from their mistakes .
McHugh ’s district , New York ’s
Twenty - third , covers most of what locals call the North Country , from the Adirondacks to the St. Lawrence River and extending west to Lake Ontario .
Primarily rural , its politics and class markers have more in common with Kentucky than with Manhattan , and the Republican Party had been in control since before the turn of the twentieth century .
But Obama carried the district , with fifty - two per cent of the vote , and the eleven Republican county chairs made what seemed like an expedient choice in nominating the veteran state assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava to run for McHugh ’s seat .
Scozzafava was a big - tent selection : pro-choice , in favor of gay marriage , and a friend of the teachers ’ union .
Tea Party adherents responded by backing a third - party challenge from an earnest accountant named Doug Hoffman , who had served as the C.F.O. for the Lake Placid Olympics in 1980 .
“ We formed the foundation that created the Miracle , and I think the miracle was the start of the Reagan Revolution , and it eventually brought down the Soviet Union , ” Hoffman told a group of supporters .
“ Since this is the first congressional race of 2010 , we ’re going to break down the wall again .
And the miracle is we ’re going to take America back , and we ’re going to get our freedom back . ”
Shortly before the election , I went to Cicero , New York , to hear the former House majority leader Dick Armey address what one listener referred to as a “ glorified sticker club . ”
A group of about thirty people had assembled in the cavernous interior of Drivers Village , a cluster of adjoined auto dealerships .
They had been meeting regularly for months to talk politics .
“ This could be the single most important election that any of us will ever get to work on in our lifetime — the game - changer , ” Armey , who now heads a supply - side nonprofit called FreedomWorks , declared .
He predicted — correctly — that Scozzafava would end up conceding before Election Day , and said that the only remaining question was whether Hoffman , who was polling in third place , could manage to overcome the Democrats ’ likely election fraud , which he estimated to be worth three percentage points .
“ In ’93 , when the worm started to turn , it started to turn with a special election in Kentucky , ” he said , referring to a 1994 contest that was prompted by the death of an incumbent Democrat , and won by a little - known Republican , a Christian - bookstore owner named Ron Lewis .
“ That election changed everybody ’s mood , ” Armey said .
It also paved the way for the Republican takeover of the House in the ’ 94 midterms .
“ None of us knew this was going to hit , ” a young woman named Jennifer Bernstone said , looking up from a laptop .
“ We all went to D.C. in September : ‘ Woo hoo , that was awesome ! ’
We all came home .
‘ Now what ? ’
This is the what .
Who the heck knew ?
I sing for a living .
I ’m an actress .
I do n’t do this stuff . ”
Her immediate concern was the effective deployment of Hoffman supporters from Connecticut and Westchester , with whom she ’d been e-mailing .
They were coming to canvass for the weekend , and needed places to crash .
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
The hack involves hardware and software A US hacker who gained notoriety for unlocking Apple 's iPhone as a teenager has told BBC News that he has now hacked Sony 's PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) .
George Hotz said the hack , which could allow people to run pirated games or homemade software , took him five weeks .
He said he was still refining the technique but intended to post full details online soon .
The PS3 is the only games console that has not been hacked , despite being on the market for three years .
" It 's supposed to be unhackable - but nothing is unhackable , " Mr Hotz told BBC News .
" I can now do whatever I want with the system .
It 's like I 've got an awesome new power - I 'm just not sure how to wield it . "
Sony said it was " investigating the report " and would " clarify the situation " when it had more information .
' Open curiosity '
Mr Hotz said that he had begun the hack last summer when he had spent three weeks analysing the hardware .
After a long break , he spent a further two weeks cracking the console , which he described as a " very secure system " .
He said that he was not yet ready to reveal the full details of the hack but said that it was " 5 % hardware and 95 % software " .
The hack could allow gamers to play pirated games " You can use hardware to inject an insecurity and then you can build on that , " he said .
He admitted that he had not managed to hack the whole system , including the protected memory , but had worked out ways to trick the console into doing what he wanted .
Mr Hotz said that he was continuing to work on the hack and , once finished , would publish details online in a similar way to his previous iPhone exploits .
In particular , he said , he would publish details of the console 's " root key " , a master code that once known would make it easier for others to decipher and hack other security features on the console .
He said his motivation was " curiosity " and " opening up the platform " .
" To tell you the truth , I 've never really played a PS3 , " he said .
" I have one game , but I 've never really played it . "
Opening the system could allow people to install other operating systems on their console and play homemade games , he said .
In addition , he said , the hack would allow people to play older PS2 games on their consoles .
Recent versions of the PS3 do not have the ability to play PS2 games after Sony controversially removed a piece of hardware .
He admitted that it could also allow people to run pirated games .
" I 'm not going to personally have anything to do with that , " he told BBC News .
Gaming firms do not take the issue of game piracy and console modification lightly .
Recently , Microsoft disconnected thousands of gamers from its online gaming service Xbox Live for modifying their consoles to play pirated games .
Mr Hotz said that the nature of his PS3 hack means that Sony may have difficulty patching the exploit .
" We are investigating the report and will clarify the situation once we have more information , " said a Sony spokesman .
Mr Hotz rose to fame in 2007 at the age of 17 when he unlocked the iPhone , which could only be used on the AT&T network in the US at launch .
The hack allowed the popular handset to be used on any network .
He has since released various other hacks , allowing people to unlock later versions of the popular handset .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BRUSSELS , Belgium —
No Delphic
Oracle was needed to predict that European Union leaders would , eventually , rally to support Greece 's floundering public finances .
From the moment back in October when revelations that the country 's finances were in a much greater mess than the official figures showed , it was clear that if the Greek government could not calm the market storm that broke over the country , Europe 's big economic hitters would have to step in .
The prospect that a member of the euro currency bloc , or eurozone , might default on its debts and the danger that an escalating Greek crisis would spread to Spain , Portugal and even Italy , could call into question the credibility of the euro itself .
That was too big a risk for Europe 's leaders to take .
So after successive commitments to austerity measures from Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou failed to stop the market rot , Germany , France and the others had little choice but to produce today 's promise of " determined and coordinated action , if needed , " to rescue the eurozone 's weakest link .
Europe 's leaders did not give details of the form a rescue plan might take or even hint at how much money they would be prepared to advance for the Greeks , but they insisted that the unprecedented political message was clear .
" Greece is part of the eurozone .
Greece is part of Europe .
We will support Greece , " French President Nicolas Sarkozy told a press conference .
" Everybody should understand what we mean , it 's clear , it 's unambiguous . "
( Read more on Greek unrest in reaction to the government 's proposed budget cuts and Papandreou 's drive to increase government transparency . )
The deal means that if pressure mounts on Greece to the extent that Athens is faced with a default on its sovereign debt , Germany , France and other eurozone nations will reach for their wallets .
They did n't specify details , but likely options include direct loans or state - owned banks buying up Greek bonds .
" The modalities will have to be worked out depending on events , " Sarkozy said .
Papandreou has not yet asked for a rescue and the eurozone remains hopeful that a bailout wo n't be necessary .
It hopes today 's summit statement sends a clear message to the markets that Greece 's partners wo n't let the country go under .
Markets reacted cautiously .
Bond spreads reflecting how much Greece has to pay to borrow narrowed on the news then widened , reflecting jitters at the lack of details from the European leaders .
The euro also rose and then fell in the hours after the announcement .
The reluctance of the other eurozone nations to intervene on Greece 's behalf over the past few months had fueled excited headlines , notably in the euro - sceptic British press , about the imminent break - up of the euro .
In reality , Germany , the EU 's principle paymaster , has too much invested in the euro to allow the currency to founder despite widespread distaste at having to spend taxpayers ' money to bail out a country that has persistently flaunted the eurozone 's ground rules on low public debt and government deficits .
The leaders served warning that if a bailout becomes necessary , strict conditions will be imposed on Greece to ensure money is paid back and that stringent measures are taken to balance the books and stabilize the economy , including by cutting the deficit by 4 percent this year .
" Greece will not be left on its own , but there are rules and these rules must be adhered to , " insisted German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
She underscored that the EU will hold a monthly monitoring of the Greek economy to ensure that Athens is meeting its promises to cut costs .
One European official said that if the eurozone nations were obliged to come in with cash support for Greece , the conditions they would impose would " squeeze until tears run from the stones of the Parthenon . "
Officials suggested European conditions would be as tough as those that would have been imposed by the International Monetary Fund .
Both Athens and Brussels are keen to avoid an IMF bailout , which would be a humiliating sign of eurozone weakness .
Greece needs to borrow 54 billion euro this year to plug fiscal shortfalls .
Currently it is still able to raise money on the markets , but uncertainty about its finances have seen lenders raise interest rates , forcing it deeper into debt .
Greece 's credibility has been undermined by admissions that the country had manipulated statistics to disguise the true level of its government spending gap .
When he was elected in October Papandreou acknowledged that Greece 's deficit in 2009 was likely to be 12.7 percent of GDP , double the previous official forecast and one of the EU 's highest .
Under the so - called stability pact rules drawn up when the euro was launched in the late 1990s , member nations are bound to keep deficits to 3 percent .
The rules have been relaxed for all members to take account of the economic crisis .
Papandreou has pledged to bring the deficit down to 8.7 percent this year , through a package of public sector wage and hiring freezes , raising the pension age and cracking down on tax evasion , but doubts have persisted over the government 's commitment to implement the measure in the face of strikes and social unrest .
David Cameron wages war on Deadbeat Dads who refuse to look for work
Pledge : David Cameron says he will tackle family breakdown , lawlessness , violence and classroom chaos
Deadbeat dads who spend all day at the pub instead of looking for work will face a tough crackdown if David Cameron becomes Prime Minister .
Writing in today ’s Mail on Sunday , the Tory leader says that teenagers will also get compulsory lessons on how to say ‘ no ’ to sex and there will be measures to reduce violence against women .
The pledges – the latest phase of his campaign to mend ‘ Broken Britain ’ – aim to tackle the ‘ dark side ’ of family breakdown , lawlessness , violence and classroom chaos .
Mr Cameron says the Tories will rip up laws they believe have encouraged feckless behaviour , including giving higher welfare handouts to couples who split up .
He promises that those who behave responsibly will be rewarded , while those who do not would receive lower benefits .
Anyone who breaks the law will also face longer prison sentences .
Mr Cameron ’s comments herald a series of announcements by the Tories this week on schools , law and order , and welfare .
He says the ‘ darker side ’ of Britain was exposed by the murder of Sukhwinder Singh , who was murdered in East London after chasing two muggers .
He writes : ‘ Gordon Brown says we do n’t live in a broken society .
Sukhwinder may have suffered its most horrific expression , but there are many other victims too . ’
They include ‘ pensioners who live in fear behind bolted doors ; teenagers who have a baby but no GCSEs ; kids who are more likely to see their dad drunk than doing a day ’s work ; and the one in four women suffering domestic abuse at some point in their life ’ .
And he claims Labour has made things worse by ‘ undermining personal and social responsibility ’ .
Mr Cameron ’s tone is in stark contrast to the ‘ hug a hoodie ’ message he sent out when he first became Tory leader .
It comes after private Conservative polls found that although party members approve of his modern and compassionate style , they also want him to show the ruthless streak needed to get to grips with society ’s deep - rooted problems .
Earlier this month , Mr Cameron admitted he had ‘ messed up ’ by giving mixed signals over his previous commitment to giving married couples a better deal from the tax system .
Today , he reiterates that couples who stay together will no longer get lower welfare payments than those who separate .
Deadbeat dads : Frank Gallagher , from Channel 4's ' Shameless ' is an alcoholic at the head of a dysfunctional family
Single mothers with part - time jobs who take on extra work will also no longer see more of their pay grabbed by the State .
And headteachers will be given new powers to expel rowdy pupils and carry out searches for weapons and drugs .
Mr Cameron proposes a reform to schools ’ national curriculum to include lessons about sexual consent – with an emphasis on ‘ empowering ’ young people to say ‘ no ’ to sex .
And he intends to import New York - style police techniques whereby officers make visits to homes where wives live in fear .
Home Office statistics show a case of domestic violence is reported to police every minute , while two women each week are killed by a current or former partner .
Jan. 15 , 2010  --
In " Why Boys Fail , " Richard Whitmire examines the gap between the education of boys versus that of girls , and why boys fall behind in school .
For more on the author , or to read his blog , click here .
Read a chapter from the book below , then click here to explore the " GMA " Library for more great reads .
Introduction
B E V M C C L E N D O N C L E A R L Y remembers the day she discovered the difficulties boys were having in her elementary school .
She and the other parents with children at Pearl Creek Elementary in Fairbanks , Alaska , had gathered for the spring awards ceremony .
Nestled into a wooded hillside and surrounded by homes that overlook the Alaska Range to the south , Pearl Creek is a school with a dream location and a student body to match .
With the University of Alaska as a neighbor , the school draws the children of professors as well as the sons and daughters of Fairbanks 's doctors and lawyers .
Parents here have ambitious plans for their children , which makes the spring awards day a big event .
This day had a beautiful start .
The birch trees had greened up the week before and temperatures rose enough to hold the picnic for the sixth graders outside .
Following the picnic about 150 parents filed into the school to sit on folding chairs facing a tiny elevated stage .
Sitting to the side on bleachers were the sixth graders about to be honored .
As the principal called out the awards , often given in clusters , the honored students climbed the stage to receive their awards .
'' It was very visual , '' said McClendon .
'' You would see one , two , three , four girls climb up to the stage and then walk off .
And then another three or four girls would be called up .
Here were all these little girls getting the awards . ''
Of the roughly twenty awards given out , it was pretty much a clean sweep of academic awards for the girls that day .
Wait , two boys won a ' ' most improved ' ' and a third boy got a good sense of humor / positive attitude award .
Ouch .
McClendon remembers saying to herself , '' Oh , that 's horrible . ''
It 's not as if the school did n't see this coming .
In the days prior to the awards ceremony , school counselor Annie Caulfield realized she had a problem .
Awards that normally went to one boy and girl , such as the American Legion prize , were instead going to two girls .
The prospect of a potentially embarrassing girl weep caused Caulfield to check on past awards .
'' Over the last eight years we 've seen gradual changes , with more girls winning , and then ' bam . '
This year was so blatant , so one - sided .
I encouraged the teachers to go back and look again , but they felt this is what it needed to be . ''
What keeps boys off awards stages is a combination of academics and behavior ; they do n't earn perfect grades and they are more prone to playground tussles .
While those boy / girl differences have held for decades , something has happened in recent years to accelerate the problem .
McClendon has few regrets her son did n't get an award that day .
He gets plenty of accolades .
But what about the other smart boys at Pearl Creek ?
Other parents of boys , especially those with younger boys in the school , appeared worried that day .
'' I 'm a staunch feminist , but my God look at what they 're doing .
You can't tell me there were no boys in that school who deserved an award . ''
To avoid this situation in the future , school officials faced a dilemma : either they start practicing affirmative action for boys or suspend the awards ceremony .
They chose the latter .
Pushing the problem from public view to avoid another embarrassing clean - sweep ceremony , however , falls short of a long - term solution .
This is not a local problem confined to Pearl Creek Elementary .
Boys falling behind in school are both a national and international phenomenon involving far more than playground roughhousing .
In the United States , the problem is most obvious in high poverty urban schools , where boys are losing sight of the girls .
In Chicago , the girls at Gen. George Patton Elementary School outpaced the boys by fifty - five points on the 2007 state reading tests .
Boys are four and a half times as likely as girls to get expelled from preschool and four times as likely to suffer from attention - deficit disorders .
In state after state , boys are slipping behind girls in math scores on state exams — which steps on all the conventional wisdom about boys excelling in math — while falling far behind girls in reading .
And while the problem is most serious in poor neighborhoods , the awards day snapshot offered up by the upper - income Pearl Creek Elementary is mirrored in middle - and upper - middle - income schools around the country .
Most worrisome , boys ' academic ambitions have skidded .
As recently as 1980 more male than female high school seniors planned to graduate from college , federal surveys of high school seniors told us .
By 2001 , however , girls moved ahead of boys on that question by a startling eleven percentage points ( updates to that survey show the gap persists ) .
What happened to boys in those twenty - one years ?
Answering that question is what this book is about .
Those flagging ambitions explain the dramatic gender imbalances unfolding on most college campuses , many of which hover near a 60 – 40 balance favoring women on graduation day .
Why are the gender imbalances worse on graduation day ?
Because men are both less likely to enroll and more likely to drop out before earning degrees .
The journey to find the answer to the question of why this is happening began more than a decade ago when , like every other education reporter at the time , I bought into the reports that schools were treating girls unfairly , shunting them aside in favor of aggressive boys thrusting their arms into the air to answer teachers ' questions .
As the father of two girls , I was outraged , and I wrote those stories uncritically .
By hindsight , we now know that that research was flawed .
I was wrong to write those stories .
As my own daughters matured past the elementary school years , I began to witness just how wrong those reports were .
My nephews never seemed to fare as well as my nieces .
The brothers of our daughters ' friends rarely did as well as their sisters .
The proof was playing out in the college enrollment and graduation numbers , where women increasingly dominated : Boys , not girls , were the ones struggling in school ; men , not women , were falling behind in college graduation numbers .
And these are not just poor minority boys falling behind .
Plenty of them come from schools such as Pearl Creek Elementary .
Thanks to a reporting fellowship at the University of Maryland , I began a query into this issue that would persist for many years and include the launching of a website / blog , whyboysfail.com .
I quickly discovered that the boy troubles are international and that several countries , including Australia , are far ahead of the United States in probing the roots of the mystery .
The journey to answer the question of why boys suddenly lose interest in school eventually led me to Australia , where the government sponsors research that schools use to buck up the boys , who , like the boys in the United States , lag well behind the girls .
In just one year , using techniques such as switching to a reading program that relies more on phonics , breaking the curriculum into manageable '' chunks ' ' to help the organizationally challenged boys , introducing some single - sex classrooms , and arranging parent - teacher conferences well before exams rather than after the tests to give parents a heads up if their children were in trouble , Blue Mountains Grammar evened out the gender imbalances among its best students .
At Blue Mountains Grammar , these were not trial - and - error experiments .
Rather , they were based on results of a federal investigation into the boy problems that were released in 2003 .
The cause of the boy troubles Australian investigators settled on is relatively uncomplicated and mirrors the cause already identified by Britain , Canada , New Zealand , and other countries that have researched the issue :
The world has become more verbal , and boys have n't .
Boys lack the literacy skills to compete in the Information Age , a theme that will be explored in greater depth in later chapters .
College has become the new high school , and the currencies of any education after high school are verbal skills and the ability to read critically and write clearly .
That explains both the recent nature of the problem and its occurrence in so many countries around the world .
The lack of literacy skills , especially the ability to write well , also helps explain why fewer men go to college and , once there , are less likely than women to earn degrees .
The boy problems in Australia are n't any worse than the boy problems in the United States .
They appear quite similar , as do the boy problems in other Western countries .
What makes the United States unique is its relative indifference to the issue .
Here , the U.S. Department of Education has yet to launch a single probe into the problem .
No doubt , the department is influenced by critics who say the gender gaps are just another manifestation of the long - standing problems of race and poverty .
As a separate issue , the ' ' boy troubles ' ' are mostly a myth , they argue .
It 's true that the gender gaps are starkest in the large urban school districts .
In July 2009 the Center for Labor Market Studies at Northeastern University released a study that tracked the students who graduated from Boston Public Schools in 2007 .
The conclusion :
For every 167 women in four year colleges there were only 100 males .
Is poverty the cause ?
The male and female students came from identical homes and neighborhoods .
Is race the issue ?
That 's not what the study uncovered .
In fact , black females were five percentage points more likely to pursue any further study after high school — community colleges , four - year colleges , or technical / vocational schools — than white males .
'' Public policy concern over these gender gaps has been quite minimal to date , '' said Andrew Sum , director of the Center .
'' The issue needs immediate attention given the dramatic consequences these gender gaps have for men's earnings , their marital possibilities , the share of children being raised in single - parent families , and the fiscal outlook for the nation . ''
And yet parents and schools yet no help from the federal education department , leaving local educators on their own as they struggle with faltering boys .
Worse , parents and educators are forced to sort through the swarm of what 's - wrong - with - boys books , magazine articles , seminars , and TV shows .
There 's no shortage of solutions offered up by experts .
Problem is , my reporting suggests that most of the solutions are inadequate .
Parents lose regardless of which ' ' solution ' ' they choose .
Step into any teachers ' lounge and you 'll hear the usual explanations for the gender gap : Boys mature slower .
Girls ' brains are hardwired to be better book learners .
And then there are toxic - culture explanations :
The lure of rap music and Grand Theft Auto traps boys but not girls , they explain .
Others point fingers at the larger society , saying that boys ' unquestioning embrace of male - macho values stifles the introspection needed to develop verbal skills .
One theory that wins a lot of chin nodding both inside and outside teachers ' lounges is the anti-academic message of hiphop culture .
Some researchers can even chart the overlap of the rise in hiphop and the decline in classroom performance of black males .
That 's only a down payment on the list of the suggested triggers behind the boy troubles .
Check any topic listing of popular magazines or books about the boy troubles and you 'll see even more :
It 's the disappearance of male teachers ; it 's a need for single - sex classrooms .
Many of the explanations come complete with charts , graphs , and dramatic snapshots of the male brain in action :
Boys are falling behind as a result of schools failing to embrace ' ' brain - based ' ' learning theories about how boys and girls absorb information in entirely different ways , we are told , a prescription that comes complete with recommended classroom temperatures .
Boys , we 're advised , prefer cold , dark classrooms .
( That actually makes sense , given that it pretty much describes the cold , cluttered home - office study where I 'm writing this . )
Other explanations require a background in Freud to truly comprehend : Boys are falling behind because mothers cut the apron strings too early , we 're told , leaving needy sons bereft of the nurturing love they so badly need , which dooms some to spin out of control .
Most theories about boys falling behind have some truth to them , but until American educators agree on the primary cause of the boy troubles , they risk wasting their time .
Let me offer a typical example of how local educators explain the growing gender imbalances .
In January 2009 , the Pittsburgh Tribune - Review ran a story about more women than men going to college in that state :
In 2007 , some 78 percent of Pennsylvania 's female high school graduates chose to attend two - and four - year colleges as opposed to the slightly less than 68 percent of boys who did so , according to the state Department of Education .
Until the 1980s , more men than women attended and graduated from college .
But by the 1990s , women had caught up , and soon they overtook men .
The article gets interesting when the reporter attempts to answer the ' ' why '' question .
Two reasons , local education experts say : Girls mature faster and women need college degrees more than men .
This is their logic ?
As the article pointed out , the entire phenomenon of boys falling behind is only about twenty years old .
In that brief time frame boys suddenly became less mature ?
The economic explanation , that women need college more than men , makes more sense and until recent years was true .
Women did get a greater salary boost from a degree .
The changing economy of today , however , has altered that , and it holds true now only on the anecdotal level .
According to the data experts at both the federal Education Department and College Board , men and women today get exactly the same benefits from a college degree .
The point is not to pick on Pennsylvania educators but rather to illustrate the lack of insight in this country about the boy troubles .
In Australia , when insightful educators decide to do something about boys lagging behind , they can draw on reams of government research about why it is happening and what can help .
They can also apply for a government grant to launch remedies .
Now contrast that with what happens in the United States when local teachers or principals decide to do something about the boy troubles .
I 'll answer that by relating the story of a trip I made to a tiny town in New Mexico , where I learned of a teacher who decided to do something about the boys struggling in his classroom .
THE POJOAQUE STORY
Anyone making the hot , high - speed drive from Santa Fe to Los Alamos passes through the tiny town of Pojoaque , which in Tewa means '' water drinking place , '' an odd name given that Pojoaque is surrounded by dry riverbeds most of the year .
Pojoaque ( rhymes with Milwaukee ) is an allaround unremarkable place .
Even the Native American–run casino looks drab and deserted .
As a result , drivers probably do n't notice the middle school buildings on the right just after leaving the highway to head for the distant mountains that frame Los Alamos .
And they would never guess that inside one of those fifth grade classrooms , Paul Ortiz is running an education experiment that for New Mexico is pretty exciting stuff : all boy classes in math and reading .
Ortiz 's single - sex experiment was born of a quirk .
One night as he was grading papers he realized he needed some background noise to concentrate and tuned in PBS .
'' I figured it would be some British movie , which for me is not very interesting . ''
Instead , Ortiz started listening to a documentary by Raising Cain8 author Michael Thompson , who was talking about the problems boys were having in school .
'' Needless to say I was hooked . ''
Ortiz knew all about boys having trouble in school .
The year before , he had had twelve boys in his class , half of them labeled as special education .
'' When I looked at these boys they did n't seem like special education students . ''
But when Ortiz checked with the front office he learned that was roughly average for the boys in the intermediate school — and about five times the rate for girls .
Ortiz was convinced the boys in his school were more reluctant learners than true special education students , and the PBS documentary gave him the idea he could do something for the boys of Pojoaque .
'' I came into the school and spoke to some people about it and the librarian told me that Newsweek had just published something about that . ''
In the Newsweek cover story about the problems boys were having , Ortiz read about a Colorado school experimenting with single - sex education .
Michael Thompson had cited single - sex classes as beneficial to boys in his PBS special .
'' I looked into it further and found it was legal to offer single - sex education in public schools .
I took two months to do as much research as possible and then wrote up a proposal and gave it to my principal , who was interested . ''
Eventually , Ortiz was able to launch his single - sex experiment .
But what 's striking about this story is that Ortiz had to figure out everything himself .
It was up to Ortiz to point out that boys were having unique problems in schools and then craft a solution — even though boys everywhere in New Mexico are falling behind , not just in Pojoaque .
On national tests , between 10 and 18 percent more boys than girls in New Mexico K–12 schools score '' below basic ' ' in reading and writing .
Sixty percent of the girls graduate from high school , compared to 53.5 percent of the boys .
Sixty - six percent of the students in special education are boys .
Sixty percent of the students held back each year are boys .
As has happened in the rest of the country , the K–12 problems in New Mexico are spilling over into college .
Over just the past ten years the percentage of males receiving bachelor 's degrees at public universities in that state fell from 45 percent to 41 percent .
Given the magnitude of the problem , it 's troubling that Ortiz was forced to rely on tidbits gleaned from a TV show and a Newsweek cover story .
Especially worrisome is that his school district , the state education department , and the U.S. Department of Education had no advice to offer him in setting up an intervention for the boys .
All this leaves Ortiz as isolated as Pojoaque itself .
'' Yeah , I 'm pretty much on my own , '' concedes the soft - spoken Ortiz .
'' It 's kind of scary at times . ''
What he came up with — single - sex classrooms , boy - friendly reading materials , and a freedom to move around a bit — seemed to be working during my visit in 2007 ; it was too soon for anyone to know , including Ortiz .
In the spring of 2009 , when I checked on Ortiz 's efforts , I heard good news , with the all - boys classes ( and all - girls classes ) outpacing the school average .
Ortiz appears to have chosen an educational path that is paying off .
But Ortiz and other educators determined to level the gender gaps should n't have to conduct trial - and - error experiments on their own .
We owe them an Australian - style federal investigation into the cause of the problem .
The Aussies are a long way from solving the gender gaps .
As I learned from the visit there , schools such as Blue Mountains Grammar are the exception .
Most are n't taking the government up on its offer to work on the problem .
But at least the Australians , starting six years ago , got schools willing to tackle the problem on an intelligent path .
In this country , we remain years away from even reaching the starting line to begin working on the problem .
The absence of federal attempts to deal with boys ' lagging academic ambitions creates an opening for a journalist to step in and evaluate what is being offered up to parents and educators about the boy troubles .
I will sort through the theories , weigh the evidence , and offer an opinion .
Always , I will try to stick with what reporters do best , which is investigate .
And I will abide by my Missouri roots :
Show me .
When I find schools where boys and girls both succeed at academics , I will draw lessons about what happens in those schools that is not happening in the many schools where boys lag far behind .
In the end , readers can decide for themselves what their neighborhood schools are doing , or not doing , on behalf of their sons .
To get started , let 's look at what we know about boys falling behind in school .
" Why Boys Fail : Saving Our Sons from an Educational System That 's Leaving Them Behind " by Richard Whitmire , AMACOM Books , January 2010 .
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " Web site .
A Timeline of the ‘ Lost ’ Universe
" Lost , " which began its final season on Feb. 2 , is n't just about plane crashes , polar bears , magical numbers and mysterious black smoke .
It 's also about choosing whether to surrender to destiny or to determine your own fate .
To keep track of which side ( i.e. Jack or Locke ) is winning , you need to see the results of their choices ; hence the show , and some of its characters , have been hopping around in time for several seasons .
Because this can get awfully confusing — did Desmond meet Faraday before or after Ben wiped out the Dharma Initiative ? — we 've arranged some major events of the show 's first five seasons in chronological order .
— MIKE HALE
A twin-engine Cessna piloted by a Tesla manager crashed into an East Palo Alto neighborhood today killing the pilot and two other Tesla employees on board .
Advertisement
According to the San Francisco Chronicle , the plane belonged to Doug Bourn , a senior electrical engineer for Tesla Motors .
Although it 's unclear whether or not he was on board at the time .
As we reported first earlier , two other Tesla employees were in the plane at the time of the crash .
Fox Business News reported earlier today Tesla CEO Elon Musk was not on board the plane , and that he 's calling this the " worst day in Telsa 's history . "
Later on , he issued a full statement , which can be read here at Wired .
According to Marty Padgett , the editor of The Car Connection , Tesla employees are reportedly " shaken . "
He also spotted a bus brought to the front of their facility .
We initially assumed it was to take shaken employees to a place where they could be consoled , but we 're now told the bus had people with name tags milling about around it .
We 've no idea what that could be about .
Advertisement
So what happened ?
According to SFGate :
Ian Gregor , a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration , said the plane was a twin - engine Cessna 310 that had taken off from Palo Alto Airport , about a mile to the southwest , and was bound for Hawthorne Municipal Airport in Los Angeles County .
FAA records show that the plane is registered to Air Unique Inc. of Santa Clara .
It was manufactured in 1976 .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A twin-engine Cessna crashed into electric transmission lines shortly after take - off from a small airport , exploding on impact , killing all three people onboard and crashing into an East Palo Alto neighborhood , authorities said .
No one on the ground was reportedly injured .
The crash has caused a power outage in the Palo Alto after the plane hit transmission wires .
@vmwarecares also claims they 've got a phone outage as well .
Advertisement
Daniel Morales , who told KTVU he had previously flown with the pilot , identified him as a high - ranking official at Tesla Motors and told a cameraman the other passengers were Tesla employees .
Neither Tesla Motors nor the authorities , however , have released the names of the victims .
NBC Bay Area tells us the IPO should be able to proceed as planned in the wake of this tragedy as the three dead were not " C - Suite " ( Chief Executive Officer , Chief Marketing Officer , Chief Operating ... , etc. ) executives requiring a new S - 1 filing .
Advertisement
This electric carmaker — a company that has done everything but paint its logo green in a bid to sell itself as environmentally - friendly — have had a penchant as of late for gas - guzzling private airplanes .
But that 's sort of been the Tesla way .
An electric car without compromising speed or style .
The roadster 's perfect for the Hollywood and Silicon Valley elite — environmental credibility without having to give up your private plane .
Last week , the love of private planes figuratively killed Tesla CEO Elon Musk 's public relations coup surrounding Tesla 's acceptance of federal tax dollars after the public learned he forced Tesla to reimburse him for 12 trips he took in his own jet .
Now , sadly , the love of private planes — even one as small as a Cessna — has taken the lives of three of Tesla 's own employees .
Advertisement
UPDATE : The San Jose Mercury News has identified the victims as : " Doug Bourn , 56 , of Santa Clara , a senior electrical engineer ; Andrew Ingram , 31 , of Palo Alto , an electrical engineer ; and Brian M. Finn , 42 , of East Palo Alto ; a senior manager of interactive electronics . "
7 ) Lactose Intolerant
6 ) Where 's the beef ?
nom nom nom meat
nom nom nom meat
5 ) Purring
4 ) Tortois Shells
3 ) Cat Crack
2 ) Speed
Domestic cats can run in bursts of up to 30 mph .
The fastest human Usain Bolt can only manage a measly 27 mph .
speed varies with model
speed varies with model
1 ) High six !
Cats are always depicted in cartoons as milk junkies , who will take any chance they can get to get at the white stuff .
In reality , it is true that most cats , both adult and young will drink milk when presented with it .
Most cats however , share a trait that some humans have : lactose intolerance .
Most feline professionals will tell you that not only is milk a bad idea , but it can also be dangerous for kittens because of the indigestion that it causes .
And like our fellow humans , you can buy specialty lactose free milk that are designed specially for cats !
Unlike dogs , cats do n't have taste buds for sugars .
This is reflective of their predatory ancestry .
Felines are predominantly predators so they do not require the need to taste sugars .
Cats that are purring are not necessarily happy .
Although cats do frequently purr when petted , the purring actually symbolizes strong emotions in general .
Cats frequently purr when they are in pain such as during birth or death .
Calico cats are cats that have 3 colors and are usually called tortoiseshells .
Almost all calico cats are females because a cat must have 2 X chromosomes ( XX ) in order to display 3 colors at once .
Males are XY , and therefore can only have 2 colors at most .
However , on very rare occasions , a genetic defect can occur where a male cat has 3 sex chromosomes .
These cats chromosomes look like XXY , and will be male but still have 3 colors .
Unfortunately , being genetic mutants , they are usually sterile and will not be able to reproduce .
Catnip comes from a variety of plants of the family Lamiaceae .
Cats usually go crazy and start behaving wildly , almost as if intoxicated .
If you 've ever seen cats in the presence of catnip , you would probably understand why people call it cat weed .
Approximately one third of cats are not responsive to catnip at all , and whether they do is dependant on genes and heredity .
There is some confusion as to how this plant actually affects the cats .
The active chemical in catnip was indentified as Nepetalactone , but the way it interacts with the cat 's brain is still unknown .
Some have suggested that the chemical may resemble feline sex hormones .
A cat 's front paws have 5 toes .
Their thumb is higher up than the rest of the toes .
The rear feet have 4 toes each .
Sometimes , genetic mutations can make cats have upwards of 6 or 7 toes .
This condition is called polydactyl ( many - toes ) .
Television is football 's demiurge .
Depending on your view , it either brought the extraordinary wealth to the English game that allowed the Premier League to become one of Europe 's two principal leagues , or it distributed those resources so unequally that the title race has become a procession of the weary old usual suspects .
For better or worse , it sets the economics of the game , and dictates the rhythm of the footballing week .
So much is obvious , but what is rarely considered is that television could be shaping the way the game is played , and not necessarily for the better .
It sounds , admittedly , a touch far - fetched , but two of football 's most respected thinkers believe it to be true , and when Jorge Valdano and Arrigo Sacchi are in agreement , it is usually worth listening .
Killing the pause
For almost as long as football has existed , there have been complaints that it is too quick , that the skills of yesteryear have been supplanted by what , as early as the 1950s , the Austrian journalist Willy Meisl was terming " the fetishisation of speed " .
The likelihood is that the game will become ever quicker : Roberto Mancini , speaking at a conference in Belgrade , suggested that the tactical development of players was almost at its limit , but that the boundaries of their physical development were only just being pushed .
But for Valdano , the issue of speed is not merely to do with improved understanding of nutrition or physical conditioning .
" I heard [ the boxer ] Carlos Monzón 's trainer , Amilcar Brusa , explain that when a boxer fights on television , it 's crucial he throw many punches , regardless of where they land , " he said .
" That 's because television demands activity .
" It 's the same with football .
The game has become more intense than it needs to be .
In South America we have the concept of the ' pause ' in football , the moment of reflection which foreshadows an attack .
It 's built into the game , like music , which also needs pauses , drops in intensity .
The problem is that this does n't work in the language of television .
A moment of low intensity in a televised football game is seen by some as time to change channels .
So the game is getting quicker and quicker because television demands it . "
Valdano is a romantic , and is evangelical about the importance of the pause , but here perhaps he has a point .
It is probably not so direct a relationship as he makes out , but if television commentary and punditry creates - or at least reinforces - a culture in which thoughtful play is dismissed as boring and harum - scarum running and clattering tackles are praised as representative of the seductive hurly - burly of the Premier League , then ultimately that will have an impact .
The danger of the clip
Ask pretty much anybody to describe England 's third goal against Holland in Euro 96 , and they will speak of Teddy Sheringham dummying to shoot , then opening his body and laying the ball off for Alan Shearer to smash a controlled slice past Edwin van der Sar and into the top corner .
Which is fine , in as much as Sheringham 's lay - off demonstrated a fine awareness of his surroundings , great unselfishness and a deft touch , but the move began far earlier , and was glorious in its entirety .
Tony Adams won possession , anticipating and intercepting after Ronald de Boer had miscontrolled a Michael Reiziger clearance .
He strode forward , before letting Paul Gascoigne take over 10 yards inside the Dutch half .
He switched the ball left for Darren Anderton , and then received the return just in from the left touchline .
As Clarence Seedorf closed him down , he rolled the ball back with the sole of his boot , creating room for a jabbed ball inside to Steve McManaman , who played an exquisite chipped return , arcing the ball over Reiziger and into Gascoigne 's path as he made a forward charge .
Gascoigne showed great strength to hold off Aron Winter , barrelling into the box and drawing Danny Blind before stabbing the ball back with the outside of his right foot to Sheringham , who sensed Johan De Kock closing in and pushed the ball right to Shearer .
The point is that every bit of the move was brilliant , and McManaman 's chip to Gascoigne was a technically harder thing to do and displayed greater vision and imagination even than Sheringham 's lay - off .
But it is forgotten because of television 's habit of focusing on the money shot .
That is natural and understandable - the point of a highlight , after all , is to take only a few seconds - but the build - up , whether it includes a Valdanista pause or not , is vital , otherwise you end up in Charles Reep territory , focusing only on end results and not the processes by which they are achieved .
More damaging , though , is probably television 's habit of focusing on skill : the moody close up of Cristiano Ronaldo performing step-overs or of Zinedine Zidane pirouetting .
Skill is a good thing , of course , but it must be focused : there is no point in skill for skill 's sake , and when context is removed the sense is lost of why a player produced a trick at that moment .
The danger is that players become focused on their showreels at the expense of the game itself , or that young players learn how to flick the ball over their heads rather than learning about the shape of the game ( and shape is n't just a concern of defenders : I went to interview Samuel Eto'o once and found him watching what appeared to be a Middle Eastern league game on television .
I asked what it was , to which he replied that he did n't know , but that he would watch any football to study the pattern ) .
The focus on tricks is a trend only likely to be accentuated by programmes such as Wayne Rooney 's Street Striker , and the danger is that football produces a generation of posturing show ponies incapable of producing the incisive pass or making the right run .
All young players should remember the example of Sonny Pike , who joined Ajax in 1996 at the age of seven , heralded by numerous clips of him performing complicated keepie - up routines , but never kicked a ball in league football .
It is tempting , too , to wonder whether a player such as , say , Danny Murphy has suffered the opposite effect , never quite enjoying the recognition he deserves because he is not flashy enough .
Celebrity and the undermining of system
Sacchi maintains that tactics have not evolved since he led Milan to back - to - back Champions League successes in 1989 and 1990 , something he says is " remarkable , worrying " .
That is possibly an overstatement , for since then 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 has been popularised , 3 - 5 - 2 has spluttered into semi-obsolescence , and the false 9 and strikerlessness have flickered towards viability , and yet he is right to the extent that nobody since has been so dedicated to system .
Both Sacchi and Valery Lobanovskyi demanded the sublimation of the individual to the needs of the collective .
That took long , hard , boring hours on the training field , and players who were willing to perform unglamorous tasks for the good of the team .
In that , Lobanovskyi was probably helped at Dynamo Kyiv by the prevailing ideology , but it was arguably Sacchi 's greatest achievement at Milan that , at least initially , he persuaded the likes of Marco van Basten and Ruud Gullit to put their egos to one side .
It seems logical that the increased sophistication of data collection since then should have led to increasingly sophisticated systems , but it has not .
For that there are two reasons : firstly , the increased number of games brought about by the expansion of the Champions League has led to a general acceptance of the desirability – probably the necessity – of rotation ; and secondly , the increasing self - importance and contractual flexibility of players means many are unwilling to so submit themselves to a manger 's demands .
Television , of course , has played its part in both developments .
Rotation means that players do not generate the same mutual understanding as they did when teams regularly went unchanged - or switched only a player or two - from week to week .
It is far easier for 11 to achieve a mutual understanding when being selected from a basic pool of 15 or so than from 25 .
An effective system only comes about after months of intensive practice , a factor that hindered both Lobanovskyi and Sacchi at international level .
But it is celebrity players with puffed - up egos and the freedom to walk out on clubs that Sacchi sees as the real problem .
" Today 's football is about managing the characteristics of individuals , " he said .
" And that 's why you see the proliferation of specialists .
The individual has trumped the collective .
But it 's a sign of weakness .
It 's reactive , not pro-active . "
That , he believes , is the fundamental flaw in the galacticos policy at Real Madrid , where he served as director of football between December 2004 and December 2005 .
" There was no project , " he explained .
" It was about exploiting qualities .
So , for example , we knew that Zidane , Raúl and Figo did n't track back , so we had to put a guy in front of the back four who would defend .
But that 's reactionary football .
It does n't multiply the players ' qualities exponentially .
Which actually is the point of tactics : to achieve this multiplying effect on the players ' abilities .
" In my football , the regista - the playmaker - is whoever had the ball .
But if you have [ Claude ] Makélélé , he can't do that .
He does n't have the ideas to do it although , of course , he 's great at winning the ball .
It 's become all about specialists .
Is football a collective and harmonious game ?
Or is it a question of putting x amount of talented players in and balancing them out with y amount of specialists ? "
Whether the second galacticos era follows the same path as the first or not , any success they have will be down not to a tactical plan but simply to weight of talent , and it is that which saddens Sacchi .
There is a sense that Real Madrid are a side bought not for how they will play together , but how they will look in the next advertisment .
That may be a sad reflection of a world increasingly driven by financial demands , but there is a positive : so long as the richest clubs are playing the football of the individual , smaller clubs playing the football of the team still have a chance .
Perhaps it has always been the case that the lust for glamour has sat uneasily with the game 's systematisation , but it is hard to avoid the conclusion that Sacchi is right .
Football may have developed in other ways , but in terms of a systematised approach demanding self - sacrifice from the components within it , his Milan stands as the evolutionary end - point , and television has played its part in that .
Apple in recent months has moved to procure significant quantities of LED camera flash components that could help the iPhone maker 's next - generation mobile handsets produce superior image and video captures in low - light situations , AppleInsider has learned .
The lack of camera flash technology has long stood as one of the iPhone 's glaring omissions .
Although the handset 's existing 3.2 megapixel camera produces surprisingly sharp and vibrant images when employed in sun-drenched scenes and aptly lit venues , its lack of flash often leads to disappointing , dark and grainy photographs in more dimly - lit scenarios .
In making the jump to the iPhone 3GS last spring , the Cupertino - based company was content in focusing on enhancements to the overall user experience of its mobile phone to maintain its high level of satisfaction amongst consumers .
Improvements to the device 's camera technology were limited to an updated image sensor capable of capturing 1.1 more megapixels , and software technology to improve the quality of motion photos and those taken in poor lighting .
Despite these changes , clarity in photos taken indoors and at nighttime continue to elude users , often leading to frustrating results or images that are completely blacked out .
A move by Apple to build flash technology into future versions of the iPhone makes more sense now than ever , especially given the increasing popularity of the device as an impulse point - and - shoot camera , as well as rising competition from rival handset makers who count camera flash technology on their handsets as an advantage over the iPhone .
For example , Palm's Pre , Motorola 's Droid and Google 's new Nexus One — seen by some industry watchers as contenders that could combine to potentially disrupt the iPhone 's staggering growth — each ship with LED flash technology .
And in the case of the the latter two , both include image sensors suited for capturing 5 - megapixels compared to the 3.2 - megapixel sensor on the iPhone 3GS .
People familiar with Apple 's initiative claim the electronics maker is seeking allotments of LED camera flash components in the tens of millions for delivery during the 2010 calendar year , meaning future iPhones — and possibly the iPod touch — are the most likely recipients of those parts , due to their sales volume .
Those same people say that Philips ' Lumileds Lighting sector is believed to be the front - runner for Apple 's business and may have already secured the design win .
The Amsterdam - based firm is well - regarded for its LUXEON LED camera flash technology , which was the first to combine the brightness of regular lighting with the long life and small footprint of LEDs .
The technology is commonly coupled with 5 + megapixel cameras and has seen shipments of over 200 million units worldwide .
A move by Apple towards the LUXEON components would also appear to jibe with rumors that the iPhone maker has placed orders with OmniVision , its current supplier of CMOS image sensors , for as many as 45 million 5 - megapixel parts for the next - generation of the handset due by late spring .
The company is also likely to leverage the iPhone 's ambient light sensor , in addition to providing a software switch , to ensure that the LED flash wo n't interfere in photos where it is n't needed .
Last week , the Highway Loss Data Institute released a report that examined whether collision claims had gone up , down , or stayed the same in states that have banned cellphone use while driving .
Their findings should have surprised no one , but seemed to have surprised everyone — crash rates did not go down after a hand - held cellphone ban took effect .
Why should this have been of little surprise ?
1 . A law does n’t automatically change human behavior .
Laws can be wonderful things , but they are only as effective as when people obey them .
This is often done with a stick — enforcement — rather than a carrot ( such as incentives for safe driving practices ) .
The laws have , according to the New York Times reporting on this study , reduced the use of hand - held cellphones 41 to 76 percent .
But these are not ongoing studies — they are a single data point in time .
Cell phone use may go back up after a ban if people believe the law is n’t being reliably or widely enforced .
We only need look at the lack of effectiveness of prohibition in the 1920s — or on the highways , the federal 55 MPH speed limit of the 1980s , or the mandatory use of safety belts — to see that laws do n’t always or automatically change human behavior .
It takes time , and some laws simply never catch on with the majority of citizens .
2. Insurance claims do n’t account for all accidents .
There is a mistaken assumption that everyone files a claim for any kind of automobile accident .
But this is simply not the case .
For minor fender benders and similar kinds of smaller accidents , neither party may file with their insurance company because their deductible is higher than the cost of repairs , or they may not want the black mark in their insurance file resulting in higher rates next year .
We do n’t know how this may have affected the numbers , as the researchers only looked at insurance claims , not police reports or other methods of obtaining additional accident data .
3. Research has always pointed to distracted driving , not cellphone use alone , as the problem .
The problem with hand - held cellphone bans is that they always identified a single type of distracted driving , leaving a dozen other distractions happily legal .
But the research in this area shows that it is all of these activities — not just hand - held cellphone use — that contribute to higher reaction times , and therefore increases the chances of someone getting into an accident .
So while banning a single type of distraction may seem to make sense on the face of it , it does n’t address the remaining distractions that take people ’s eyes away from the road — adjusting the radio or climate controls , reaching down to retrieve something that fell over or out of reach , primping or checking oneself out in the mirror , reading , or any of a number of dangerous activities .
Heck , even just talking to someone else while in the same car has been shown to be a potentially dangerous distraction ( and it hinders communication with the person you ’re trying to talk to anyway ) .
4 . As cars get safer , people take more risks .
What if , as Tom Vanderbilt suggests in his excellent book Traffic , as cars get safer , people take greater risks ?
It may be that as cars now have so many safety - related standard features — safety belts , airbags , center - mounted rear brake lights , safety cages , and anti-lock braking systems — people begin to take for granted that they can drive in whatever manner they ’d like , and still walk away from an accident .
Increased feelings of safety can push us , unconsciously , to take more risks .
Why else would a study of SUV drivers show that their drivers tend to , on average , drive faster than car drivers ?
Because an SUV driver feels more safe .
But it may also be that riskier drivers always will take greater risks and therefore remain just as likely to get into an accident .
Vanderbilt quotes Leonard Evans as suggesting “ that the most severe crashes happen to those not wearing their seatbelts . ”
In other words , laws like a cellphone ban are n’t likely to impact the people who are the ones that will account for most of the accidents to begin with .
* * *
Laws that ban hand - held cellphone use are well - meaning .
But like a lot of well - meaning actions , the results are not always what we might expect .
The introduction of anti-lock braking systems , for instance , was believed to help increase driver control of their car in an emergency situation and also result in fewer accidents .
However , data since ABS systems have been introduced have shown that the systems have had a negligible impact on crash numbers .
We simply are n’t very good at predicting the effects of such actions — like laws or new technology — meant to help .
* * *
I was disappointed to read some of the misinformation about this report that was passed along as “ fact ” by otherwise - respected news outlets .
For instance , Brennon Slattery claimed the current study “ only looked at 100 cars — hardly enough to gather substantial data leading beyond a flimsy hypothesis .
And , for you conspiracy theory types , it ’s worth reiterating that this study was funded by insurance companies , suits that profit off this kind of stuff . ”
Apparently PC
World does n’t bother having its bloggers check their facts ( because blogging about the story first is apparently what ’s most important ) .
The study did not look at only 100 cars .
And who funded the study has little impact on the actual data they are reporting .
Especially if you do n’t connect the dots as to how showing such bans do n’t reduce crashes somehow helps the insurance industry ( e.g. – insurance companies want people to crash more often ? ) .
Maybe PC
World should stick to reporting on …
PCs ?
Then The Christian Science Monitor ’s Andrew Heining repeated the same misinformation in his blog entry about the report .
How ’s that for citizen journalism ?
Read the HLDI report here : Hand - Held Cellphone Laws and Collision Claim Frequencies ( PDF )
Why Crash Rates Do n’t Automatically Fall with Cellphone Bans
January 27 , 2010
( updated below - Update II ) The Washington Post 's Dana Priest today reports that " U.S. military teams and intelligence agencies are deeply involved in secret joint operations with Yemeni troops who in the past six weeks have killed scores of people . "
That 's no surprise , of course , as Yemen is now another predominantly Muslim country ( along with Somalia and Pakistan ) in which our military is secretly involved to some unknown degree in combat operations without any declaration of war , without any public debate , and arguably ( though not clearly ) without any Congressional authorization .
The exact role played by the U.S. in the late - December missile attacks in Yemen , which killed numerous civilians , is still unknown .
But buried in Priest 's article is her revelation that American citizens are now being placed on a secret " hit list " of people whom the President has personally authorized to be killed : After the Sept. 11 attacks , Bush gave the CIA , and later the military , authority to kill U.S. citizens abroad if strong evidence existed that an American was involved in organizing or carrying out terrorist actions against the United States or U.S. interests , military and intelligence officials said .
. . .
The Obama administration has adopted the same stance .
If a U.S. citizen joins al - Qaeda , " it does n't really change anything from the standpoint of whether we can target them , " a senior administration official said .
" They are then part of the enemy . "
Both the CIA and the JSOC maintain lists of individuals , called " High Value Targets " and " High Value Individuals , " whom they seek to kill or capture .
The JSOC list includes three Americans , including [ New Mexico - born Islamic cleric Anwar ] Aulaqi , whose name was added late last year .
As of several months ago , the CIA list included three U.S. citizens , and an intelligence official said that Aulaqi 's name has now been added .
Indeed , Aulaqi was clearly one of the prime targets of the late - December missile strikes in Yemen , as anonymous officials excitedly announced -- falsely , as it turns out -- that he was killed in one of those strikes .
Just think about this for a minute .
Barack Obama , like George Bush before him , has claimed the authority to order American citizens murdered based solely on the unverified , uncharged , unchecked claim that they are associated with Terrorism and pose " a continuing and imminent threat to U.S. persons and interests . "
They 're entitled to no charges , no trial , no ability to contest the accusations .
Amazingly , the Bush administration 's policy of merely imprisoning foreign nationals ( along with a couple of American citizens ) without charges -- based solely on the President 's claim that they were Terrorists -- produced intense controversy for years .
That , one will recall , was a grave assault on the Constitution .
Should n't Obama 's policy of ordering American citizens assassinated without any due process or checks of any kind -- not imprisoned , but killed -- produce at least as much controversy ?
Obviously , if U.S. forces are fighting on an actual battlefield , then they ( like everyone else ) have the right to kill combatants actively fighting against them , including American citizens .
That 's just the essence of war .
That 's why it 's permissible to kill a combatant engaged on a real battlefield in a war zone but not , say , torture them once they 're captured and helplessly detained .
But combat is not what we 're talking about here .
The people on this " hit list " are likely to be killed while at home , sleeping in their bed , driving in a car with friends or family , or engaged in a whole array of other activities .
More critically still , the Obama administration -- like the Bush administration before it -- defines the " battlefield " as the entire world .
So the President claims the power to order U.S. citizens killed anywhere in the world , while engaged even in the most benign activities carried out far away from any actual battlefield , based solely on his say - so and with no judicial oversight or other checks .
That 's quite a power for an American President to claim for himself .
As we well know from the last eight years , the authoritarians among us in both parties will , by definition , reflexively justify this conduct by insisting that the assassination targets are Terrorists and therefore deserve death .
What they actually mean , however , is that the U.S. Government has accused them of being Terrorists , which ( except in the mind of an authoritarian ) is not the same thing as being a Terrorist .
Numerous Guantanamo detainees accused by the U.S. Government of being Terrorists have turned out to be completely innocent , and the vast majority of federal judges who provided habeas review to detainees have found an almost complete lack of evidence to justify the accusations against them , and thus ordered them released .
That includes scores of detainees held while the U.S. Government insisted that only the " Worst of the Worst " remained at the camp .
No evidence should be required for rational people to avoid assuming that Government accusations are inherently true , but for those do need it , there is a mountain of evidence proving that .
And in this case , Anwar Aulaqi -- who , despite his name and religion , is every bit as much of an American citizen as Scott Brown and his daughters are -- has a family who vigorously denies that he is a Terrorist and is " pleading " with the U.S. Government not to murder their American son :
His anguish apparent , the father of Anwar al - Awlaki told CNN that his son is not a member of al Qaeda and is not hiding out with terrorists in southern Yemen .
" I am now afraid of what they will do with my son , he 's not Osama Bin Laden , they want to make something out of him that he 's not , " said Dr. Nasser al - Awlaki , the father of American - born Islamic cleric Anwar al - Awlaki . . . .
" I will do my best to convince my son to do this ( surrender ) , to come back but they are not giving me time , they want to kill my son .
How can the American government kill one of their own citizens ?
This is a legal issue that needs to be answered , " he said .
" If they give me time I can have some contact with my son but the problem is they are not giving me time , " he said .
Who knows what the truth is here ?
That 's why we have what are called " trials " -- or at least some process -- before we assume that government accusations are true and then mete out punishment accordingly .
As Marcy Wheeler notes , the U.S. Government has not only repeatedly made false accusations of Terrorism against foreign nationals in the past , but against U.S. citizens as well .
She observes : " I guess the tenuousness of those ties don�t really matter , when the President can dial up the assassination of an American citizen . "
A 1981 Executive Order signed by Ronald Reagan provides : " No person employed by or acting on behalf of the United States Government shall engage in , or conspire to engage in , assassination . "
Before the Geneva Conventions were first enacted , Abraham Lincoln -- in the middle of the Civil War -- directed Francis Lieber to articulate rules of conduct for war , and those were then incorporated into General Order 100 , signed by Lincoln in April , 1863 .
Here is part of what it provided , in Section IX , entitled " Assassinations " :
The law of war does not allow proclaiming either an individual belonging to the hostile army , or a citizen , or a subject of the hostile government , an outlaw , who may be slain without trial by any captor , any more than the modern law of peace allows such intentional outlawry ; on the contrary , it abhors such outrage .
The sternest retaliation should follow the murder committed in consequence of such proclamation , made by whatever authority .
Civilized nations look with horror upon offers of rewards for the assassination of enemies as relapses into barbarism .
Can anyone remotely reconcile that righteous proclamation with what the Obama administration is doing ?
And more generally , what legal basis exists for the President to unilaterally compile hit lists of American citizens he wants to be killed ?
What 's most striking of all is that it was recently revealed that , in Afghanistan , the U.S. had compiled a " hit list " of Afghan citizens it suspects of being drug traffickers or somehow associated with the Taliban , in order to target them for assassination .
When that hit list was revealed , Afghan officials " fiercely " objected on the ground that it violates due process and undermines the rule of law to murder people without trials : Gen. Mohammad Daud Daud , Afghanistan 's deputy interior minister for counternarcotics efforts , praised U.S. and British special forces for their help recently in destroying drug labs and stashes of opium .
But he said he worried that foreign troops would now act on their own to kill suspected drug lords , based on secret evidence , instead of handing them over for trial .
" They should respect our law , our constitution and our legal codes , " Daud said .
" We have a commitment to arrest these people on our own " . . . .
Ali Ahmad Jalali , a former Afghan interior minister , said that he had long urged the Pentagon and its NATO allies to crack down on drug smugglers and suppliers , and that he was glad that the military alliance had finally agreed to provide operational support for Afghan counternarcotics agents .
But he said foreign troops needed to avoid the temptation to hunt down and kill traffickers on their own .
" There is a constitutional problem here .
A person is innocent unless proven guilty , " he said .
" If you go off to kill or capture them , how do you prove that they are really guilty in terms of legal process ? " . . .
So we 're in Afghanistan to teach them about democracy , the rule of law , and basic precepts of Western justice .
Meanwhile , Afghan officials vehemently object to the lawless , due - process - free assassination " hit list " of their citizens based on the unchecked say - so of the U.S. Government , and have to lecture us on the rule of law and Constitutional constraints .
By stark contrast , our own Government , our media and our citizenry appear to find nothing wrong whatsoever with lawless assassinations aimed at our own citizens .
And the most glaring question for those who critized Bush / Cheney detention policies but want to defend this : how could anyone possibly object to imprisoning foreign nationals without charges or due process at Guantanamo while approving of the assassination of U.S. citizens without any charges or due process ?
UPDATE : In comments , sysprog documents the numerous countries condemned in 2009 by the U.S. State Department for " extra- judicial killings . "
I trust that it goes without saying that it 's different ( and better ) when we do it than when They do it , because we 're different ( and better ) , but it still seems worth noting .
UPDATE II : James Joyner argues that this " hit list " policy is not much different than our drone attacks in Pakistan , which Obama has substantially escalated , and that " no one seems to be complaining about the President 's authority " to kill suspected Terrorists there .
Actually , there are substantial questions about the legality of those drone attacks , though the complete secrecy behind which the program operates makes those questions very difficult to address .
Beyond that , though , there 's a substantial difference between a government which ( a ) targets foreign nationals whom it claims are part of a enemy organization and ( b ) targets its own citizens for assassination without any due process .
They both have substantial legal and moral problems , and killing innocent foreigners is obviously no better than killing one 's own innocent citizens , but ( a ) is at least a fairly common act of war , whereas ( b ) -- as the U.S. Government itself has long argued -- is a hallmark of tyranny .
There 's a much greater danger from allowing a government to target its own citizens for extra-judicial killings .
Like Father , Like Son
Posted January 28 , 2010 at 7:00 pm
The neighbor in 1B is in for a shock when they come to get their plant .
By the time they show up , George will have corrupted Junior but good .
The Obama administration extended a special immigration status on Friday to Haitians living illegally in the United States that protects them from deportation for 18 months and allows them to work here .
Calling the aftermath of the earthquake “ a disaster of historic proportions , ” the secretary of homeland security , Janet Napolitano , said she was granting the designation , known as temporary protected status , for Haitian immigrants because their safety would be at risk if they were deported .
Administration officials said the special status would cover at least 100,000 Haitians believed to be living in the United States illegally , as well as about 30,000 Haitians who had been ordered deported .
Haitians who receive the temporary status will be able to obtain documents allowing them to live here and work legally .
The administration ’s decision followed a rising chorus of calls for the temporary status after the earthquake on Tuesday .
On Friday , 80 representatives and 18 senators , including Democrats and Republicans , sent appeals to the administration to grant the status , as did the conference of Roman Catholic bishops .
In web design , a jQuery carousel is an element giving visitors easy and visible access to several content items .
It is typically a dynamic scrolling list of items in horizontal order where previous and next items are partially visible .
The items , consisting of HTML content , images , videos etc. can be scrolled back and forth ( with or without animated transitions ) .
If you like jQuery plugins and javascript in general , make sure to check out the fully - licensed premium scripts found over at Envato Market .
Using sliding horizontal panels , known , as Carousels and Sliders , to feature top content , is one of the strongest web design trends over the last couple of years .
It is a very effective method to increase the web site usability and engage the user .
The reason for this trend is mainly the arrival of jQuery that have made it almost a “ walk in the park ” to add a jQuery carousel or a jQuery image slider plugin to a web site .
There are many great jQuery carousel plugins available today , and it is quite difficult to choose the best .
This article has been created specifically to help you get started using jQuery Carousels , but you may also jQuery Slider plugins .
This article was recently updated with new jQuery carousel plugins and all link where checked .
Disclosure : Please note that some of the links below are affiliate links and I will earn a commission if you purchase through those links ( at no extra cost to you ) .
I recommend that you do your own independent research before purchasing any product or service .
This article is not a guideline , a recommendation or endorsement of specific products .
[ exec ] $ filestr = file_get_contents ( ‘ https://www.tripwiremagazine.com/googleadsensebelowmoretag.inc’);echo $ filestr ;[/exec ]
j Query Carousel Plugin collection
RoyalSlider – Touch - Enabled jQuery Carousel
Royal Slider is a best selling plugin with more than 30.000 paying users .
It is easy to use and it has a beautiful responsive layout .
You will get a lot of useful features with this jQuery image gallery and content slider plugin .
It has touch screen support , animated captions and 3 different navigation options .
Royal SLider is perfect as image slider , website gallery , rotator for banners and carousel slider .
MORE INFO DEMO
Boutique carousel
This is a cool premium option for e.g. online shops to show off new products .
It is a ready to use jQuery carousel script used to present your images in a unique , smooth and customizable way .
You can easily customize the settings and use CSS to match your style and purpose .
MORE INFO DEMO
All in one jQuery Banner Rotator / Carousel
Want a carousel plugin that also solves all kinds of slider and banner rotator needs .
Then
All in one banner rotator could be the jQuery carousel plugin you are looking for .
This plugin is a premium option and a regular license cost $ 10 .
This jQuery script can be configured to work as content carousel , a banner rotator , thumbnails banner , banner with playlist and content slider .
All in one is responsive and it will adapt to fit mobile screens .
MORE INFO DEMO
TouchCarousel – jQuery Content Carousel – MORE INFO / DEMO
With TouchCarousel you get a premium carousel solution ( regular license cost $ 10 ) with a mobile - friendly design .
It is a lightweight jQuery script with touch navigation for spoiling mobile and tablet users .
MORE INFO DEMO
Layer Slider
This is a premium jQuery content slider using the famous parallax - effect to impress visitors .
It comes with a carousel skin but basically this is more a content slider than a classic carousel design .
It is possible to use images or any other HTML elements , including Flash movies as layers .
This allows you to build really amazing animations .
MORE INFO DEMO
Cloud Carousel – MORE INFO / DEMO
This jQuery carousel is a free carousel plugin .
It features optional auto - reflections , and the information contained in the Alt and Title tags of the images can optionally be displayed as you hover over each image .
The carousel features realistic perspective and rotate images in a 3D fashion .
MORE INFO DEMO
BX Slider
BX Slider is a responsive and very flexible jQuery HTML Content carousel and Slider .
This free option offers both horizontal , vertical , and fade transitions .
MORE INFO DEMO
Liquid Carousel
Liquid carousel is a jQuery plugin intended for adding a simple carousel to your web pages .
Every time the container of the carousel gets resized , the number of items in the list change to fit the new width .
MORE INFO DEMO
Agile jQuery Carousel
Highly customizable jQuery Carousel plugin so you can build according to your requirements .
JSON data format is used to provide easier integration with external data or data from your CMS .
Use it for agile web development .
This is an all new version written from scratch .
JQuery UI effects and the ability to read files on the server are no longer included .
New features are added , such as “ Control Sets ” which allow for a more customizable setup .
Now posted on Github for faster development .
MORE INFO DEMO
jCarousel
With this simple jQuery script , jCarousel , you get a simple carousel solution for sliding items in either horizontal or vertical order .
The items , which can be static HTML content or loaded with ( or without ) AJAX , can be scrolled back and forth ( with or without animation ) .
MORE INFO DEMO
Feature jQuery carousel
Feature jQuery carousel will always display three images at the same time in a classic carousel style .
All the rest of the images will be hidden behind the center image .
Users can navigate using paging or number buttons .
MORE INFO DEMO
jQuery Timeline Slider
Timeline Slider is a really cool plugin to build your history timelines .
It is a premium option .
Its main configuration can be easily customized due to its compact config parameters , directly from the html file .
Also more configurations can be edited through the css style sheet file .
Timeline Slider comes with 2 skins , Dark , Light , to make easy the integration on your web project .
The powerful jQuery library makes this component cross-platform .
MORE INFO DEMO
Rcarousel
rCarousel – yet another ( but super duper ) continuous jQueryUI carousel .
It has lots of features and good examples .
MORE INFO DEMO
Step jQuery Carousel Viewer
Step jQuery Carousel Viewer displays images or even rich HTML by side scrolling them left or right .
Users can step to any specific panel on demand , or browse the gallery sequentially by stepping through x number of panels each time .
A smooth sliding animation is used to transition between steps .
And fear not in taming this script to go exactly where you want it to - two public methods , two custom event handlers , and three “ status ” variables are here for that purpose .
MORE INFO DEMO
jMyCarousel
jMyCarousel is a free , highly customizable , non obstructive carousel written in javascript , based on jquery , and created to suit any need .
It enables to display a list or gallery of images in a dynamic way .
It can be adapted very easily to any layout , and the way it animates the picture is adaptable .
MORE INFO DEMO
Theatre Carousel
This is a premium jQuery Carousel that can do both horizontal and vertical sliders and in particular the horizontal carousel looks awesome .
MORE INFO DEMO
Thank you for visiting Tripwire Magazine .
Do n’t forget to share this post with your friends .
[ exec] echo get_avatar ( get_the_author_email ( ) , ’ 80 ’ ) ; [ / exec ]
Author : Dustin Betonio [ exec] the_author_description ( ) ;[/ exec ]
A poignant scribble from Jack ’s notebook ( as penned over coffee in a quiet café ) :
In the presence of death , all lesser fears recede .
As a constant companion , the reaper is not unlike a jealous angel , warding off demons with a casual glance .
As Thoreau so wisely urged : Simplify , simplify , simplify .
Rather than worry and fret over a great many small things , in other words , it is perhaps better to “ simplify ” and worry about just one big thing .
And then , beyond that , if the one big thing ( death ) becomes a comfortably accepted reality — and thus no longer a source of anxiety — one need not truly “ worry ” about anything at all .
There are at least two potential motives for focusing on death ( or otherwise entertaining a casual preoccupation with death ) .
One of these motives is bitter , egotistical and life - denying ; the other is pragmatic , joyous and life - affirming .
The life - denying motive typically contains an embedded “ woe is me ” component … a sense that life is not fair and the universe sucks .
The joyous motive , in contrast , is associated with loving life … in Jack ’s case , a love of life that runs so deep it hurts .
From this perspective , the recognition of loss – you are going to lose your life , you cannot hold onto it — becomes an exhortation to fully and truly live while one can .
( William Wallace : “ Every man dies .
Not every man really lives . ” )
Whether the life - affirming pragmatic result of accepting death means greater motivation to kick ass , a deeper desire to kick back , or a healthy combination of both , the point is to savor the flavor while we ’re here .
Steve Jobs expressed this concept masterfully in his Stanford University 2005 commencement speech :
No one wants to die .
Even people who want to go to heaven do n’t want to die to get there .
And yet death is the destination we all share .
No one has ever escaped it .
And that is as it should be , because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life .
It is Life ’s change agent .
It clears out the old to make way for the new .
Right now the new is you , but someday not too long from now , you will gradually become the old and be cleared away .
Sorry to be so dramatic , but it is quite true .
Your time is limited , so do n’t waste it living someone else ’s life .
Do n’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people ’s thinking .
Do n’t let the noise of others ’ opinions drown out your own inner voice .
And most important , have the courage to follow your heart and intuition .
They somehow already know what you truly want to become .
Everything else is secondary .
Whether the shoulder tap comes at age 33 or age 103 , life is too short for bullshit .
Once past the fright , amiable companion death is a friendly reminder of that .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The Art History of Games is a three - day public symposium in which members of the fields of game studies , art history and related areas of cultural studies gather to investigate games as an art form held at SCAD in Savannah .
The symposium opens today and continues until February 6th in the High Museum of Art ’s Rich Auditorium on the campus of the Woodruff Arts Center , 1280 Peachtree St. N.E. , in midtown Atlanta .
There Tale of Tales launches its first iPhone application , Vanitas .
Vanitas is a small virtual wooden box filled with objects that , juxtaposed next to each other , remind the player of their mortality .
It ’s a meditative piece without rules .
The only reward given to players is a golden star when three identical objects appear in the box .
Zoė Keating added musical ambience on solo cello .
As of today , Vanitas can be purchased in Apple ’s App Store for $ 1 .
A trailer , screenshots , information and credits are available on Tale of Tales ’s website .
Stefano Zannini , the head of mission for Doctors Without Borders ( Medecins Sans Fronteres / MSF ) in Haiti , spoke to reporters this morning about the organization 's operations in response to the catastrophic earthquake .
Following are my notes from this call , and from related emails with MSF staff .
Here 's a link for online donations to MSF .
• All 3 MSF medical facilities in Port - au - Prince , the capital city , were damaged in the quake : a health center in Martissant slum , the Trinity trauma centre ( 60 beds ) , and the Solidarité maternity hospital ( a 75 bed emergency obstetric facility ) .
Two new operating facilities will be set up in the next 48 hours , including an emergency inflatable hospital due to arrive in Haiti on Saturday ( like the one in the photo above — Maggie blogged about this earlier on Boing Boing ) .
• MSF staff have scavenged equipment from damaged hospitals and medical centers to augment resources at the Choscal hospital in the Cité Soleil district where operations are centered .
Materials and surgical equipment have also been salvaged from a free maternity hospital normally operated by MSF .
They are continuing to deliver babies , also .
The two other obstetric hospitals in the area were destroyed in the earthquake .
• MSF staff in Haiti have been working shifts of up to 24 hours straight since the quake hit 3 days ago .
They are exhausted .
The first MSF planes with supplies are now arriving in Port - au - Prince , bringing goods and reinforcement staff .
Some 40 tons of surgical equipment and sanitation treatment supplies to ensure clean drinking water are on the way .
• Many thousands of survivors are now homeless , or afraid to return to quake - damaged homes .
Everyone is seeking shelter .
People are sleeping in the streets , protecting themselves with blankets , or if they do not have blankets , covering themselves with plastic bags .
• The immediate focus for MSF teams is on expanding the ability to perform surgery for trauma victims , and responding to the incoming flood of victims who need immediate first aid for wounds .
MSF priorities in days to come : stabilizing wounded , referring more complicated cases to specialists , reinforcing staff teams , restarting obstetric care , and addressing mental health needs of survivors .
Also monitoring the need for food , clean water , and shelter .
MSF : " It is a race against time because infected wounds need rapid interventions .
Inflatable operating theatres , with more surgical specialists are en route .
But there are major issues of access and transport , with the staff delayed in the air and on the roads . "
• Survivors are trying to rescue their personal effects from their houses .
During the daytime , streets are crowded with people looking for help and trying to find their families .
Zannini : " I can see thousands of them walking in the streets , asking for help , asking for everything .
Trying to stop every car they see in order to get something to go on . "
• People are transporting patients on doors which are being used like stretchers .
Also transporting patients by car , truck and moped .
A few hospitals were not completely destroyed by the earthquake .
• Zannini : " In our hospitals , there are thousands of people waiting for surgery . "
• Lots of survivors with open fractures needing surgery .
First surgery last night was a complicated delivery of a baby .
Zannini : " I am very proud to share with you that we were able to save the life both of the baby and the mother . "
• Three things survivors need most right now : medical attention ( including surgery ) , food , safe drinking water .
• Zannini : there were hundreds of dead bodies at MSF facilities .
" Trucks from the Haitian government have come to retrieve them .
We have protocols about treating the bodies with disinfectants to limit the risk of infection spreading .
We do whatever we have to do … our primary role is looking after the [ living ] wounded . "
• Currently MSF 's teams are operating out of medical facilities that survived the earthquake .
The inflatable hospital structures should be arriving today , and will be set up as fast as possible .
These structures will include a surgery operating theater .
• Government trucks are going around the capital collecting dead bodies .
A reporter on the conference call asks about dead bodies and the spread of disease .
Zannini replies that MSF is focused primarily on surgical care : " Thousands of people need immediate surgical intervention . "
• How concerned is MSF team about the spread of disease from corpses ?
Avril Benoit , director of communications for MSF Canada : " We get qustions like that all the time after a disaster .
In our experience as a medical organization , we have rarely seen disease spread .
We are always concerned about it , keeping an eye on it .
After the hurricane in Gonaives [ Haiti ] , the major priority was clean drinking water … water and sanitation experts are on the way to Haiti now and will be working on that from MSF side and from other organizations … there is no question that clean drinking water is a priority right now , but risks of disease spreading are seldom seen . "
• Dr Mego Terzian , from an MSF emergency cell : " Triage , stabilisation of the wounded and referrals for surgical needs are the medical priorities .
The dead bodies represent a medical issue in the sense that it's a factor of stress for the survivors .
But in this context , as the cause of the death is not an infectious factor , there is no risk of epidemics linked to bodies . "
• Asked how operational the Haitian government is , Zannini replies : " We speak with other actors , we meet with them , but our priority now is on the patients . "
Asked about coordinating with the UN or other NGOS , Zannini replies , " We are focused around our teams . "
• 40 tons of supplies are on the way .
On Thursday , MSF team in Haiti received medical supplies including medicines / drugs via airplane .
The biggest needs at first were antibiotics , blankets , medical equipment .
" At the moment we have enough supplies . "
More supplies coming in .
" Most common problem is open fractures . "
• What materials are needed most in the field ?
" Equipment , drugs to stabilize patients . "
Avril Benoit : " We have also been able to recover some of the material from our damaged hospitals .
One cargo plane is due to arrive from Bordeaux , France , and another from MSF base in Panamá . "
• MSF has been operating 24 hours a day .
Staff have been working up to 24 hour shifts at a time in the immediate days following quake , but goal is to rotate staff in 12 - hour shifts .
Staff has drinking water and food , they are exhausted but coping as best they can .
MSF : " 25 new staff are expected to have joined the teams in Port au Prince by the end of today . "
• Psychologists are arriving soon to help with mental health needs of Haitian victims , and with the mental health needs of MSF staff .
But surgical activities are top priority right now .
• Zannini still expects more survivors to be rescued alive from damaged structures .
" It is impossible for me at the moment to know " how many more survivors may be recovered in coming days .
• Asked " When will it get better ? " Zannini replies , " It became better when we started surgical activity … we are full of patients … but as far as we are able to treat and stabilize and operate , things will [ continue to ] improve . "
( Special thanks to Pete Masters from MSF .
Photo : Inflatable medical village Doctors Without Borders set up in Mansehra , Pakistan .
Credit : Remi Vallet , via Discovery News . )
Two of the most common questions I ’m asked are , " Is having a computer security certification is helpful in getting a job or starting a career in computer security ? , and if so , " Which certification should someone get ? . "
The answer to the first question is a definite yes .
Getting a certification , while not a cumulative showing of your entire experience and knowledge in a particular area , can only help you .
That ’s true not only in getting a new job , but in improving your knowledge and experience overall , even in your current job .
Critics often say a certification means nothing , and that acumen and experience are the only true differentiators .
As a holder of dozens of IT certifications , I beg to differ .
More importantly , most employers agree with me .
While a computer certification does n’t tell the whole story , to say it does n’t say anything about a person is an error in the opposite direction .
Every certification I ’ve gained took focused , goal - oriented study , which employers view favorably , as they do with college degrees .
More important , I picked up many new skills and insights into IT security while studying for each certification test .
I learned about new things , and I also gained new perspectives on subjects I thought I had already mastered .
I became a better employee and thinker because of all the certifications I have studied for and obtained .
You will too .
Sometimes , a particular certification is the minimum hurdle to getting an in - person job interview .
If you do n’t have the cert , you do n’t get invited .
Other times , having a particular certification can give you a leg up on competing job candidates who have similar skill sets and experience , but do n’t have the desired certification .
Security is more important to computing and the internet than ever before , and the following , well - respected security certs will not only help you stand out from the crowd , but also make you a more valuable member of the IT security community .
IT Security Certifications
Here is a summary of some of the most desired IT security certifications .
The axe fell at CityTV today .
Sources tell us that on - air personalities Anne Mroczkowski and Lara DiBattista are gone as well as a number of writers , producers , editors and camera people .
35 full time staff in total .
Multiple shows have been canceled .
The list we have so far includes :
Anne Mroczowski
Laura Di Battista
Pam Seatle
Marian Dimain
Merella Fernandez
Farah Nasser
Michael Serapio
2 graphics
4 producers
2 assignment producers
7 camera
6 editors
1 cg
We 'll have more details here as we get them .
UPDATE 1
Lots of Twitter action on this one .
Follow the conversation here .
The best tweet has to go to the CTV PR department ( see screenshot of retweet below ) who I guess had second thoughts and subsequently deleted the tweet from their Twitter feed .
UPDATE 2
Also , the noon and 5 pm news shows are gone as is some weekend news and City News International .
UPDATE 3
CP24 just announced they have expanded their local news coverage
Photo by citynews.ca on Flickr
20 Things I already know about Apple 's iTablet / iSlate
Is n't that refreshing ?
Alt - Text : 21 .
It will make you coffee .
I 've gotten on a plane and flown to Indiana not once but twice to watch Notre Dame play football .
Basketball games , hockey games , golf -- you get the gist .
But I can't tell you I 've ever been more excited about a game than one that lasted five - and - a - half hours Thursday and ended in a tie .
The sport was chess .
If in everyday conversation you throw around terms like " zugzwang ' ' and " pawn island , '' you would have found the 59 - move contest riveting .
But even if you do n't , the storyline was irresistable .
Playing the white pieces was Hikaru Nakamura , the reigning U.S. chess champion and at 22 , perhaps America 's best hope for capturing the world title .
On the other side of the board was Magnus Carlsen , the 19 - year - old Norwegian phenom who is now the top rated chess player in the world .
Both are brilliant grandmasters on the rise .
Each wants to be world champion some day .
But the parallels end there .
Magnus is rooted in a European tradition , where the best players compete at the civilized pace of one round a day .
Hikaru grew up in the more freewheeling American chess scene , where the competition is uneven .
Top players may be paired against amateurs in large open tournaments where anyone can compete as long as they pay the entry fee .
The pace is grueling ; American grandmasters often must persevere through two or three rounds a day .
Think back to final exams and you get a sense of what 's required .
I spoke to Magnus 's father , Henrik Carlsen , about the differences between U.S. and European chess circuit .
" Certainly from what I 've heard , having tournaments where you have less days than the number of rounds is difficult , '' he said .
" At a certain level , you want to set conditions so that the best player wins .
And it 's not obvious that the best player is the one who is doing best if the situation is not optimal . ''
That argument made sense to me .
I 've interviewed U.S. grandmasters who say they prefer the playing conditions overseas .
But when I asked Hikaru to contrast the two , he stuck up for the American chess scene .
He said it has honed his tactical skill and combative spirit , forcing him to press for a win whether he has the black or white pieces ( in chess , black moves second and is thus at a disadvantage ) .
" In Europe , drawing with black and pressing with white is the standard , '' Hikaru told me , after finishing a game earlier in the week at the Corus Chess tournament here .
" Whereas in the American system , you pretty much have to play to win every single game .
And so it creates a certain style .
Overall , growing up with the American system you play more exciting chess and are much more aggressive .
I prefer that style of play to the European style . ''
Hikaru is considered a tactical whiz .
He likes speed chess , which tends to reward sharp play .
Magnus is considered more of a positional player in the vein of ex-world champion Anatoly Karpov .
Maybe not exciting , but deadly accurate .
So when these two faced off Thursday , it was a clash of chess cultures , playing styles -- even temperaments .
Hikaru is the more expressive of the two .
Watch him at the board and you get a pretty good sense what he is feeling .
Magnus is impassive , his emotions tough to read .
Hikaru arrived for the game first and sat down at the table , on an elevated stage reserved for the 14 grandmasters in the " A '' group .
Magnus showed up a few minutes later .
They shook hands , avoiding eye contact .
A gong sounded ( yes , a gong ) .
A half second before he made his first move as white , Hikaru dipped his head and closed his eyes .
Then he moved his king pawn two squares up the board .
The mood was tense .
My wife Clea is here with me and she described it this way : " The room is silent , but it 's as if inside their heads they 're all yelling . ''
Every few minutes a player gets up and paces back and forth on stage , glancing at other boards .
Pacing is as much a part of the tournament as thinking .
The Ukranian Vassily Ivanchuk , thick eyebrows twitching , started pacing even before the gong sounded .
The Hikaru - Magnus game was a complicated one .
Playing white , Hikaru was determined to win and for a time enjoyed a small advantage .
After making his 29th move , Magnus asked Hikaru if he wanted a draw ; Hikaru declined .
About mid-way through the contest I asked Dutch Grandmaster Hans Ree , who was in the press room , what he thought of the position .
At that point , Nakamura had an extra minor piece ( bishops and knights are minor pieces ) while Magnus had three more pawns .
When pawns reach the 8th rank , they can be converted into a queen .
So they 're dangerous in the endgame .
" I really do n't know , '' Ree said .
" I would tend to prefer white ( Hikaru ) . ''
The board was emptying as the players exchanged pieces .
I looked at a live analysis of the game on chessdom.com .
At move 43 , one commentator wrote : " It 's a draw .
Not enough material for win . ''
The analysts praised Magnus 's defensive skill .
He had neutralized Hikaru 's advantage , simplifying the game .
And the American champ knew it .
In the last half dozen moves Hikaru looked anguished .
Though it was his turn to move he would look down from the board , look away , shake his head and rub his forehead .
After the game I asked him what he was thinking in those moments .
" At that point I knew it was going to be a draw , '' he told me .
" I was thinking about earlier in the game -- about whether I had missed anything obvious .
That 's what I was thinking about at that point .
It was n't anything to do with the current position . ''
By move 59 , neither player had pieces with which to checkmate the other .
The game was drawn .
Hikaru believed he had a chance to win and let it slip away .
The game was complex -- " unbalanced , '' he said .
Such positions suit his style .
" I definitely had winning chances , '' he said .
" No question , because I was the one pressing more or less for the whole game trying to win .
I think at some point I went wrong .
...
Obviously , I 'm quite upset with the result , but it 's the way it goes . ''
Standing next to his father , getting ready to leave , Magnus said he made a " really stupid mistake ' ' on the 10th move , pushing a pawn in a way that was too " ambitious . ''
He downplayed the notion of a rivalry .
For all his potential , Hikaru is still 28th on the world rating list .
So for now , Magnus said , " I consider my main rivals to be ( world champion Vishy ) Anand , ( former world champion Vladimir ) Kramnik , and ( Levon ) Aronian .
But Hikaru is playing very well now , so I guess in a short time I will consider him one of my main rivals . ''
And a correction :
In a previous blog post I mentioned a " Tweet ' ' that had supposedly come from world champion Vishy Anand and that was posted on the Corus Chess website .
Anand told a reporter that the " Tweet ' ' did not come from him .
-- Peter Nicholas in Wijk Aan Zee , The Netherlands
Photo : U.S. chess champion Hikaru Nakamura ( left ) and the world 's top-rated player , Magnus Carlsen of Norway , make opening moves Thursday at the Corus Chess tournament .
Credit : Peter Nicholas .
For plants designed in a lab a little more than a decade ago , they 've
come a long way : Today , the vast majority of the nation 's two primary
crops grow from seeds genetically altered according to Monsanto company patents .
Ninety - three percent of soybeans .
Eighty percent of corn .
The seeds represent " probably the most revolutionary event in grain
crops over the last 30 years , " said Geno Lowe , a Salisbury , Md. ,
soybean farmer .
But for farmers such as Lowe , prices of the Monsanto - patented seeds
have steadily increased , roughly doubling during the past decade , to
about $ 50 for a 50 - pound bag of soybean seed , according to seed
dealers .
The revolution , and Monsanto 's dominant role in the nation's
agriculture , has not unfolded without complaint .
Farmers have decried
the price increases , and competitors say the company has ruthlessly
stifled competition .
Now Monsanto -- like IBM
and Google -- has drawn scrutiny from U.S. antitrust investigators , who
under the Obama administration have looked more skeptically at the
actions of dominant firms .
During the Bush administration , the Justice Department did not file
a single case under antimonopoly laws regulating a dominant firm .
But
that stretch seems unlikely to continue .
This year , the Obama Justice Department tossed out the antitrust
guidelines of its predecessor because they advocated " extreme hesitancy
in the face of potential abuses by monopoly firms . "
" We must change course , " Christine Varney , the Obama administration 's chief antitrust enforcer , said at the time .
Of all the new scrutiny by Justice , the Monsanto investigation might
have the highest stakes , dealing as it does with the food supply and
one of the nation 's largest agricultural firms .
It could also force the
Obama administration , already under fire for the government 's expanded
role in the economy , to explain how it distinguishes between normal
rough - and - tumble competition and abusive monopolistic business
practices .
Monsanto says it has done nothing wrong .
" Farmers choose these products because of the value they deliver on
farm , " Monsanto said in a statement .
" Given the phenomenally broad
adoption of these technologies by farmers , such questions are normal
and to be expected . "
Even with the growing cost , farmers have embraced the genetic
modifications because they save work and enable them to cultivate more
land .
The modified plants can stand up to the powerful herbicide
glyphosate , best known commercially as Roundup , allowing them to use
the weedkiller not just before planting but also after the crops have
come up .
" Everybody wants it , and Monsanto is seeing what the market will
bear , " said Lowe , 39 .
" People say that 's capitalism .
The question is ,
where does capitalism meet corruption ? "
Before it jumped into biotechnology , Monsanto was already one of the
nation 's largest chemical companies and had patented glyphosate ,
bringing it to market as Roundup in the '70s .
The product kills just about all weeds , and for farmers it served as
a wonderfully effective herbicide .
Instead of tilling the earth , they
could simply blanket it with Roundup .
Because the chemicals in Roundup
break down quickly in the sun and rain , seeds could be planted shortly
afterward .
It became one of the best - selling herbicides ever , and the seed
patents at the center of the antitrust allegations were built upon that
chemical 's appeal .
If there was a practical drawback with Roundup , it was that it
could n't be used after planting : Applying Roundup at that point would
kill the crops , too .
Scientists wondered : Could they develop plants that could withstand Roundup ?
The answer emerged , partly by accident , out of Louisiana muck .
Monsanto was producing Roundup at a plant in Luling , La. , and the
water and sludge in the waste ponds around the plant were exposed to
the chemical .
It was the perfect place to find organisms that could
withstand the chemical 's lethal effects .
After bacteria discovered in the pond sludge proved resistant to the
chemical , scientists isolated the gene that gave the bacteria Roundup
tolerance and placed that gene , known as CPS4 , into soybeans , then
corn .
The resulting plants , called " Roundup Ready , " represented a
billion - dollar breakthrough and , as Monsanto sees it , a just reward for
its $ 1.5 billion investment in biotech research .
" During the same period , our competitors . . . largely ignored
biotech , " the company said in a statement .
" Monsanto took risks our
competition chose not to take . "
Although farmers have grumbled about Monsanto 's regular price
increases for Roundup Ready technology for seeds , it is DuPont , a
Monsanto rival , that has pressed the antitrust case .
Farmers and seed companies " are afraid to speak in public , worried
that they will become victims of retaliation , " Thomas L. Sager , DuPont
senior vice president and general counsel , said in a statement .
" That 's
why it 's so important that antitrust investigators move quickly -- to
learn the truth before even more harm is done to America 's farmers . "
In court papers , DuPont argues that Monsanto has used the dominance
of the Roundup Ready brand to prevent competitors from bringing
innovations to market .
In its view , Roundup Ready is so popular that any new biotech
innovations must be designed to work with Monsanto 's technology .
But
Monsanto effectively freezes out the competition , it says , by making it
difficult for other companies to win a license to add their traits to
Monsanto - patented seeds .
" Monsanto has abused its unlawfully - acquired monopoly power to block
competition , thwart innovation and extract from farmers unjustified
price increases of over 100 percent in recent years , " DuPont argues in
court documents .
A recent paper by Diana Moss of the American Antitrust Institute
broadened the antitrust case against Monsanto and called for legal
enforcement , citing " an almost intractable situation for competition . "
The institute has taken donations from DuPont but does not cater to its
donors ' viewpoints , officials said .
Monsanto says that the allegations of stifling competition are " without merit " and that it broadly licenses its technology .
" We license Roundup Ready technology to hundreds of independent seed
companies and our major competitors , " Lee Quarles , a company spokesman
said .
The company wo n't license Roundup Ready without restriction ,
however , because it wants to ensure that any other traits that are
stacked onto the Roundup Ready seeds actually function as promised , a
precaution that protects their brand and their customers , Monsanto
officials say .
Out in the fields , meanwhile , there remains resentment and wonder about the Monsanto - patented seed .
According to Moss , the price of seed from 2000 to 2008 outpaced the growth of crop yields by 2 to 4 percent a year .
Several farmers said the cost of Roundup Ready seeds seemed to rise
faster than their own margins .
But that does n't mean , at least just
yet , that they 'll stop using them .
" Everybody likes Roundup Ready , " said William Layton , a grain farmer
on the Eastern Shore .
" Maybe it costs a little more than we like .
But
everybody 's going to keep using it . "
AMP Section Name : Food and Agriculture
An attack on a student group sympathetic to the Palestinians occurred at the University of Western Ontario in 1982 .
The group was refused official recognition because of its support for the Palestinians and for sponsoring Palestinian and Arab speakers .
After this refusal a complaint was made to the Ontario Human Rights Commission .
After a long battle , and with the support of the Canadian Civil Liberties Association and its General Counsel Alan Borovoy , and a supportive editorial in The Globe and Mail , the Ontario Human Rights Commission compelled the University Students Council at the University of Western Ontario to issue a statement of regret and to ratify the student group .
The refusal was deemed discriminatory against Palestinians and persons associated with them .
( See " The Palestinian Question at the University : The Case of Western Ontario , " American - Arab Affairs , Summer 1987 . )
Over the last few years there has been a concerted attempt to suppress discussion of the Palestinian issue in North America , as well as campaign to punish those who have spoken out in support of the Palestinians by cutting funding and by denying them tenure and even getting them terminated from their positions of employment .
Two well - known examples of firings are the campaigns that targeted Jewish professors Norman Finkelstein , author of many books on Israel and Zionism including Image and Reality of the Israel - Palestinian Conflict , and Joel Kovel , author of Overcoming Zionism : Creating a Single Democratic State in Israel / Palestine .
Another tactic is to smear individuals supportive of the Palestinians with allegations of antiSemitism .
One such individual was Archbishop Desmond Tutu .
A few complaints from the mainstream Jewish community led to the Nobel Prize Laureate being banned from speaking on campus by the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota .
Marv Davidov , an Adjunct Professor with the Justice and Peace Studies program at the University of St. Thomas said , " As a Jew who experienced real antiSemitism as a child , I 'm deeply disturbed that a man like Tutu could be labeled antiSemitic and silenced like this " .
I deeply resent the Israeli lobby trying to silence any criticism of its policy .
It does a great disservice to Israel and to all Jews . "
As a result of the strong backlash against the decision , and a campaign led by Jewish Voice for Peace in support of the Archbishop which produced more than 6,000 letters of protest , the University rescinded the ban .
Professor Bill Robinson was a target of a similar campaign over alleged anti-Semitism which was waged to get him fired at the University of California Santa Barbara ( UCSB ) .
Ultimately the University administration defended Robinson 's academic freedom and the right to express his opinions in his global politics class .
Robinson , who is Jewish , had distributed an e-mail prepared by a pro-Palestinian Jewish activist that compared the Israeli attack on Gaza to the Nazi attack on the Warsaw Ghetto .
In response to this attack on Professor Robinson , more than 100 UCSB faculty members signed a petition asking the university to dismiss the charges against him .
In addition , 16 university department chairs wrote letters to the University authorities asking them to dismiss the case against Robinson .
The campaign to silence critics of Israel is a violation of free speech , academic freedom and of Palestinian human rights .
When carried out by the government , it is also a violation of basic democratic rights .
A recent example is the cutback to the Canadian Arab Federation 's funding by Citizenship and Immigration Minister Jason Kenney .
The punitive action taken by Minister Kenney is a denial of the rights of free speech and freedom of conscience guaranteed in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Documentation of Israeli human rights violations on the part of respected organizations such as Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , The International Red Cross , the United Nations , and even Israeli organizations such as B'Tselem , Rabbis for Human Rights and the Israeli Committee Against Torture and by many Israeli journalists , are attacked and buried under a barrage of criticism that they are biased , unfair for singling out the Jewish state , or even anti-Semitic .
My own record as a lawyer representing refugee claims for Palestinians from the OccupiedTerritories made against Israel , is 28 positives to one negative , or a 96.5 % success rate .
But in the eyes of the supporters of Israel , this does not mean that there are serious human rights problems in the OccupiedTerritories .
It is the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada that is " anti-Semitic , " and the Jewish members of the IRB who rendered positive decisions on Palestinian refugee claims are " self - hating Jews . "
Israel 's citizenship and immigration procedures are unique in the world .
To qualify as a " Jew " in " the Jewish state " one must meet a racial or ethnic criterion or alternatively a religious criterion .
The Law of Return grants almost immediate citizenship rights to Jews from anywhere in the world .
Palestinians who were born in the country and forcibly expelled are , for the most part , forbidden to return .
The ZionistState of Israel defines itself as " Jewish " and structures itself to advance the interests of Jews at the expense of non-Jews , and especially against the indigenous Christian and Muslim Palestinian population .
In March 1919 , United States Congressman Julius Kahn presented an antiZionist petition to President Woodrow Wilson as he was departing for the Paris Peace Conference .
The petition was signed by 31 prominent American Jews .
The signatories included Henry Morgenthau , Sr. , exambassador to Turkey ; Simon W. Rosendale , exAttorney General of New York ; Mayor L. H. Kampner of Galveston , Texas ; E. M. Baker , from Cleveland and president of the Stock Exchange ; R. H. Macy 's Jesse I. Straus ; New York Times publisher Adolph S. Ochs ; and Judge M. C. Sloss of San Francisco .
The petition read in part : " We protest against the political segregation of the Jews and the reestablishment in Palestine of a distinctively Jewish State as utterly opposed to the principles of democracy which it is the avowed purpose of the World 's Peace Conference to establish .
Whether the Jews be regarded as a " race ' or as a " religion , ' it is contrary to the democratic principles for which the world war was waged to found a nation on either or both of these bases . "
The argument is often made that criticism of Israel , or rather the self - described " Jewish state , " is antiSemitic .
The fact that many Jews have criticized Israel and Zionism is deemed irrelevant .
These Jewish critics are attacked as " selfhating Jews . "
There is no rational basis for the argument that criticism of the State of Israel and the political ideology of Zionism is antiSemitic .
No state is above criticism .
It makes no sense to accuse an individual who criticizes Apartheid South Africa 's racist policies toward the blacks as evidence of racism toward whites .
It would be equally absurd to argue that if one criticizes U.S. policy in Iraq , or the Jim Crow laws that institutionalized discrimination against African - Americans in the southern states , that one is racist against Americans .
There is also much to criticize in the Arab world , but it would be absurd to say that one cannot criticize the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for its treatment of women or its human rights record , because such criticism is racist toward Arabs or is anti-Muslim .
No one would take seriously a person who made such an argument .
To quote one American Jewish academic on the comparison of Israel 's treatment of the Palestinians to the racist Jim Crow laws in the United States : " I grew up as a white girl in the Jim Crow South and I have spent my adult life in the study of racism ; what I see when I go to Palestine is Jim Crow on steroids " ( " A Jewish state -- or Jewish values ? , " Tema Okun , Mondoweiss , 21 July , 2009 ) .
It is a basic right to evaluate a political ideology or movement and review and even criticize a state 's policies .
The argument should be evaluated on the merits and truthfulness of the facts presented .
It is also a right to present alternative facts and to have a debate .
But when those on one side want to avoid debate , divert the discussion or suppress the topic , and launch personal attacks against their opponents , it is an almost certain proof that they are hiding some uncomfortable truths .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 ( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
2 2 2
Rate
It | View Ratings
Edward C. Corrigan Social Media Pages :
EDWARD C. CORRIGAN SHORT BIO Edward C. Corrigan holds a B.A. in History and a Master 's Degree in Political Science from the University of Western Ontario .
Ed also has a Law Degree from the University of Windsor and was called to the Bar of the ( more ...
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Freshwater fish take up chemicals from the surrounding water through their gills
Biologists have cast doubt on the long - held theory that fish gills evolved primarily for the purpose of breathing .
The researchers studied the development of gills in rainbow trout larvae .
Their experiment suggests that it is likely that fish evolved gills for the primary purpose of regulating the chemicals in their bodies .
The team reports in the Royal Society journal Proceedings B that this developmental study gives an insight into the evolution of fish gills .
Clarice Fu , a zoologist from the University of British Columbia in Canada , led the study .
She and her colleagues found , as the larvae matured , their gills developed the ability to regulate the chemicals in their blood earlier than they began to take up oxygen .
To discover this , the team measured the uptake of ions , which are charged chemical particles , such as sodium .
These ions are necessary for the body 's cells to function , but they become toxic if their levels in the blood become too high .
Ms
Fu explained that fish take up these ions from the surrounding water , to " maintain this delicate ion balance in their blood " .
" In freshwater fish , like rainbow trout , they tend to lose ions from their blood to the water , because the ion concentration in blood is greater than that of freshwater , " she said .
The team took measurements from the gills of young , developing rainbow trout to find out what functions they were performing .
" When the gills are still immature , a significant portion of ion uptake occurs at the skin .
As the fish get older and the gills mature , [ this ] can gradually shift to ... the gills , " said Ms Fu .
" We found that ion uptake shifted from the skin to the gills earlier than oxygen uptake .
This led us to propose that the gills are needed for ion regulation earlier than they are needed for oxygen uptake . "
Watching evolution Ms Fu told BBC
News that the " pressures " on developing larvae are similar to evolutionary pressures .
" Some of these pressures include an increasingly active lifestyle , greater body size , increasingly thicker skin , " she said .
Scientists often study larval development to investigate evolution .
Ms
Fu explained that , as the larvae developed , the pressures drove ion exchange to the gills before the animals started to breathe through their gills , so the same thing may have happened as the fish evolved .
Professor Rick Gonzalez , from the University of San Diego in the US , studies the physiology of aquatic animals .
He described the study as a " very interesting first step " , but said it was n't clear if it answered the question of why fish evolved gills .
" Gills combine some of the functions of the lungs and kidneys in mammals , which leads to interesting interactions of function , " he told BBC News .
" The physical and chemical nature of the water can play an important role in their function .
So how these all work together to get the various jobs done is very interesting and offers insight into how natural selection works . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We are Flex
Our purpose is to make great products for our customers that create value and improve people ’s lives .
We help a diverse customer base design and build the products that make the world a better place .
Through the collective strength of a global workforce across 30 countries and responsible , sustainable operations , we deliver technology innovation , supply chain , and manufacturing solutions to various industries and end markets .
Our vision is to be the most trusted global technology , supply chain and manufacturing solutions partner to improve the world .
Over the last few weeks I ’ve been soliciting tips , tricks and best practices from successful bloggers – asking them what their best advice is when it comes to making money with a blog .
Many of them were kind enough to respond with some great answers .
So here they are !
Let ’s jump right in and get advice from successful bloggers .
Advice On How To Make Money With A Blog – From Successful Bloggers
Jim from WalletHacks.com talks about making sure you ’re focusing on the right things when you start ( and that ’s probably not the money ) :
The key to creating a successful blog has to do with establishing the right goals .
When you start , you should n’t have any revenue related goals and you should be trying to hit traffic , comment , and email goals .
How many people are visiting ?
How many are returning ?
How many subscribers ?
How many comments ?
Those are the important metrics when you first start .
When you have only a handful of visitors , do n’t try to make money off them !
Try to build a relationship so that they will contribute to the growth of your site through comments , email , and the flow of ideas .
When you focus on money , that ’s all you ’ll see .
You will be discouraged when it earns $ 1 that first month and you ’ll likely abandon it because there is no money .
Flexo from Consumerism Commentary says to start with the idea of developing excellent content :
It took six months from the placement of the first ad on Consumerism Commentary until I earned enough to receive the first check .
But I prefer to look at this differently .
I ’ve been creating online communities since 1990 and the first check I received was in 2004 .
Even though I ’m earning six figures now , it took a long time to get there .
I ’ve seen many people start their projects with the goal of making money first , while the goal of creating something useful or wonderful remains farther down on the list if it makes the list of goals at all .
This is the wrong approach and will often lead to frustration and abandonment .
Audio technicians talk about “ sound vs. noise . ”
A quality signal requires a high signal - to - noise ratio .
Please do n’t start a blog with the sole purpose of earning money .
The internet is already full of mediocre content , designed in bulk , with the hopes of attracting advertising revenue .
Any more of the same will only add to the noise , reducing the usefulness of the internet as a whole .
Start with the idea of developing excellent content that people will want to read and once you are on the path to success , consider how you will bring revenue into the picture .
FMF from freemoneyfinance.com writes about the importance of creating a lot of content :
When I wrote “ How to Get Your Blog to 100,000 Visitors and Beyond ” four years ago , I ended up with 22 different steps to take .
And while all of those are important in some measure , with some more years of experience I ’m convinced that developing a successful blog is really simpler than that .
As such , here ’s the one piece of advice I ’d give to bloggers looking to grow their sites and their incomes :
Write good content , write lots of it , and write for a long , long time .
I ’m still working on the “ good ” part myself , but I ’ve found that if you write a lot and do it for a long period of time ( we ’re talking years , not days ) , you will get more traffic and ( eventually ) increase your income .
Sorry that it ’s not an easy thing to do or something that can be completed in a weekend , but my experience shows this to be the one vital tip to success ( and if you look at the blogs that are bigger than mine , I believe you ’ll see the same principle in action . )
Jason from FrugalDad.com says to treat blogging like a business :
Before you put up your first ad , consider why you want to monetize your blog .
Are you looking for a second income stream ?
Are you hoping to use the money to pay off debt ?
Or are you simply looking for some extra “ ice cream ” money each month ?
The answer to this question will help guide your advertising strategy , as someone hoping to use the earnings from a blog to pay down debt may be willing to be more aggressive ( more ads , more obvious placement ) than someone just out to make a few extra bucks while building a large audience .
If blogging to make money is serious business to you , then treat it like a business .
Take some time to define your potential audience , what that audience may be interested in buying from you , and which advertisers may be interested in running ads on your site .
And do n’t just think linearly – there are many peripheral topics that might draw attention from advertisers .
For instance , I write mostly about personal finances , but have had interest from advertisers in real estate , careers , taxes , even the auto industry , because I touch on these topics as part of a larger personal finance discussion .
Bob from ChristianPF.com talks about focusing on the big things :
Just like many bloggers Adsense is the biggest payer for me .
I found that by running detailed tests and comparing results of different ad shapes , colors , and placements you can dramatically increase your earnings .
In fact , in my article I wrote about how I make money with my blog , I explained the 10 things I did to increase my Adsense earnings by $ 1500 in 3 months .
I had plenty of traffic to make money with Adsense , but I was just doing all the wrong things .
I continually test my Adsense ads and there is always room to improve – test , test , and then test again .
On another note , it is critically important to avoid time - wasters and focus on your goals .
If you goal is to make money by blogging , then you should n’t focus all your energy and time on the things that are n’t directly taking you toward your goals .
For me , I was getting stressed out when I was n’t getting enough comments or wanted to have more subscribers .
Believe it or not , there is very little correlation between these metrics and the amount you make from your blog .
Will Chen from Wisebread.com says to make sure to engage in “ targeted networking ” :
The key to making money with blogs is targeted networking .
Instead of trying to network with every blogger out there , develop a game plan to start with the folks with the most influence .
You can compile your own list of people to target , or use this list of top personal finance blogs as a guide .
Think of it as the Pareto Principle for blog networking .
Go down your list and start offering each influential blogger something of value .
Offer to do a guest post , run a project for them , feature their best posts on your blog , etc .
For example , Wise Bread has a pretty nifty guest posting program that gets bloggers a lot of exposure .
Everyone knows networking will increase traffic , but how does it directly help you make money ?
Top bloggers get advertising offers all the time .
They ca n’t handle all the offers they receive from advertisers , so once in a while they have to refer the opportunities to other bloggers .
If you have a great working relationship with these top bloggers , they will feel comfortable referring you to their advertisers .
If several top bloggers frequently mention your blog to top ad agencies , the agencies will bookmark you as a go - to blog for their top clients .
Ryan over at Cash Money Life and Military Finance Network talks about how you need to write about your passions , and have patience :
Remember back in high school when your teachers or guidance counselors told you to “ do what you love and the money will follow ? ”
Well , it does n’t always work that way .
I know plenty of people who have hobbies that are time and money sinks .
Thankfully , starting a blog can be one of those hobbies that pays for itself and can even be very profitable .
There are dozens of ways to make money from blogging , and I do n’t want to focus on listing each one – Pete has many of those topics covered .
What I want to talk about is passion .
Write about your passions and people will appreciate your energy and enthusiasm .
And hopefully they will link to your blog or share your site with others by e-mailing your links , or by sharing your site via FaceBook , Twitter , or other social media outlets .
Why is this important ?
Because the root of making money online comes from one thing : visitors .
Without passion and enthusiasm it will be difficult to maintain the consistent high quality production that is necessary to bring in a steady stream of traffic .
The final bits of advice I have are these : blogging is not a get rich quick endeavor .
It takes time , patience , hard work , quality content , networking , skill , and sometimes a bit of luck .
Basically , there are no shortcuts .
But if you are willing to put in the work you have a chance at making money online .
Provide a service or value for your readers and they will appreciate your site .
Help people achieve their goals and they will appreciate it even more .
Rob from Ramped Blogging encourages diversification and testing to find the right formula :
When it comes to making money online through blogging , diversification is key .
If a large part of your blogging income comes from one source , you need to look into other revenue streams to spread out the load and increase your bottom line .
I see a lot of people start with Adsense and stop there …or dabble in affiliate marketing and then that ’s it .
They continually beat into the ground the same methods forgetting to look at other outlets like newsletters , direct advertising , having your own products etc .
Ideally , you want to have a lot of revenue streams so that …should the worst happen and one of those goes away … you have other options that pick up the slack .
If you really want to make money blogging , you do not have to have 100 k + subscribers and “ problogging ” elite status .
Making money through blogging is about having an attentive , targeted audience that you are providing consistent value to on a regular basis .
If you focus on accomplishing that …add in some smart monetization methods and business decisions that fit that audience … it really all falls into place .
Just remember …testing is key and what works for one successful blogger might not work for your blog .
Keep testing until you find a formula that works and then start testing again .
NCN from No Credit Needed says you should focus on the 3 C’s to succeed :
Content :
If you want a quality flow of traffic , you need to create quality content .
For me , that means staying true to the nature of my own blog , remaining true to my “ own voice ” , and focusing on those articles that speak to my audience .
Community :
If you want to grow your traffic , and thus create more opportunities to generate income , you need to engage in community .
Find other bloggers who are in your niche , connect with them , network when appropriate , and support their efforts .
A rising tide definitely lifts all ships .
Consistency :
If you want to move beyond traffic “ spurts ” and have steadily increasing traffic numbers , keep posting !
I have found that one or two posts per day , for a site my size , result in increased traffic .
Anything less , and my numbers decrease .
Anything more , and readers are overwhelmed , and numbers remain relatively the same .
Each site will have its own “ type ” of reader , and each blogger should post at a frequency equal to the fervency of his / her audience .
David from MoneyNing.com talks about measuring results , and adjusting to change :
Much has been said about creating a blog on a topic you love because you can then write interesting content , but making money from blogging is so much more than that .
Only an owner who is obsessed with changes and measuring results can turn a mediocre site into a money making machine .
Great content will attract traffic , but making money as a result of it is another arena all together .
Be genuinely interested in your topic , but be passionate about trying to make record breaking profits every single day if you truly want to maximize your monetary gains from your time spent .
Erica from Erica.biz , in her Blog Success Manifesto ( 30 tactical tips to help you grow your blog faster ) writes about the importance of an email list :
Set up an email service to email your subscribers .
Feedburner is great , but Aweber takes the cake .
Why ?
Simple : With Feedburner , you can only send out emails every time you write a blog post , and those emails can’t contain any other information other than what is in your blog post .
Aweber , on the other hand , allows you to send out not only emails that contain your blog posts , but whatever you want to your list .
I use my Aweber list to send out special invitations to events I ’m speaking at , free teleconferences where you can call in and ask me a business question , videos I do n’t feel like writing a whole blog post about , and much more .
Aweber lists are also great for sending out time - sensitive communications such as reminders .
Finally , you can promote products to your list ( though I prefer writing blog posts to do promotions . )
I find my email subscribers are more “ sticky ” because they are getting information that is not available publicly on my blog .
They are also more likely to purchase products I recommend than RSS subscribers .
An email list in Aweber is an asset ; you can promote products using only your email list .
Typically , depending on the product and the way you promote it , you can expect 0.5 - 3 % of your list subscribers to buy the product .
Considering many products have decent affiliate commissions , this is a substantial income stream .
Jeff Rose from GoodFinancialCents.com talks about the importance of doing your homework :
As big as the internet is , when you first start blogging you feel completely alone .
Take the time and do some research on how to truly get a blog off the ground .
Subscribe to some of the big time blogs in your niche and start taking notes on how they do it .
Start conversing with other bloggers and when you are brave enough start commenting on their blogs .
Share some link love here and there ( by linking out ) and really focus on writing stuff that people actually like to read ( work in process for me , too ) .
Keep at it and you ’ll instantly make some great contacts and soon have a network more reliable than Verizon .
Be consistent with your writing ( as best you can ) and prove to your readers and your niche that you are for real and you ’re here to stay .
Participate in carnivals , chat via Twitter , and soon you ’ll have hundreds of new people visiting your blog daily .
It takes time , so do n’t get discouraged .
It was well over 6 months before I had over 100 people visit my site in one day and I was pumped !
Now that ’s a snap .
Fred from OneProjectCloser.com talks about four pillars you should focus on :
I think there are four pillars to a great money - making blog .
They are ( listed in order of importance ) : ( 1 ) Write Great Content .
There is absolutely no substitute for well - written , interesting , unique content .
On our home improvement blog , we think great content is a combination of “ how - to ” articles , tool and service reviews , home improvement news , and personal experiences .
( 2 ) Network , Network , Network !
You can write the best content in the world , but if you are n’t good at getting the word out about yourself , you ’ll have no success .
Introduce yourself to others .
Let them know about your content .
Ask for links to your content from relevant , related sites and be willing to give links to others ’ good writing .
( 3 ) Build an Attractive Site .
Invest in your site design .
A well - designed site will help attract both readers and advertisers .
This is n’t as important when you are a smaller site , but can really help boost your reputation and presence as you grow .
( 4 ) Monetize .
Figure out what advertisers best convert with your content .
There ’s a reason that financial programs on television frequently have finance - related ads .
It ’s because people watching financial shows are , on average , more interested in buying financial products .
Consider using a mix of PPC , affiliate , and paid - placement advertising on your site .
If you really do these four things and you persevere , you will make money online .
For all of us on One Project Closer , the key has been to steadily work on the site as we have time and to view it as an evolving hobby business .
One question we frequently receive is how to get started with the monetization process .
I think that Adsense is the best service for new bloggers .
It ’s relatively simple to set up and easy to use .
There ’s a wealth of information online about the best way to use Adsense on a site , so it ’s one of the simplest methods to get started with monetization .
Lazy from LazyManAndMoney.com stresses the importance of content and promotion :
If you want to make money from your blog , nothing beats eyeballs .
In today ’s busy world , having people ’s attention is a very valuable commodity .
To get that attention you typically need two things : Content and Promotion .
I always say that content is King , but promotion is Queen .
I ca n’t help you improve your content for your blog , but I can give you a couple of tips on promoting it .
Perhaps the biggest key to my success was joining a blogging network , The Money Writers .
Me and 10 other personal finance bloggers bounce ideas off each other .
Also their success translates in part to my success as they promote my content ( and I promote theirs ) .
Beyond all those obvious benefits , there ’s the mental aspect as well .
I think each of The Money Writers at one point or another said that they ’d likely have quit blogging a long time if not for the blogging network .
We are our own support group .
Kerry over at SquawkFox.com talks about using a blog to get a book deal :
There are endless ways to make money blogging .
Some bloggers find success displaying ads while others make big bucks selling their own products .
When I started blogging at Squawkfox in January 2008 , I never imagined I would land a book deal with a major publisher in just one year .
But I did .
My first book , 397 Ways To Save Money hit the Amazon Canada Top 100 Bestsellers
List within weeks , and I have blogging to thank for my new found income .
If you ’ve ever wanted to turn your blog into a book , here are a few smart tactics you can employ to help you land a deal .
Use your own voice .
Do n’t be afraid to be yourself and write posts your way .
Authors share stories with others using their unique style and are not afraid to ruffle a few feathers with their voice .
Forget about blogging schedules , post lengths , and SEO keywords by focusing on what makes you tick and writing until your story is done .
By going beyond the usual , finding what makes you unique , and showing your skills , your blog may just become a publisher ’s paradise .
Tell a story .
Did a funny thing happen to you on the way to the post office ?
Then share it !
Readers love a good story they can relate too , so find the human interest element and get blogging .
In The Best Things in Life are Free I shared a very short story about a very long bike ride , and my readers responded .
Write timeless content .
Forget about chasing the latest fad and stick to topics that stand the test of time .
Sure , the odd up - to - date news flash is fun , but publishers want books that can be sold for years , not months .
Aim for eternity when you post , and your blog will never go stale .
Blogging for bucks is not always easy .
But writing with honesty and a passion for your subject may just improve your blog and help you get noticed by a publisher .
David from MyTwoDollars.com and TheGoodHuman.com talks about having patience with your growing blog :
I have been blogging “ for money ” full time for almost 4 years now , and while I make enough to cover my expenses and have replaced my old corporate income , it took the first 1.5 years to even see any money at all .
If I could offer a few pieces of advice to those looking to make an income by writing , I say there are 3 key things I would pay attention to : Have patience .
Many people think they can start a blog and start making 4 figures the next month , but let me tell you – it is n’t going to happen .
So have patience and work at it for at least 12 months before expecting to see any major returns .
In addition to patience , content is king .
You see this mantra almost everywhere and in every “ How To Blog ” book , and it is the absolute truth .
Without content , you do n’t have anything .
Do n’t just regurgitate what everyone else has already said – be original , be ruthless , be honest , stick to your opinions .
I would rather read post after post with an opinion I disagree with than read post after post without heart , passion , or opinion .
Do n’t bore your readesr , and your readers will always come back for more .
Do n’t write for search engines , write for people .
Too many bloggers only write to get good rankings in the search engines , but to be honest – I do n’t have much interest in reading their stuff .
You need to pay attention to the keywords and content of your posts , but do n’t just write mechanically so you can rank for certain words while ignoring that humans want to read your stuff .
That ’s your audience ; not some bot over at Google .
It ’s been quite a ride , blogging for money .
Month to month income is different , sometimes up and sometimes down , and once in a while you have a very bad month .
But I would n’t trade it for the world .
Madison from MyDollarPlan.com says to focus on doing the things that you are best at , and making sure you appeal to a broad audience :
Focus on what you are best at .
For me , that meant devoting my time early on to writing finance and tax articles about topics that I love .
I had my husband help with the technical work so that I was spending my time in the right places .
Instead of spending hours trying to figure out how to make modifications to my site , I could focus on writing a tax article that many people need help with like , How Much Money Do I Have to Make to File Taxes ?
Picking topics with a broad audience also helps .
While taxes are n’t that exciting for most people , they are something everyone has to deal with .
The result is that you have information that people are looking for .
But you have to make sure you are interested in the topic .
I could n’t write about taxes if I did n’t love them !
Have you started your own successful site ?
What tips would you give to aspiring bloggers who want to make money with their blog ?
If you ’re just starting your blog , tell us your thoughts on the advice given today – does it give you a better idea of what to expect ?
What other questions do you have that you would like to see answered ?
Leave us a note in the comments !
This post is an addendum to the Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog e-book .
If you ’re looking for more tips on how to make money with a blog , please check it out !
Sign up for our email newsletter to get a nicely formatted ebook version of this post !
The fusion of religion and politics and the use of Biblical authority to strip other people of civil rights is not , of course , unique to America .
In Northern Ireland , for example , sectarian conflict was accompanied by incredibly repressive attitudes toward sexual minorities and women .
When I went on Ulster television for " Virtually Normal " in 1995 , it was the first ever broadcast acoss Northern Ireland dealing specifically with the homosexual question .
They invited ten openly gay people to be in the studio audience , and only three had the balls to show up .
And so it is not that surprising that a leading politician in Ulster would respond to a brutal gay - bashing by criticizing the attack but adding that she nonetheless believed that homosexuality was an " abomination " and made her feel " sick " and " nauseous " .
She believed that sexual orientation could be cured by psychiatry .
She argued that
" just as a murderer can be redeemed by the blood of Christ , so can a homosexual ....
If anyone takes issue , they 're taking issue with the word of God " .
She stated that homosexuality was worse than child abuse :
" There can be no viler act , apart from homosexuality and sodomy , than sexually abusing innocent children . "
You know what 's coming , do n't you ?
The astonishing details of MP Iris Robinson 's affair with a 19 - year - old - whom she had known since he was nine - have been laid bare today .
Her lover , Kirk McCambley , now 21 , owns a cafe in south Belfast and the visitors ' centre which houses the cafe was built by the council on which Mrs Robinson sits .
The wife of the Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson helped Mr McCambley get started in business after first identifying a freshly developed council site on the banks of the river Lagan in south Belfast for his new venture and persuaded two local developers to stump up £ 50,000 in 2008 for catering equipment to kit out the cafe , Mr McCambley told the BBC .
Astonishingly Mrs Robinson demanded a £ 5,000 kickback paid directly to her after her lover received the funding .
From the Mail .
Where there is Christianism , there is usually hypocrisy , corruption and abuse .
From Haggard to Maciel , from the Vatican to the Swaggarts , from Rove to Limbaugh , the sheer gulf between their public moralism and their private failings is vast .
That 's because they 're human ; and they deserve compassion and understanding , the compassion and understanding they always , always deny to others .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Hapodi , the French agency that 's in charge of the country 's new anti-piracy scheme ( if someone you live with is accused of three acts of infringement , your whole household is taken offline and added to a list of address to which it is illegal to provide Internet access ) has been accused of pirating the font used it its logo .
The font designer is talking lawsuit .
Hadopi says it was n't infringement , just an " error of manipulation . "
It 's tempting to count coup here , but it 's more important to recognize that Hadopi has proved that the copyright minefield is an unnavigable mess and that the guillotine is too blunt an instrument to use in its policing .
If an organization charged with policing copyright with absolute , unaccountable power can't stop its employees from committing unwitting acts of infringement , how can a mere family ensure that no act of infringement takes place over its network connection ?
In the meantime , I 'm sure that if Hadopi commits two more acts of infringement , it will order its own offices taken offline for a period of a year .
Right ?
The logo , already officially registered for 2 months with the National Institute of Industrial Property , had been created with an unlicensed font called " Bienvenue . "
This font was originally created by an employee of France Telecom in 2000 , designer Jean - François Porchez .
Writer Julien L from French news site Numerama told TorrentFreak that the problem goes even deeper .
" The problem is , this font was an ' exclusive corporate typeface ' .
It could n't be used for other purposes than France Telecom / Orange products , " he told us …
Yesterday there was panic , as Hadopi tried to repair the damage by sourcing new matching fonts they could license legally .
Hadopi has issued an apology through gritted teeth , but while France Telecom - Orange has confirmed it wo n't be taking legal action over the infringement of its rights , the same cannot yet be said of Jean - François Porchez .
He has contacted his lawyer to see what can be done .
French 3 Strikes Group Unveils Copyright Infringing Logo
Toronto - vember .
( Now with 55 % more Christmas themed things to do ! )
Well .
Little bit different today .
I thought I ’d let you all in on a few of the goings on in our fair city for the rest of this chilly month .
( For those not aware , I live , work and play in Toronto , Ontario – aka “ New York of the North . ” )
This is a bit of a departure from my usual daily drivel of confusing lists , quirky stories and inane baseball babble , but what the hell .
This was already a hodge - podge grab bag of useless internet information , and there ’s no point in slowing that down anytime soon .
So , in a misguided effort to secure my internet blogger - of - all - trades status , I bring you my first edition of :
What the EFF is GOING ON , Toronto ?
( the latter half of November edition . )
Your mileage may vary .
Christmas Remembered .
Visit the Black Creek Pioneer Village from November 21st to December 31st to enjoy a Victorian - style Christmas .
I ’m not 100 % sure what that is ( I ’m a writer , not a historian ! ) but it sounds like a fun mustache twirling , top - hat wearing time .
Which is about everything I know about Victorian era anything .
SYNC Night – “ Stuff Ad People Like ” Industry Event .
This is probably the only non-Christmas related event likely to occur in the coming weeks , so high five to THAT .
“ Stuff Ad People Like ” is a site designed to showcase the more humorous side of advertising , written by ad people for ad people .
Mingle with industry types at the Hideout as you sip cocktails and groove along to bands like “ Young Rival ” and “ Creature . ”
One of a Kind Christmas Show and Sale .
From November 26 to December 6th , you can browse a wide variety of unique Christmas gifts and decorations created by Canadian artists at the Direct Energy Centre .
Great for people who like to get the jump on their Christmas shopping – unlike me , who you ’ll most likely find frantically tearing apart the shelves at my local LCBO on December 23rd .
And who knows when I ’ll find time to shop for Christmas ?
Trail of Lights at Downsview Park .
Downsview Park has a three - kilometer trail decorated with light displays for your viewing pleasure from November 27th to January 3rd .
And THEN …
Toronto ’s Cavalcade of Lights .
This light show kicks off in Nathan Phillips Square on November 28th with fireworks , entertainment and tree - lighting , and then continues until December 31st in neighborhoods around the city .
FLAME ON !
The Gourmet Food and Wine Expo .
Now we ’re talking .
The Metro Toronto Convention Center hosts this annual opportunity to sample and buy gourmet wines and foods from November 19th to the 22nd .
Not to sound like the proverbial Grinch , but do n’t the non-Christmas themed events sound like a lot more fun ?
‘ Tis the Season !
Toronto ComiCON
Perhaps I spoke to soon .
But if this is your thing , head on over to the Metro Center again on November 22nd to catch up with your favorite wizards and superheroes and whatever .
Whole Life Expo 2009
Speaking of fun…once again at the Convention Center , this time on the 29th , you can check out some natural health and green living , organic foods , healthy shit and …uh .
When ’s that wine one again ?
Alright , sir .
That seems to be the majority of major events and conventions that our fair city can look forward to hosting for the next couple of weeks .
If the mood strikes me again , I may revisit this concept in my never ending quest to be your singular source of information for …what the EFF is GOING ON , Toronto ?!?
Sweet wrap - up , Lu .
One way to decrease your site ’s load time is to set a far future Expires header on all your static content .
This does n’t help first - time visitors , but can greatly improve the experience of returning visitors .
And you get to decrease your bandwidth needs at the same time , because all your static content will be cached by their browser .
S3
weotta puts all of its awesome plan images in Amazon ’s S3 using django - storages S3Storage backend , which by default does not set any Expires header .
To remedy this , I set AWS_HEADERS in settings .py like so
from datetime import date , timedelta tenyrs = date.today ( ) + timedelta( days=365*10 ) # Expires 10 years in the future at 8 PM GMT AWS_HEADERS = { ' Expires ' : tenyrs.strftime ( ' %a , %d %b %Y 20:00:00 GMT ') }
Now every uploaded file gets an Expires header set to 10 years in the future .
upload_to
One potential drawback to using a far future Expires header is that if you change the file content without also changing the file name , no one will notice because they ’ll keep using the old cached version of the file .
Luckily , Django makes it easy to create ( mostly ) unique new file names by letting you include strftime formatting codes in a FileField or Image Field upload_to path , such as upload_to= ' images / %Y/%m/%d ' .
This way , every uploaded file automatically gets stored by date , which means it would take some deliberate effort to change the contents of a file without also changing the file name .
* Study solves puzzle that eluded scientists for 20 years
* Finding should help development of new HIV / AIDS medicines
* Allows scientists to see how Merck and Gilead drugs work
LONDON , Jan 31 ( Reuters ) - Scientists say they have solved a crucial puzzle about the AIDS virus after 20 years of research and that their findings could lead to better treatments for HIV .
British and U.S. researchers said they had grown a crystal that enabled them to see the structure of an enzyme called integrase , which is found in retroviruses like HIV and is a target for some of the newest HIV medicines .
“ Despite initially painstakingly slow progress and very many failed attempts , we did not give up and our effort was finally rewarded , ” said Peter Cherepanov of Imperial College London , who conducted the research with scientists from Harvard University .
The Imperial and Harvard scientists said that having the integrase structure means researchers can begin fully to understand how integrase inhibitor drugs work , how they might be improved , and how to stop HIV developing resistance to them .
When the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) infects someone , it uses the integrase enzyme to paste a copy of its genetic information into their DNA , Cherepanov explained in the study published in the Nature journal on Sunday .
Some new drugs for HIV -- like Isentress from Merck & Co MRK.N and elvitegravir , an experimental drug from Gilead Sciences GILD .O -- work by blocking integrase , but scientists are not clear exactly how they work or how to improve them .
The only way to find out was to obtain high - quality crystals -- a project that had defeated scientists for many years .
“ When we started out , we knew that the project was very difficult , and that many tricks had already been tried and given up by others long ago , ” said Cherepanov .
“ Therefore , we went back to square one and started by looking for a better model of HIV integrase which could be more amenable for crystallisation . ”
The researchers grew a crystal using a version of integrase borrowed from another retrovirus very similar to its HIV counterpart .
It took more than 40,000 trials for them to come up with one a crystal of sufficiently high quality to allow them to see the three - dimensional structure , they said .
They tested the Merck and Gilead drugs on the crystals , and were able to see for the first time how the medicines bind to , and block , integrase .
Almost 60 million people have been infected with HIV and 25 million people have died of HIV - related causes since the beginning of the AIDS epidemic .
There is no cure and no vaccine , although drug cocktails can keep patients healthy .
United Nations data for 2008 show that 33.4 million people had HIV and 2 million people died of AIDS .
The worst - affected region is sub-Saharan Africa , accounting for 67 percent of all people living with HIV .
File under minor irritants : Josh Bailey is headed home to have his " upper body " injury from the Panthers game looked at ... Martin Biron , who has dressed as backup the last two games , is headed to AHL Bridgeport to get some actual game work in .
But the big long - term news from earlier this week is that Charles Wang has decided to have his team start the 2010 - 11 season with a handicap .
Sure , putting his team behind at the starting gun is not actually Wang 's intention -- in truth he seems well - meaning and very big - picture oriented with his continuing efforts to promote hockey in China , what with the rinks and the youth tournaments he 's created .
As he told Katie Strang :
" The world is much bigger , there is so much more to it than hockey .
We have so much , we need to reach out to other people . "
Well I agree .
But is this the avenue for that outreach ?
Public relations aside , there really is no on -ice benefit to having your NHL squad begin the arduous seven - month journey of an NHL season by spending 10 days of its training camp dealing with the logistical , physical , dietary and jet lag headaches of traveling all the way to China , then bouncing around the country , then traveling all the way back .
To add to the anywhere - but - Long Island feel to September 's camp , they also will play another exhibition game in Saskatoon Sept. 29 .
As someone who loves this sport and who is generally a believer in the benefits of international exchange , I try to look at this as a meaningful gesture consistent with Wang 's long - running outreach .
But as an Islanders fan I can't help feeling the club is undermining next season before it even begins .
I fully believe global relations are more important than hockey , and big unquantifiable gains can be made from small gestures .
I 'm just not sure using the NHL club 's training camp for it is the way to go .
More from Strang :
When asked whether he was concerned about the amount of travel the team will undergo and the potential implications , Wang said :
" If we do n't ever try how will we know ?
The advantage and the reward is far greater than the risk -- being too tired or whatever .
We hope this inspires them to a new height . "
I wonder if Islanders players were asked of their opinion before this was arranged ?
( To be fair , the NHLPA signed off . )
I wonder if anyone in the organization could tell Wang it 's a negative move for hockey operations -- and if such a conclusion would matter ?
Because this is greater , farther , and a bigger deal than opening the season in Europe .
This is spending 10 days traveling , touring , adjusting to new physiological stimuli -- and preparing for an NHL season not by playing NHL or even AHL competition , but the Chinese national team .
That said , Wang obviously firmly believes any physical troubles will be worth the awe - inspiring experience of visiting one of the world 's greatest , oldest cultures :
“ We have a young team that ’s really coming together , ” said Wang , whose family left Shanghai for the United States in 1952 .
“ They ’re great kids , and I want to give them something that will open up their eyes , ” he said .
“ When they see the Great Wall , the Forbidden City , Tiananmen Square , it ’ll just blow them away .
I wanted them to bond together with an experience that will really bring them together , an experience they ’re never going to duplicate in their lives . ”
People debate whether European travel affects the NHL teams that have opened there , or if it 's just an excuse when their seasons wilt .
People debate whether training camp really means all that much to today 's already in - shape players .
Fair enough .
Maybe I should n't worry .
We will get plenty of warm human - interest stories from the trip .
We will get some " The More You Know " moments .
But while this trip may be eye - opening and soul - altering for the mostly young players in this franchise 's rebuild , it 's not going to do much to prepare them for next season .
As one of many fans who have been patient through this franchise 's struggles to get the on-ice product right , that kind of sucks .
Microsoft has issued Security Advisory ( 979352 ) after its own investigations into the highly - organized hacking attack in late December , the one that Google earlier this week insinuated came from China , led the software giant to conclude that a Remote Code Execution ( RCE ) vulnerability in Internet Explorer was used by the perpetrators .
" The company has determined that Internet Explorer was one of the vectors used in targeted and sophisticated attacks targeted against Google and other corporate networks , " a Microsoft spokesperson told Ars .
" Microsoft continues to work with Google , other industry partners and authorities to actively investigate this issue .
To date , Microsoft has not seen widespread customer impact , rather only targeted and limited attacks exploiting IE6 . "
While Microsoft says it is only aware of limited , active attacks attempting to use this vulnerability in IE6 , and has not seen attacks against other versions of IE , the vulnerability is not limited to version 6 , according to the security advisory .
Internet Explorer 5.01 on Windows 2000 SP4 is not affected , but IE6 on Windows 2000 SP4 , as well as IE6 , IE7 and IE8 on supported editions of Windows XP , Windows Server 2003 , Windows Vista , Windows Server 2008 , Windows 7 , and Windows Server 2008 R2 are all affected .
" The vulnerability exists as an invalid pointer reference within Internet Explorer , " the advisory reads .
" It is possible under certain conditions for the invalid pointer to be accessed after an object is deleted .
In a specially - crafted attack , in attempting to access a freed object , Internet Explorer can be caused to allow remote code execution . "
Microsoft did not give any workarounds for the flaw in the security advisory , but it did list five mitigating factors :
Protected Mode in IE7 on Windows Vista limits the impact of the vulnerability .
In a Web - based attack scenario , an attacker could host a webpage that is used to exploit this vulnerability or do so via a webpage that accepts or hosts user - provided content or advertisements .
In all cases , however , an attacker would have no way to force users to visit these websites and would have to convince them to do so , which is typically achieved via an e-mail or instant message .
By default , Internet Explorer on Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2008 runs in a restricted mode that is known as Enhanced Security Configuration .
This mode sets the security level for the Internet zone to High and so is a mitigating factor for websites that you have not added to the Internet Explorer Trusted sites zone .
An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could gain the same user rights as the local user .
Users whose accounts are configured to have fewer user rights on the system could be less affected than users who operate with administrative user rights .
By default , all supported versions of Outlook , Outlook Express , and Windows Mail open HTML e-mail messages in the Restricted sites zone , which should mitigate attacks trying to exploit this vulnerability by preventing Active Scripting and ActiveX controls from being used .
However , if a user clicks a link in an e-mail message , the user could still be vulnerable to exploitation of this vulnerability through the Web - based attack scenario .
Microsoft says it will continue to monitor the situation and will either post a patch on Patch Tuesday or will release an out - of - cycle security update .
We will keep you posted when Microsoft does release an update .
2010 has started off with a bang .
Insiders purchased $ 4.5 million worth of stock ( and yes , this does not include the end year transaction by such individuals as Nelson Peltz who acquired nearly 10 million shares of Legg Mason on the last day of 2009 , to validate his recent board seat standstill ) , in the period from January 4 .
It should , however , comes as no surprise that in the same period selling did not moderate , and insiders offloaded $ 281 million in shares ( yes , this accounts for the double counting of trades between various ultimately identical corporate entities , which seems to have been missed by some of our peers ) .
Net result : an insider selling to buying of 62 x to kick off 2010 .
And still the quants are chasing momentum ever higher .
There is no way this will end in anything but tears .
Insider Transactions 1.11 -
Source : FinViz
Having reached the end of the first decade of the new millennium , it ’s time to look back at all the things that helped shape the cultural heritage of our ever globalizing society .
It seems amazing that it was nearly ten years ago when the entire world rang in the new millennium with style .
From Tokyo to London , New York to Sydney , Rio De Janeiro to Cairo , the fireworks and celebrations were extraordinary .
We ’ve come a long way since .
Did anyone think they would be holding a powerful phone in their pocket and take that power for granted today , ten years ago ?
Did anyone really grasp the ability for computers and the internet to permeate every aspect of our day to day lives ?
And did anyone think the Rolling Stones would still be touring ?
Well , here are the ten moments , ideas , and innovations which defined the decade .
The list is broken into ten different categories , with at least one runner - up listed for each .
10 Literature July 21 , 2007 – Final Harry Potter Book Released
Runners - up : The Da Vinci Code , Oprah ’s book club .
In 1997 an unknown writer named Joanne Rowling finally got her break upon the publication of a novel she had been working on for seven years , Harry Potter and the Philosopher ’s Stone .
What followed was nothing short of mania .
The series , with seven books planned from the start , became a global phenomenon .
By the time the final book was published in 2007 , the Harry Potter series had turned Rowling into a billionaire , one of the runners - up for Time ’s “ Person of the Year ” , and easily the most influential children ’s writer of her era .
An entire generation grew up along with Harry , Ron , and Hermione , reading thousands of pages in a time where most children are watching TV .
Harry Potter became famous for its cult - like following , with millions of kids everywhere waiting outside bookstores for midnight parties on release dates .
Over 400 million copies of the books have been translated into 67 different languages .
Along with tie - in merchandise and movie deals , the franchise is worth an estimated £ 15 billion .
Many groups attempted to ban the books , arguing that Rowling was brain washing kids into practicing magic and believing in the occult .
Most of their criticism has been ignored , especially by the college students playing quidditch matches on campus , and Oxford English Dictionary , who in 2003 entered “ muggle ” into its lexicon .
9 Television October 5 , 2001 – Pop Idol Debuts
Runners - up : Lost , The Sopranos , Family Guy .
Perhaps the most annoying of all entries on this list , reality TV has changed the landscape of television over the past decade .
While different shows can fit the general description of reality TV , it really began with in the UK with Pop Idol in 2001 .
The winner of the first season was Will Young , who has had a modest career since .
American Idol took off a year later , and every week gains more votes than the US presidential election .
Other reality TV shows took off at the same time and have had a huge effect on television , such as , Survivor , Big Brother , The Amazing Race , and The Real World .
Jeff Zucker , the Chief Executive of a rival network remarked that , “ I think Idol is the most impactful show in the history of television ” .
8 Film November 12 , 2008 – Slumdog Millionaire Released
Runners - up : Hotel Rwanda , Brokeback Mountain .
Danny Boyle created a masterpiece in 2008 with his film Slumdog Millionaire .
Based on the book “ Q&A ” by Vikas Swarup , the movie tells the tale of an impoverished young man and his chance to make millions on the Indian version of “ Who Wants to be a Millionaire ? ”
He answers question after question based on chance encounters throughout his life , such as how he knows who is on a US 100 dollar bill .
We learn that the young man , played by Dev Patel , is not interested in the money , but in finding his lost girlfriend .
Slumdog Millionaire took the world by storm , grossing $ 377 million .
It also won 8 Academy Awards , including Best Picture .
It has been acclaimed as being a small representative of the future of film , because of its international cast , crew , and audience .
Joe Morgenstern called it the “ world ’s first globalized masterpiece ” .
7 Sports October 17 , 2004 – Boston Red Sox Begin Their Comeback
Runners - up : Spain Wins Euro 2008 , Zinedine Zidane ’s Headbutt , 2008 New York Giants .
Down three games to zero against their fiercest rival , the New York Yankees , in the American League Championship Series , the Red Sox were down to their final inning when the magic began .
Even with superstar closer Mariano Rivera on the mound , the Red Sox were not going to be denied .
They scored the tying run , and eventually won the game in the 12th inning .
Game 5 went to 14 innings , and game 6 was decided by just two runs .
In game 7 however , the Red Sox cut the Yankees loose with a 7 run victory to become the first team to ever come back from a 3 - 0 series deficit and win .
But , their job was not done yet .
The Red Sox had gone 86 years without a World Series title , and were not going to go home empty handed .
In fact , they swept the Cardinals in 4 games to win the championship , in what analysts would later call “ the greatest story baseball ever told ” .
6 Music October 23 , 2001 – Apple Introduces the iPod .
Runners - up : Janet Jackson ’s Super Bowl Show , Live 8 , Napster , death of Michael Jackson
Steve Jobs did n’t invent the mp3 player , but he did revolutionize it .
In October of 2001 , Apple introduced the world to the iPod , and perhaps they did n’t even realize what they were doing .
Previously , mp3 players were unpopular because they were fragile , had short battery life , or were simply not sexy and fashionable .
Apple saw the flaws of these products and attempted to fix them all .
Eight years later , it ’s hard to find a teenager or young adult without an iPod .
Over 220,000,000
iPods have been sold throughout the world , making them the highest selling digital audio player .
It has also changed the music industry itself .
Any small musician , looking to make it big , can get his music in the iTunes store , and theoretically propel himself to stardom .
Interestingly , there are studies being done that argue iPods are making kids more anti-social , because they can turn on their music instead of socializing .
Even if you “ are a PC ” , you must admit that Apple was doing something right when they introduced the iPod .
5 Technology February 4 , 2004 – Facebook.com Launched
Runners - up : HD TV , high speed internet , Wikipedia .
It was called just a fad , but others insist that social networking sites have become one of the biggest shifts in human interaction since the invention of the telephone .
Social media has overtaken pornography as the # 1 activity on the internet .
Consider that it took the radio 38 years to reach 50 million users , but it took facebook less than 9 months to reach 100 million users .
Twitter played a pivotal role in the 2009 Iranian elections , and yet all the popular news feeds were over taken on the day Michael Jackson died .
With nearly 93 % of college students using facebook or another form of social networking , these sites are already having a massive effect on human interaction .
Social networking is fundamentally changing the way the world communicates .
4 Economics January 1 , 2002 – Euro Adopted
Runners - up : Dotcom bust , real estate collapse .
The second most widely used currency in the world was formally introduced in 2002 .
The euro , primarily used by members of the European Union , is also used by millions of people on other continents .
16 members of the EU are obliged to adopt the euro eventually , with the United Kingdom and Denmark exempt .
Many African counties have also adopted it unofficially and some countries have negotiated usage .
There are now 23 countries using currencies directly pegged to the euro .
Behind the US dollar , the euro has become the second largest reserve currency and the euro also has the more value in circulation than any other currency .
With close to 500 million people worldwide using the euro , its use and expanding use will help shape our future and hopefully lead us into a stage of macroeconomic stability .
3 International Affairs September 11 , 2001 – Terrorism Attacks on the United States
Runners - up : Darfur Genocide , Benazir Bhutto assassination , London train bombings .
On September 11 , 2001 , four airplanes in the United States were hijacked by Muslim extremists and crashed into various locations .
Two were crashed into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in New York City , one was flown into the Pentagon Building in Washington DC , and in the fourth plane , civilians overtook the terrorists and the plane crashed into a field in Shanksville , Pennsylvania .
Nearly three thousand people were killed in the attacks .
Al - Qaeda , a terrorist group centered in the Middle East , and its leader Osama Bin Laden were blamed for the attack .
The New York Stock Exchange , which makes its home only blocks away from the WTC , had its largest one day drop in history when it re-opened .
Following the attack , President George W. Bush started his War on Terror , which has led to major conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The long term effects of the attacks are still being felt today , and will continue to shape the world for years to come .
2 Nature December 26 , 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake
Runners - up : Hurricane Katrina , Victorian Bushfire , Climate Change
The second largest recorded earthquake in history occurred on December 26 , 2005 , in the middle of the Indian Ocean .
The resulting tsunami killed nearly 230,000 people and displaced over one million .
Deaths occurred in fourteen different countries , and Indonesia suffered the worst fatalities .
Tourists , mostly from Europe , were also killed during this peak travel time , with over 9,000 deaths .
The tsunami is believed to have been the deadliest natural disaster since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake .
In the aftermath , entire cities had been destroyed .
Rural areas had been completely wiped out .
The rest of the world responded with relief aid estimated at over ten billion US dollars .
Despite the efforts , the countries most affected are still in the process of rebuilding , and many may never be the same .
1 Politics November 4 , 2008 – United States Presidential Election
Runners - up : 2000 Bush / Gore Florida election , 2009 Iranian Elections .
In a nation still bearing the scars of its Jim Crow past , the people of the United States made a huge move toward true racial equality in 2008 by electing Barack Obama , the nation ’s first black president .
President Obama won the Electoral College by a staggering 192 votes over his opponent Senator John McCain .
The triumph of “ change ” was approved all around the world .
An international poll showed an average of 49 % worldwide in favor of Obama , while McCain only garnered 12 % .
President Obama had some strong ideas and plans for the future , and only time will tell if he can truly come through with them .
Video : SpaceShipTwo
Designing the future of space flight ( Image : Virgin Galactic )
Burt Rutan is one of the US ’s leading aeronautical engineers , noted for his innovative designs and light , energy - efficient air and spacecraft , including Virgin Galactic ’s SpaceShipTwo .
In a rare interview , he talks to David Cohen about his work , conspiracy theories and the explosion that claimed the lives of three engineers
“ We call it Mojavewood – have you seen the movie ? ” asks Burt Rutan sardonically as we drive away from a glitzy ceremony and towards the legendary aircraft designer ’s office , tucked away in a hangar at Mojave airport , California .
Suddenly he bursts into song “ Oh Mojaaavewood , tada …
Here on the TED Blog , TED Curator Chris Anderson answers the top 10 of last week ’s questions in a Reddit - powered , TED community - driven Q&A .
jasontang asks :
Have you had any speakers that you later regret having to some extent ?
Er , yes indeed .
There was the famous TV personality whose talk was so ego - full the audience actually started hissing at her .
And the unforgettable case of the speaker who took just a few too many pre-talk drinks to calm the nerves .
Trouble is , I ca n’t really name names because then people would hate me .
I guess about 25 % of the talks from each conference never go up on the website .
They may be solid , but just lack , for want of a better word , the “ wow ” factor .
We want every talk online to be terrific — and one surprise benefit of doing this is that speakers are using past TED talks as the bar to beat , and putting in amazing amounts of preparation .
hot_pastrami asks :
Have you given any thought to hosting debates between intellectuals with differing views ?
I find that a rousing debate can be a great way to combat confirmation bias .
Funny you should ask .
We ’re actually doing just that for the first time at TED2010 next month .
Stewart Brand vs Mark Z. Jacobson over the proposition “ What the world needs now is nuclear power . ”
Six minutes each , followed by six minutes of all hell letting loose .
Then a vote .
If it works , we could try to make it a regular feature .
knav asks :
Has there been anyone that has not presented at TED yet who you would really like to be on ?
But of course .
Sticking with the living … Steve Jobs , Aung San Suu Kyi , Warren Buffet , Desmond Tutu , Meryl Streep , Jon Stewart , David Brooks , Sara Lawrence - Lightfoot , James Cameron , Mark Cuban ( he accepted one year and never showed , but I still love him … kind of ) , Ian McEwan , David Attenborough … the list goes on .
My bet is quite a few of the above will show in the next couple years .
It ’s getting easier to persuade .
But the funny thing is , the knockout talks usually come from the most unexpected places .
So we spend more time trying to discover the less - known gems .
We just met today with an utterly endearing under - the - radar artist who in 20 days ’ time is going blow people ’s socks off .
thedanielrecord asks : I love TED and the ideas it presents , however , $ 2,000 dollars ( reduced - price membership ) to attend the conference is still quite expensive .
I understand that we are all given free video access to each speakers seminar but some truly inspiring thoughts occur between seminars amongst conference attendees .
Do you think TED would benefit by reducing the cost of admissions in hopes of increasing access to these ideas worth spreading ?
It ’s kind of a myth to think that if we would only cut the price , everyone could show up and join in .
We have an event that is sold out a year in advance , and we ca n’t make it much bigger than the 1,500 who come now ( plus 400 in Palm Springs ) because it would get too impersonal .
If we cut the price ( which is normally $ 6 k ) , it would n’t allow any more people to come , it would just increase the number on the waitlist .
At the same time we’d be losing the dollars that have paid for the creation of our website and allowed free distribution of the content to the world .
( TED is a nonprofit — all the conference profits get recirculated to TED.com , TED Prize , and other programs .
No one ’s making money . )
I agree , it ’s right to reserve some places for people who ca n’t afford the admission , and that ’s why we introduced the Fellows program .
Each year about 40 people get fellowships … but they ’re chosen out of more than 2,000 who apply .
And as you noticed , we offer a reduced rate to some nonprofits and educators .
Happily the TEDx program has spawned literally hundreds of independent TED events that charge $ 100 or less for admission .
We think more than 50,000 people have attended one of these in the past 12 months , so that ’s a lot more TED access than there ’s ever been before .
More here : “ Is TED elitist ? ”
alexbo asks :
If you could have anyone in history give a talk , who would it be and what would you want them to talk about ?
Frankly , alexbo , having anyone show up from a prior century , anyone at all , would be pretty spectacular .
But let ’s see .
Maybe Mitochondrial Eve : “ My dream for the species I mothered . ”
Or , more seriously , Copernicus on “ The Sun , the Earth and the greatest Aha moment of all time . ”
Translating the talk from Latin would be a drag , though .
What about Charles Darwin ?
“ Does design need a designer ? ”
More recently , Richard Feynman or Carl Sagan or Buckminster Fuller would have been naturals .
CreekDK asks :
What was the most profound talk ever given , in your mind ?
Gosh .
Well … David Deutsch ’s dramatic illustration of a “ typical ” place in the universe is a contender .
So is Dan Gilbert ’s synthesized happiness .
And Steve Pinker ’s case for the decline of violence is remarkable .
But the one that has had most impact on me ?
I ’ll go with Barry Schwartz making the case that too much choice is a bad thing .
Since then , I ’ve often tried to take options off the table .
It works , it really does .
jasontang asks :
Who is your favourite speaker or what is your favourite kind of speaker ?
I love the talks that offer a new way of seeing the world .
There are so many examples of this :
… and all of the scientists showing off marvels that do n’t normally cross our radar .
I also would n’t do without the tech demos that give you a delicious peek into the future , nor the great story - tellers who through their own vulnerability and humanity just make you feel a little more alive .
spasmdaze asks : I read that you came up with the idea for the TED Prize , that is , TED will annually grant 3 people $ 100,000 and “ one wish to change the world . ”
At the moment , what would your one wish to change the world be ?
Hmmm .
I think I ’d wish for every child to spend time at an international school .
It ’s certainly one of the best things that ever happened to me .
All our biggest problems ( pandemics , climate change , poverty , nuclear weapons ) are a consequence of a world that ’s now impossibly interconnected being run by people beholden to tribal interests .
We maybe have about one generation to fix that .
venisoned asks :
Do you have any plans to move away from the current invite - only model to a open , peer - reviewed model , where anyone with an idea worth spreading ( irrespective of his / her eminence ) can give a talk ?
We already have something of a crowd - sourced model .
The website receives literally thousands of speaker suggestions , and they ’re invaluable in helping to craft the final program .
I do n’t think we ’d ever completely outsource the process .
It ’s not just a random sequence of talks we put out each year … they need to connect with each other , and flow .
But I DO love the thought of broadening who gets onto the stage .
One unexpected benefit of the TEDx program is that it ’s allowed hundreds of people around the world to organize their own events and invite their own speakers .
Some of them have stunned us … and you ’re going to see some amazing talks going up on the website from TEDx before long .
Also on our to - do list is to give more visibility to the “ my idea worth spreading ” feature , which is already part of anyone ’s profile page on TED.com .
I ’d like to let the community upvote these in a Reddit - like way .
And yes , maybe the best ones could get talk invites .
Thanks for nudging this .
MyrddinE asks : Before TED was ‘ open to the world ’ , how did it work ?
I ’ve never understood what business model TED operates under .
Before my foundation acquired it , TED was a boutique conference run as a for - profit business by its visionary founder Richard Saul Wurman .
People paid a large fee to come to a conference in California once a year and , just through word - of - mouth , enough came for it to be a commercial success .
Although I placed it inside a nonprofit foundation , the core conference has continued to grow , and is highly profitable , generating the money for all the other endeavors we ’ve launched : TED Prize , TED Fellows , TEDx and most of all … the release of talks on TED.com .
Remarkably , the community who come to the conference , far from resenting the fact we ’re giving away the content now , have been cheering us on .
My first couple years running TED , our entire team was five people .
Now we ’re at about 50 and continuing to grow .
It ’s been exhilarating seeing so many around the world respond to these talks .
200 million have been watched online since 2006 , and the pace has dramatically accelerated in the last year .
( Now more than 400 k are watched every day . )
Reddit has been one of the best drivers of traffic .
TED - like talks never worked on TV , because it ’s too easy to change channels on the first “ um . ”
But on the back of an email recommendation from a friend , or a Reddit community front page endorsement , people will patiently listen through the first few minutes , enough time to get hooked … and lo and behold , a good talk can go viral .
So thank you to each of you .
You ’re all part of this .
By Tim Lees 21st March 2018
The front page of a website is more often than not the single most important page when it comes to your website .
The homepage has a difficult job as it needs to do many different jobs ; it often draws the most traffic of any single page on your website and to a first time visitor it is usually the first page that is seen so the homepage has to act as a shop window to your service or products , inviting users to convert in the guise of either sign ...
Read Article
The Boise Sad Cowbell Girl Meme started out so innocently , with Internet lurkers delighting to her lackluster cowbell stylings .
And then , we found out she was blind and that we , subsequently , are bad , bad people .
The viral video , featuring a beret - wearing college student banging on a cowbell ( bereft of joy ) , was posted to YouTube yesterday after the Fiesta Bowl .
Soon , it made its way to sites like College Humor , and inevitable spin - offs were concocted , such as " Boise Sad Cowbell Girl Does n't Fear the Reaper " ( as you can see , some smart cookie took that vid down , along with the original ) .
The mockery was short - lived , however , as a tweet by Boise State student Gloria Miller revealed that the girl in question is , in fact , blind , and did not notice the camera panning by her .
Although I myself did not find this video all that funny — seriously , it ended and I was like , " Wha ?
That 's it ? " — the aftermath of the realization is rather fascinating .
Internet memes , while hilarious , are usually inherently cruel .
I guess that there are limits to what even the most hardened of humorists will tolerate .
Who would have thunk it ?
Who knew ?
Thank goodness , Vice President Joe Biden went on CNN to chat with Larry King Wednesday night .
So many think things are not going so well for the Democrat administration , as The Ticket chronicled here .
Many Americans recall the ex-Sen .
Biden 's Democratic primary plans to give in to Iraq 's fractious factions and carve the country into three territories .
And even more probably recall Biden 's boss ' plan to halt the Iraq war years ago .
As long as it got started anyway without the permission of the then state senator .
Plus , of course , the vehement opposition of the Nobel Prize winner to the 2007 American troop surge of you - know - who from Texas that Obama knew for certain was only going to worsen sectarian strife there .
( See 2007 video here . ) ....
Well , of course , it did n't turn out that way , thanks in large measure to the brave service of hundreds of thousands of U.S. troops who served in that war - torn land and helped peace to break out despite the loud political acrimony back home over their role .
Now , the Obama - Biden pair that opposed the Iraq war and its tactics and predicted their failure is prepared to accept credit for its success .
It seems that Biden , who 's from Delaware when he's in Delaware and Pennsylvania when in Pennsylvania , is certain now that Iraq will turn out to be one of the Obama - Biden administration 's greatest achievements .
No , really .
Here 's how Biden put it to Lar :
I am very optimistic about -- about Iraq .
I mean , this could be one of the great achievements of this administration .
You 're going to see 90,000 American troops come marching home by the end of the summer .
You 're going to see a stable government in Iraq that is actually moving toward a representative government .
I spent -- I 've been there 17 times now .
I go about every two months -- three months .
I know every one of the major players in all the segments of that society .
It 's impressed me .
I 've been impressed how they have been deciding to use the political process rather than guns to settle their differences .
Biden did not elaborate on what all the administration 's other " great achievements " were so far .
No doubt , Iraqis too are very thankful for that 2008 U.S. election .
( Full King transcript here . )
-- Andrew Malcolm
Talk about success , openly click here to receive Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item all day every day .
Or follow us @latimestot .
You can also go to our new Facebook fan page here
Photo : Lorenzo Bevilaqua / CNN
ATLANTA  After the upstart Club Onyx started taking business from other strip clubs , the operators of rival Platinum 21 dreamed up ways to shut it down .
They tried littering the place with roaches , then infesting it with rats .
And when all else failed , prosecutors say , they tried to burn the place down .
The January 2007 fire shut down Club Onyx for six months and caused $ 1.8 million in damage and lost sales , according to court documents .
It also led to a federal case against three employees of Platinum 21 , who were each sentenced Tuesday to federal prison on conspiracy to commit arson charges .
Sandeo Dyson , a 46 - year - old security chief who set the club ablaze , and Boyd Smith , the 41 - year - old manager charged with helping to plot the arson , were both sentenced to five years in prison .
Harold " Bit " Thrower , the club 's corporate manager , was sentenced to three years for arranging the deal .
" Setting afire a rival business to gain a competitive edge is not only a threat to free enterprise , it is a crime of violence , " said Gregory Gant , the head of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ' Atlanta bureau .
" Every time an arsonist strikes a match , the loss of human life is a distinct possibility . "
Competition is heated among the 35 or so strip clubs in the Atlanta area , said a local lawyer who represents the adult industry , adding that he 's aware of at least two other arson plots since the early 1980s among dueling club owners .
The crowded market is fed by a steady stream of convention attendees and other tourists , coupled with laws that allow drinks to be served at the clubs .
" Atlanta has the very rare combination of alcohol and nude dancing , which you do n't find in many places in the country , " said Alan Begner , whose clients have included adult book stores , clubs and strippers .
" And that also means there is competition . "
Club Onyx shook up Atlanta 's adult entertainment scene in late 2006 , hosting parties for rap stars and attracting an upscale young clientele .
The club soon became a destination for high - rollers who flocked to its spacious dance floor and themed events .
And soon it was hurting the bottom line of Platinum 21 , an aging club in northeast Atlanta , according to court testimony by Thrower .
Thrower compared it to a " single - wide trailer competing with the Taj Mahal " at trial last year .
Thrower told his employees in November 2006 that their pay would be cut if the club 's revenues continued to drop .
He told ATF investigators that he hired Dyson , an Army veteran , to " solve the Club Onyx problem , " according to a federal affidavit .
But when rodents and bugs did n't derail the club 's success , Thrower testified he and Smith , the club 's manager , paid Dyson $ 5,000 to burn it down .
The fire devastated the club , whose manager declined to comment Tuesday .
But it left an internal surveillance system intact .
The videotape showed a man starting the fire and then scurrying out of the building .
Still , the case went unsolved for six months until ATF agents zeroed in on Thrower .
He led them to Smith and Dyson , an Army medic who was moonlighting at Platinum 21 .
Thrower and Dyson both pleaded guilty and testified against Smith during a six - day trial in February .
Smith 's attorney during the trial argued his client had nothing to do with the fire and that prosecutors were relying on unsavory witnesses worried about protecting themselves .
The jury deliberated for four hours before convicting Smith last February .
At the sentencing hearing , Dyson apologized for damaging the reputation of the Army while Smith professed his innocence , maintaining he played a minor role in the plot .
Thrower , meanwhile , received a lesser sentence because of his history of cooperating with authorities .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Making science and art stand out ( Image : Leah Buechley )
Move over Kindle , there ’s a new type of electronic book on the scene – and this one ’s got pop-ups .
The Electronic Popable book , developed by the High - Low Tech group at the MIT Media Lab in Cambridge , has electronic circuitry embedded in its pages that transforms the tabs , flaps and wheels of a traditional pop-up into switches and a variety of sensors .
The interactive pages come alive with LED lights , sounds and even vibrate in response to touch .
Advertisement
Venus fly traps spring up invitingly from one page ; sensors in the trap ’s jaws respond to the user ’s touch , gently closing around the probing finger as it withdraws .
The sensors control the amount of electric current flowing through springs in the leaf .
The springs are made of the shape memory alloy nickel - titanium and contract to close the leaf shut as their coils are heated by the current .
The leaves reopen as the wire cools .
Conductive paints
To create the pages for the book , mechanical engineer Jie Qi and Lab director Leah Buechley used off - the - shelf electrically conductive paints and fabrics , adding custom - made magnetic components programmed using a standard integrated circuit , known as a microcontroller .
“ The innovation was in finding new uses for these easily available materials , ” Qi says .
With this book they have achieved the perfect balance between technique and aesthetics , says Sally Rosenthal , pop-up collector and executive producer of Between the Folds , a documentary film on origami .
“ The Electronic Popable stands out as a compelling example of the oneness of science and art . ”
Paper computing
Aside from its artistic impact , this experiment in paper computing offers a neat lesson in engineering design .
“ Lines you draw with something like silver paint could be both functional and decorative , ” Qi points out .
Conductive paints could help readers learn about electronics , providing a functional and illustrative example on the page , Qi says .
The group plans to explore how the craft material can be used to build circuits and serve as a learning tool .
This battery - operated pop-up book will be presented at the Tangible , Embedded and Embodied Interfaces conference in Cambridge , Massachusetts , next week .
Advertisements
While leaving a Hawaii hospital that he was admitted to for chest pains , Rush Limbaugh used himself as an example of why the health care system does not need reformed .
Limbaugh said that the healthcare system works , “ just fine and dandy , ” but the Hawaii system is the model for the Democratic reform plan , and the hospital is unionized .
Limbaugh has cluelessly endorsed socialized medicine and unionization .
Here is the video of Limbaugh :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ The people here at Queens Hospital could not have been better .
I feel very , very fortunate .
I have been treated to the best healthcare the world has to offer , and that is right here in the United States of America .
” Later Limbaugh added , “ ” Based on what happened to me here , I do n’t think there is one thing wrong with the American health care system .
It is working just fine , just dandy … ”
It was the SEIU Blog which pointed out that Limbaugh was actually praising Hawaii ’s healthcare system which is one of the most socialized systems in the US , “ Since 1974 , Hawaii has required all employers to provide quality health care benefits to any employee who works 20 hours a week or more .
Because of Hawaii ’s increased coverage , reports the New York Times , ‘ hospital and insurance executives in Hawaii say they have been able to innovate efficiencies . ' ”
On top of this the staff at the hospital that Limbaugh was admitted to is unionized .
As the SEIU pointed out , “ All private - sector acute care hospital RNs are organized , with just two known exceptions .
We ’re guessing this might have something to do with why Limbaugh found the Hawaii hospital staff ’s work so ‘ confidence - inspiring . ’
Once again , Limbaugh has opened his mouth and inserted his foot .
It seems that socialized medicine was n’t so bad , when it benefited him .
As the man himself pointed out , he got no special treatment from the hospital due to his status or wealth , so much his argument about the rationing of care .
Without even being conscious of it , Limbaugh has made himself a bright shining example of what unionized hospitals and socialized medicine can do , and I am sure that the pro-reform forces appreciate it .
Everybody thinks they know all about Voltaire — they remember “ Candide ” from school days and they have seen his story adapted for the movies and Broadway .
Today , 232 years after his death , he remains by far the best known of the 18th - century intellectual giants .
But the truth is , there is a lot more pure gold buried in his voluminous output .
So much of his 15 - million - word legacy is so exceptional and so little known .
Voltaire is one of those authors from the past who manages to resonate today .
Perhaps his most important poem is the work dealing with the randomness of the Lisbon earthquake of 1755 , echoing sentiments about the recent Haiti tragedy .
The two earthquakes wreaked similar degrees of death and destruction .
These lines from his “ Poem on the Lisbon Disaster ” asked why it had to happen .
Some Haitian poet is probably reworking it now :
Would you say , seeing this heap of victims ,
That God is avenged , that their death is payment for their crimes ?
What crimes , what bad things have been committed by these children ,
Lying on the breasts of their mothers , flattened and bloody ?
Programming in C
UNIX System Calls and Subroutines using C .
A. D. Marshall 1994 -2005
Substantially Updated March 1999
Download Postscript Version of Notes
Click Here to Download Course Notes .
Local Students
Only .
Algorithm Animations
Direct link to Java Algorithm Animations ( C related )
C COURSEWARE
Lecture notes + integrated exercises , solutions and marking
Online Marking of C Programs --- CEILIDH
Dave Marshall
29/3/1999
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Conservatives are promising to make teaching " brazenly elitist " by improving the quality of graduates entering the profession in England .
Leader David Cameron said there would be no financial help with training for those who failed to get at least a second - class university degree .
But those with the highest grades in maths and science could have student loans paid off , he added .
The Tories also say they will recruit high - flyers from other professions .
But Labour called the plans an " airbrushed re-announcement " of old policies .
The main parties are vying for the middle - class vote at the forthcoming general election , which is widely expected to happen on 6 May .
Bonuses Labour has announced plans to encourage top professions and universities to attract people from deprived backgrounds , including setting up a commission to look at social mobility .
However , in his speech , Mr Cameron emphasised the importance of getting more good teachers into the classroom .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
This would include raising the required standard of entry and setting up a scheme - called Teach Now - to encourage people who had succeeded in other professions to go into education .
To cope with a shortage of maths and science teachers , the Conservatives are promising to pay off student loans for applicants with upper second - or first - class degrees in these subjects from " good universities " .
Meanwhile , financial help with postgraduate teacher training would be removed for those who have achieved a third - class degree or lower .
But , according to the Training and Development Agency for Schools in England , this only accounts for 2 % of postgraduate primary trainees and 4 % of postgraduate secondary trainees .
Unveiling his proposals , Mr Cameron told an audience at a school in south - east London he would make teaching " the new noble profession " .
He said : " We need much greater flexibility than currently exists - flexibility over rewarding the best and , yes , getting rid of the worst .
" So we will free schools to pay good teachers more .
With our plans , head teachers will have the power to use their budgets to pay bonuses to the best teachers . "
' Best talent ' Mr Cameron said : " Everyone remembers a teacher who made a difference through sheer force of personality . "
He added : " The quality of a teacher is the single most important factor in a child 's educational progress .
" Those taught by the best teachers make three times as much progress as those taught by the worst . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
Teachers should be literate , erudite , well - grounded , humanitarian , free - thinking and humble Bibi Bibi , UK He highlighted the education systems in Finland , Singapore and South Korea as deliberately promoting teaching as a prestigious profession .
" They are brazenly elitist - making sure only the top graduates can apply .
They have turned it into the career path if you 've got a good degree .
" And in America , President Obama is offering financial incentives to attract more science graduates into teaching .
We should be equally bold here . "
Mr Cameron said the existing Teach First scheme - which aims to get " exceptional graduates " working in " challenging " secondary schools - had to be widened to include institutions placed in " special measures " .
This is currently not permitted .
' Larger classes '
For Labour , Schools Secretary Ed Balls said : " The fact is that teaching has been transformed from a demoralised profession in 1997 to the number one choice for graduates today .
" To attract top professionals to make a career change into teaching we are already working with over 400 leading employers , focusing on key subjects like maths and science .
" And to put teaching on the same footing as high - status professions like doctors and lawyers we are introducing a new Licence to Practise with a right for all teachers to get ongoing training and career development .
It 's time the Tories backed these reforms . "
Liberal Democrat schools spokesman David Laws said : " With the Conservatives targeting the education budget for cuts , their proposals will mean fewer teachers and even larger class sizes .
" We need to get better qualified people into teaching , but the Tories can't be trusted to do this .
Their plans to slash education spending will mean that schools will simply not have the cash to pay good teachers more . "
Christine Blower , general secretary of the National Union of Teachers , said : " Being ' brazenly elitist ' could mean being brazenly exclusive of those potential teachers who through no fault of their own have had a tough time in achieving the necessary qualifications .
" Teaching is an extremely demanding profession and not everyone can do it , even those with first - class degrees .
" While qualifications are obviously necessary , being a good teacher is not dependent on academic ability alone . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bosch cut 600 jobs at its Miskin plant late in 2008
About 900 jobs will be lost after the motor parts maker Bosch announced the closure of its south Wales plant .
Earlier plans being considered at the Vale of Glamorgan site had included the option of 300 job cuts or complete closure .
The firm says it has now decided to recommend closure to its board , transferring work to Hungary in 2011 .
Management of the German - owned company spent Thursday informing the workforce , following three months of consultation .
In a statement , it said consultations are now being extended until February , as unions and staff attempt to thrash out redundancy terms .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Stefan Asenkerschbaumer , president of the Bosch starter motors division , said he " deeply regretted " that a " solution " could not be found for the plant , where he had previously been manager .
" I know first - hand the dedication and commitment of the employees here , " he said .
" Therefore , this is for me personally one of the toughest decisions in my career . "
The company said it was facing the worst economic downturn for decades , saying that this had " left its mark on the Bosch Group " .
It said that compared to 2008 , sales of its alternator products made at the site near Miskin were down 45 % in 2009 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Without structural adjustment the long - term commercial future of the whole division is at serious risk , " added Dr Asenkerschbaumer .
Bosch warned the workforce in September last year that jobs were at risk unless demand and sales improved .
In 2008 , the firm laid off 600 contracted and agency staff at the site .
Announcing the 90 - day consultation in October , it warned that it expected a sales decline to continue , slashed by up to 65 % in 2010 .
The union Unite , which represents much of the workforce at the site said it had spent the last three months in detailed discussions with the company , in a bid to save the plant .
Nick Servini , BBC
Wales business correspondent
This announcement comes at a time when , ironically , most people felt the worst of the job losses were behind us in this recession .
It should act as a sharp reminder about how difficult any economic recovery will be if a blue chip manufacturer like Bosch is pulling out of Wales next year .
And the shockwaves will be felt in many communities as workers travel to this huge plant from all over south Wales .
The blame game will inevitably begin now .
Most people accept that Bosch was in a difficult position as a result of the huge fall in sales .
But critics will claim that the Miskin plant was always vulnerable with investment in the new generation of alternators going to other countries .
Regional officer David Lewis said : " We 'd asked the company to look at alternative production means - they say they have done that .
" There is no opportunity there because the markets in whichever section that we talked about has unfortunately been adversely affected .
" The work simply is n't there - there 's overcapacity in a great number of divisions of Bosch . "
Mr Lewis said he understood that the factory would now close in the summer of 2011 .
" The truth is that when the company made the ( consultation ) announcement in October of last year that the vast majority of employees felt there was n't too much that we could do , " said Mr Lewis .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I think everyone is bitterly disappointed that there 's not a hope of something being retained .
" The company confirmed that they have a very skilled , a good workforce , but that does n't take away from the destruction of people 's livelihoods and the difficulties for their families .
" So , they are completely and utterly bereft I think of what they can see for the future . "
Plant director Adam Willmott said move was one of " pure economics " after a feasibility study had concluded the switch to Hungary , where labour costs were 65 % of those at the plant , was necessary to gain the benefit of economies of scale .
He said : " The decision today is one of pure economics and is really a not reflection at all on the workforce " .
" Unfortunately over the last 18 months , we have the recessions biting , which has been a big problems for the Bosch group .
" The problem is we have really investigated it depth and with the huge cost pressures that we are facing , we really have no other chance other than to bring the production together , consolidate it , and really look for the economies of scale with the lower labour costs .
" The product we are producing is very much a commodity and it's a very , very tough market at the moment in the automotive industry . "
Deputy First Minister Ieuan Wyn Jones said the assembly government was pledging its full support to the workers .
Bosch is situated in the M4 corridor in south Wales " This is extremely disappointing news and a significant blow to the hard working and highly - skilled employees of Bosch and the wider community , " he said .
" We have regularly met with senior representatives of the company , and today I met with them again to press the case for keeping the plant open .
Despite our efforts , we deeply regret that Bosch have come to this decision to proceed with the option to phase out production .
" If this decision goes through , we will continue to do everything possible to help those affected , whether it is helping them find new jobs or gain new skills so they can start alternative careers . "
Jane Hutt , Labour AM for the Vale of Glamorgan , said Welsh assembly officials and the first and deputy ministers had met directors visiting from Germany to tell them what help was available from the assembly government .
She said : " It 's disappointing because we 've offered everything .
" This is about Bosch recognising that we 've invested over the last two decades to make sure that Bosch could come .
" We 've done everything , the local authorities and former local authority ministers have done everything they could to make sure Bosch could be there and have the best advantage , so it 's a bitter disappointment . "
Here are a selection of your comments .
As an ex employee who was in at the start when the plant was being built , I am very sad to see this news .
I am also very angry and upset for all the highly qualified and skilled people who have been shafted by Bosch .
The Wales plant has been sacrificed to keep the inefficient Spanish plant in Tratoe , nr Bilboa open due to pacts made with the Spanish unions .
One of the flagship plants , technically and performance , now has to close because of this .
Absolutely disgusted that this has happened , and deeply sympathetic for the people concerned .
Phil , South Wales
I 'm not an economist but is n't it plain to see that it 's just not the 600 jobs that go but probably a large percentage of these people will unwillingly now have to claim from our never ending supply of benefits .
There are only so many mobile phone and fast food jobs to sustain this country ????
Craig , Merthyr Tydfil
There 's already a Bosch plant in Hungary , which in fact has been hit last year with huge layoffs .
Companies will switch countries in search of lower costs and it wil only stop when all countries providing similar conditions ( skilled workforce , infrastructure , etc ) will be at par with production costs .
Unemployment is high here and people are taking wage cuts .
Andre , Hungary ( formerly Portugal ) I wonder what incentives the Hungarian government gave Bosch ?
We are beginning to see the nightmare of an ecconomic model in which firms can just walk out of Wales and set up shop anywhere in the EU .
Given average wages in some countries are at less than a third of those in UK and with the EU pump priming eastern Europe 's infrastructure this trend is set to continue .
Julien , Sadly , I fear this will be one of the many post - Christmas bad news stories about further cuts to production in the U.K .
I sympathise with all the families that will endure the fallout from these job losses .
S East , Faringdon , Oxfordshire
This is a tragic outcome for this part of South Wales .
Undoubtably there have been incentives from Hungary to move Bosch and as an ex manufacturing MD I do understand why they might well have considered this .
This is not a cheap execise .
Time for the Welsh Assembly to step in with bold moves to protect manufacturing in this region and perhaps central government to divert bankers bonus to something real worthwhile .
It may also be time for the workforce to make a gesture in terms of a lesser remuneration .
Other companies have done this , not ideal but better than nothing at all .
Howard G Davis , Pentyrch Cardiff
Don't blame
Bosch blame the ridiculously high taxes in this country .
You do n't see all of them on your payslip for instance employers national insurance which is something like 13 % of annual salary extra an employer has to pay the government to employ someone .
Adam Dee , warwickshire
Same thing has happened up here on Anglesey .
Eaton Electrics closed , relocates to Austria and the biggest highest paying employer - Anglsey Aluminium ( part of RTZ ) , closed relocating to Czech Republic ( and other places )
This is part and parcel of being in the EU - there are skilled educated workforces at a fraction of the cost in eastern europe so big business abuses it .
andy williams , Holyhead , Wales , UK
If this company have the problen in sale of its product then how can it be resolved by shifting the plant to another Country , its mean it want to either reduce the cost of production or give incentive to other .
Zaheer hussain , Bradford
In five years the production will relocate to China for precisely the same reason as its now moving to Hungary .
Welcome to economics 101 .
Mat , Sofia , Bulgaria so the uk pays into the eec , and now that money is going to another eec state , to take the uks jobs away ... good thinking ... NOT
r edwards , malaga spain I completely agree with Bosch 's decision to leave .
Britain becomes increasingly unattractive to foreign investment and not only the government should do something about it , but also the people themselves .
Alekx ,
More short term profitably decisions will ensure this poor manager 's bonus for the next few years -
It seems to me the recession is an excuse to resructure .
Hungary needs the investment I 'm sure , you can't blame them offering to work for less , I 'd do the same if I were them .
Perhaps in the future Brits will become economic migrants to eastern Europe , as am I to the USA .
David Gough , Seattle , WA ( Formerly uk )
Once again a foreign company has found it all too easy to shut down a UK plant with the total loss of employment to all of its workers .
James , Southminster , UK
Why if things are so bad for Bosch they are finding the money to transfer all production to Hungary .
Is it just that they are being given a huge incentive to transfer operations to that country , leaving behind a dedicated skilled workforce .
kelvin stone , melksham , england A non involved person .
If there is no work for Wales .
How can they transfer work to another country ?
M Rowlet , Ipswich , Suffolk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ur table is ready .
Right this way , sir ...
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
* Texas suit one of several to challenge EPA
* EPA pursuing CO2 rules if Congress does not act ( Adds byline , American Petroleum Institute petition , others )
DALLAS , Feb 16 ( Reuters ) - Texas and several national industry groups on Tuesday filed separate petitions in federal court challenging the government ’s authority to regulate U.S. greenhouse gas emissions .
Texas , which leads U.S. states in carbon dioxide emissions due to its heavy concentration of oil refining and other industries , will see a major impact if U.S. mandatory emissions reductions take effect .
In December , the Environmental Protection Agency ruled that greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide endanger human health , opening the door for the agency to issue mandatory regulations to reduce them .
Texas said it had filed a petition for review challenging the EPA ’s “ endangerment finding ” with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit .
Texas has also asked the EPA to reconsider its ruling .
“ The EPA ’s misguided plan paints a big target on the backs of Texas agriculture and energy producers and the hundreds of thousands of Texans they employ , ” Texas Gov. Rick Perry said .
The National Association of Manufacturers , the American Petroleum Institute , and the National Petrochemical and Refiners Association also said on Tuesday they filed a petition challenging the EPA in federal appeals court .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and U.S. iron and steel makers have also signaled they would file lawsuits .
Environmental groups said Texas should focus on building cleaner energy sources instead of filing lawsuits .
“ Governor Perry should win an Olympic medal for taking the environment downhill , ” said Luke Metzger at Environment Texas .
“ Global warming is the greatest environmental threat facing Texas and the planet and Governor Perry ’s obstructionism puts the state at great risk . ”
Conservative Republicans like Perry have been sounding the alarm of job losses in the debate over regulating greenhouse gas emissions -- a hot - button issue at a time of high joblessness and economic uncertainty .
The EPA is threatening to regulate carbon emissions if Congress does not .
In June , the House of Representatives narrowly passed a cap and trade bill that would allow industry to buy and trade pollution permits , but the legislation has stalled in the Senate .
President Barack Obama would rather have Congress pass a bill that could provide more protections for industry while also controlling pollution .
But he is using the threat of EPA regulation to encourage lawmakers .
Some prominent Senate Democrats have predicted that comprehensive climate control legislation , including a cap - and - trade mechanism , will not pass this year .
The banker in the background was caught off - guard during the broadcast Campaigns to save the job of an Australian banker caught viewing erotic images in the background of a live TV interview are growing on the internet .
Business website Here Is The City News has launched a Save Dave section , in support of Macquarie banker David Kiely , who reportedly could be fired .
More than a dozen groups sympathetic to Mr Kiely have been set up on Facebook .
Mr Kiely became an internet sensation after video of him viewing images of model Miranda Kerr appeared on YouTube .
He is due to meet bank chiefs this week , when his future will be decided , media reports say .
' Practical joke '
Mr Kiely was seen viewing images of a semi- naked Ms Kerr as a colleague was being interviewed live on the Channel 7 evening news programme .
The guy does n't deserve to be dismissed
Comment on Here Is The City News website
He turned around part way through , apparently in surprise , fuelling speculation that he was the victim of a practical joke .
There are reports that Mr Kiely was deliberately sent an email containing the images and opened it unwittingly , before being told to look round , with the broadcast still in progress .
Messages of support for the banker 's plight have been posted on internet campaign sites .
" Macquarie will be making a PR mistake if David Kiely is sacked , " said a comment on Here Is The City News .
" I 'm not a banker , but I have joined the campaign regardless , " said another .
" The guy does n't deserve to be dismissed . "
The London - based website said it was campaigning for Mr Kiely to keep his job , and was urging readers to email the bank directly with messages of support .
Meanwhile , the incident has generated a surge of interest in Ms Kerr - a 26 - year - old Australian fashion and advertising model .
The number of searches for her name on Google soared by 100 % after the appearance of the clip on YouTube .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Obama administration is backing $ 675,000 in damages a Massachusetts student must pay the Recording Industry Association of America for file sharing 30 songs .
The Justice Department , where President Barack Obama has tapped five former RIAA lawyers to serve , said copyright infringement " creates a public harm that Congress determined must be deterred . "
The administration 's court filing Tuesday is the latest in the case of Joel Tenenbaum , a Boston University graduate student who was the nation 's second defendant to go to trial against the RIAA on file sharing charges .
Most of the 30,000 civil cases the music industry has brought have settled out of court .
After the July verdict in a Boston federal court , Tenenbaum 's defense team mounted a legal challenge , saying the damages were unconstitutional because they were disproportionate to the harm the industry suffered .
The Copyright Act allows fines ranging from $ 750 to $ 150,000 per infringement , all at a judge or jury 's discretion .
" The current damages range provides compensation for copyright owners because , inter alia , there exist situations in which actual damages are hard to quantify , " the Justice Department wrote .
" Furthermore , in establishing the range , Congress took into account the need to deter the millions of users of new media from infringing copyrights in an environment where many violators believe they will go unnoticed . "
Among other things , Tenenbaum 's legal team wants the damages reduced to $ 750 per song .
The Obama administration and the Bush administration have supported file sharing damages of up to $ 150,000 per track .
The Justice Department often weighs into cases when the constitutionality of laws are at issue , as copyright attorney Ben Sheffner notes .
U.S. District Judge Nancy Gertner did not indicate when she would rule in Tenenbaum 's case .
The only other file sharer to go to trial against the RIAA was Jammie Thomas - Rasset .
The RIAA won a whopping $ 1.92 million verdict against the Minnesota woman this summer for sharing 24 songs on Kazaa .
A similar motion to set aside that verdict is pending .
See Also :
When influential music website Pitchfork listed its 100 greatest albums of the 1970s – which in certain other lists is calculated to be the greatest decade for rock music – the modestly immodest , driven , musical non-musician Brian Eno was directly and indirectly involved in at least a quarter of them , including the number one , Low , on which he collaborated with a nomadic , post - " Fame " David Bowie and the producer Tony Visconti .
As an intellectually mobile loner , scene - setter , systems lover , obstinate rebel , techno - prophet , sensual philosopher , courteous progressive , close listener , gentle heretic , sound planner , adviser explorer , pedant and slick conceptual salesman , and devoted fan of the new , undrab and surprising , wherever it fell between John Cage and Little Richard , or Duchamp and doo wop , or Mondrian and Moog , Eno busily and bossily remodelled pop music during the 70s .
He looked at what the Velvet Underground , Can , Steve Reich and the Who had done , went forth and multiplied .
Eno created an atmosphere , and helped determine what the history of electronic music was between the avant garde 1950s and the pop 21st century .
He demonstrated – as an abstract part of the early and surreal Roxy Music , the evocative Bowie Berlin trilogy Heroes / Low / Lodger , the nervy NY Talking Heads , as a floating collaborator with Nico , John Cale , Robert Wyatt , Cluster , Robert Fripp , Kevin Ayers , Jon Hassell and Harold Budd , as stern futurist mentor to Devo and Ultravox , as discerning curator of the beautifully conceived contemporary music label Obscure , as careful discoverer of the pulseless , wordless , eventless , timeless music he lovingly called " ambient " – that pop music was where you could be the kind of artist he wanted to be .
In 1981 , he designed the influential sound and content of My Life in the Bush of Ghosts with David Byrne – the prestigious culmination of his solo and group work in the 1970s , the studio combining of inner space , other worlds , random impressions , scrupulous visions , found sound , taped memories , cut - up text , stolen rhythms , daring edits , painted space , original borrowing , inquisitive permutations , mutant gospel and electronic interference .
Then there was U2 and recently , as if relishing the snobbish horror of those who dismiss U2 as pompous irritants , he 's attended to another ambitious four - piece male rock group with delusions of splendour , Coldplay , producing their last multi-million selling album and now , at the age of 61 , finishing their next .
A mischievous ghost of the glammed up art pop star Eno that was first noticed as part of the theatre of Roxy Music now haunts the sound and image of the two biggest rock bands in the world who would claim to be , in fact , post - Eno as much as post - punk .
Coldplay did n't really belong anywhere before Eno apart from inside their own success .
Now they have attached themselves via Eno to a very particular history of avant pop practice .
Eno himself is prone to chuckle good naturedly when faced with bemusement at his connection to Coldplay .
He stays behind the scenes , more likely to curate an art festival or present a public lecture on something to do with pleasure , beauty , atheism , perfume or nuclear disarmament than appear to have anything to do with rock or pop music .
If Roxy Music are ever spotted together on stage , he will be somewhere else , searching for something new to astound him .
Much , naturally , has changed since the volatile , fussy , sublime Eno of For Your Pleasure , Here Come The Warm Jets , Discreet Music , Heroes and Once in a Lifetime , but he 's still talking about what he does , and why , working out his place , the place of art , the history of progress , the enigma of meaning , the mechanics of creativity , the mystery of aesthetics , reluctant to think too much about his past in case , as he says , he starts to feel " useless awe towards his former self " but politely prepared to look back at his work if he thinks someone might find it useful .
When you meet him to discuss something or other to do with his always perfectly organised research and development thoughts about something or other , you arrive as he is finishing one conversation with someone about , say , how technology changes the way our brains work , and as you leave someone else is arriving for a conversation about , say , the shrinking divisions between art and science .
Or how Jeremy Clarkson almost moved into the house next to his office which was previously owned by Jason Donovan .
I talked with him as part of a series of conversations that were filmed for a BBC Arena documentary .
On talking : 1
" I heard a recording that had been made of me 35 years ago chatting with some friends and I thought the tape must have sped up because I sounded so fast .
When ­others spoke , they were at a normal speed .
It was me , I was speaking so fast .
What I find both disappointing and reassuring is that I was saying exactly those things I will be saying today .
I do n't know what to make of that .
A few different references , but the basic ideas have n't changed at all .
No difference whatsoever !
I suppose it 's good to see I 've been consistent as sometimes over the years it seems as though it 's all been a bit incoherent , a bit of this , a bit of that , a while doing this , then one of those , followed by three of those .
It seems all over the place when I 'm doing it .
Listening to me now talking then suggests there has been a pattern . "
On the intensity of ideas
" If you grow up in a very strong religion like Catholicism you certainly cultivate in yourself a certain taste for the intensity of ideas .
You expect to be engaged with ideas strongly whether you are for or against them .
If you are part of a religion that very strongly insists that you believe then to decide not to do that is quite a big hurdle to jump over .
You never forget the thought process you went through .
It becomes part of your whole intellectual picture . "
On listening
" If you think of the mid- to late - 50 swhen all of this started to happen for me , the experience of listening to sound was so different from now .
Stereo did n't exist .
If you listened to music outside of church , apart from live music , which was very rare , it was through tiny speakers .
It was a nice experience but a very small experience .
So to go into a church , which is a specially designed and echoey space , and it has an organ , and my grandfather built the organ in the church where we went , suddenly to hear music and singing was amazing .
It was like hearing someone 's album on a tiny transistor radio and then you go and see them in a 60,000 - seater .
It 's huge by comparison .
That had a lot to do with my feeling about sound and space , which became a big theme for me .
How does space make a difference to sound , what 's the difference between hearing something in this room and then another room .
Can you imagine other rooms where you can hear music ?
It also made a difference to how I feel about the communality of music in that the music I liked the most , singing in church , was done by a group of people who were not skilled – they were just a group of people , I knew them in the rest of the week as the coal man and the baker . "
On destiny
" It was a dilemma for me at the end of my time at school .
Am I going into music or painting ?
The Who were important to me when I was working out whether I would go into fine art or popular art .
I felt they had found an important position between the two .
Then the Velvet Underground came along and also made it clear how you could straddle the two somehow .
It helped make my mind up to go into music . "
On recording
" I came out of this funny place where I was interested in the experimental ideas of Cornelius Cardew , John Cage and Gavin Bryars , but also in pop music .
Pop was all about the results and the feedback .
The experimental side was interested in process more than the actual result – the results just happened and there was often very little control over them , and very little feedback .
Take Steve Reich .
He was an important composer for me with his early tape pieces and his way of having musicians play a piece each at different speeds so that they slipped out of synch .
" But then when he comes to record a piece of his like , say , Drumming , he uses orchestral drums stiffly played and badly recorded .
He 's learnt nothing from the history of recorded music .
Why not look at what the pop world is doing with recording , which is making incredible sounds with great musicians who really feel what they play .
It 's because in Reich 's world there was no real feedback .
What was interesting to them in that world was merely the diagram of the piece , the music merely existed as an indicator of a type of process .
I can see the point of it in one way , that you just want to show the skeleton , you do n't want a lot of fluff around it , you just want to show how you did what you did .
As a listener who grew up listening to pop music I am interested in results .
Pop is totally results - oriented and there is a very strong feedback loop .
Did it work ?
No .
We 'll do it differently then .
Did it sell ?
No .
We 'll do it differently then .
So I wanted to bring the two sides together .
I liked the processes and systems in the experimental world and the attitude to effect that there was in the pop , I wanted the ideas to be seductive but also the results . "
On being like nothing else
" In my house in Oxfordshire , we have this big , beautiful Andrew Logan sculpture of a lovely Pegasus with blue glass wings .
When I get a taxi from the station , a driver will always comment on it because it is so striking .
What they often say is , ' What does that stand for then ? '
Or , ' What does that mean ? ' , based on the idea that something exists because it has to tell you something , or it refers to something else , and I realise that this notion is foreign to me .
The earliest paintings I loved were always the most non-referential paintings you can imagine , by painters such as Mondrian .
I was thrilled by them because they did n't refer to anything else .
They stood alone and they were just charged magic objects that did not get their strength from being connected to anything else . "
On singing
" I belong to a gospel choir .
They know I am an atheist but they are very tolerant .
Ultimately , the message of gospel music is that everything 's going to be all right .
If you listen to millions of gospel records – and I have – and try to distil what they all have in common it's a sense that somehow we can triumph .
There could be many thousands of things .
But the message … well , there are two messages … one is a kind of optimism for the future rather than a pessimism .
Gospel music is never pessimistic , it 's never ' oh my god , its all going down the tubes ' , like the blues often is .
Gospel music is always about the possibility of transcendence , of things getting better .
It 's also about the loss of ego , that you will win through or get over things by losing yourself , becoming part of something better .
Both those messages are completely universal and are nothing to do with religion or a particular religion .
They 're to do with basic human attitudes and you can have that attitude and therefore sing gospel even if you are not religious . "
On the synthesiser : 1
" One of the important things about the synthesiser was that it came without any baggage .
A piano comes with a whole history of music .
There are all sorts of cultural conventions built into traditional instruments that tell you where and when that instrument comes from .
When you play an instrument that does not have any such historical background you are designing sound basically .
You 're designing a new instrument .
That 's what a synthesiser is essentially .
It 's a constantly unfinished instrument .
You finish it when you tweak it , and play around with it , and decide how to use it .
You can combine a number of cultural references into one new thing . "
On the synthesiser : 2
" Instruments sound interesting not because of their sound but because of the relationship a player has with them .
Instrumentalists build a rapport with their instruments which is what you like and respond to .
If you were sitting down now to design an instrument you would not dream of coming up with something as ridiculous as an acoustic guitar .
It 's a strange instrument , it 's very limited and it does n't sound good .
You would come up with something much better .
But what we like about acoustic guitars is players who have had long relationships with them and know how to do something beautiful with them .
You do n't have that with synthesisers yet .
They are a very new instrument .
They are constantly renewing so people do not have time to build long relationships with them .
So you tend to hear more of the technology and less of the rapport .
It can sound less human .
However !
That is changing .
And there is a prediction that I made a few years ago that I 'm very pleased to see is coming true – synthesisers that have inconsistency built into them .
I have always wanted them to be less consistent .
I like it that one note can be louder than the note next to it . "
On the naming of things
" A way to make new music is to imagine looking back at the past from a future and imagine music that could have existed but did n't .
Like East African free jazz , which as far as I know does not exist .
To some extent , this was how ambient music emerged .
My interest in making music has been to create something that does not exist that I would like to listen to , not because I wanted a job as a musician .
I wanted to hear music that had not yet happened , by putting together things that suggested a new thing which did not yet exist .
It 's like having a ready - made formula if you are able to read it .
One of the innovations of ambient music was leaving out the idea that there should be melody or words or a beat … so in a way that was music designed by leaving things out – that can be a form of innovation , knowing what to leave out .
All the signs were in the air all around with ambient music in the mid 1970s , and other people were doing a similar thing .
I just gave it a name .
Which is exactly what it needed .
A name .
A name .
Giving something a name can be just the same as inventing it .
By naming something you create a difference .
You say that this is now real .
Names are very important . "
On talking : 2
" I like to talk about all sorts of things .
I 've never seen the downside of it .
I 've never minded the egghead tag .
It makes sense with my physiognomy anyway .
I 've fought for years the idea that rock and popular art is only about passion and fashion and nothing to do with thinking and examining and if you do think there is something suspicious about you . "
On hindsight
" Instead of shooting arrows at someone else 's target , which I 've never been very good at , I make my own target around wherever my arrow happens to have landed .
You shoot your arrow and then you paint your bulls eye around it , and therefore you have hit the target dead centre . "
On a celebration of human frailty
" The other day I heard a band who had the worst singer , the most out of time drummer and most out of tune guitarist I 've ever heard on a professional record , and I thought , at last , the reaction against pro-tools perfection has set in .
A pro-tools engineer would have sorted it all out , but this band was an actual celebration of human frailty .
It was so rough it was really encouraging . "
On Abba
" In the 70s , no one would admit that they liked Abba .
Now it 's fine .
It 's so kitsch .
Kitsch is an excuse to defend the fact that they feel a common emotion .
If it is kitsch .
you put a sort of frame around something – to suggest you are being ironic .
Actually , you are n't .
You are really enjoying it .
I like Abba .
I did then and I did n't admit it .
The snobbery of the time would n't allow it .
I did admit it when I heard ' Fernando ' ; I could not bear to keep the secret to myself anymore and also because I think there is a difference between Swedish sentimentality and LA sentimentality because the Swedish are so restrained emotionally .
When they get sentimental it's rather sweet and charming .
What we really got me with " Fernando " was what the lower singer was doing , I do n't know her name .
I spent months trying to learn that .
It 's so obscure what she 's doing and very hard to sing .
And then from being a sceptic I went over the top in the other direction .
I really fell for them . "
On Frank Zappa
" Zappa was important to me because I realised I did n't have to make music like he did .
I might have made a lot of music like he did if he had not done it first and made me realise that I did not want to go there .
I did not like his music but I am grateful that he did it .
Sometimes you learn as much from the things you do n't like as from the things you do like .
The rejection side is as important as the endorsement part .
You define who you are and where you are by the things that you know you are not .
Sometimes that 's all the information you have to go on .
I 'm not that kind of person .
You do n't quite know where you are but you find yourself in the space left behind by the things you 've rejected . "
On working with U2 and Coldplay at the same time
" It was fine .
A few jokes .
I felt like a ­philanderer who was with another woman and might make a slip and call her by the wrong name in bed .
I had one computer that had all of the Coldplay stuff and all the U2 stuff .
I had to very carefully label each folder because I was paranoid that I might end up with the same basic track for each group and I would n't notice until it was too late .
There was a chance the same track might have appeared on both albums . "
On ego
" Bono commits the crime of rising above your station .
To the British , it 's the worst thing you can do .
Bono is hated for doing something considered unbecoming for a pop star – meddling in things that apparently have nothing to do with him .
He has a huge ego , no doubt about it .
On the other hand , he has a huge brain and a huge heart .
He 's just a big kind of person .
That 's not easy for some to deal with .
They do n't mind in Italy .
They like larger - than - life people there .
In most places in the world they do n't mind him .
Here , they think he must be conning them . "
On reporting in the 1990s that there was too much music being released and he was not going to add to it any more
" I did n't think it through to be honest . "
On the end of an era
" I think records were just a little bubble through time and those who made a living from them for a while were lucky .
There is no reason why anyone should have made so much money from selling records except that everything was right for this period of time .
I always knew it would run out sooner or later .
It could n't last , and now it 's running out .
I do n't particularly care that it is and like the way things are going .
The record age was just a blip .
It was a bit like if you had a source of whale blubber in the 1840s and it could be used as fuel .
Before gas came along , if you traded in whale blubber , you were the richest man on Earth .
Then gas came along and you'd be stuck with your whale blubber .
Sorry mate – history 's moving along .
Recorded music equals whale blubber .
Eventually , something else will replace it . "
Genes that do n't themselves directly affect the inherited characteristics of an organism but leave them increasingly open to variation may be a significant driving force of evolution , say two Johns Hopkins scientists .
Their proposed amended view of evolution is based on observations of genetic patterns outside of a cell 's DNA and may better explain how organisms , including people , have adapted over hundreds of thousands of years to relatively rapidly changing environments .
This view , which also offers a new explanation for the genetic basis of some persistent , common human diseases , is published the week of Dec. 14 in the early online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" We 're proposing that certain gene variants contribute to heterogeneity in populations , " says Johns Hopkins professor of medicine Andrew Feinberg , M.D. , Ph.D .
" In a fluctuating environment , this gives generations more opportunity to survive , " he adds .
For more than 100 years , mainstream science has embraced the basic tenets of Darwin 's view that characteristics that increase an organism 's ability to survive and reproduce will be passed from generation to generation .
Scientists later demonstrated that stable , significant traits are indeed inherited in the DNA carried in parental genes on chromosomes and randomly distributed to offspring .
Characteristics that affect an organism 's ability to adapt and survive in times of environmental change have been thought to arise by chance through random mutations in an organism 's DNA .
However , this view could not explain how such mutations , which arise only rarely , help organisms of every size and variety adapt quickly enough through time .
Nor could it explain how diseases that lead to a dramatic loss of survival -- such as diabetes , heart disease , autism , and schizophrenia -- persist in populations .
Indeed , genes that directly contribute to these conditions have been difficult to find .
advertisement
Feinberg says some scientists have sought to explain gaps in Darwinian theory with epigenetics , the study of changes to genes that do n't directly affect the DNA sequence , but do affect which genes are turned on or off and therefore which proteins are produced in cells .
Research has shown that environmental conditions , such as diet , sunlight , or viral infections , can bring about epigenetic changes .
However , it is unclear whether these changes persist through several generations in a variable environment .
In a new twist on both of these ideas , Feinberg and Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health professor of biostatistics Rafael Irizarry , Ph.D. , suggest that gene variants or alleles able to take on the challenge and increase random distribution of characteristics might drive the development of the wide variety of traits -- from height to skin tone to disease risk -- seen in modern populations .
The scientists developed this idea through a series of experiments examining epigenetic patterns in groups of mice littermates that were very similar genetically .
From before birth to adulthood , the mice were exposed to the same conditions , living in the same cage and eating the same food .
The researchers then examined the animals ' livers and brains for methylation , a chemical addition to DNA that is one type of epigenetic change .
Though Feinberg and Irizarry expected to see similar methylation patterns due to the rodents ' identical upbringing , they found regions in the animal 's genetic makeup with strikingly different patterns .
Moreover , these regions occurred among genes responsible for determining anatomy during early development .
Using samples of human liver , the researchers found that these " variably methylated regions " were the same , suggesting that these genes are affected similarly by epigenetics from species to species .
advertisement
In another experiment , Feinberg and Irizarry performed a computer simulation in which they calculated the likelihood of a model organism becoming extinct over 1000 generations .
This organism had a trait , Y , which affected survival .
In some simulations , the researchers allowed Y to behave variably , leading some generations to have more surviving members than others .
When the environment in the simulation was static , having a variable Y was a detriment .
However , when the environment changed on a periodic basis , generations with a variable Y created organisms with a wider range of characteristics that were more likely to survive in the long run and not become extinct .
The researchers suggest in the study that the presence of genes that contribute to trait variability might help explain the presence of common diseases .
Much as having a variable Y aided the model organism in their simulation in the long run but were detrimental in a static environment , variability in traits such as the ability to control blood sugar could have helped human ancestors survive to the present but become detrimental in the current environment .
" In the long run , it might be a good thing to have a large spread of people who handle blood sugar differently .
However , in today 's environment , people with a propensity to develop high blood sugar are at a disadvantage , " explains Feinberg .
Feinberg and Irizarry suggest that though it 's unclear how these variability genes acquire such inconsistent epigenetic changes , one mechanism may be environmental influence .
" The interaction between nature and nurture may be simpler than we 've imagined , " Irizarry says .
This is a subject I ’ve been wanting to talk about for a while .
The difference is simple .
There always seems to be two sides to the story : Stay the Same , or Change .
What I find extremely frustrating is that these two choices usually end up with similar results .
The current methods might not be the best , so people opt for change , but change is too vague of a word to guarantee positive results .
If I have a choice , I do n’t just want to change the methods , I want to evolve them .
Opting for change could actually mean negative progress .
At least if you opt for staying the same you are assured it wo n’t get any worse .
The difference between growth and change is incredibly big .
It ’s like the difference between a 40 year old man and a 12 year old boy .
The 40 year old man made some mistakes in his past , but he eventually learned from them and moved forward .
The 12 year old boy continues to make mistakes based on his lack of experience at any one given method of achieving .
Change is like putting yourself , or your company , or your country , through puberty in hyperdrive .
It can cause unnecessary mistakes .
Instead , I believe it ’s necessary to approach things from the 40 year old man view , which ideally is “ this is what I know and what I do well , and I ’m going to stick to it , and for what I do n’t know and what I ’m not good at , I will hire the person who is . ”
Change can be a dirty word .
Growth is way better than change .
It implies keeping the things that you do well , while building on top of that to tackle areas that you missed .
Growth is what everybody needs .
It is truly progress .
Everything else , including loose definitions of change , is standing still or going in reverse .
I believe it ’s important to be clear and specific any time a change is needed .
When considering a “ change ” its always incredibly more safe to specifically define your goals as growth , and continue to proceed accordingly .
I really believe that growth should be demanded all the time , and in all instances that would apply .
I think that even though it is a seemingly small difference on the surface , the results would be surprisingly positive overall .
When faced with the option to change or stay the same , do n’t forget about the hidden option to grow .
This is the definition of a brighter future .
Who do I talk to to swap change for growth permanently in the english language ?
Hopefully there ’s enough you ’s out there .
Thanks for listening .
Written by : Dante Cullari Founder & President Beat - Play , LLC
Cleopatra , as famously portrayed by Elizabeth Taylor
The heavy eye make - up favoured by ancient Egyptians such as Cleopatra may have had medical as well as aesthetic benefits , French research suggests .
The study , published in the journal Analytical Chemistry , suggests it helped to protect against eye disease .
The key appears to be lead salts contained in the make - up .
At very low levels , salts produce nitric oxide , which boosts the immune system to fight off bacteria which can cause eye infection .
The make - up used by the ancient Egyptians to darken and enhance the eyes sometimes took up to a month to concoct .
In theory , because it contained lead it might actually have posed a risk to health .
But an analysis by scientists from the Louvre Museum and the CNRS research institute found that in very low doses lead could actually have a positive effect .
Lead researcher Philippe Walter said : " We knew ancients Greeks and Romans too had noted the make - up had medicinal properties , but wanted to determine exactly how . "
The researchers used a tiny electrode , 1/10th the thickness of a human hair , to look at the effect of lead chloride salt synthesised by the Egyptians - laurionite - on a single cell .
Writing in the journal , they said : " In stimulating nonspecific immunological defences , one may argue that these lead compounds were deliberately manufactured and used in ancient Egyptian formulations to prevent and treat eye illnesses by promoting the action of immune cells . "
The response to our iPad protest and petition has been tremendous : 5,000 people signed in the first 24 hours , with coverage in the technical press , Digg , Slashdot , Reddit , The Guardian , NPR , and more .
The petition is still running , so please sign and share it with friends -- help us hit 10,000 signatures by the end of the day !
Today Defective by Design will deliver the first 5,000 signatures on a giant iPad tablet , direct to Steve Jobs .
We 'll send another tablet for each new block of 5,000 signatures .
In a cover letter accompanying the tablet we are telling Steve Jobs that he still has an opportunity to do the right thing , " 5,000 people in 24 hours took time out of their day to call you out on this , and demand change .
There is still time for you to do the right thing in the next 60 days , before the iPad actually goes on sale .
You can drop the DRM from the device and the App Store , and actually embrace the ideals you claim to stand for -- creativity , freedom , and individuality . "
The tablet includes an evil Steve Jobs head from the Apple 1984 parody advertisement ( thanks Doubletwist ) , and the postage was a bit expensive so we borrowed a stamp from Apple :)
Click on the image below and see if you can spot your signature !
The CUDA library provides a direct , general purpose C - like SPMD programming model for NVIDIA graphics cards ( G8 x series onwards ) .
This is a collection of bindings to allow you to call and control , although not write , such functions from Haskell land .
You will need to install the CUDA driver and developer toolkit ( tested with v2.3 ) .
http://developer.nvidia.com/object/cuda.html
Note that on Snow Leopard , the c2hs preprocessor is confused by the notation for Apple 's Blocks extension , so to work around this :
cabal install --c2hs-option=-ccpp-4.0
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Mr Jeremy hit out at games like Modern Warfare 2 Violent video games have " a much bigger negative influence on kids " than pornography , a leading porn star has claimed .
He said parents should be more worried about the harmful effects of such games .
Mr Jeremy 's comments were made at a session called the Great Porn Debate during the Consumer Electronics Show , CES , in Las Vegas .
His comments angered gamers , who accused him of " ignorance " .
Mr Jeremy 's appearance at CES in Las Vegas caused some raised eyebrows .
He took time away from the Adult Entertainment Expo , which takes place in Las Vegas at the same time as the annual tech fest , to speak out on behalf of his profession and promote some practical tools .
" Studies have found that violent video games are a much bigger negative influence on kids , " Mr Jeremy said .
' Very disappointing '
The remark has caused quite a stir in the games world .
" It 's rather hypocritical behaviour and it does n't speak up for pornography 's merits by merely saying " something else is worse , do n't look at us .
" Very disappointing behaviour from a man who should know better , " said Jim Sterling of gaming news blog Destructoid.com .
The pornography industry has a reputation for being rather technologically advanced
Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter
Read Maggie 's thoughts in full Andy Chalk at video gaming site escapistmagazine.com said Mr Jeremy 's remarks cannot be completely ignored .
" While I do think he 's ( Mr Jeremy ) working from a platform of ignorance , I 'm not quite as certain that the sentiment is entirely wrong .
" I would n't want my kids ( the hypothetical ones , that is ) playing Modern Warfare 2 or becoming overly familiar with Ron 's body of work , but is it really reasonable to say that one is significantly worse than the other ? " asked Mr Chalk .
Mr Jeremy also urged parents to play their part in preventing children from accessing adult websites .
He said the industry already does all it can to protect youngsters .
" Parents can block this stuff and need to stop blaming porn for a bad case of parenting , " Mr Jeremy told BBC News .
" Parents should watch what their kids are doing online and take some responsibility .
Do n't blame us .
We have disclaimers , age notifications and software blockers .
We are doing our bit , " said Mr Jeremy .
That view was backed by a critic of the $ 10 bn ( £ 6.2 bn ) adult entertainment sector .
" Parents are not talking about this with their kids enough , " said Craig Gross , who is a former pastor and has set up a website to help people addicted to pornography .
" We have to have these conversations because for the most part , kids are smarter than their parents when it comes to technology .
Parents need to do more parenting and be more proactive on these issues , " added Mr Gross .
" Safer online " Mr Jeremy was busy promoting the practical tools designed to prevent children from accessing pornography .
Mr Jeremy in black t- shirt was a bit hit with techies at CES " Because we make porn , we are the bad guys .
We do n't want kids to watch porn but yes we recognise that it happens .
We are not in favour of that , " said Mr Jeremy who has appeared in over 2000 films .
Now the man voted America 's top porn actor by the Adult Video Network , has put his weight and influence behind a number of software blocking tools .
These include InternetSafety.com 's
Safe Eyes family internet management software which will automatically block access to online pornographic content .
" We 're not just all about restrictions and rules .
We want the family to talk about being safer online , " said Aaron Kenny , the chief technology officer for InternetSafety.com .
Coming to the aid of the porn industry is an unlikely figure in the shape of the Association of Sites Advocating Child Protection , ASACP , a non-profit group that works to enforce anti-child pornography laws .
" The porn industry has gotten a bad rap , " Joan Irvine , the chief executive officer of ASACP told the BBC .
" They are doing so much in order to develop technology or using our systems because they do n't want kids out there watching porn , or being in it .
They recognise that it is n't good for business and would lead to more scrutiny so they police themselves well , " added Ms Irvine .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
First , the internet .
Then smartphones .
Now it looks like Google wants its piece of the energy pie as well .
The company created a " Google Energy " subsidiary last month .
It 's also applied to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to be allowed to buy and sell power , like utilities .
What exactly does the internet search leader want with energy ?
To be that much closer to taking over the world ?
Possibly .
But it 's more likely that the company just wants to enhance and protect its profit margin .
The New York Times '
Bits blog reports :
Google said it did not have specific plans to become an energy trader and that its primary goal was to gain flexibility for buying more renewable energy for its power - hungry data centers .
" We want to have the ability to procure renewable energy to offset power usage of our operations , " said Niki Fenwick , a Google spokeswoman .
Ms. Fenwick said that having access to more renewable energy could help the company fulfill its goal to become " carbon neutral . "
Right , because Google runs on energy , literally .
Think about the thousands of databases and computer terminals sucking power 24 - 7 at Google 's headquarters each day .
Does it really want to have to rely on electric companies to control its energy costs ?
If it had some power over its energy sources , that could bend its cost curve dramatically .
So what Google is likely doing here is bracing for the inevitable increase in energy prices associated with the depletion of fossil fuels .
It would likely prefer to shape its energy destiny by relying on cheaper , renewable energy sources in the years to come .
While this has pleasant environmental implications , there 's little doubt that Google has economic reasons for this endeavor as well .
But why the need to trade energy ?
Because if it eventually goes off the grid and lines up agreements with independent electricity producers , then it could end up with a deficit -- or surplus -- of energy at any given time .
The company would benefit from greater flexibility to buy and sell that energy .
Or maybe it 's just part of Google 's plan for world domination .
Perhaps , one day , we 'll all get our energy from Google .
And our mobile phones , maps , books , e-mail , videos , searches . . .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A new cookbook offers 50 ways to rethink those legs , thighs , and whole birds .
We know it ’s still hot outside , and we do n’t care .
It ’s time to braise chickpeas , bourguignon that beef , and maybe gamjatang .
Great versions exist around the world , but it ’s not the only soul - satisfying tonic in the pot .
Dale DeGroff is back with an update of his drink - world - shifting The Craft of the Cocktail .
In Sri Lanka , the way to a more flavorful butter cake begins with a homemade chai blend .
Writer Javier Cabral and chef Jocelyn Ramirez talk jackfruit carnitas and why “ calling in ” can be an act of love .
Coffee is in our hands , and on our minds , constantly .
And this special issue tackles the world of coffee from all directions .
Recent Articles
A Kitchen In New Orleans Your Gazpacho Is Missing Kimchi
The cold Spanish soup gets the tangy , spicy upgrade its been waiting for .
Culture Petee ’s Pie Commandments
Breaking down the anatomy and aesthetics of a perfect pie with the owner of New York ’s favorite late - night pie shop .
Culture Mapping the World ’s Best Club Sandwiches
What makes a good club sandwich ?
Ask the guy who ’s eaten them everywhere , from Paris to Phnom Penh .
Culture The Untethered , Unstoppable Power of the COVID Pop - Up
When the pandemic turned the restaurant industry inside out , the cooks behind Ha ’s Đậc Biệt fired up the sidewalk grill .
Culture Postcard from Sweden : Where Potatoes Cut Like Butter
In the forests around Falkenberg , Clarissa Wei is picking porcinis and getting to know her local pig farmers .
This qualifies in the camp of – you learn something new every day .
I learned yesterday that there are two chapters in the Bible that are nearly identical .
Not sure if this is common knowledge , but it was news to me .
It ’s Psalm 14 and 53 .
Here they are in the NIV version :
Psalm 14
1 The fool says in his heart ,
“ There is no God . ”
They are corrupt , their deeds are vile ;
there is no one who does good .
2 The LORD looks down from heaven
on the sons of men
to see if there are any who understand ,
any who seek God .
3 All have turned aside ,
they have together become corrupt ;
there is no one who does good ,
not even one .
4 Will evildoers never learn —
those who devour my people as men eat bread
and who do not call on the LORD ?
5 There they are , overwhelmed with dread ,
for God is present in the company of the righteous .
6 You evildoers frustrate the plans of the poor ,
but the LORD is their refuge .
7 Oh , that salvation for Israel would come out of Zion !
When the LORD restores the fortunes of his people ,
let Jacob rejoice and Israel be glad !
Psalm 53
1 The fool says in his heart ,
“ There is no God . ”
They are corrupt , and their ways are vile ;
there is no one who does good .
2 God looks down from heaven
on the sons of men
to see if there are any who understand ,
any who seek God .
3 Everyone has turned away ,
they have together become corrupt ;
there is no one who does good ,
not even one .
4 Will the evildoers never learn —
those who devour my people as men eat bread
and who do not call on God ?
5 There they were , overwhelmed with dread ,
where there was nothing to dread .
God scattered the bones of those who attacked you ;
you put them to shame , for God despised them .
6 Oh , that salvation for Israel would come out of Zion !
When God restores the fortunes of his people ,
let Jacob rejoice and Israel be glad !
" We are working on recovery of the deceased , " said Menlo Park Fire Protection Chief Harold Schapelhouman , addressing reporters down the block from where the plane crashed .
" We have three dead .
They were in the fuselage .
There are miraculously no reports of anyone else injured . "
The plane crashed into a residential neighborhood shortly before 8 a.m. , sparking house fires , downing power lines and damaging several cars , but authorities said no one other than the plane ’s three occupants were killed .
" We are withholding their identities as we work with the relevant authorities to notify the families , " Elon Musk , Tesla 's CEO , said in a statement .
Three employees of Tesla Motors Inc. were killed Wednesday morning in the crash of a small plane in East Palo Alto , the electric car maker 's chief executive said in a statement .
The street where the place crashed was dotted with orange cones indicating where parts of the aircraft landed .
Bodies covered with yellow blankets lay under a tree .
The Cessna 310 was registered to Air Unique Inc. of Santa Clara , owned by Doug Bourn , 57 , a senior electrical engineer at Tesla Motors .
It took off from Palo Alto Airport and was headed to Hawthorne , where Tesla has operations .
A spokeswoman for the company said it was still seeking information about the crash and could not confirm whether the plane was traveling on company business .
The plane took off in thick fog and hit power lines and a power tower , which collapsed , authorities said .
Parts of the plane were strewn over several blocks .
" As tragic as this is , we were very fortunate that no one else got hurt , " Schapelhouman said .
A portion of one of the plane ’s wings hit an occupied house in front of a day - care center .
The center was unscathed but 50 % of the house was destroyed , Schapelhouman said .
Other parts of the plane landed on a carport next door , destroying it .
The engine of the plane was embedded in the garage wall of yet a third house .
A relative of a woman whose house was burned identified her as Lisa Jones - Smith , who operated a day - care center behind her home .
The relative , Bre East , 44 , said only one child , an 11 - month - old , had arrived for child care when the plane crashed .
She said she believed there were seven people inside the house ; none were injured .
" Lisa was home at the time , " East said .
“ The neighbors got her out of the house .
She was trying to get her own kids to safety . "
East said she spoke with Jones - Smith by telephone .
" She was very shaken up , " East said .
" Her sentences were short and gaspy .
She told me that the back end of the house is gone and the kids are safe .
" The Lord was on her side , looking out for her today .
...
The lucky part is everyone is safe .
You can rebuild houses , but not lives . "
Several hours after the crash , Smith - Jones was taken to the hospital by paramedics .
A relative who would not give her name said Smith - Jones was suffering from elevated blood pressure .
The crash knocked out power for a large area , including Stanford Hospital and Clinics .
A spokeswoman for the hospital said non-emergency surgeries and clinic appointments at the hospital were canceled .
-- Maria L. LaGanga in East Palo Alto , Maura Dolan and Alexandra Zavis
RELATED :
3 killed aboard small plane that crashed into East Palo Alto neighborhood
Small plane crashes in East Palo Alto
The longest limousine built ever in the world is a limousine 100 - ft long that was created by Jay Ohrberg of Burbank , California .
This enormously long car is even in the Guinness Book of World Records now .
This limousine rides on 26 tires spaced along the length of its body .
It has 2 drivers ’ cabins in the front and in the back as it ’s really hard to drive such a vehicle .
In order the limousine could turn and make turns around corners , its middle part is hinged to fold .
Jay Ohrberg created the longest limousine for exhibition purposes , however this news became a big sensation and many people were dreaming about hiring such a limousine .
That ’s why Jay provides the limousine for rentals for various functions and events .
However the limousine is too long for driving in the streets and technically it ’s not quite legal , but with specially trained chauffeurs in both cabins it ’s possible .
The longest limousine is equipped much better than many Hollywood mansions , and it ’s very popular order for Hollywood movie shootings , exhibitions and special events of nobles .
And nobles can get everything they can imagine in such limousine where state of the art luxuries abound .
The longest limousine in the world is featuring a heated Jacuzzi tub nestled in the interior , a swimming pool , and a king sized bed , and a sun deck , a helipad and the televisions connected to the limousine ’s own satellite dish .
Jay Ohrberg created the longest limousine for exhibition purposes , however this news became a big sensation and many people were dreaming about hiring such a limousine .
That ’s why Jay provides the limousine for rentals for various functions and events .
However the limousine is too long for driving in the streets and technically it ’s not quite legal , but with specially trained chauffeurs in both cabins it ’s possible .
The longest limousine is equipped much better than many Hollywood mansions , and it ’s very popular order for Hollywood movie shootings , exhibitions and special events of nobles .
And nobles can get everything they can imagine in such limousine where state of the art luxuries abound .
The longest limousine in the world is featuring a heated Jacuzzi tub nestled in the interior , a swimming pool , and a king sized bed , and a sun deck , a helipad and the televisions connected to the limousine ’s own satellite dish .
Jay Ohrberg
Source
Google says it will stay in China if internet censorship is relaxed US President Barack Obama continues to be " troubled " by alleged cyber- attacks originating in China on the internet search giant Google , officials say .
A White House spokesman said Mr Obama wanted " some answers " and agreed those responsible should " face consequences " .
The comments came after China denounced US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's criticism of its internet restrictions , saying it was harming relations .
Google has said it will decide shortly whether to end its China operations .
The company currently holds about one - third of the Chinese search market , far behind Chinese rival Baidu , which has more than 60 % .
' Consequences ' Earlier on Friday , a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said the US should " respect the facts " and stop making " groundless accusations " .
ANALYSIS By Damian Grammaticas , Beijing For China , the row sparked by Google has put it in an extremely uncomfortable position .
It is under the harsh glare of US scrutiny on several sensitive issues : internet censorship , the silencing of dissidents and human rights campaigners , cyber attacks launched from China , and the difficulties big US companies find doing business in China .
Hillary Clinton 's criticism of internet controls would have been pretty tough for Beijing to hear .
So it is no surprise it has replied robustly .
But China is on the back foot in this dispute .
The statement called on the US to " handle sensitive issues in an appropriate way " .
Decoded , that means China would rather it was all dealt with quietly , something that does not seem likely now the argument has become so public and far - reaching .
Tech groups back Clinton stand China 's media lashes out Chinese debate internet freedom " The US has criticised China 's policies to administer the internet , and insinuated that China restricts internet freedom , " Ma Zhaoxu said .
" This runs contrary to the facts and is harmful to China - US relations . "
The warning from Beijing came after Mrs Clinton said in a speech that the internet had been a " source of tremendous progress " in China , but that any country which restricted free access to information risked " walling themselves off from the progress of the next century " .
The private sector had a shared responsibility to safeguard freedom of expression and should take a " principled stand " against censorship , she said .
Mrs Clinton also called on the Chinese authorities to investigate Google 's complaint that hackers in China had tried to infiltrate its software coding and the e-mail accounts of human rights activists , in a " highly sophisticated " attack .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Countries or individuals that engage in cyber- attacks should face consequences and international condemnation , " she added .
Speaking to reporters on board Air Force One on Friday , White House spokesman Bill Burton made it clear that President Obama agreed with her .
" As the president has said , he continues to be troubled by the cyber - security breach that Google attributes to China , " he said .
INTERNET ROW TIMELINE 12 Jan : Google says it may leave China after cyber attacks and calls for end to censorship of its search results 13 Jan : US says cyber attacks on Google " troubling " 14 Jan : China gives first reaction to Google statement : foreign firms welcome to work in China " according to law " 16 Jan : US says it will make formal protest over Google cyber attacks 21 Jan : China says its dispute with Google should not be linked to US relations 21 Jan : US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticises China 's internet controls and urges Beijing to investigate Google attacks 22 Jan : China rejects Mrs Clinton 's criticism as " groundless "
Timeline : China and net censorship
" All we are looking for from China are some answers , " he added .
Chinese officials have repeatedly said that Google and other foreign internet companies are welcome to operate within China as long as they obeyed the country 's laws and traditions .
When the California - based company launched google .cn in 2006 , it agreed to censor some search results - such as the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests , Tibetan independence or Falun Gong - as required by the Chinese government .
Google now says it is looking at operating an unfiltered search engine within the law in the country , though no changes to filtering have yet been made .
China has more internet users - about 350 million - than any other country and provides a lucrative search engine market worth an estimated $ 1bn ( £ 614 m ) last year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One afternoon last month , a woman in her early thirties , with shoulder - length blond hair and large brown eyes , arrived at Jean Georges , on the ground floor of the Trump International Hotel , in midtown Manhattan .
The restaurant , which is owned by the chef Jean - Georges Vongerichten , and is one of the highest rated in the world , has an understated décor , with bare white walls and floor - to - ceiling windows .
The woman took a seat at one of the tables in the center of the room .
She wore a light - blue dress with a high neckline , little makeup , and no jewelry .
There was nothing remarkable about her appearance , and her demeanor was quiet and unassuming , as if designed to deflect attention — a trait indispensable for her profession as an inspector for the Michelin hotel - and - restaurant guide .
Conceived in France at the beginning of the last century , the Michelin guide today has editions in twenty - three countries and is one of the best - selling restaurant guides in the world .
It operates on the principle that only reviews by anonymous , professionally trained experts can be trusted for accurate assessments of a restaurant ’s food and service .
Major newspapers like the Times aspire to anonymity for their restaurant reviewers but rarely achieve it .
In his recent memoir , “ Born Round , ” Frank Bruni , who served as the Times ’ restaurant reviewer from 2004 until earlier this year , describes his efforts at camouflage — using aliases , wearing a wig and fake mustache — which were mostly futile once the dust - jacket photograph from one of his early books was posted on the Internet .
Photographs of Bruni ’s successor , Sam Sifton , doctored in several ways to suggest what he might look like in disguise , began to circulate on foodie Web sites like Eater months before he took up his duties .
Michelin has gone to extraordinary lengths to maintain the anonymity of its inspectors .
Many of the company ’s top executives have never met an inspector ; inspectors themselves are advised not to disclose their line of work , even to their parents ( who might be tempted to boast about it ) ; and , in all the years that it has been putting out the guide , Michelin has refused to allow its inspectors to speak to journalists .
The inspectors write reports that are distilled , in annual “ stars meetings ” at the guide ’s various national offices , into the ranking of three stars , two stars , or one star — or no stars .
( Establishments that Michelin deems unworthy of a visit are not included in the guide . )
A three - star Michelin ranking — like that enjoyed by Jean Georges — is exceedingly rare .
Only twenty - six three - star restaurants exist in France , and only eighty - one in the world .
In 2005 , Michelin launched its first foray into North America , with the publication of the 2006 New York City guide .
( It has also published guides to Los Angeles , Las Vegas , and San Francisco . )
Since coming to America , Michelin has learned that its brand of Gallic opacity and unapologetic gastronomic élitism has been a tougher sell here than it was in Europe or Asia .
( The Tokyo edition of the guide , which débuted in 2007 , sold more than a hundred thousand copies on its first day . )
Five years after its arrival in New York City , Michelin has failed to knock the Times from its perch as the premier arbiter of restaurants in the city , or to outsell the Zagat guide , which relies on customer surveys for its restaurant rankings .
This fall , in an effort to promote what the managing director of the guides , a forty - eight - year - old Frenchman named Jean - Luc Naret , calls a “ better understanding ” of the guides ’ means and methods , Michelin launched a Web site , Famously Anonymous , to explain to Americans the concept of the Michelin inspector ; it has also recently opened Twitter accounts for its reviewers .
But by far the most salient sign of Michelin ’s new openness was its decision , this fall , to allow me to meet — and to eat with — one of its New York - based inspectors .
Naret joined me and the inspector for lunch .
He has a handsome , darkly tanned face , and favors designer suits with flared - collar shirts and no tie .
Although the inspector was never identified to the staff , Naret , who eats often at Jean Georges and is well - known to the restaurant ’s staff , considered her anonymity compromised ; she would never pay an inspection visit to the restaurant again .
As a precondition of our interview , I was told that certain details of the inspector ’s personal life would be obscured — or not divulged to me at all .
When I asked her name , the inspector laughed nervously .
“ No , ” she said .
“ Let ’s not even say it .
Make something up . ”
I suggested the first thing that came to mind .
“ Maxime ? ”
Naret smiled , and then , with a soupçon of extra secrecy , began referring to her as M .
Maxime is a New Yorker .
She said that speaking to me about her work felt “ surreal . ”
“ We spend all our time not letting people know who we are , ” she said , but admitted that she had told her husband what she does for a living .
“ He ’s an attorney ; he knows all about confidentiality . ”
For most others , she keeps her occupation vague .
“ We try not to lie , ” she said .
“ You say you ’re ‘ in publishing , ’ something like that . ”
The waiter , a young man in a dark suit , handed us menus .
I asked Maxime how she chooses what to order .
“ You ’re looking for something that really tests a number of quality ingredients and then something that ’s a little complex , because you want to see what the kitchen can do , ” she said .
“ We would never order something like a salad .
We rarely order soup . ”
She decided to try the foie - gras brûlée , “ although I usually avoid it , because of the calories . ”
Maxime eats out more than two hundred days of the year , lunch and dinner .
She eats the maximum number of courses offered — at Jean Georges , we were having three courses , plus dessert ; that way , she said , “ you really get to see the most food ” — and she is required to eat everything on her plate .
It is a regimen that calls to mind the force - feeding of the ducks that supply Vongerichten with his velvety foie gras , but Maxime , blessed with a quick metabolism , had managed to avoid obesity , an occupational hazard .
She was tending toward the Arctic char for her main course but could n’t decide about her second course .
The waiter reappeared and asked if he could answer any questions .
“ Can you tell me about the crab toast ? ” she asked .
“ It ’s Peekytoe crab , a chiffonade of tarragon as well as chives topped with white sesame seeds , toasted in the oven , finished with a miso mustard , and a pear salad on the side , ” he said .
“ It ’s new ? ” she said .
“ About a week on the menu . ”
She asked the waiter to give her a minute and then leaned in to me .
Inspectors love it when they ask a question and can tell that a waiter has made up an answer , she explained , adding , “ That never happens here . ”
The original Guide Michelin was developed by André Michelin , an engineer , and his younger brother , Édouard .
Born into a wealthy manufacturing family in Clermont - Ferrand , the brothers , in 1895 , presented a new design for a pneumatic tire for cars .
Automobiles were still a rarity on roads in France .
The brothers had the idea that a guidebook to hotels in the French countryside would encourage people to climb into a car ( equipped with Michelin tires ) and hit the open road .
The first edition , published in 1900 , was a five - hundred - and - seventy - five - page alphabetical listing of towns throughout France and the distances between them , with recommendations for hotels and places to refuel , and instructions on how to change a flat .
In a preface to the first edition , André wrote , “ This work comes out with the century ; it will last as long . ”
In 1933 , the Michelin brothers introduced the first countrywide restaurant listings and unveiled the star system for ranking food , with one star denoting “ a very good restaurant in its class ” ; two stars “ excellent cooking , worth a detour ” ; and three stars “ exceptional cuisine , worth a special journey . ”
Over the years , other publications attempted to challenge Michelin but without success .
To offset the expense of sending inspectors to restaurants across the country , rival guides were obliged to accept free meals , or to offer favors , like free advertising in the guides ’ pages .
Michelin ’s inspectors faced no such quid pro quo .
A century after André and Édouard created their first tire patent , Michelin has grown into one of the most successful multinational corporations in the world , a company more than three times the size of Goodyear .
Michelin ’s profits help to defray the costs of food inspectors ’ salaries , travel budgets , and restaurant bills ( which can run into real money at the upper end of the gastronomic scale : six years ago , at Bernard Loiseau ’s La Côte d’Or , a three - star restaurant in Burgundy , the chicken stuffed with carrots , leeks , and truffles was two hundred and sixty - seven dollars ) .
This independence , coupled with the jealously guarded anonymity of its inspectors , is what gives Michelin its aura of incorruptibility .
The French chef Paul Bocuse , who helped create nouvelle cuisine in the nineteen - sixties , and whose restaurant near Lyons has held a three - star Michelin ranking for a record forty - five years , has said , “ Michelin is the only guide that counts . ”
Indeed , in France publication of the guide each year sparks the kind of media excitement attendant on the Academy Awards .
The days and weeks leading up to publication day are given over to endless debate , speculation , and rumor on TV and in newspapers over who might lose , and who might gain , a star .
The results , revealed in early March , provide either a very public triumph or a very public humiliation for the chefs concerned , and a corresponding rise or drop in revenues for their restaurants .
Not everyone , however , is convinced that anonymous experts with bottomless expense accounts are the key to a dependable restaurant guide .
“ We ’re coming at it from a completely different perspective , ” says Nina Zagat , who dreamed up the idea of a customer - driven food survey with her husband , Tim , in their Upper West Side apartment thirty - one years ago .
Today , Zagat covers more than ninety cities worldwide , is available as an iPhone app , and remains the top - selling restaurant guide in New York .
“ We ’ve never believed that there were experts that should tell you what to do . ”
“ I ’d love to know what their training is , ” Tim Zagat added , speaking about Michelin ’s inspectors .
“ Usually , the experts — for example , the major critics for the major papers — you know what their background is .
But this business of making a virtue out of not knowing ?
I question it .
How are you supposed to judge their expertise if you do n’t have any idea who they are ? ”
Bernard Loiseau , the chef and owner of La Côte d’Or , once told a fellow - chef that if he ever lost one of his Michelin stars he would kill himself .
Loiseau had made a life ’s ambition of becoming a three - star chef , a goal he achieved in 1991 , seventeen years after arriving at La Côte d’Or .
His ranking led to a line of frozen food bearing his name and likeness , and the Legion of Honor , awarded by President François Mitterrand .
But by 2002 Loiseau ’s classic cooking was losing ground to trendier fusion styles , business was slowing , and he was swimming in debt .
As Rudolph Chelminski relates in his 2005 book “ The Perfectionist , ” the food writer François Simon published a story in Le Figaro hinting that Loiseau was on thin ice with Michelin .
Loiseau , who had suffered periodic depression for years , sank into despair .
In early February , 2003 , he was notified by Michelin that he would keep his third star .
Still , Simon wrote another piece , in which he suggested that Loiseau and his third star were “ living on borrowed time . ”
Two and a half weeks later , after a day at work in the kitchen , Loiseau killed himself with a shotgun blast to the head .
He was fifty - two .
Loiseau ’s death ushered in a dark period for the guide .
In early 2004 , an inspector named Pascal Rémy broke the company ’s code of silence when he published a book based on a diary that he had kept of fifteen years on the road as a Michelin inspector in France .
( Rémy , having notified Michelin of his plans to publish , was fired ; he later sued . )
Rémy ’s book , “ L’Inspecteur Se Met à Table ” ( “ The Inspector Sits Down at the Table ” ) , described the inspector ’s life as one of loneliness and underpaid drudgery , driving around the French countryside for weeks on end , dining alone and under intense pressure to file reports .
Michelin had always hinted that it employed roughly a hundred inspectors to cover Europe , but Rémy claimed that it employed only eleven within France when he was first hired , in 1988 — a number that had shrunk to five by the time he left , in 2003 .
Contrary to Michelin ’s assertion that every starred restaurant was revisited several times a year , Rémy said only one visit every few years was possible .
Furthermore , he wrote , the guide played favorites — most notably with Bocuse , whose restaurant in Lyons was known , according to Rémy , to have declined drastically in quality yet continued to hold three stars .
Rémy ’s revelations made the front page of Le Monde .
Derek Brown , the director of the guides at the time , denied Rémy ’s assertions in an interview in the Times , but he remained vague about how many full - time inspectors the guide employs in France and offered an anemic rebuttal to Rémy ’s claim that certain three - star chefs were untouchable : “ There would be little sense in saying a restaurant was worth three stars if it were n’t true , if for no other reason than that the customer would write and tell us . ”
The Rémy affair occurred during Brown ’s final year at the guide .
As his successor , Michelin hired the charismatic and outgoing Naret , who worked for many years as a hotelier , but whose professional focus has not been food .
He boasts of giving more than two thousand interviews a year , in which he tells journalists how many inspectors Michelin employs in France ( about fifteen ) , throughout the world ( ninety ) , and in the United States ( ten ) .
Naret introduced the idea of expanding into North America and chose New York City as the best place to start .
The first New York City guide , which appeared in November , 2005 , was created by a team of five European inspectors , who examined fifteen hundred restaurants in all five boroughs , and selected five hundred for inclusion .
Their selection was criticized , by some , as Francocentric .
The Times noted that more than half the restaurants that received at least two stars “ could be considered French . ”
Among the one - star restaurants was the now defunct La Goulue , which one highly regarded New York food critic describes as “ this dinosaur of an outdated , mediocre kind of French bistro on the Upper East Side . ”
And the 2006 guide failed to award stars to Eleven Madison Park ( Danny Meyer ’s haute - cuisine restaurant ) , Craft ( the “ Top Chef ” head judge Tom Colicchio ’s take on contemporary American food ) , “ or any number of celebrated restaurants , ” the critic adds .
“ It was one of those things , like , only a bunch of French people could respond that way . ”
Naret , who says that he never intended to continue to use European teams , established an office in New York for the next year ’s guide and began recruiting New Yorkers .
He received thirty - five hundred applications .
Though born in New York City , Maxime moved with her family to a nearby “ rural countryside ” town , which , she says , has “ an extraordinarily active foodie community . ”
Maxime ’s family was discerning about food , and came into the city frequently to sample the restaurants .
“ I ate falafel at Mamoun ’s and bagels and lox from Russ & Daughters before I ’d even heard of a peanut - butter sandwich , ” she said .
The family also travelled abroad , and she learned early about the Michelin guide .
“ Other kids wanted a Barbie or something .
I wanted to go to a three - star restaurant in Paris . ”
Maxime ’s fascination with food was not confined to haute cuisine .
“ It ’s a global food passion , ” as she put it .
Big Macs , tacos from “ these divey little delis in Sunset Park , ” Chinese food from “ a Szechuan restaurant that ’s a total dump , ” even hot dogs from Papaya King ’s grimy corner kiosks in Manhattan elicit groans of pleasure : “ Oh , fantastic hot dogs ! ”
Linda Bartoshuk , a professor of community dentistry and behavioral science at the University of Florida , has for more than three decades done research into genetic variations in the perception of taste .
Through studies of the disposition and the density of taste buds on the tongues of test subjects , Bartoshuk has divided people into three categories : supertasters , tasters , and non-tasters .
Most food and wine experts would fall into the “ taster ” category .
( Supertasters , despite their name , have too many taste buds and are thus oversensitive to flavor , and tend to prefer bland foods ; non-tasters can eat an exquisite risotto and say , “ Eh . ” )
I asked Maxime if she believed that she had some biological advantage when it came to tasting and discerning flavors .
“ You could argue that the inspectors have some biological makeup , or you could argue that they eat so much that they have the grounds for comparison , ” she said .
“ And they have their training , the professional training . ”
A degree in hospitality , hotel management , or cooking is mandatory for Michelin inspectors .
Every job that Maxime held , from high school on , had been in the domestic food , wine , or restaurant industry .
She got a master ’s from N.Y.U. in food studies , and obtained a sommelier ’s certification .
Six years ago , she was working in a food - and - hospitality job in a city far from New York when she learned that Michelin was recruiting inspectors to produce a New York City guide .
“ I immediately started stalking Jean - Luc , ” she said .
She had several preliminary interviews in New York , during which she was warned about the rigors of life as an inspector — the travel , the regimen of constant eating , the pressure to fill out meticulously detailed reports on time , the enforced anonymity , the low pay .
( “ Let ’s just say it ’s not about the money , ” she said . )
“ The interview process is a bit like trying to scare you off , ” she went on .
“ You really have to be committed .
It ’s your life .
It ’s not like a nine - to - five job . ”
Nor is it all about three - star dining .
“ The stars are only ten per cent of the selection , ” she said .
“ The vast majority of the time , we ’re hiking around the Upper East Side , we ’re eating at neighborhood restaurants , we ’re hiking around Brooklyn . ”
Assigned specific areas of the city to cover , Maxime , who lives in Manhattan , spends weeks riding the subway out to the farthest reaches of Queens to make her way through a selection of Thai restaurants , eating two meals a day , every day , and she typically eats alone , since talking with a spouse or friend is frowned upon .
After making the first cut , she was obliged to order and eat a series of dinners in New York restaurants under the scrutiny of seasoned European inspectors .
“ You do n’t know what you ’re doing , so you ’re , like , What do I pick ?
What do I eat ?
And then they show you the wine list to see what wine you choose . ”
After the meal , she was required to write a paper analyzing the experience , while an inspector looked on .
“ And then there ’s also the kind of covert - ops part , ” she said .
“ You never know the name of the person you ’re meeting , you never know where they ’re meeting you until right before , so they call you up and say ‘ Meet me at the corner of XYZ and XYZ . ’ ”
After 9 wonderful years , we are closing our doors at the Gowanus E- waste Warehouse at 469 President Street .
We would like to thank everybody for their support !
We are right now trying to find a new location so we can continue our operations .
Also , in light of the City ...
' They 're killing us ! '
Dramatic video shows Peruvian air force shooting down U.S. family 's plane in bungled CIA operation
A dramatic video showing fighter jets shooting down a small plane carrying an American family over Peru in a CIA operation gone tragically wrong has emerged .
The video footage was taken by a CIA surveillance plane over the Peruvian jungle in 2001 .
It shows Peruvian fighter jets opening fire on the light Cessna carrying Jim and Veronica Bowers and their children Cory , 6 , and adopted baby Charity , who was just seven months , as well as pilot Kevin Donaldson .
On the tape , they can be heard screaming for help .
Scroll down for video
Fatal mistake : Bowers family pilot Kevin Donaldson can be heard screaming on a CIA surveillance video as the Peruvian air force opens fire on their small Cessna over the jungle in 2001
' Do n't shoot ! '
The Bowers ' plane bursts into flame over the jungle
' They 're killing me !
They 're killing us !'
Mr Donaldson can be heard yelling to ground control .
CIA officers , realising their mistake , can be heard shouting : ' Do n't shoot !
No more , no más !'
But by the time the guns stopped , it was too late .
Mrs Bowers and Charity both died in the horrific accident when a single bullet pierced the plane 's hull and passed through both their bodies .
The pilot managed to crash land the plane in a river , where Mr Bowers and his son watched Mrs Bowers ' body float away as they clung to the debris .
The Bowers , an American family of missionaries , were returning to Iquitos in Peru from a routine trip to Brazil on April 20 , 2001 when they were spotted by the CIA .
The skies over the Peruvian jungle are a hotspot for drug traffickers .
Since 1995 the CIA and Peru's air force have been operating a joint program to intercept traffickers - shooting them down if necessary .
Innocent : The Bowers family - father Jim , mother Veronica , son Cory , and adopted baby Charity - in a photo taken less than four months before the tragic accident .
Charity and Veronica both died in the attack
' No more ' :
The CIA finally orders the Peruvian air force to stop firing on the plane
Believing the Bowers ' Cessna was that of another drug trafficker , the CIA aircraft alerted the Peruvian air force , which scrambled a fighter jet .
The CIA then tracked the Bowers for two hours - during which doubts set in .
' This guy does n't fit the profile , ' one CIA pilot can be heard saying in the footage , first aired on ABC News in America .
He is heard asking Peruvian contacts on the ground : ' Are you sure this is bandito ?
Are you sure ?'
' Yes , OK , ' replies the Peruvian .
' If you 're sure , ' says the CIA pilot .
But then one CIA operative can be heard saying to his colleague in the aircraft : ' That is bull ****.
I think we 're making a mistake . '
' I agree with you , ' the other replies .
But neither speak up - and a minute and a half later it is too late .
The Peruvian jet issues a warning to the Bowers ' plane , ordering it to change course or ' We will shoot you down ' .
Smoke pours from the plane 's fuselage as it plummets through the air
Bowers family pilot Mr Donaldson battles to crash land the plane on a piranha - filled river below
But the light plane is on the wrong frequency , and Mr Donaldson never hears the order .
The result is an explosion of fire targeting the family 's plane .
' They 're killing me .
They 're killing us , ' Mr Donaldson screams in terror .
' Tell him to terminate , ' one of the CIA operatives orders the Peruvian ground crew .
' No .
Do n't shoot .
No more , no más !'
' Stop ! ' the Peruvian shouts at the fighter jet pilot .
' No más , no más , Tucan no more . '
' God , ' says one of the CIA pilots .
They watch as Mr Donaldson , despite being shot in the legs by the barrage of bullets , manages to crash land the burning plane on to a piranha - filled river below .
Though the men and Cory survived , Mrs Bowers and Charity were both killed by a bullet that pierced the plane 's fuselage .
The single bullet passed through Mrs Bowers ' back and lodged in the baby 's skull .
The emergence of the video has led to fresh accusations that the CIA covered up its role in the deaths .
The agency held a nine - year investigation into the incident and said 16 of its employees had to be disciplined , including the woman who was in charge of counter - narcotics at the time .
But in a statement yesterday the agency appearead to blame the Peruvian air force for the tragedy .
' The programme to deny drug traffickers an ' air bridge ' ended in 2001 and was run by a foreign government , ' the CIA said .
' CIA personnel had no authority either to direct or prohibit actions by that government .
' CIA officers did not shoot down any airplane .
In the case of the tragic downing of April 21 , 2001 , [ sic ] CIA personnel protested the identification of the missionary plane as a suspect drug trafficker .
' This was a tragic episode that the Agency has dealt with in a professional and thorough manner .
' Unfortunately , some have been willing to twist facts to imply otherwise .
In so doing , they do a tremendous disservice to CIA officers , serving and retired , who have risked their lives for America 's national security . '
Mrs Bowers ' mother , Gloria Luttig , told ABC News : ' I want somebody to have to stand up and say I was responsible .
I want him to know what a mother 's heart is like . '
Senator Pete Koekstra , who has campaigned for the family , said : ' If ever there 's an example of justice delayed , justice denied , this is it . '
He told ABC : The [ intelligence ] community 's performance in terms of accountability has been unacceptable .
' These were Americans that were killed with the help of their Government , the community covered it up , they delayed investigating ' .
Here ’s a bit of cheery news :
Last week , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates met with the nation ’s top defense company executives , including the CEOs of those mega-military - industrial combines Lockheed Martin and Boeing , and called for a “ closer partnership . ”
He also made them a promise .
He pledged , according to his spokesman , “ to work with the White House to secure steady growth in the Pentagon ’s budgets over time . ”
Let ’s put that pledge in context .
Last week , President Obama did something common in the Bush years , something he swore never to do ; he requested a supplemental $ 33 billion over and above the fiscal year 2011 defense budget , mainly for his Afghan surge .
That sum , when appropriated by Congress , will bring the total official Pentagon budget to $ 708 billion dollars ( $ 159 billion of which will be directly slated for Afghan and Iraq war costs ) .
To put that sum in context , it ’s close to what the rest of the world combined spends on military matters .
And you can be guaranteed of one thing : this wo n’t be the last supplemental request of 2011 .
By the way , if you were to add up the real “ defense ” budget , including funds for the Department of Homeland Security , the Energy Department ( which handles the U.S. nuclear arsenal ) , veterans ’ care , the State Department ’s planned near - billion - dollar expansion of its embassy in Pakistan into a mega - command post for the region and the planned doubling of the number of personnel in its already monstrous embassy in Baghdad for a similar purpose , and many other relevant things , you would be closing in on $ 1 trillion per year .
Meanwhile , in December 2009 , the total funds Congress has so far appropriated since 2001 only for our two wars topped $ 1 trillion dollars , with no end in sight , and that figure does n’t include projected future costs ranging from care for soldiers wounded in those wars to the cost of replenishing worn out military equipment .
At the war - fighting level , the Congressional Budget Office has already projected direct war costs over the next decade at $ 867 billion .
The Pentagon ’s 2011 budget is already the highest since World War II , according to defense analyst Winslow T. Wheeler .
Now , consider that the secretary of defense has just “ pledged ” more of the same for years to come .
And note that none of this – with the possible exception of that $ 33 billion supplemental request – is considered particularly controversial by anyone who matters in Washington , or worth much front - page news attention .
Sums that put health - care reform in the shade cause barely a stir .
In other words , the Pentagon rules the roost and , as TomDispatch regular William Astore indicates , it could get a lot worse .
Tom
A Very American Coup
Coming soon to a hometown near you
by William J. Astore
The wars in distant lands were always going to come home , but not this way .
It ’s September 2016 , year 15 of America ’s “ Long War ” against terror .
As weary troops return to the homeland , a bitter reality assails them : despite their sacrifices , America is losing .
Iraq is increasingly hostile to remaining occupation forces .
Afghanistan is a riddle that remains unsolved : its army and police forces are untrustworthy , its government corrupt , and its tribal leaders unsympathetic to the vagaries of U.S. intervention .
Since the Obama surge of 2010 , a trillion more dollars have been devoted to Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan , and other countries in the vast shatter zone that is central Asia , without measurable returns ; nothing , that is , except the prolongation of America ’s Great Recession , now entering its tenth year without a sustained recovery in sight .
Disillusioned veterans are unable to find decent jobs in a crumbling economy .
Scarred by the physical and psychological violence of war , fed up with the happy talk of duplicitous politicians who only speak of shared sacrifices , they begin to organize .
Their motto : take America back .
Meanwhile , a lame - duck presidency , choking on foreign policy failures , finds itself attacked even for its putative successes .
Health - care reform is now seen to have combined the inefficiency and inconsistency of government with the naked greed and exploitative talents of corporations .
Medical rationing is a fact of life confronting anyone on the high side of 50 .
Presidential rhetoric that offered hope and change has lost all resonance .
Mainstream media outlets are discredited and disintegrating , resulting in new levels of information anarchy .
Protest , whether electronic or in the streets , has become more common – and the protesters in those streets increasingly carry guns , though as yet armed violence is minimal .
A panicked administration responds with overlapping executive orders and legislation that is widely perceived as an attack on basic freedoms .
Tapping the frustration of protesters – including a renascent and mainstreamed “ tea party ” movement – the former captains and sergeants , the ex-CIA operatives and out - of - work private mercenaries of the War on Terror take action .
Conflict and confrontation they seek ; laws and orders they increasingly ignore .
As riot police are deployed in the streets , they face a grim choice : where to point their guns ?
Not at veterans , they decide , not at America ’s erstwhile heroes .
A dwindling middle class , still waving the flag and determined to keep its sliver - sized portion of the American dream , throws its support to the agitators .
Wages shrinking , savings exhausted , bills rising , the sober middle can no longer hold .
It vents its fear and rage by calling for a decisive leader and the overthrow of a can ’t - do Congress .
Savvy members of traditional Washington elites are only too happy to oblige .
They too crave order and can - do decisiveness – on their terms .
Where better to find that than in the ranks of America ’s most respected institution : the military ?
A retired senior officer who led America ’s heroes in central Asia is anointed .
His creed : end public disorder , fight the War on Terror to a victorious finish , put America back on top .
The United States , he says , is the land of winners , and winners accept no substitute for victory .
Nominated on Sept. 11 , 2016 , Patriot Day , he marches to an overwhelming victory that November , embraced in the streets by an American version of the post - World War I German Freikorps and the police who refuse to suppress them .
A concerned minority is left to wonder ( and tremble ) at the de facto military coup that occurred so quickly , and yet so silently , in their midst .
It Can Happen Here , Unless We Act
Yes , it can happen here .
In some ways , it ’s already happening .
But the key question is : at this late date , how can it be stopped ?
Here are some vectors for a change in course , and in mindset as well , if we are to avoid our own stealth coup :
1. Somehow , we need to begin to reverse the ongoing militarization of this country , especially our ever - rising “ defense ” budgets .
The most recent of these , we ’ve just learned , is a staggering $ 708 billion for fiscal year 2011 – and that does n’t even include the $ 33 billion President Obama has requested for his latest surge in Afghanistan .
We also need to get rid of the idea that anyone who suggests even minor cuts in defense spending is either hopelessly naïve or a terrorist sympathizer .
It ’s time as well to call a halt to the privatization of military activity and so halt the rise of security contractors like Xe ( formerly Blackwater ) , thereby weakening the corporate profit motive that supports and underpins the American version of perpetual war .
It ’s time to begin feeling chastened , not proud , that we ’re by far the number one country in the world in arms manufacturing and the global arms trade .
2 . Let ’s downsize our global mission rather than endlessly expanding our military footprint .
It ’s time to have a military capable of defending this country , not fighting endless wars in distant lands while garrisoning the globe .
3 . Let ’s stop paying attention to major TV and cable networks that rely on retired senior military officers , most of whom have ties both to the Pentagon and military contractors , for “ unbiased ” commentary on our wars .
If we insist on fighting our perpetual “ frontier ” wars , let ’s start insisting as well that they be covered in all their bitter reality : the death , the mayhem , the waste , the prisons , and the torture .
Why is our war coverage invariably sanitized to “ PG ” or even “ G , ” when we can go to the movies anytime and see “ R ” rated , pornographically violent films ?
And by the way , it ’s time to be more critical of the government ’s and the media ’s use of language and propaganda .
Mindlessly parroting the PATRIOT
Act does n’t make you patriotic .
4 . It ’s time to elect a president who does n’t surround himself with senior “ civilian ” advisers and ambassadors who are actually retired military generals and admirals , one who wo n’t accept a Nobel Peace Prize by defending war in theory and escalating it in practice .
5 . Let ’s toughen up .
Let ’s stop deferring to authority figures who promise to “ protect ” us while abridging our rights .
Let ’s stop bowing down before men and women in uniform , before they start thinking that it ’s their right to be worshipped and act accordingly .
6 . Let ’s act now to relieve the sort of desperation bred by joblessness and hopelessness that could lead many – notably male workers suffering from the “ He - Cession ” – to see a militarized solution in “ the homeland ” as a credible last resort .
It ’s the economy , stupid , but with Main Street ’s health , not Wall Street ’s , in our focus .
7. Let ’s take Sarah Palin and her followers seriously .
They ’re tapping into anger that ’s real and spreading .
Do n’t let them become the voices of the angry working ( and increasingly unemployed ) classes .
8. Recognize that we face real enemies in our world , the most powerful of which are n’t in distant Afghanistan or Yemen but here at home .
The essence of our struggle to sustain our faltering democracy should not be against “ terrorists , ” with their shoe and crotch bombs , but against various powerful , perfectly legal groups here whose interests lie in a Pentagon that only grows ever stronger .
9 . Stop thinking the U.S. is uniquely privileged .
Do n’t take it on faith that God is on our side .
Forget about God blessing America .
If you believe in God , get out there and start trying to earn
His blessing through deeds .
10 .
And , most important of all , remember that fear is the mind - killer that makes militarism possible .
Ramping up “ terror ” is an amazingly effective way of shredding our Constitution .
Putting our “ safety ” above all else is asking for trouble .
The only way we ’ll be completely safe from the big bad terrorists , after all , is when we ’re all living in a maximum security state .
Think of walking down the street while always being subject to a “ full - body scan . ”
That ’s my top 10 things we need to do .
It ’s a daunting list , and I ’m sure you have a few ideas of your own .
But have faith .
Ultimately , it all boils down to Franklin Delano Roosevelt ’s words to a nation suffering through the Great Depression : the only thing we have to fear is fear itself .
These words came to mind recently as I read the following missive from a friend and World War II veteran who ’s seen tough times :
“ It ’s very hard for me to accept how soft the American people have become .
In 1941 , with the Western world under assault by powerful and deadly forces , and a large armada of ships and planes attacking us directly , I never heard a word of fear as we faced three powerful nations as enemies .
Sixteen million of us went into the military with the very real possibility of death and I never once heard of fear , except from those exposed to danger .
Now , our people let [ their leaders ] terrify them into accepting the destruction of our economy , our image in the world , and our democracy . …
All this over a small group of religious fanatics [ mostly ] from Saudi Arabia whom we kowtow to so we can drive 8 - cylinder SUVs .
Pathetic !
“ How many times have I stood in ‘ security lines ’ at airports and when I complained of the indignity of taking off shoes and not having water and the manhandling of passengers , have well - educated people smugly said to me , ‘ Well , they ’re just keeping us safe . ’
I look at the airport bullsh*t as a training ground to turn Americans into docile sheep in a totalitarian state . ”
A public conditioned to act like sheep , to “ support our troops ” no matter what , to cower before the idea of terrorism , is a public ready to be herded .
A military that ’s being used to fight unwinnable wars is a military prone to return home disaffected and with scores to settle .
Angry and desperate veterans and mercenaries already conditioned to violence , merging with “ tea partiers ” and other alienated groups , could one day form our own Freikorps units , rioting for violent solutions to national decline .
Recall that the Nazi movement ultimately succeeded in the early 1930s because so many middle - class Germans were scared as they saw their wealth , standard of living , and status all threatened by the Great Depression .
If our Great Recession continues , if decent jobs remain scarce , if the mainstream media continue to foster fear and hatred , if returning troops are disaffected and their leaders blame politicians for “ not being tough enough , ” if one or two more terrorist attacks succeed on U.S. soil , would n’t this country be well primed for a coup by any other name ?
Do n’t expect a Seven Days in May scenario .
No American Caesar will return to Washington with his legions to decapitate governmental authority .
Why not ?
Because he wo n’t have to .
As long as we continue to live in perpetual fear in an increasingly militarized state , we establish the preconditions under which Americans will be nailed to , and crucified on , a cross of iron .
William J. Astore teaches history at the Pennsylvania College of Technology ( wastore@pct.edu ) .
A retired lieutenant colonel ( USAF ) , he has also taught at the U.S. Air Force Academy and the Naval Postgraduate School .
A TomDispatch regular , he is the author of Hindenburg : Icon of German Militarism .
Copyright 2010 William J. Astore
Rogue Pictures has just released a brand new red band trailer and a new set of images for MacGruber , which will be released in theaters nationwide on April 23 .
Click below to watch this new red band trailer , but only if you 're over the age of 18 , and you can click on any of the images below to access our entire photo gallery from the film .
CLICK HERE to check out the entire gallery .
MacGruber stars Will Forte , Ryan Phillippe , Kristen Wiig , Val Kilmer , Powers Boothe , Maya Rudolph and will be released in theaters everywhere on April 23 .
By Detector | 21 January 2010
The new beta 2 version of Skype is announced and ready for download with manu bug fixes and extra new features that will equilibrating Linux , Mac and Windows Skype versions .
This release comes with High Quality Video and super wideband audio , so now the special people in your world will feel much closer and clearer on your Skype calls .
Also there is introduction of new Screen Sharing feature , Quote message in chat , Support for different User Interfaces styles , reporting abuse and other useful features .
Click here for Skype download and install .
Tags | Linux , News , Software , Ubuntu
Green tea reduced the risk of lung cancer in smokers
Green Tea May Lower Lung Cancer Risk
Benefits seen for smokers , nonsmokers , those with certain genetic makeup
Antioxidants in green tea appear to significantly lower the risk for developing lung cancer among smokers and nonsmokers alike , new research from Taiwan reveals .
The study suggests that smokers and nonsmokers who consume a minimum of one cup of green tea per day appear to have a nearly 13 - fold and fivefold lower risk , respectively , for developing lung cancer than smokers and nonsmokers who do n’t drink any green tea .
“ The health effect of green tea consumption could modify the risk of lung cancer , particularly among smokers , ” said study author I - Hsin Lin , of Chung Shan Medical University in Taichung .
Lin and her team are scheduled to present their findings at a lung cancer conference this week in Coronado , Calif .
The conference is sponsored by the American Association for Cancer Research and the International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer .
The observed protective effect seems to result from the strong “ antioxidative property ” of polyphenols found in green tea preparations .
To determine just how strong this effect might be , the authors assessed the dietary intake and lifestyle habits of 170 lung cancer patients and 340 healthy patients .
The participants completed questionnaires outlining their smoking histories , green tea consumption habits , fruit and vegetable intake , and cooking practices .
Patients were also asked to note any family history of lung cancer .
Genetic testing was also conducted to assess which particular insulin - like growth factor genotype — among several — each participant possessed .
This analysis was considered crucial , given the author ’s observation that , independent of green tea consumption , genetically determined hormonal differences can affect how quickly cancer cells spread , thereby predisposing people toward a greater or lesser general risk for developing lung cancer in the first place .
While emphasizing that both smoking and nonsmoking tea drinkers generally benefited from green tea consumption relative to non-tea drinkers , the team observed that tea drinkers with particular growth factor genotypes seemed to gain even more protection — as much as 66 percent greater protection compared with tea drinkers bearing a different genetic background .
The findings reflect solely upon the potential interplay of green tea , genetics and lung cancer risk , the researchers noted , leaving aside potential questions regarding black tea consumption .
“ Our results suggest the potential health benefits of green tea consumption , ” concluded Lin .
“ However , cigarette smoking can serve as an initiator and promoter of carcinogenesis , [ so ] cessation of smoking is the best way for cancer prevention . ”
Dr. Norman Edelman , chief medical officer of the American Lung Association , emphatically agreed .
“ First of all , this is not a new concept , ” he observed .
“ The idea that various antioxidants are protective to the lung has been around for a while , and green tea is a powerful antioxidant .
But for us to really know whether or not just one cup can have such an enormous effect , you really have to look at more data and all the other possibly confounding factors , such as whether patients are obese , whether they are leading otherwise healthy lives , that kind of thing . ”
“ Meanwhile , what the American Lung Association is really afraid of , ” cautioned Edelman , “ is that people will look at this and think , ‘ Oh , well , I can smoke as long as I have a few cups of green tea . ’
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Smoking is extremely toxic , obviously , and extremely detrimental to your health .
And nothing changes this fact .
So the most important thing here is that we do n’t want anyone to get the message that it ’s OK to smoke so long as I drink green tea . ”
Meanwhile , another group reported that a diet high in leafy green vegetables , folate and some multivitamins might protect against smoking - related genetic changes that lead to lung cancer .
The researchers from Lovelace Respiratory Research Institute in Albuquerque , N.M. , found those substances , including vitamins C , A and K , could influence a chemical modification called cellular gene methylation .
Aberrant gene methylation is known to be a mechanism in the development of cancer in smokers .
Their findings were published online Jan. 12 in Cancer Research .
Exploring yet another front in lung cancer science , a second study scheduled for release at the lung cancer conference suggests that lung cancer patients who are smokers seem better able than nonsmoking patients to tolerate higher — and presumably more effective — dosages of a standard chemotherapy treatment known as erlotinib .
The research team , from the Wake Forest University in Winston - Salem , N.C. , found that while nonsmokers ultimately developed dangerously toxic side effects — such as rashes , diarrhea and / or dehydration — when placed on an average daily dose regimen of just 225 milligrams of erlotinib , smokers did n’t develop similarly problematic reactions until the daily average dosage reached 300 milligrams .
Green Tea Could Modify the Effect of Cigarette Smoking on Lung Cancer Risk
Drinking green tea could modulate the effect of smoking on lung cancer .
Results of this hospital - based , randomized study conducted in Taiwan were presented at the AACR - IASLC Joint Conference on Molecular Origins of Lung Cancer , held here from Jan. 11 - 14 , 2010 .
“ Lung cancer is the leading cause of all cancer deaths in Taiwan , ” said I - Hsin Lin , M.S. , a student at Chung Shan Medical University in Taiwan .
“ Tea , particularly green tea , has received a great deal of attention because tea polyphenols are strong antioxidants , and tea preparations have shown inhibitory activity against tumorigenesis . ”
However , previous studies of green tea have been inhibited by the flaws of the epidemiologic model with its inherent biases .
Lin and colleagues enrolled 170 patients with lung cancer and 340 healthy patients as controls .
The researchers administered questionnaires to obtain demographic characteristics , cigarette smoking habits , green tea consumption , dietary intake of fruits and vegetables , cooking practices and family history of lung cancer .
They also performed genotyping on insulin - like growth factors as polymorphisms on the following insulin - like growth factors : IGF1 , IGF2 and IGFBP3 , which have all been reported to be associated with cancer risk .
Among smokers and non-smokers , those who did not drink green tea had a 5.16 - fold increased risk of lung cancer compared with those who drank at least one cup of green tea per day .
Among smokers , those who did not drink green tea at all had a 12.71 - fold increased risk of lung cancer compared with those who drank at least one cup of green tea per day .
Lin and colleagues suspect genetics may play a role in this risk differential .
Green tea drinkers with non-susceptible IGF1 ( CA ) 19 / ( CA ) 19 and ( CA ) 19 / X genotypes reported a 66 percent reduction in lung cancer risk as compared with green tea drinkers carrying the IGF1 X /X genotype .
Heavy smokers carrying susceptible IGF1 , IGF2 and IGFBP3 genotypes also had a higher risk of lung cancer compared with nonsmokers carrying non-susceptible IGF1 , IGF2 and IGFBP3 genotypes .
“ Our study may represent a clue that in the case of lung cancer , smoking - induced carcinogenesis could be modulated by green tea consumption and the growth factor environment , ” said Lin .
More information
For additional details on green tea and lung cancer prevention , visit the National Cancer Institute ,
American Association for Cancer Research
SOURCES : I - Hsin Lin , M.S. student , Chung Shan Medical University , Taichung , Taiwan ; Norman Edelman , M.D. , chief medical officer , American Lung Association , Stonybrook , N.Y. ; Jan. 11 - 14 , 2010 , presentations , AACR - IASLC Joint Conference on Molecular Origins of Lung Cancer , Coronado , Calif .
If you have n’t heard of TheSixty One , you ’re in for a treat .
Essentially , a music discovery engine , but with number of carefully selected features that effectively turn the site into a game of sorts .
The focus is on music discovery and the site is designed almost entirely round the concept .
Combining a Digg like voting system , RPG - like points system and a flood of music from established bands as well as your average bedroom producer .
Associated Content takes you through the sites features and functionality in detail , the basics however , I ’ll try and sum up exactly how the site works here .
On the site , after signup , there are two basic things you need to do to get a feel for things ; heart songs and save them .
Hearting shows you enjoy the song ( you get a limited number of hearts per day ) and saving , well , saves them to come back to whenever ( you can do that as many times are you like ) .
Each user on the site ( not artists , although I suppose you could be one ) has a ‘ reputation ’ and it is that that that ranks TheSixty One ’s users .
The greater your reputation the more of the sites features you unlock .
To grow your reputation you ‘ heart ’ songs that then become more popular , because lots of other users begin to heart the song too .
The more other listeners heart a song after you hearted it , the more your reputation grows .
So the higher your rep , the more it illustrates to other users that you ’re a great music discoverer .
So clearly the earlier you heart a song that becomes particularly popular , the better .
From an artist perspective .
Anyone can upload their music , but it must be discovered by a listener , and only then does it get shared with other listeners on the site .
If the song picks up a number of hearts it ’s likely to find a place on the homepage and can remain there for up to 60 days .
Similar to most music sites , TheSixtyOne has artist profiles where all their music is accessible from , you can also link to particular tracks to share on Twitter , Facebook , email etc .
Also , if the artist have given permission , you ’ll be able to download artist songs for your own private music collection .
The site also features Last . fm stations based on the type of music you ’ve hearted but also based on music taste and mood .
Admittedly it ’s not the simplest of set ups , but after just a few minutes on the site you get a sense of the community that ’s grown the site , and that most successful startups thrive off .
The mechanics of the site also become a bit more straight forward .
That said , TheSixtyOne has undergone a somewhat drastic redesign which went live this morning and will undoubtedly grab your attention , but for many it ’s bound to leave puzzled – particularly from a usability perspective .
The layout does give a greater artist focus than any other music site out there , and it IS slick , but sadly rather counter intuitive .
Additionally one of the things I adored about its previous design was the ability to play and pause music while I browsed the site for more music .
In this redesign , it ’s hard to distinguish exactly what will cause a new song to start / stop playing and what wo n’t – bound to leave many frustrated .
Before :
After :
Hearting and saving songs , one of the sites fundamental features is also rather frustrating as you have to hover to the left vertical row of buttons which you want to click but before you ’re able to , they suddenly transform themselves into a completely different style and end up in the center of the screen .
I also found it near impossible to comment on a song , not sure if I ’m missing something there .
At the end of the day however , it ’s the sites community that runs the show and if they ’re vocal enough , we ’ll see fixes and enhancements before long .
It was one HN commenter , who summed it up perfectly however , “ The new UI is very confusing , but the music is so good I do n’t care . ”
TheSixtyOne is a Y Combinator US startup founded in January 2008 by James Miao and Samuel Hsiung .
Read next : Ad Placement Fail
eatBoston is VERY excited to announce that Saturday , April 24th will be the first annual BOSTON BACON AND BEER FESTIVAL in the SoWa area of the South End !
This event will be chock - full of local restaurants dishing out delicious bacon - themed dishes and local breweries serving up samples of their finest beer all in the name of a good cause .
After expenses , all proceeds will benefit Community Servings , Share our Strength , South End Youth Baseball and , The Juniper Fund .
There will also be artists tables , live local music , pig butchery demonstrations , and more !
This is going to be big .
For the love of all that is excellent , SAVE THE DATE , and tell your friends why you ’re saving it , too .
Tickets for the event will be available very shortly .
I ’m putting this together with SoWa Sundays , and they ’re great !
BACON AND BEER !
Huzzah !
( If you have any questions , ask them or send an email .
In the meantime , follow along on Facebook and Twitter . )
Large Problems in Django , Mostly Solved : APIs ¶
This is the third part of my Large Problems Series .
The first two were Search and Database Migrations .
A lot of efforts have come and gone in the Django space , trying to provide a API ’s that do various things .
Some have tried to give you automatic CRUD based off your models or by abstracting the admin , others have extended Django serializers to provide some kind of functionality , and there have been lots of other approaches .
I think that Piston hits a sweet spot for creating APIs .
It has a lot of nice little features , and handles the general use case well .
It is also abstract enough that it allows you to provide your own layer on top of it with ease .
Piston¶ Piston has three major philosophical concepts that are important ; Resources , Handlers , and Emitters .
A Resource is the “ thing ” that you are trying to represent in your API , the domain object .
This could be a blog post , a user , or anything else .
A Handler is how you do something with that resource .
It is a lot like a view , where you get the request and it delegates to different functions based on what you want to do ( create , update , read ) with it .
The Handler will return some kind of object , and the Emitter ’s job is to output this .
It is where you choose the format ( xml , json , yaml ) and other information about how the data is returned .
The way these things are abstracted makes it really easy to create a REST API .
In fact , the documentation has a full working example .
I would like to talk about some of the nicer features and abilities of Piston .
This is not a tutorial , but more a pointer , so that you know it exists and kicks ass .
The Piston Documentation is decent in regard to getting you going .
Residents of Muff Road in a small town in New Zealand are fed up with their rude - sounding street sign being stolen .
The solution , say the inhabitants of Timaru on the South Island , is to change its name for good .
Muff Road is almost impossible to find because its sign is stolen every time it is replaced , so the council has virtually given up .
To stop the farcical routine , Muff Road resident Roger Payne has asked that the street 's name be changed to the far less troublesome Ohapi Road , after the local creek .
" It will just stop this ridiculous stealing of the road signs and link in with the history of the place , " Mr Payne told the .
He will have to convince the council and all his neighbours to agree before the change can go ahead .
AAP
I am happy to inform you of the release of OCaml Batteries Included 1.0.0 .
After I had to leave the project , it has been lead by Edgar Friendly , who seems to have done a very good job .
Now , I ’ll return to my current Batteries Included project 🙂
If Hindi continues to struggle to establish itself as a pan-Indian official language more than six decades after independence , it is not for lack of funds .
The central government spends crores of rupees each year to promote its use .
An army of translators and Hindi officers in the department of official language ( DOL ) under the home ministry keep themselves busy translating reams of government material , bringing out journals and newsletters meant to promote the use of Hindi for official purposes of the union .
Eight regional offices have also been established to monitor the implementation of the official language policy .
There is also a retinue of people who expand administrative glossary by finding Hindi equivalents for commonly - used English terms .
Never mind the fact that even Hindi speakers might find the English terms more familiar .
The Official Language Resolution of 1968 adopted by Parliament stated that " concerted measures should be taken for the full development " of all the languages under the Eighth Schedule of the constitution , besides Hindi , as it was necessary for " the educational and cultural advancement of the country " .
" The reality is that no language gets even a tenth of the budget that Hindi gets .
Even our embassies have courses teaching Hindi , but no other languages .
The Centre funds innumerable seminars and events for Hindi .
There is hardly any funding for other languages , " points out Prof V Arasu , head of the department of Tamil in Madras University .
D K Pandey , joint secretary , DOL , says that his department is merely carrying out what the Official Language Act stipulates by training officers in using Hindi .
" We do n't use any funds to promote Hindi outside the central government offices .
The human resources development ministry is responsible for the promotion of all languages in the Eighth schedule , including Hindi , " adds Pandey .
The DOL has a budget that has steadily increased over the years .
This year , the budget allocated is nearly Rs 36 crore .
In comparison , the National Institute of Communicable Diseases , which does work that impacts the health of millions , gets Rs 25 crore .
The National Archives of India get just over Rs 20 crore .
Even the Central Drug Standard Control Organisation , which carries out the crucial function of ensuring quality and safety of drugs sold in the country , gets less than Rs 32 crore .
In the last decade alone , DOL has been allocated over Rs 200 crore .
Besides the money allocated to DOL , it is mandatory for every department , ministry , nationalised bank , institute , PSU , in short , thousands of offices across the country , to have a Hindi division ensuring thousands of jobs for people from the Hindi belt .
These departments have Senior Hindi Officers , Hindi Officers , Assistant Hindi Officers , senior translators , translators , junior translators , Hindi typists and so on .
Several thousand crores are spent on keeping them at work .
" All that the people in Hindi divisions do is harass officers insisting that they sign their names in Hindi , keep tabs on how many letters you write in Hindi and so on .
They spend their time putting up name plates and sign boards in Hindi even in non-Hindi speaking states .
What sense does that make ? , " asks an exasperated civil servant .
" Such partiality to Hindi ignoring other languages in a country that claims to be multilingual is bound to cause heartburn , " says a government employee from a non-Hindi speaking state .
- RN
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A new fast - acting disinfectant that is effective against bacteria , viruses and other germs could help stop the spread of deadly infections in hospitals , German scientists said on Wednesday .
MRSA ( Methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ) bacteria strain is seen in a petri dish containing agar jelly for bacterial culture in a microbiological laboratory in Berlin March 1 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fabrizio Bensch
Researchers from the Robert Koch Institute in Berlin said they had developed a fast - acting , practical formula which would kill germs on surgical instruments without damaging them through corrosion .
Disinfectants are the first line of defense against the spread of hospital - acquired infections and effective cleaning of surgical instruments is vital to beating them .
The German formula works against a wide range of germs , including some that survive ordinary disinfectants , such as Mycobacterium avium bacteria which can cause a tuberculosis - type illness and enteroviruses that may cause polio .
Drug - resistant bacteria , the so - called “ superbugs , ” are a growing problem in hospitals worldwide and poor hygiene among staff is often blamed for the spread of such infections .
They kill about 25,000 people a year in Europe and about 19,000 in the United States .
In previous studies , the German team found a simple alkaline detergent that could eradicate prions -- disease - causing proteins that are particularly hard to get rid of because they can become fixed onto surfaces through the use of some conventional disinfectants .
In their new study , Michael Beekes and Martin Mielke from the Institute ’s hygiene department mixed the alkaline with varying amounts of alcohol and tested its ability to rid surgical instruments of bacteria , viruses and fungi and prions .
They found that a mixture with 20 percent alcohol was best .
Beekes said he thought the new disinfectant could have a huge impact on hospital safety protocols .
“ Standard formulations that eliminate prions are very corrosive , ” he said in the study published in the Journal of General Virology .
“ The solution we ’ve come up with is not only safer and more material - friendly , but easy to prepare , cheap and highly effective against a wide variety of infectious agents . ”
A Dutch study published last week found that the methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) superbug , which can cause blood poisoning , spreads not freely but in clusters , suggesting it is spread through healthcare systems by patients being repeatedly admitted to different hospitals .
The stereotype that professors are more likely to be liberal than people in other occupations was confirmed by a recent study by sociologists Neil Gross and Ethan Fosse :
The study measured a number of reasons why college professors may be more liberal .
Among others , they argued that already liberal people may be drawn to academia because they perceive that academics are liberal .
That is , just as women are drawn to teaching and men to construction work because these jobs are gendered , academia is a politically - typed job that draws people who identify as liberal already .
They also speculate that the relative low pay , given the high educational attainment that the profession requires and high status that it brings , may lead professors to lean towards democratic principles of economic redistribution .
They write :
Deprived of economic success relative to those in the world of commerce , intellectuals are less likely to be invested in preserving the socioeconomic order , may turn toward redistributionist policies in hopes of reducing perceived status inconsistency , and may embrace unconventional social or political views in order to distinguish themselves culturally from the business classes ( quoted here ) .
I think this is a fascinating and provocative question , even given Gross and Fosse ’s excellent work , and one that I ’ve wondered about many times .
Thoughts ?
TAMPA ( AP ) 
When Fox News analyst Brit Hume suggested last weekend that Tiger Woods turn to Jesus to deal with his sins , critics argued that Hume showed little knowledge about Buddhism , the faith that has been a major influence in the golfer 's life .
" I do n't think that faith offers the kind of forgiveness and redemption that is offered by the Christian faith , " Hume said .
" So my message to Tiger would be , " Tiger , turn to the Christian faith and you can make a total recovery and be a great example to the world . "
That rankled many American Buddhists , who say Hume is missing the point of the 2,500 - year - old Eastern faith .
" I think it 's ridiculous to make those statements , " said Robert Thurman , a professor of Tibetan studies at Columbia University .
" It is insulting to Buddhism to indicate that Buddhism does n't take care of its own believers and followers .
But I think he will discover that Buddhists are very forgiving about his stupid statements . "
TIGER'S TALE : Woods a " bits and pieces " Buddhism believer Woods , a married father of two , has n't been seen since a bizarre Thanksgiving weekend car crash outside his Florida home unleashed a torrent of reports about his numerous alleged mistresses .
On Monday during an interview with Fox News ' Bill O'Reilly , Hume addressed the topic again , but did n't apologize to Buddhists : " My sense about Tiger is that he needs something that Christianity , especially , provides and gives and offers .
And that is redemption and forgiveness . "
Woods ' spokesman declined comment for this story .
But in past interviews
Woods credited his mother and her Thai Buddhism with giving him the focus needed on the golf course and throughout his life , about how it teaches that people have to work out their own problems .
" I believe in Buddhism .
Not every aspect , but most of it , " Woods told Sports Illustrated in 1996 .
" So I take bits and pieces .
I do n't believe that human beings can achieve ultimate enlightenment , because humans have flaws . "
Sex scandals in American society are nothing new , of course , and the Christian faith of many of the fallen is mentioned with their revelations .
In the last couple years , South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , former presidential candidate John Edwards and Nevada Sen .
John Ensign are a few of the recent examples of men who have cheated on their wives .
All spoke of their faith in God and Jesus and finding forgiveness in the wake of the affairs .
So how do the world 's 350 million Buddhists deal with infidelity , marital strife and sin ?
They follow the example of Siddhartha Gautama — the Buddha — a wealthy prince they believe became enlightened in the sixth century B.C. " Buddhism starts with the premise that we suffer , " said James Shaheen , editor and publisher of Tricycle , a Buddhist magazine .
" At the foundation of Buddhism is ethics .
An ethical life leads to a life of less suffering . "
Buddhism 's code of personal conduct is just as strong as other major religions : followers should not kill , steal , gossip , use intoxicants like drugs or alcohol or commit sexual misconduct .
" Adultery is as much of a sin in Buddhism as it is in Christianity , " Thurman said .
" The ethics are the same in both traditions .
Adultery is a sin and causes the kinds of problems that Tiger Woods is in . "
Where many Westerners stumble is that Buddhists ' definition of sin — and what happens after it — differs from the Judeo - Christian tradition , as the consequences of Buddhists ' actions are a result of a person 's thoughts and deeds rather than divine punishment .
Believers have to look to themselves and turn to an ethical way of life for redemption , although there are savior figures within the faith who do their best to help a Buddhist in need .
There is no one , omnipotent " creator god " to bestow redemption as in Christianity .
Said Stephen Prothero , a Boston University professor on Buddhism and the author of " Religious Literacy : What Americans Need to Know : " " You have the law of karma , so no matter what Woods says or does , he is going to have to pay for whatever wrongs he 's done , " said Prothero .
" There 's no accountant in the sky wiping sins off your balance sheet , like there is in Christianity . "
Certain Buddhist traditions believe that if a person misbehaves , he or she will be reborn into various realms of hell .
Others believe the justice is much swifter , that the penalties will be suffered in this life .
" What causes you to do what Tiger Woods did is ignorance , " said James William Coleman , a professor of Buddhist studies at Cal Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo , Calif .
" If you do what he 's done , it comes back and hurts you .
You would n't do that if you were n't ignorant . "
Brad Warner , a California - based Zen priest and the author of the book " Zen Wrapped in Karma Dipped in Chocolate " suggests that Woods return to his Buddhism roots and become introspective .
" I would first tell him to sit with the problem , look into himself and try to see clearly for himself what he needs to do , " Warner said .
" The problem is something he 's got to work out for himself . "
Fox is owned by News Corp. Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Healthification .net is a blog dedicated to helping people achieve a healthy lifestyle in a modern world full of processed foods and tight schedules .
It is written by me , Per , a vegetarian , runner and general health freak .
As Im not a nutritionist or gym instructor , consult a physician before starting a new diet or exercise program .
Occupation magazine - Related Issues
Home page back Print Send To friend
IDF officers abstain from UK visits for fear of arrest
Roni Sofer
Ynet News : 01.05.10
http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3829769,00.html
Israel has canceled the departure of a military delegation to Britain last week after British authorities could not vouch that Israel Defense Forces` officers would not be arrested .
The delegation was slated to include four to five officers invited to the UK by the British army .
===========
Boycott
MKs start petition to boycott British goods / Amnon Meranda
Knesset responds to labeling of goods from West Bank settlements in UK , calls public `to reconsider using services of British companies`
Full story http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3821214,00.html
============
Israeli daily Yedioth Ahronoth reported Tuesday that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has approached the British government in order to ensure that the officers , a colonel , lieutenant colonel and a major , would be able to stay on British soil without fear .
The British authorities could not make such a promise and therefore the delegation`s visit was canceled .
The incident is viewed with great severity by Israeli government officials .
Deputy Foreign Minister Daniel Ayalon said that `should we not get the appropriate securities and if the British law remains unchanged , Israeli officers and seniors will not be able to travel to Britain , which would undermine the good relations between the two countries who share common values and interests .
The British must bear in mind that these visits serve both countries .
`
Meanwhile , British Attorney General Baroness Patricia Janet Scotland is currently visiting Israel and is expected to meet with Justice Minister Yaakov Ne`eman and elements from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
The Israeli side is slated to stress that it expects a change in British legislation that would prevent any arrests .
Israeli elements are also expected to assert that British - Israeli relations are in danger of being cynically exploited by hostile Palestinian elements .
The Israelis also noted incidents that could jeopardize relations , for example the academic and commercial boycott of Israel .
Several weeks ago an arrest warrant was issued in the UK against Opposition Chairwoman Tzipi Livni .
Following the incident British authorities stated that a significant change is planned which would require the approval of any arrest warrant of suspects of war crimes by the attorney general .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown spoke to Livni after the incident and told her he strongly opposed the arrest warrant issued against her and stressed that she was `most welcome` in Britain at any time and that he planned to work to change the current legal situation .
British Foreign Secretary David Milliband also commented on the affair and said that the British government would act with expediency to change the insufferable situation caused by the issuing of a warrant .
The Muslim Council of Britain expressed regret over Miliband`s statements .
In a letter forwarded to the foreign secretary MCB General Secretary Mohammad Abdul Bari said : ג€�You appear to be committing the government to the path of selective compliance with the enforcement of international law .
` This is surely not in the best interests of our country as it will add a further dimension to the double standards that our government is seen to have in relation to the politics of the Middle East .
`
bz Links to the latest articles in this section
U.S. is in Middle East ‘ to protect Israel ’ not for oil , Trump says Palestine politics : Could a unified leadership and elections herald a new era ?
Al - Haq urges adoption of " Occupied Territories Bill " in the Irish Parliament
With President Obama trying to deal with the Democrats ' loss in Massachusetts , a new poll shows he 's losing some support in California .
A new Field Poll shows Obama 's approval rating is down to 56 % , compared to 60 % in October and 65 % in March .
California Politics , The Times ' new blog , has more , as well as a roundup of what 's going on in Sacramento and beyond .
Also on California Politics :
How the election of Scott Brown is playing out in California .
The Times ' Seema Mehta reports it has given hope to the Republicans trying to defeat Barbara Boxer .
" The era of saying , well , something 's a blue state and is always going to be a blue state is over , " said California Senate candidate Carly Fiorina , speaking Tuesday afternoon to reporters after a speech to businesspeople in North Hollywood .
" Voters are engaged . "
Stay on top of California political news through the day .
-- Shelby Grad
The possible loss of a U.S. Senate seat in Massachusetts has Democrats on edge 3,000 miles away in California , where party activists fear a GOP upset today could trigger a conservative wave and swamp health care reform and the 2010 midterm elections .
" Regardless of the outcome ... this should be a gigantic wake - up call to the Democratic Party - that we 're not connecting with the needs , the aspirations and the desires of real people right now , " said San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom .
With Republican Scott Brown poised to defeat Democrat Martha Coakley in the Massachusetts race to succeed the late Edward Kennedy , Democrats at the annual Martin Luther King community breakfast in San Francisco were buzzing about the impacts of such an upset : an end to the party 's 60 - vote supermajority and a possible mortal blow to the health care legislation championed by President Obama .
Ripple effects
But Democrats also considered the ripple effects on coming elections in the nation 's most populous state .
" We better get our act together - and quickly , " Newsom said .
Voters " are so angry .
They do n't feel that we 're paying attention to their needs , in terms of their jobs , and what 's going on at the grassroots , in their neighborhoods . "
With just 10 months until the 2010 midterm election , the mayor 's remarks underscore how the Brown - Coakley race has set off alarms in Democratic - leaning California , which is holding two high - profile elections this cycle .
Sen. Barbara Boxer , a three - term Democrat , faces a re-election challenge - with three Republicans vying to defeat her : former Rep. Tom Campbell , former Hewlett - Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and Assemblyman Chuck DeVore of Irvine .
Boxer polled no more than 46 percent of the vote against any of the three in a Rasmussen Poll released Friday .
And with GOP Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger termed out , former two - term Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown will face one of two wealthy GOP challengers : former eBay CEO Meg Whitman or state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner .
Worse than a canary
For Boxer , a favorite Republican target , a GOP win in Massachusetts would be a particularly dark sign representing " not just the canary in the coal mine , " said Wade Randlett , a leading Silicon Valley fundraiser for Obama .
" It 's the flock of dead ravens landing on the lawn . "
But Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , speaking to reporters Monday , expressed confidence in Boxer - and in Democrats ' prospects in California .
She insisted that - whatever the outcome - the results today will in no way represent a repudiation of the Obama administration , especially on the matter of health care reform .
" Certainly the dynamics will change depending on what happens in Massachusetts , " she said .
" But it does n't mean we wo n't have a health care bill . "
Still , " if Brown wins , then Tea Party supporters will smell blood in California , " said Joe Wierzbicki , coordinator of the Tea Party Express , a conservative organization that counts roughly a quarter of its 353,000 supporters in California .
" This would be a sign that the momentum in general is in the direction of the Tea Party movement , " he said .
Key differences
There are , however , key differences in party demographics in the two states .
While Massachusetts Democrats hold a 3 - to - 1 registration lead over Republicans , more than half of that state 's voters are registered independent .
In California , 45 percent of registered voters are Democrats , 31 percent Republicans , and 20 percent decline to state .
Boxer , unlike Coakley , has run three Senate races - and her office said Monday that she had raised more money than ever in the fundraising period that ended in December .
( The figures are to be released today . )
" What happens in Massachusetts in January does n't predict what is going to happen in California in November , " said Boxer campaign manager Rose Kapolczynski .
" We 're taking nothing for granted . "
But " if Brown manages to win , I certainly think that will encourage the supporters " of DeVore , the more conservative GOP Senate candidate , Kapolczynski said .
" If the national Tea Party movement engaged ... that could dramatically change the Republican primary . "
Going forward , Pelosi said Democrats will continue to pound " Main Street " issues , while Republicans will continue to represent the insurance companies , the wealthy and Wall Street .
American voters will be reminded " the Republicans in Congress ... were n't for Social Security , they were n't for Medicare , " she said .
But Newsom said the Republican resurgence in Massachusetts suggests " there 's real intensity and fervor out there , as represented by the Tea Party " activists expressing anger at government spending and at job losses .
" This is real , " he said .
" At our own peril , we dismiss these tea parties as ... some sort of isolated extremism .
...
It 's not . "
Annual Letter 2020
This year 's Annual Letter marks the 20th anniversary of the foundation .
In that spirit , Bill and Melinda reflect on two decades of impactful work , all the people who make that work possible , and how they are as optimistic as ever about the power of innovation to drive progress .
Annual Letter 2019
In this year ’s letter we explore nine surprises that have inspired us to act .
Annual Letter 2018
This is our 10th Annual Letter , and we ’re marking the occasion by answering 10 tough questions that people ask us .
We will answer them as forthrightly as we can , and we hope that when you ’re finished reading , you ’ll be just as optimistic as we are .
Annual Letter 2017
Our 2017 annual letter is addressed to our dear friend Warren Buffett , who in 2006 donated the bulk of his fortune to our foundation to fight disease and reduce inequity .
A few months ago , Warren asked us to reflect on what impact his gift has had on the world .
This is our answer to him .
Annual Letter 2016
IF YOU COULD HAVE ONE SUPERPOWER , WHAT WOULD IT BE ?
We were asked that question recently by some high school students in Kentucky ....
Trying to keep up with our foundation work and our three children ’s schedules , we gave responses that will be immediately familiar to other parents .
“ More time ! ” “ More energy ! ”
Annual Letter 2015
Forty years ago , Bill and his childhood friend Paul Allen bet that software and personal computers would change the way people around the world worked and played .
This bet was n't exactly a wager .
It was an opportunity to make computers personal and empower people through the magic of software .
Some people thought they were nuts .
But the bet turned out well .
Originally Posted : 2009-11-15 17:24
To the woman who hit my car ... - m4w
For some time now , its been a foregone conclusion that Avatar would surpass Titanic to become the highest grossing film of all time worldwide .
Now it ’s official , as The Hollywood Reporter puts the technological wonder at an estimated global total of $ 1.8437 billion , just ahead of Titanic ‘s worldwide total of $ 1,843,201,268 .
Domestically , Avatar is still about $ 48 million behind Titanic ‘s astounding $ 600.8 million pull more than a decade ago , but that record will likely fall before month ’s end .
Such an accomplishment is truly amazing , but Avatar ‘s ticket sales have benefited from rising ticket prices as well as surcharges associated with 3D and IMAX showings ; the number of people who have actually visited the theater to see Avatar is still far less than the number who saw Titanic .
I tried to put together a rough estimate of just how large this gap is after the jump .
Box Office Mojo does have a handy ( though imperfect ) chart which estimates an inflation - adjusted ranking of film ’s highest grossers .
Gone With the Wind and Star Wars , which have capitalized on multiple theatrical releases , top the list , while Titanic is # 6 and Avatar is # 26 .
Unfortunately , it only covers domestic releases , so it does not take into account the tremendous international business of both Titanic and Avatar .
Thankfully , unlike Gone With the Wind or Star Wars , Titanic has only had one release in theaters ( from December 1997 to September 2008 ) , which will make it much easier to compare James Cameron ’s two blockbusters .
I would like to stress that this will be a very rough estimate of tickets sold , and I do n’t expect it to be particularly accurate .
The average U.S. ticket price over Titanic ‘s release was somewhere between $ 4.60 - $ 4.70 .
Because I do n’t have access to average international ticket prices , I ’m going to assume that international ticket prices have risen at approximately the same rate as domestic prices , and the U.S. average can be extended to all tickets sold .
At this average , Titanic ‘s worldwide gross translates into about 390 - 400 million tickets sold .
Calculating Avatar ‘s tickets is somewhat trickier .
The Hollywood Reporter listed some useful data : $ 134 million comes from IMAX locations at about $ 15 per ticket , and at least 65 % of overseas tickets and 80 % of domestic tickets were sold for 3D showings .
From this , I estimated the following breakdown of Avatar ‘s total gross :
-$ 1.147 billion from 3D
-$ 563 million from 2D
-$ 134 million from IMAX
The average ticket price for 2009 ( and January 2010 ) is $ 7.35 .
From what I can tell , the 3D surcharge is typically between $ 2 - $ 4 .
Because I do n’t know what the average surcharge may be , I estimated that the average non-IMAX 3D ticket price is about $ 10 .
For the average IMAX ticket price , I used the number given by The Hollywood Reporter , $ 15 .
All in all , my methods resulted in an estimate of about 200 million tickets sold to a theatrical showing of Avatar .
This is about half of the 400 million estimated tickets sold for Titanic .
Again , this is a very rough estimate , but I think the point is valid .
Despite Avatar ‘s enormous box office draw , it has a long way to go before it is quite the cultural phenomenon that Titanic was .
Of course , Avatar has been in theaters less than two months , so it may very well catch up to Titanic .
But theatrical viewing patterns have evolved since 1997 , and may no longer permit such an anomaly as Titanic , which topped the box office for 15 straight weeks .
All that said , I am in awe of Avatar : it will be the first film to make $ 2 billion , a number I can barely wrap my head around .
( Winston - Salem , NC ) – Foothills Brewing will release Sexual Chocolate Imperial Stout on Saturday , February 6th .
It is easily the biggest beer release event in the Southeast U.S.
Here are the details for both the Saturday sale and pre-sale event on Friday night :
Friday PreSex
- Tasting to start @ 7 pm in the brewery / warehouse
- Tasting will last until 12:00 Midnight
- Please park in the GMAC / Church lots behind Foothills on Holly Ave
- Please limit coolers to small size due to space
- Sampler glasses , rinse water , light hors d’oeurves , and ice provided by Foothills
- Wristbands to control admittance to tasting will be $ 5.00 which will be split between BA and NC Brewer ’s Guild
- 1 raffle ticket with wristband , additional tickets available for $ 5.00 per …
- Raffle will begin at 10 pm and will include beer and merchandise donated by breweries and package stores
- Due to space concerns , if you plan to eat with a group , please see hostess for dining room seating .
If you have a large group , a reservation may be the best plan .
– Big Daddy
Love will be playing their blend of bluegrass , jam and funk beginning at 10pm
- If you decide to journey to Harper ’s Adult Entertainment , you may brownbag growlers until 5 am …
Saturday Bottle Sale
- 1000 bottles on sale at 11:00 am , limit 4 , $ 15
- Cash / Credit Cards only …no checks
- Lineup may begin after 4:00 am ( we need some time after Friday night ’s crowd )
- Please keep drinking / sampling / trading discreet and please remove all trash .
- Coffee and biscuits available at 8:00 am
- If severe weather is expected , changes to plan will be announced Friday at the tasting
- Please be courteous to your fellow beer lover in line … no cutting , pushing , saving spots in line for late arrivals , etc .
In other words , act like adults .
- If you have a large group for lunch , please make a reservation by calling 336.777.3348
- No whining , sniveling , or drama …. please !
- Afro wigs / 70 ’s attire encouraged !
Thanks to CardsFan1 on the Beerinator forums for posting the info .
During a March show , Glenn Beck suggested the administration punish Democrats with even minor tax problems .
What if it 's Beck with a tax ' accident ' ?
No one has been less forgiving than Glenn Beck when it comes to Democrats with tax problems .
Not just the well - known ones like Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner but also less serious ones such as Labor Secretary Hilda Solis , whose husband only recently paid off $ 6,400 in tax liens on his auto repair business , and Nancy Killefer , who withdrew her nomination to be White House chief performance officer , citing a $ 946.69 tax lien on her Washington home .
Their tax issues are just one indicator of “ a culture of corruption among some of the left , ” Beck declared just last month in a segment on his hugely popular Fox News television show , in which he branded Geithner , Killefer , Solis and a handful of other Obama nominees “ tax cheats , ” whom he would n’t trust “ with my children , let alone my children 's future . ”
Advertisement
Mocking the excuses offered by the nominees , Beck sarcastically intoned : “ Oh , the tax thing , it was an accident .
It was my husband 's fault .
I did n't do it , he did it .
I did n't mean to do it .
I was just working hard for the people . ”
So what to make , then , of the fact that Beck has had his own minor tax problems over the past few years ?
As Beck evolved from a medium - market local radio personality to a one - man media empire with top- rated radio and television shows , best - selling books , a monthly magazine and a traveling one - man comedy tour , his production company , Mercury Radio Arts , has at times struggled to keep up with the heightened tax and filing demands accompanying his success .
Mercury , a private corporation that lists
Beck as chief executive officer and his wife , Tania Beck , alternately as vice president or secretary , since 2007 has fallen behind on its New York City business income taxes and has been cited for filing errors related to its obligations under Texas franchise tax and New York state workers ' compensation insurance rules .
Beck was not available for comment , and Mercury ’s president , Chris Balfe , declined a requested interview .
But a source with knowledge of the situation said that Mercury ’s tax issues were minor , stemmed from bureaucratic confusion and were rectified quickly once the company learned of them .
“ Mercury immediately resolved these very common accounting issues , ” said the source , who did not want to be identified discussing Mercury ’s finances .
Dean Zerbe , national managing director for a company called alliantgroup that provides specialty tax services to accounting firms , said Beck ’s situation “ has the look and feel of somebody who is confronting an extraordinarily complicated tax situation — or at least the people he ’s hired to do these things are — and is trying to comply but is n’t doing everything perfectly . ”
The same , however , could be said of most of the Obama nominees Beck has blasted for tax problems , said Zerbe , who called them “ people who were trying to comply with the spirit and the intent of the law . ”
Zerbe knows whereof he speaks .
From 2001 to 2008 , he sleuthed out the tax problems of Bush administration nominees as a top aide to Sen.
Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) on the Senate Finance Committee .
It was his successors on the Finance Committee staff who last year flagged the tax problems of Geithner , as well as those of fellow Beck targets Tom Daschle ( whose nomination to be Health and Human Services secretary was withdrawn after it was revealed he had failed to pay more than $ 100,000 in back taxes and interest ) , U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , both of whom were confirmed after fessing up to minor tax issues .
“ Having gone back into private practice and working with small and medium - sized businesses , I ’m a lot more sympathetic to the burdens that small businesses , in particular , face trying to comply with local and county and state taxes , ” Zerbe said .
“ It ’s not atypical for a small business with an accountant who is busier than a one - armed paper hanger to have trouble , ” he said .
“ What I think would be helpful for everyone is to have is a much bigger dose of sympathy for how complicated it is to comply with the tax laws , ” Zerbe urged .
In October 2007 , New York City issued a tax warrant against Mercury Radio Arts , indicating that the company had been penalized $ 10,927.49 for overdue 2006 general corporation taxes and still owed $ 7,111.03 , according to documents obtained by POLITICO .
The source with knowledge of the situation explained the issue “ arose during the process of the company ’s transition from Philadelphia to New York ” in 2006 — after Beck began hosting a daily news and commentary television show on CNN's " Headline News " — and was “ immediately addressed . ”
Two weeks after the warrant was issued , New York City released it , indicating in a filing obtained by POLITICO that the debt was satisfied .
The source said Mercury ’s relocation also resulted in confusion over the company ’s unemployment insurance , culminating in the New York State Workers Compensation Board in July 2007 issuing a judgment , obtained by POLITICO , assessing an $ 8,250 fine against Mercury for failure to carry workers ’ compensation insurance from March 31 , 2006 , through Feb. 25 , 2007 .
But less than three months later , the board issued a notice indicating that the “ judgment has been fully satisfied . ”
Board spokesman Brian Keegan explained that the board rescinded the penalty after determining that Mercury had carried the appropriate insurance since it began doing business in New York in 2005 and that Mercury ’s insurance carrier had merely failed to submit proof of coverage to the board .
In the case of the Texas filings , Mercury registered to do business in Texas in 2008 , but for a handful of months last year was listed by the state ’s comptroller of public accounts as “ not in good standing ” because it had “ not satisfied all franchise tax requirements . ”
In November , though , the comptroller issued Mercury a certificate of good standing indicating that there were “ no franchise tax reports or payments due at this time . ”
The source with knowledge of the situation explained the issue resulted from Mercury ’s accountants filing a simplified state tax form for 2008 .
They were later informed that the company was ineligible to use the form because it had gross sales of more than $ 10 million nationally .
“ So the 2008 numbers were refiled using the correct form and the issue was resolved , ” said the source .
The compliance issues in Texas and New York arose during periods of rapid expansion of Beck ’s earning power and influence , which today are perhaps unrivaled on the conservative side of the media spectrum , thanks to legions of passionate Beck followers who at his urging formed hundreds of political organizing groups across the country and turned out by the tens of thousands — some with “ Beck for President ” signs — to protests he helped inspire against the Obama administration .
In addition to his broadcasting and publishing , Beck maintains a 5 - million - visitor - a - month website with an online store hawking hats and T - shirts emblazoned with Beck ’s name , likeness and logo and slogans such as “ Bitter typical white person clinging to God and my guns ” ( an allusion to an Obama campaign gaffe that inflamed conservatives ) .
According to its website , Mercury has a hand in all of Beck ’s endeavors , which , according to a June entry in Forbes Magazine ’s “ 2009 Celebrity 100 ” list , yielded an estimated $ 23 million in revenue in the preceding year .
Fox News has soared to new heights with Beck as a leading horse in its hard - right stable of commentators , but it ’s also endured an advertiser boycott of his show and been drawn into high - profile spats with the White House , liberal commentators on rival MSNBC and environmental groups , among other targets of Beck ’s wrath .
In fact , Mercury ’s tax issues were first brought to POLITICO ’s attention by a Democratic opposition researcher , Robert Moore of Innovative Research Group , who declined to say if his interest in Beck was on behalf of a client .
Beck has welcomed the fight , repeatedly taking on congressional Democrats and Obama administration officials , suggesting they ’re disconnected from regular Americans , of whom he casts himself as a champion .
“ If you 're a special person , if you happen to be in the right crowd , if you happen to be in Tim Geithner 's case , ” he said on his Fox News show in May , “ well , then , you cannot pay your taxes and they do n't really bother you at all . ”
The Obama nominees with tax issues have “ set a poor example , ” Beck said during a February Fox show , asserting , “ I finally found out why liberals do n't mind taxes — they ain't paying them . ”
I have been working on a > 100 k lines legacy project for a while now .
We have to juggle customer requests , bug fixes and refactoring so it is hard to improve the quality and employ new techniques or tools while keeping the software running and the clients happy .
Initially there were no unit tests and most of the code had a gigantic cyclomatic complexity .
Over the course of time we managed to put the system under continuous integration , employed quite some unit tests and analyzed code “ hotspots ” and our progress with crap4j .
Normally we get bug reports from our userbase or have to test manually to find bugs .
A few weeks ago I tried a new approach to bughunting in legacy projects using FindBugs .
Many of you surely know this useful tool , so I just want to describe my experiences in that project using FindBugs .
Many of the bugs may be in parts of the application which are seldom used or only appear in hard to reproduce circumstances .
First a short list of what I encountered and how I dealt with it .
Interesting found bugs in the project
There was a calculation using an integer division but returning a double .
So the actual computation result was wrong but yet the error would have been hard to catch because people rarely recalculate results of a computer .
When writing the test associated to the bugfix I found a StackOverFlowError too !
There were quite some null dereferences found , often in contructs like if ( s == null && s.length ( ) == 0 ) instead of if ( s == null || s.length ( ) == 0 ) which could be simplified or rewritten anyway .
Sometimes there were possibilities for null dereferences on some paths despite of several null checks in the code .
Many performance bugs which may or may not have an effect on overall performance of the system like : new String ( ) , new Integer ( 12 ) , string concatenation across loops , inefficient usage of java.util.Map.keySet( ) instead of java.util.Map.entrySet( ) etc .
Some dead stores of local variables and statements without effect which could be thrown away or be corrected to do the intended things .
Things you may want to ignore
There are of course some bugs that you may ignore for now because you know that it is a common pattern in the team and abuse and thus errors are extremely unlikely .
I , for example , opted to ignore some dozens of “ may expose internal representation ” found bugs regarding arrays in interfaces or accessibly via getters because it is a common pattern on the team not to tamper existing arrays as they are seen as immutable by the team members .
It would have taken too much time to fix all those without that much of a benefit .
You may opt to ignore the performance bugs too but they are usually easy to fix .
Tips
If you have many foundbugs , fix the easy ones to be able to see the important ones more easily .
Ignore certain bug categories for now , fix them later , when you stumble upon them .
Concentrate on the ones that lead to wrong behaviour and crashes of your application .
Try to reproduce the problem with unit test and then fix the code whenever feasible !
Tests are great to expose the bug and fix it without unwanted regressions !
Many bugs appear in places which need refactoring anyway so here is your chance to catch several flies at once .
Conclusion
With FindBugs you can find common programming errors sprinkled across the whole application in places where you probably would not have looked for years .
It can help you to understand some common patterns of your team members and help you all to improve your code quality .
Sometimes it even finds some hard to spot errors like the integer computation or null dereferences on certain paths .
This is even more true in entangled legacy projects without proper test coverage .
Page 1 of 4 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] >>
From : halfcore
2010-02-04 02:48 pm ( UTC )
Scary !
Better than most horror films , at least .
From : elizaeffect
2010-02-04 02:50 pm ( UTC )
This is my new favorite one ever . < 3 From : rosyatrandom
2010-02-04 02:53 pm ( UTC )
That 's so corny From : mcity
2010-02-05 05:25 pm ( UTC )
* slowclap * From : nervousystem
2010-02-04 02:55 pm ( UTC )
We were never meant to toy with such forces From : battle_hobo
2010-02-04 03:00 pm ( UTC )
And thus was the tale of how Reginald ended the world .
From : daleof
2010-02-04 03:05 pm ( UTC )
Haha brilliant !
From : pereza0
2010-02-04 03:06 pm ( UTC )
It seems corn didnt sound that good after all
" Pop " is indeed a scary onomatopoeia From : halfcore
2010-02-04 04:01 pm ( UTC )
And a palindrome to boot !
( Although admittedly , not an impressive one . )
From : theomanic
2010-02-04 03:08 pm ( UTC )
Reginald will be the repeated death of us all !
From : inknpaper
2010-02-04 03:36 pm ( UTC )
hehehe tiny worried beartato arms From : meenk
2010-02-05 08:26 pm ( UTC )
That 's my favorite part , too !! : ) - inknpaper Expand From : brad_sk88
2010-02-04 03:36 pm ( UTC )
A new comic every day ?!
From : revsam
2010-02-04 03:43 pm ( UTC )
it 's just popcorn sillies From : trulymelanie
2010-02-04 03:48 pm ( UTC )
aww ... is Reginald protecting Beartato ??
He 's a good guy after all .
From : meenk
2010-02-05 08:31 pm ( UTC )
My boyfriend and I act out the comics as we read them ; he acts as Beartato and I act as Reginald .
The last frame became a point of contention .
He insists I ( Reginald ) am trying to cower behind him .
From : scottbateman
2010-02-04 04:08 pm ( UTC )
Is this going to be forever ???
From : modernzombie
2010-02-04 04:23 pm ( UTC )
how do they survive going to the movies
unless they are usually only able to trust popcorn in the hands of trained professionals From : simonbob
2010-02-04 04:55 pm ( UTC )
This is like a graphical representation of every day on a forum I frequent .
what did you dooooo Page 1 of 4 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] >>
Believe it : Bullet trains are coming .
After decades of false starts , planners are finally beginning to make headway on what could become the largest , most complicated infrastructure project ever attempted in the US .
The Obama administration got on board with an $ 8 billion infusion , and more cash is likely en route from Congress .
It ’s enough for Florida and Texas to dust off some previously abandoned plans and for urban clusters in the Northeast and Midwest to pursue some long - overdue upgrades .
The nation ’s test bed will almost certainly be California , which already has voter - approved funding and planning under way .
But getting up to speed requires more than just seed money .
For trains to beat planes and automobiles , the hardware needs to really fly .
Officials are pushing to deploy state - of - the - art rail rockets .
Next stop : the future .
Fast Trains : A Brief History
When the first modern rail line connected Liverpool with Manchester in 1830 , locals worried that flying sparks would set fire to buildings and that cows near the tracks would stop giving milk .
That train could n’t hit even 40 mph .
Those British villagers would be downright terrified now .
Here ’s a quick trip through high - speed history .
36 mph Liverpool & Manchester Railway , England A former member of Parliament was injured at the first modern rail line ’s christening , and the Northumbrian train reached its top speed rushing him to a doctor .
( He died soon after . ) 57 mph Grand Junction Railway , England Nine years after the Northumbrian ’s emergency run , the high - speed record was broken in Staffordshire by an engine so powerful it was dubbed Lucifer .
89.5 mph Paris - Dijon line , France France grabbed the speed title from England after a record run on the Paris - Dijon line .
The engine that took the prize was designed by Thomas Crampton … of England .
90 mph Midland Railway , England
It took almost a decade for England to regain its dominance with a record - breaking run aboard an 8 - foot - long , eight - wheeled locomotive from Melton Mowbray to Nottingham .
126 mph Military railway , Germany Germany pulled ahead with this 12 - wheel all - electric train between Marienfeld and Berlin , which would remain the country ’s fastest for more than 70 years .
92 mph Great Western Railway , England The Cheltenham Spa Express became the Cheltenham Flyer after going 77 miles in just under 57 minutes — the first regular passenger service to achieve such speed .
130 mph Shinkansen , Japan
This new line between Tokyo and Osaka provided the first regular service operating at speeds above 100 mph .
The Shinkansen ’s aerodynamic design earned it the nickname “ bullet train . ” 161.6 mph TGV , France
When this high - speed rail opened , it became the fastest regularly running line in the world , shuttling passengers 264 miles between Paris and Lyon in just 2 hours , 40 minutes .
267 mph Shanghai Maglev , China
The fastest passenger train in the world , this line zips from Pudong International Airport to Shanghai via an electromagnetic reaction created between the cars and the tracks .
357 mph TGV , France A souped - up , 25,000 - hp TGV with oversize wheels holds the current record for non-maglev trains .
Journalists on the title run reported dizziness at 300 mph and difficulty standing at around 335 mph .
The Fast
Tracks 5 areas of the country have the population and geography to support high - speed rail now .
But each route poses unique challenges .
California First Phase San Francisco to Los Angeless Ultimate Goal Sacramento to San Dieago Top Speed 220 mph Final Tab $ 45B Conditions here are almost perfect .
Not only does California possess a surplus of big - think , tech - whiz envirogeeks , it also boasts two major cities — San Francisco and Los Angeles — an ideal distance apart for bullet trains .
In 2008 , voters approved almost $ 10 billion to get started , and some of the environmental studies are already complete .
But the biggest point in California ’s favor ?
Ego .
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger wants the system to be his legacy .
Midwest First Phase Chicago to Madison , Detroit , and St. Louis .
Ultimate Goal Hub - and - spoke network : 20 major cities using 3,000 miles of existing railway .
Top Speed 110 mph Final Tab N/ A Nine Midwest states have teamed up to develop a regionwide network with Chicago as the hub .
They will need to build atop a legacy freight system without a dedicated right - of - way — which means top speeds will be limited to 110 mph .
Still , that should be fast enough to win over business travelers who currently brave three - hour - plus car trips between the region ’s cities .
Texas Ultimate Goal “ T - Bone ” connecting Dallas / Ft. Worth , San Antonio , and Houston Top Speed 220 mph Final Tab $ 12 - 22B
They think big down in Texas — as in a dedicated twin - track , 440 - mile elevated corridor that will allow longhorns to wander underneath .
The topography is forgiving , but the land - use patterns — miles of suburbs with scant public transit — are less than ideal .
Lawyers for Southwest Airlines helped shoot down a proposal back in the 1990s , but with broad popular support this time , a Lone Star Shinkansen might happen .
Northeast Ultimate Goal Speed - boosting upgrades to existing lines to get Washington - to - Boston travel time down to five hours , 45 minutes .
Top Speed 150 mph Final Tab $ 12B
On paper , the steel ribbon between Boston and DC is high - speed heaven : four large cities in close proximity , excellent transit connections , and overwhelmed airports .
( The region already has the popular Amtrak Acela Express . )
But on the ground , it ’s stakeholder hell : eight commuter railroads with five owners , seven freight lines , and nine states — each with its own priorities and vision .
And nobody seems to be coordinating the effort .
Florida First Phase Tampa to Orlando Ultimate Goal Orlando to Miami Top Speed 180 mph Final Tab $ 11.5 +B Florida has a checkered history with high - speed rail ; its own voters nixed a bullet train in 2004 .
But now that there ’s federal money on offer , the state has dusted off its plans and stands a good chance of becoming one of the first to start construction .
The advantage : a 90 - mile - long median along Interstate 4 that is government - owned and ready for trains .
Plus , millions of Mouseketeers to ride the rails each year .
Fast or Superfast ?
How rules and money limit speed .
Not all of the projects currently proposed are what many people think of as bullet trains .
Turns out that while those 150 - plus - mph rockets are insanely fast on the tracks , they ’re slow to get off the ground .
The first obstacle is regulatory : Federal rules demand environmental assessments , which require years of study and fieldwork by consultants , biologists , engineers , and planners .
The second snag is cost : Superfast ( or “ express high - speed rail ” ) systems need new , exclusive lines , which are extremely expensive .
That explains “ emerging high - speed rail ” projects , incremental improvements — new stations , bridges , and rolling stock — to existing infrastructure .
These , like the Amtrak Acela Express in the Northeast , wo n’t have a dedicated right - of - way but will share tracks with freight and passenger trains and top out at around 110 mph .
The Bullet Decade Can we have fast trains in 10 years ?
Yes we can .
The US hopes to have high - speed lines operational within the next decade .
Sound impossible ?
It ’s not .
Other nations have shown the way .
In 1990 , Spain ’s rail network was in even worse shape than America ’s : Trains were slow and equipment dilapidated .
Then the government made a commitment to modernize .
Spain now has one of the most extensive high - speed systems in the world .
Likewise , Taiwan built its entire infrastructure in just the past 10 years — despite a population density greater than that of the northeastern US .
All it takes is planning : According to the island nation ’s head of infrastructure construction , by threading the 60 - foot - wide corridor carefully through the landscape , the builders had to knock down only about 1,000 homes over 214 miles .
Finally , China plans to pour a staggering $ 300 billion into dedicated high - speed - rail corridors by 2020 .
Almost all of the first 60 trains will be manufactured in China under a technology - transfer agreement with bullet builder Siemens .
In essence , Beijing intends to slash its costs by cloning the Siemens Velaro train , which could provide a model for a cheaper high - speed rollout in the US .
* Proposed by infrastructure - planning think tank America 2050
The California
Challenge The Golden State ’s bullet train project will likely be a test bed for the nation .
Here are some key hurdles .
Ridership
To be cost - efficient , any high - speed rail system needs an ample supply of riders .
San Francisco hopes to deliver them through a new million - square - foot terminal .
Dubbed the Transbay Transit Center , it will connect the new rail line with nine regional transportation systems , including the Caltrain commuter rail , Bay Area Rapid Transit , and Greyhound — once the thing finally is completed in a decade or so .
Nimbyism
The route across Pacheco Pass and up the San Francisco Peninsula — the California High - Speed Rail Authority ’s preferred passage to San Francisco — is in peril .
Menlo Park and Atherton have sued to stop construction from bisecting their posh towns .
In August , a judge found in their favor .
As an alternative , the train could run through the East Bay , but planners say the hurdles — 46 acres of wetlands , a San Francisco Bay crossing , and a little thing called the San Andreas Fault — are too great .
Instant Exurbs
High - speed rail will transform isolated and depressed Central Valley cities like Merced into commuter towns overnight , instantly cutting the hours - long odyssey to Sacramento to just 43 minutes .
The resulting population boom ( planners are already expecting an increase of more than 80 percent over the next 20 years ) will mean higher employment rates and tax revenue but also a massive jump in urban infrastructure needs for local governments .
Farmland Laying down track in Fresno County is like playing Operation .
The goal is to carve out a 100 - foot - wide corridor with minimal injury to the state ’s most valuable agricultural land .
Depending on the route from Fresno to Tulare , up to 300 acres of California ’s best farmland will be disrupted .
And parcels enrolled in the Williamson Act ’s conservation program should be avoided altogether .
Planners are scratching their heads over the issue now .
Mountains
Taking a bullet train over 4,000 - foot - high mountains would feel more like a thrill ride than an office commute .
So to navigate the Tehachapi range , rail planners initially sought to burrow through it .
They soon realized that would require 23 miles of tunnels and negotiations with at least five major state parks , national forests , and recreation areas .
The alternative : Lay an extra 35 miles of track to cross farther east , in Antelope Valley .
The detour adds 10 minutes to the trip but would link Palmdale ( population 139,000 ) to the greater LA metro area .
Car Culture
No city epitomizes the insane appeal of driving like Los Angeles , whose citizens cling to their steering wheels even as they face the worst congestion in the nation .
Will high - speed rail persuade them to give up their autos ?
Maybe .
Ridership on the local rail system has increased to 306,000 on weekdays , up from 265,000 in 2007 .
A faster , cheaper trip — the high - speed ride between Ontario and LA will save the average commuter at least 85 hours and as much as $ 6,400 a year in gas , parking , and lost productivity — might pry even the most dedicated motorist out of the driver ’s seat .
Earthquakes Since 1984 , seismic activity has doubled in the area around San Diego ( which suffered a magnitude 5.3 quake in 1986 ) .
But active faults are not necessarily deal breakers .
Just look at Japan ’s Shinkansen , which withstands some thousand tremors a year without any casualties .
The trick is in the construction : Motion detectors are linked to a central control system that automatically shuts down trains during a significant rumble .
Deep - reaching foundations resist an earthquake ’s unsettling effects .
And crossing fault lines at 90 degrees limits exposure to calamity .
Rail or Fail
The alternatives would cost more .
Getting California ’s train up and running will be expensive .
But doing nothing would cost two to three times more .
Why ?
Currently , gridlocked lanes waste $ 20 billion in fuel and productivity annually .
And it ’s only going to get worse .
The Golden State is growing — quickly .
By 2030 , another 12 million people could be calling it home .
Without an infrastructure overhaul , drivers can expect a 10 percent congestion increase every year .
To accommodate the billion trips between cities that residents and visitors will make annually , the state would need to build 3,000 more miles of freeway lanes , five more commercial airport runways , and 90 more airline departure gates .
The price : at least $ 100 billion .
Oh , and all that construction would n’t alleviate traffic ; it would simply keep pace with it .
Speed Trials San Francisco to L.A. in 2 hours , 40 minutes .
Or else .
California ’s bullet train system will need a steady flow of riders — lots of riders — to pay off .
But studies show that when transportation times between major hubs exceed three hours , many travelers opt for planes .
To address this dilemma , California ’s high - speed - rail planners specify that trains must travel between San Francisco and Los Angeles in no more than two hours , 40 minutes , a feat that requires sustained intervals at 220 mph .
The problem : Standard bullet trains do n’t go that fast — yet .
The state is gambling that technology will improve before it completes the planning process and starts laying track .
Luckily , the tech does n’t need to improve much : France ’s new TGV already hits 200 mph , and Spain ’s Alta Velocidad Española carries passengers at around 217 mph .
Of course , the deadline also puts planners in a bind : Every route change that adds miles means the train needs to go that much faster .
So be it .
The target is necessary to ensure a fast ride and plentiful ridership .
Built for Speed Forget diesel locomotives and human error .
Modern bullet trains are high - voltage rockets with regenerative brakes , powered wheel sets , and centralized control systems .
Traffic Monitor
It ’s easy to blow past a trackside signal , which is why dedicated high - speed corridors do n’t use them .
Instead , operators rely on a system known as automatic train control , in which traffic and speed information is monitored centrally and displayed on a screen in the driver ’s cab .
Trains are assigned a maximum speed , beyond which the brakes kick in automatically .
Aerodynamics Designers must carefully taper the first car , not only for aerodynamic performance but also to eliminate the sonic boom that can occur when a train enters a tunnel at very high speed .
Auto - Shutdown Sensors can be placed along the route to monitor for high winds , mud slides , flooding , earthquakes , or misaligned tracks — and can trigger alarms or tell the system to stop the train immediately .
Power Connection
A hinged arm called a pantograph connects the train to the power line .
The trick is to keep the pantograph in contact at more than 200 mph .
In addition to a pneumatic system that pushes upward , a small wing creates lift at high speed ; the faster the train moves , the more force is applied .
The arm can also be lowered to let the train coast between different electrical systems .
A.C. Inverter Car
A high - speed line ’s inverter car looks like any other passenger car , but under the floor lurks the humming high - voltage heart of the train .
In the case of Siemens ’ Velaro , for example , the traction inverter turns 3,000 - volt alternating current from the pantograph into direct current .
The driver controls speed by changing the frequency of this current , throttling it up or down between 0 and 60 hertz .
Drivetrain High - speed trains do n’t have locomotives — they have powered axles paired into wheel sets called bogies .
Rather than placing all the drive wheels at the front , state - of - the - art systems have bogies up and down the length of the train .
This reduces axle load , maintenance costs , and possibly the risk of a catastrophic “ accordion ” effect in the event of an accident .
Regenerative Brakes Regenerative brakes inside the bogies feed power back to the grid .
They employ the same principle as a hybrid car , but instead of storing the energy in an onboard battery , the system shares the juice with other trains on the network .
Fail - Safe Systems
What happens if a train operator passes out at 150 mph ?
Hopefully nothing , thanks to a time - tested safety device : a dead man ’s switch .
On some lines , drivers must press a button with their foot every 30 seconds .
Should they neglect this duty , an audible alarm sounds , and if it ’s ignored , the train will initiate an emergency stop .
Diagrams : Brown Bird Design
Model :
One of the great things about modeling in the nude is that you feel sexy about yourself .
Knowing that men and women included , will see your body in the nude and admire it in many ways .
I love doing it , I love the idea that someone loves my body and if it makes they happy and horny , great !
Attributes :
Country : Britain
Hair : Brown
Ethnicity : Caucasian
Eyes : Hazel
Bust : 34B
Height : 5 ' 6 "
Weight : 124 lbs
Vagina Size : 6.8 ”
Playahs
play on .
First , a cupcake mosaic ( yes mosaic ) that gives new meaning to the term " Link Love " :
( Submitted by Sarah , but darned if I can't find her e-mail to source it .
A little help ? )
If you like this , be sure to check out the " classy " Zelda wedding video here ; it features a similar Link cupcake mosaic .
( And yes , " classy " IS in quotes . )
Here 's one for you Wind Waker fans :
( Submitted by Amy & featured on Kotaku .
Baker unknown . )
Moving beyond the land of Zelda , how about a Disney / old school SNES / Mii mashup ?
All together now : Awwww .
Love how the bride and groom displayed their Disney name tags , too .
And finally , we have to end with some serious Mario love :
( That 's right , guys , she does this for a hobby , not a living . )
And when I say " astoundingly detailed , " I mean astoundingly detailed .
Check it out :
This astoundingly detailed bit of Awesome was made by cake hobbyist Frances Clayton .
And when I say " astoundingly detailed , " Iastoundingly detailed .
Check it out :
Yowza !
From a distance I thought all these tiny bits were printed on edible paper , but if you look closely you can see that they 're all either molded fondant or piped icing or both .
And it gets even awesomer .
Next , we take the amazing Mario wedding cake and surround it with amazing side cakes !
Frances ' daughter Mariel sent in the first photo to brag on her mom , and then Frances herself sent in the second pic .
Thanks , ladies !
* Yes , that IS a lame Taco Town reference .
Sorry .
Oh !
Wait !
One more thing , while we 're talking gamer sweets : if you 're one of the few people on the planet who have n't seen these yet :
... then you need to check out the
- Similar Sweets : Super Mario Wedding Cake
Oh !
Wait !
One more thing , while we 're talking gamer sweets : if you 're one of the few people on the planet who have n't seen these yet : ... then you need to check out the 100 Games Cupcake Game .
It 's 100 cupcakes , representing 100 games .
If you can guess them all , then you get the geeky gamer gold star .
( In a purely virtual , metaphorical sense , of course . )
This is a complex guest post by Nic L .
It represents early results of a method he and Ryan have been working on for global temperatures .
This post uses the concept of regularized least squares , similarly to the RegEM method of Steig et al , whereas you have two datasets , one with more trend information ( ground stations ) , the other with more spatial information ( satellite ) .
There is a huge amount of work here and the concept is fully publishable , especially when you see the huge warming result at the end ; ) .
Because of that , this post would probably be one which would make the cut for Tamino or RealClimate , however , this post makes no effort to correct for surface station problems but rather is about the uniqueness of the method and the issues involved with a complex problem .
— — NicL 11 February 2010
Introduction
My earlier post on long - record GHCN stations sprang from my interest in using them to create an improved global gridded temperature history from 1850 on , by combining the data from a set of good quality long record surface stations , augmented by ocean data , with the gridded satellite TLT ( lower troposphere ) data produced by UAH and / or RSS since 1978 .
A well known example in the peer reviewed literature ( Steig et al , Nature , January 2009 ) applied this sort of approach to reconstructing a 50 year gridded temperature history of Antarctica using a relatively sparse set of ground stations , many of which had incomplete records and some of which did not cover the full 50 year period , in conjunction with AVHRR satellite TIR ( thermal infra-red ) data .
Steve McIntyre started an investigation of Steig ’s Antarctica reconstruction and Ryan O , Jeff
Id and myself took this up and spent a lot of time and effort looking into Steig ’s work and finding ways to improve on it .
Following on from that work , I have been seeking to apply some of the same techniques on a global scale .
Ryan has also begun exploring this area , we have been exchanging ideas and the plan is to work on it together , hopefully along with Jeff .
What is presented here is very much a “ proof of concept ” first cut approach .
The rationale for combining in - situ surface temperature data with satellite data is that the surface data is available going back much further than satellite data , but is spatially very incomplete , whilst the satellite data is spatially complete ( or nearly so ) but is available for only the last thirty years .
Using mathematical techniques , spatial information from the satellite data can be combined with the temporal information from the surface data to produce a gridded reconstruction over the entire period that surface temperature measurements are available .
Combining data from satellite and surface measurements in the proposed way relies on the assumption that the pattern of spatial correlations of temperature fluctuations shown by the satellite data was the same in the pre-satellite era .
Over the relatively limited time period involved in this case ( 160 years ) , that seems a reasonable assumption .
It can be tested to an extent , but I have not attempted to do so at this stage .
There is more than one way of using the satellite data .
Because of the very large number of grid cells , it is necessary first to reduce the dimensionality of the satellite data .
This is generally done by performing a singular value decomposition ( SVD ) of the matrix of monthly satellite temperature data .
This is performed after adjusting the data to anomalies by subtracting from each calendar month the mean thereof , and possibly also then normalising the data to unit monthly standard deviation .
SVD is used to convert the data into a set of principal component time series ( PCs ) and their corresponding spatial eigenvectors ( weights ) , together defining EOFs ( Empirical Orthogonal Functions ) , ordered according to their contribution to the total covariance in the data , such that each sequential EOF accounts for the maximum possible amount of the total ( remaining ) covariance .
This procedure is also known as Principal Components Analysis ( PCA ) .
Only a limited number of PCs / spatial eigenvector pairs are retained for the reconstruction , on the basis that higher order ones mainly represent noise .
Steig only retained 3 PCs for Antarctica – almost certainly too few properly to capture the spatial distribution of temperature fluctuations there .
Mann in his latest 1500 + year proxy global reconstruction retained a maximum of 7 PCs from the gridded instrumental data .
But in order to obtain a reconstruction with reasonably detailed spatial information it is necessary to use rather more PCs than that .
Steig used the longer record ground station data to complete the satellite record for the pre-satellite period using the TTLS ( truncated total least squares ) version of RegEM , an iterative regularized expectation maximization algorithm devised by Tapio Schneider and much used by Mann et al for “ hockey stick ” paleoclimate reconstructions .
With TTLS RegEM , the regularization ( involving a reduction in the effective number of free parameters in the model ) takes the form of including only a fixed number of EOFs in regression used to impute missing values .
The choices made by Steig in his procedure seemed unsatisfactory , albeit partly constrained by limitations of the original RegEM program .
But in principle it may be possible to produce a satisfactory reconstruction using a purely RegEM approach , at least where the temporal evolution of the satellite data is not only reasonably correlated with the corresponding surface data but broadly consistent with it as to trends .
Another approach to producing a gridded reconstruction is to perform RLS ( regularized least squares ) regression of the surface station data against the satellite spatial ( eigenvector ) structure , as pioneered by Ryan O in relation to Antarctica .
This gives a set of estimated PCs for the entire time period that are then applied to the corresponding satellite spatial eigenvectors to produce a gridded reconstruction .
The surface station data is generally infilled using RegEM before the RLS regression is performed .
This method essentially involves the same equations as used in RegEM , save that the spatial correlations between satellite grid cells are used rather than the correlations between the surface data and the satellite data PCs .
The RLS method has an advantage over a pure RegEM approach in that the regularization can be more finely controlled and optimised to suit the data , with regularization taking place both in the initial RegEM surface data infilling and in the RLS regression .
On the other hand , it assumes that all surface station data is equally representative of the mean temperature for the grid cell occupied by the station , which ( whilst a reasonable approximation in the case of Antarctica ) is not necessarily the case .
I initially intended to concentrate first on the pure RegEM approach , which is simpler .
However , much of the work involved is common to both methods , so I decided to try both .
Satellite data
The TIR AVHRR data used in Antarctica measures skin temperature , which one would expect to be reasonably close to near - surface air temperature as measured by the ground stations .
TIR measurements can only be made with fairly clear skies , but despite the need for some heavy cloudmasking the AVHRR data generally shows good correlations with the ground station data , on a monthly basis .
Unfortunately , over time the satellite data exhibited substantial drift and inhomogeneities .
Further , AVHRR data is only available pole - wards of about 50 degrees , so is not suitable for a global reconstruction .
In contrast , microwave satellite TLT data is available globally and does not require cloudmasking , although close to the poles and over high terrain its accuracy is poor .
Further , the TLT data is thought to suffer relatively little from drift and inhomogeneities ( although RSS ’s version does appear to have had some inhomogeneities in the early 1990s ) .
In case you are n’t familiar with the picture the TLT data gives of temperature trends worldwide since coverage started , here is a map of them , using UAH ’s data .
The concentration of warming in the higher northern latitudes is very evident , although the projection used over - represents the area affected .
It is also relevant to look at the distribution of variability of the TLT temperature data .
The mean monthly standard deviation of the TLT data over land is about 25 % higher than over sea .
However , the bulk of this difference is due to the strong positive correlation between standard deviation and distance from the equator , as shown in the following map .
In contrast to the AVHRR data , the TLT data does not measure temperature at ground level ( although it does measure air temperature and not ground skin temperature ) .
This means that there is a fundamental difference between the reconstructions produced by the pure RegEM and RLS methods .
The former results in a reconstruction of TLT temperatures , as it is the TLT data ( as represented by its lower EOFs ) that is being imputed , with the regression coefficients reflecting the correlations between changes in TLT data and in surface data .
But as the RLS method involves correlations between satellite data in different places ( used , where ground stations are located , as a proxy for correlations between surface temperatures in those locations ) and not between satellite and ground level data , the reconstruction is of surface temperatures .
( These are my views ; Ryan does n’t necessarily agree with me on this – yet .
J )
Whichever type of reconstruction is intended , the first step is to perform a SVD of the satellite TLT data and to examine the results .
I only used UAH ’s TLT data , as their data seems to have been more homogenous than RSS ’s and I have more confidence in their methodology .
The UAH TLT data is available as mean monthly anomalies from December 1978 onwards at http://vortex.nsstc.uah.edu/data/msu/t2lt/tltmonamg.xxxx_5.2, xxxx being the year involved .
I took data only up to November 2009 , so as to use only complete years .
The whole globe is covered in 2.5 x 2.5 degree grid cells , but UAH defines global as being from - 85 to +85 latitude .
As mentioned previously , data near the poles is of limited use .
The further from the equator one gets , the smaller each grid cell is .
It is appropriate to correct for this before taking the SVD , otherwise areas towards the poles have a disproportionate influence .
Ryan and I have together looked at how best to do this .
One solution is to make each grid cell cover a larger range of longitude as latitude increases ( N or S ) .
However , I opted here to weight the grid cells by the square root of their areas .
This has virtually the same effect as merging data into longitudinally wider grid cells ( square root since SVD minimises a RMS function ) , once the spatial eigenvectors have been reweighted by the same factors .
Weighting grid cells retains the conventional format and also has the advantage of preserving the finer spatial resolution available in the original data at higher latitudes .
However , these are relatively minor advantages and come at the expense of a considerably increased computational load and the need to worry about weighting , so I may well in future instead use longitudinally wider grid cells as latitude increases .
Ryan has written some helpful code for that purpose and for plotting data in that format on a more realistic global projection than the rectangular format employed here .
There is one other weighting issue .
In Antarctica , Steig scaled all the satellite data to unit variance before taking the SVD and deriving the principal components and spatial eigenvectors .
That means that the SVD was calculated using the correlation matrix of the data rather than its covariance matrix .
The strong dependence of standard deviation on latitude could be seen as a reason for preferring to use a correlation basis .
However , as Steve M pointed out in his reply to Huybers ( http://climateaudit.org/?p=405) in the equivalent context of PCA , the statistical authorities favour using covariance where ( as here ) the data are measured in commensurate units .
Accordingly , I have not scaled the TLT data to unit variance before taking the SVD .
I may investigate the effects of doing so at a later stage .
SVD eigenvectors of global TLT data
The first six of the spatial eigenvectors resulting from taking the covariance SVD of the thus weighted global TLT data from - 85 to +85 latitude are as follows .
Their signs are of course arbitrary .
The correlations between adjacent TLT grid cells are generally high .
But , as the generally horizontal orientation of the first six spatial eigenvectors suggests , the correlation between longitudinally adjacent ( E - W ) TLT grid cells is considerably closer to unity than that of latitudinally adjacent ( N - S ) cells .
The below graph shows the pattern of the SVD eigenvalues , each approximately proportional to the mean standard deviation of that part of the fluctuations in the data accounted for by the corresponding EOF .
It will be seen that , apart from after the first seven eigenvalues , there are no steep declines in the curve that would suggest an obvious point at which to truncate .
The first seven EOFs only account for 40 % of the total variability power in the data ( the sum of the squared eigenvalues ) ; to get to 90 % thereof requires 58 EOFs , and to get to 95 % requires 88 .
However , virtually all of the mean global trend is likely to be accounted for by a fairly small number of the lower EOFs .
SVD eigenvectors of land only TLT data
It may be better to reconstruct global temperatures separately for land and sea , as the surface data available and its characteristics are quite different for land and for sea .
If so , using a land only and a sea only SVD might provide a more suitable representation for the corresponding reconstruction .
It is relevant in particular to see what the land only SVD of the TLT data looks like , as there is likely to be more spatial detail over land than over sea .
The first six spatial eigenvectors thereof are shown below .
Surface data – Land
The next step is to build suitable sets of surface data , both land and sea .
I will start with land data , where there are many more choices to be made .
l used GHCN land station monthly mean raw data up to December 2009 .
I processed it in the same way as described in my previous post ( see https://noconsensus.wordpress.com/2010/01/19/long-record-ghcn-analysis/).
That gave 7280 stations , excluding stations with no post 1800 data .
Raw data was used in preference to adjusted data mainly because of the greater extent of raw data , particularly outside the USA and for earlier dates , but also partly because of concerns that the adjustment process could contain biases and did not in any event deal with urban heat island ( UHI ) and other effects of changing land use .
In the case of the USA , adjustment should arguably be made for two widespread cooling biases .
These are the change in time of observation , about which there is little debate , and possibly the change from liquid in glass thermometers to electronic sensors ( MMTS ) – although the effect of the latter is not entirely clear , and in any event seems small .
But my view is that , overall , UHI and other land use change effects are likely to result in any bias in the raw data being in the direction of warming .
I wanted to obtain as much data as possible going back at least to 1900 , ideally 1850 , but there is very limited availability of such data for much of the world outside the 48 contiguous USA states , and data for many stations ceased at some point in the last twenty years .
The number of stations with data extending from 1850 to the late twentieth century is very limited ( only 100 or so with fairly complete records ) , and most of these are included in the set of stations with good data from 1900 to 1999 .
I therefore included stations with data at least from 1900 to 1999 and , outside the contiguous USA , stations with data at least from 1950 to 2005 .
Initially I required not only that there be some data in the start and end year but that no more than 20 % of data be missing over the whole qualifying period .
However , I relaxed this to 30 % for the 1900 - 1999 stations .
Whilst doing so increases the number of 1900 - 1999 stations only modestly ( from 1034 to 1060 ) it noticeably improves coverage in some areas of the world .
My preference was to include only rural stations , with a view to avoiding UHI effects , but the coverage of long record rural stations outside the USA is too patchy to permit this .
Additionally , there are instances of stations marked at GHCN as being rural that have in fact become urbanised ; this may be a particular problem outside the USA .
The final selection was of all 1900 - 1999 stations , save for non-rural USA stations , and of all 1950 - 2005 stations that were either outside the USA or were rural stations in Alaska .
Coverage of the USA from rural 1900 - 1999 stations ( of which there were 463 , most of which also have post - 1999 data ) was generally excellent save for in Alaska , where the nine rural stations meeting the 1950 - 2005 record criteria were included .
The final data set contained 1123 stations .
The precise selection criteria are as per the following lines of R code , “ araw ” being the matrix of monthly anomalies temperatures for the 7280 stations from January 1850 to December 2009 and “ tinv ” the list of those stations with their metadata : # ## create logical indexes of stations with at least one month ’s data in the year concerned : 1900 , 1950 , 1999 or 2005 araw.1900.idx=!is.na(colMeans(window( araw , st=1900,en=c( 1900,12 ) ) , na.rm=TRUE ) ) araw.1950.idx=!is.na(colMeans(window( araw , st=1950,en=c(1950,12 ) ) , na.rm=TRUE ) ) araw.1999.idx=!is.na(colMeans(window( araw , st=1999,en=c(1999,12 ) ) , na.rm=TRUE ) ) araw.2005.idx=!is.na(colMeans(window( araw , st=2005,en=c(2005,12 ) ) , na.rm=TRUE ) ) # ## create vectors of number of months with missing data for each station in periods 1900 - 1999 and 1950 - 2005 araw.55.mis=colSums(is.na( window(araw, st=1950,en=c(2005,12 ) ) ) ) araw.100.mis=colSums(is.na( window(araw, st=1900,en=c(1999,12 ) ) ) ) # ## make index of all GHCN stations with raw data for some month in each of 1900 and 199 9 and < 30 % missing data araw .100.30.idx=araw.1900.idx&araw.1999.idx&( araw.100.mis<360 ) ; sum( araw.100.30.idx ) # [ 1 ] 1060 # ## make index of all GHCN stations with raw data for some month in each of 1950 and 2005 and < 20 % missing data araw.55.20.idx=araw.1950.idx&araw.2005.idx&(araw.55.mis<132 ) ; sum( araw.55.idx ) # 1808 # ## make indexes of rural stations , of all non-USA stations and of 9 rural Alaskan stations included in araw.55.20.idx araw.exUSA.idx=(!( tinv [ ,1]==425 ) ) ; sum( araw.exUSA.idx ) # 5359 araw.rural.idx=( tinv [ ,9 ]== ” R ” ) ; sum(araw.rural.idx ) # 3912 araw.55.r.idx=araw.1950.idx&araw.2005.idx&(araw.55.mis<132)&araw.rural.idx ; sum( araw.55.r.idx ) # 897 araw.55.20.alaska.idx=rep ( FALSE , times=7280 ) ; araw.55.20.alaska.idx [ c( 3361,3364,3370,3375,3403,3404,3405,3410,3419 ) ]
=TRUE ### make index of all 1900 - 1999 stations save USA non-rural plus non-USA ( and rural Alaska ) 1950 - 2005 stations araw.rls.idx= ( araw.100.30.idx&(!araw.exUSA.idx&araw.rural.idx|araw.exUSA.idx ) ) | ( araw.55.20.idx&araw.exUSA.idx ) |araw.55.20.alaska.idx ; sum(araw.rls.idx ) # 1123 [ Note that I have not included other R code used to generate the results given in this post ; there is much code and it is not currently in a sufficiently organised state for posting . ]
The two following maps shows respectively the locations and 1950 - 2005 trends of the 1123 stations selected for the global reconstructions ; stations with small trends show up much more clearly on the location map .
[ Ignore the number 1132 in the headings of these maps ; I made a transposition error in my typing of 1123 . ]
Home Login
You have 6 attempts remaining .
WARNING : You will be banned for 6 hours after your login attempts run out .
Username Password Keep me logged in
Lost your password ?
Lost your password ?
Recover it here !
AGW alarmists , led by the “ hockey team ” , have dismissed criticisms that urban heat - island effects have been distorting surface temperature measurements upwards .
Now Vincent Gray , a reviewer of the 2007 IPCC report , says this : not only is the single paper on which this dismissal is based fraudulent , the hockey team knows it ’s fraudulent and keeps citing it anyway !
Paleoclimatologist Eduardo Zorita writes : “ I may confirm what has been written in other places : research in some areas of climate science has been and is full of machination , conspiracies , and collusion , as any reader can interpret from the CRU - files . ”
A Franco - Russian geomagnetics research group who was rebuffed when it tried to get primary temperature datasets from the CRU has assembled its own series of average temperature efforts by going back to ground - station measurements that the hockey team has never had an opportunity to “ correct ” .
The result ?
Aside from a very cold spell in 1940 , temperatures were flat for most of the 20th century , showing no warming while fossil fuel use grew .
Then in 1987 they shot up by about 1 C and have not shown any warming since .
This pattern cannot be explained by rising carbon dioxide concentrations , unless some critical threshold was reached in 1987 ; nor can it be explained by climate models .
The report on this is well worth reading , as it goes into some detail on how the geomagneticians ’ statistical methods produced a different — and much higher quality — result than the IPCC did .
Among other things , they used daily rather than monthly averaging and avoided suspect techniques for statistically inferring temperature at places it had n’t actually been measured .
Interestingly , their calculation of average temperature in the U.S. says “ The warmest period was in 1930 , slightly above the temperatures at the end of the 20th century . “ .
Could this inconvenient warm spell be what the VERY ARTIFICAL correction was intended to suppress ?
I can almost pity the poor AGW spinmeisters .
Perhaps they still think they can put a political fix in to limit the damage from the CRU leak .
But what ’s happening now is that other scientists who have seen the business end of the hockey team ’s fraud , stonewalling , and bullying are beginning to speak out .
The rate of collapse is accelerating .
In our new feature , writer Chris Sims and artist Rusty Shackles carry on the noble comic book tradition of the imaginary story by bringing you the Best Comics Ever that do n't actually exist !
This week , as we prepare for the launch of the " Wu - Massacre " album by the comics - friendly Wu - Tang Clan , a cross - time crisis brings the Silver Age Justice League face - to - face with the greatest super - heroes of our generation :
( click to embiggen )
Look for our next imaginary installment soon !
These days , it ’s not difficult to consume 600 % of your daily recommended value of B vitamins or 2,000 % of the recommended amount of vitamin C -- all before lunchtime .
Many energy bars , juices and other products are crammed with sky - high levels of vitamins .
Gulp down an Odwalla Blueberry B Monster smoothie and get 360 % of the daily value of four types of B vitamins .
Swallow a shot of Emergen - C and you could get more than 1,600 % of the daily value of vitamin C .
That ’s not necessarily good .
At some point , the upsides of added vitamins disappear -- and may even about - face into downsides .
When it comes to vitamin consumption , “ some is good , but more is not necessarily better , ” says Joan Salge Blake , a clinical associate professor of nutrition at Boston University .
Vitamin C is a case in point .
Adults need between 75 and 90 milligrams a day , but many fortified juice drinks and self - proclaimed immune - boosting products , sometimes called “ functional foods , ” provide 10 times that amount in a single serving .
A little extra vitamin C may be helpful : Studies suggest that taking about twice the recommended amount could shorten the duration of colds .
But consuming much more than that has little benefit , largely because vitamin C is water soluble , says Mary Ellen Camire , professor of food science and human nutrition at the University of Maine in Orono .
“ Your body excretes the excess , and you get very expensive urine , ” Camire says .
Not to mention cramps , nausea and diarrhea -- the other potential side effects of taking several grams of vitamin C or more in a single day .
The B vitamins are another good example .
Overconsumption risks depend on the B vitamin in question : Consuming 500 milligrams a day or more of B6 ( adults need 1.3 to 1.7 milligrams ) can cause reversible nerve damage , whereas several hundred times the recommended amount of B12 ( which is 2.4 micrograms ) is harmless .
But it ’s not clear why you would want more than the daily value anyway .
Contrary to claims made by some supplement promoters , vitamin B6 has n’t been found to alleviate the symptoms of depression or premenstrual syndrome , and vitamin B12 has n’t been found to prevent heart disease , improve mental acuity or boost exercise performance .
Vitamin A , meanwhile , dissolves in fat , so any excess beyond what the body needs can get stored in tissue .
For that reason , consuming mile - high levels of these vitamins poses its own risks .
As high levels of the vitamin build up , they can cause nausea and vomiting , blurry vision , lack of coordination and , eventually , liver damage .
In 2006 , doctors at the Mayo Clinic Arizona , in Phoenix , reported in the journal Liver Transplantation the case of a 60 - year - old man with rashes , sore muscles , hair loss and chronic liver disease -- the result of taking 20 to 100 times the recommended value of vitamin A daily for 10 months .
A similar case was reported in the journal Annals of Hepatology that same year by doctors in Buenos Aires who had treated a young man who had been taking high levels of vitamin A in order to build muscle .
Such cases are , admittedly , rare .
But the trend toward vitamin supplementation combined with the popularity of so - called functional foods has led to some concern among nutritionists and public health experts , Camire says .
In a survey of 1,200 teens and adults published in the Canadian Journal of Dietary Practice and Research last year , respondents reported that they would increase their consumption of certain foods -- including snacks and juices -- if they were fortified with extra vitamins .
( The survey was conducted by the Dairy Farmers of Canada , an industry group . )
The fear of overconsumption may be there , but the evidence of harm is so far lacking , Camire adds .
To date there ’s no evidence that vitamin toxicity has become more common as a result of increased consumption of heavily fortified foods .
In a study published in the journal Food and Nutrition Research in October , researchers in nine European countries pooled data on consumption of food , fortified foods and supplements to determine how frequently people were meeting or exceeding the tolerable upper limit of vitamins and minerals -- the limit is the level at which toxic effects , such as vomiting or lack of coordination , can occur .
Even among people who consumed high amounts of vitamins , consumption was well below the upper limit .
“ With most vitamins , the upper limit is so high that it ’s hard to hit , ” says Roger Clemens , a professor at the USC School of Pharmacy whose research has focused on functional foods .
The risk is , at least theoretically , most pronounced in people who consume both supplements and fortified foods , he says .
Eating a variety of foods , functional or not , diminishes any overconsumption risk .
“ If you have diversity in your diet , it ’s very remote that you would exceed the safe upper limit ” for any vitamin , Clemens says .
Camire has another piece of advice :
If you ’re worried you might be getting too many vitamins , switch over to unfortified juices and snacks .
“ In most cases , you ’re not going to get too many vitamins from natural foods , ” she says .
health@latimes.com .
Henry Kissinger is on record calling us a bunch of " useless eaters . "
Is Monsanto a depopulation tool of his liking ?
" When I despair , I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won .
There have been tyrants and murderers and for a time they seem invincible but in the end , they always fall -- think of it , ALWAYS . "
~~ Mahatma Gandhi
I am a person with strong moral and ethical convictions and , as a proud parent who cares , I have read many child development books -- most of them have a couple of things in common -- they say it 's imperative to feed our kids a well - balanced diet and they strongly advise us to lovingly hug our children as often as we can .
If this is true , then I 'm no longer blurry about something .
The mystery is revealed ; Mr. Henry ( kiss of death ) Kissinger is a bad - ass example of " bad nutrition " and cruel " child neglect . "
Indeed , food and water and love 's aphorism is our common ground , a universal experience to be revealed .
But let 's be real , it 's also a vulnerable weak point for some people to abuse in ways unimaginable .
Aside from being kind and loving to one another , if we are what we consume , we 'd better be much more selective in what we eat or drink .
Especially in knowing we physically and mentally grow or disfigure from that digestive starting point .
After all , destroy the body and the mind dies with it .
Call me an activist dreamer .
I live for the day when we can birth a healthy revolutionary movement to subdue all the crazy power - hungry carcinogenic - producing multinational bio -tech industrialists who seem determined to condemn us to miserable lives of sickness , birth defects and death .
Although there are many honorable individuals and companies out there producing healthy consumer products , that demand is not being met , so affordable organic supply is slim to none .
Having said that , and with no offensive pun intended , a legitimate question nudges the non-nutritious lobe :
Where is it mentioned anywhere in the Big Black Book that the future bread of Christ would later be dipped in 21st century arsenic ?
For some time now , I have watched my America and the world fall ill in epidemic proportions while most surrender their sensibilities and concerns .
I find this woefully unacceptable .
I 'm sure most would agree that Gandhi ( quoted above ) is highly regarded as one of the most optimistic spiritual deities of our century .
However , I 'm equally sure even Gandhi would agree that the wellspring for love and truth starts with giving our bodies a healthy nutritional chance to evolve through safe consumerism .
A necessity for achieving that higher sphere of philosophical excellence and grace that he himself inspires .
So I quickly recommend we lose the narrow vision and quickly find a better platter and chalice for which to wine and dine , because seed giant Monsanto is manufacturing some of the most poisonous Trojan horses the food chain has ever seen .
Consumers beware , we are now trapped in a deadly chemical labyrinth !
Indeed , food and water and love 's aphorism is our common ground , a universal experience to be revealed .
But let 's be real , it 's also a vulnerable weak point for some people to abuse in ways unimaginable .
Aside from being kind and loving to one another , if we are what we consume , we 'd better be much more selective in what we eat or drink .
Especially in knowing we physically and mentally grow or disfigure from that digestive starting point .
After all , destroy the body and the mind dies with it .
Call me an activist dreamer .
I live for the day when we can birth a healthy revolutionary movement to subdue all the crazy power - hungry carcinogenic - producing multinational bio -tech industrialists who seem determined to condemn us to miserable lives of sickness , birth defects and death .
Although there are many honorable individuals and companies out there producing healthy consumer products , that demand is not being met , so affordable organic supply is slim to none .
Having said that , and with no offensive pun intended , a legitimate question nudges the non-nutritious lobe :
Where is it mentioned anywhere in the Big Black Book that the future bread of Christ would later be dipped in 21st century arsenic ?
For some time now , I have watched my America and the world fall ill in epidemic proportions while most surrender their sensibilities and concerns .
I find this woefully unacceptable .
I 'm sure most would agree that Gandhi ( quoted above ) is highly regarded as one of the most optimistic spiritual deities of our century .
However , I 'm equally sure even Gandhi would agree that the wellspring for love and truth starts with giving our bodies a healthy nutritional chance to evolve through safe consumerism .
A necessity for achieving that higher sphere of philosophical excellence and grace that he himself inspires .
So I quickly recommend we lose the narrow vision and quickly find a better platter and chalice for which to wine and dine , because seed giant Monsanto is manufacturing some of the most poisonous Trojan horses the food chain has ever seen .
Consumers beware , we are now trapped in a deadly chemical labyrinth !
One of the most insidious corporations to ever taint the consumer realm , Monsanto is a global killer ; a maker of growth hormones in livestock , Agent Orange ( dioxin ) , MON 810 , and RoundUp Ultra , a highly concentrated Glophosate herbicide used on global agriculture crops with additional surfactants ( to increase lethality ) .
As the inventor of genetically modified ( GMO ) crops and food products , Monsanto is a major producer of agriculture ( GMO ) seeds specifically designed to yield only " sterile " seeds from farmers ' next harvests ; thus , causing economic and environmental disaster for farmers at home and abroad .
A maker and distributor of deadly PCB 's added to global water supplies and one of the biggest toxic - waste polluters the world has ever seen -- under the worst circumstances , Monsanto is probably a conspicuous card - carrying member of Kissinger 's vehemence tha t is helping to thin the flock in what the globalists call " the great culling . "
One of the most insidious corporations to ever taint the consumer realm , Monsanto is a global killer ; a maker of growth hormones in livestock , Agent Orange ( dioxin ) , MON 810 , and RoundUp Ultra , a highly concentrated Glophosate herbicide used on global agriculture crops with additional surfactants ( to increase lethality ) .
As the inventor of genetically modified ( GMO ) crops and food products , Monsanto is a major producer of agriculture ( GMO ) seeds specifically designed to yield only " sterile " seeds from farmers ' next harvests ; thus , causing economic and environmental disaster for farmers at home and abroad .
A maker and distributor of deadly PCB 's added to global water supplies and one of the biggest toxic - waste polluters the world has ever seen -- under the worst circumstances , Monsanto is probably a conspicuous card - carrying member of Kissinger 's vehemence tha t is helping to thin the flock in what the globalists call " the great culling . "
Please take a moment and join the Organic Consumers Association ( OCA ) campaign to " mobilize one million consumers to end Monsanto 's global corporate terrorism . "
Last night I realized I was whining too much in this blog about products that do n’t work .
So I decided to write today ’s post about a product that exceeded my expectations .
We designed our home with a residential elevator .
We did n’t want to go through all the effort of building our dream home and then decades from now need to move when stairs become an issue .
I was worried about having an elevator because it seems like exactly the sort of thing that will break on a regular basis .
Last night I realized my negative expectations had been wrong .
I need to lighten up .
That elevator has worked like a charm , and we use it all the time for moving heavy objects up and down stairs .
So , as I ’m walking across the living room last night , composing in my mind today ’s post in praise of the elevator , Shelly tells me the elevator is broken .
And so it is .
I ’ll have to call someone about that today .
So I changed my plan and decided to write about my broken elevator instead .
( Every word of that is true , by the way .
I was literally composing the elevator praise post in my head when it broke . )
This morning I woke up at 6 AM and walked the dog as usual .
I should mention that we designed the house with an automatic dog door , which functions as advertised , except it scares the bejeezus out of little Snickers and causes her to poop in the kids ’ rooms .
So I walk her instead .
In the rain .
After the dog does her business , I visit our spiffy new coffee maker .
It ’s terrific .
I push one button and it grinds the beans , mixes it with fresh water ( it ’s plumbed ! ) and produces a steaming cup of excellent java .
Except lately it has only been spitting out something like brown dishwater , which I drink anyway , for the placebo effect .
Today I decided to take action .
So after half an hour with the manual , I corrected a setting that had somehow unraveled itself , as if by ghosts .
( Yes , the coffeemaker has a setting that allows you to create brown dishwater instead of something more like coffee .
I ’m not clear why . )
Coffee in hand , I go to my computer to start writing .
But my computer decided to reboot itself last night , against my will , for some sort of Windows update .
And it locked up .
So I do a hard boot .
And wait .
And wait .
And wait , while the creative juices slowly drain from my body .
Once rebooted , I try to start Firefox .
And I wait , and I wait .
I like to check the comments on my daily strip before I do anything else .
Great , I see that my Canadian stalker is back in full force , leaving crazy comments , driving out the normals .
She ’s been cyberstalking me for about seven years now , off and on , whenever she goes off meds .
She likes to call anyone I do business with and tell them I ’ve been sexually harassing her , sending goons to search her home , bugging her phone , and my favorite : using my comic strip as a way to send secret messages to her .
The police ca n’t help me because she ’s Canadian .
We block her IP address on a regular basis , but she keeps changing machines .
Anyway , seven years is enough .
I ’m in a bad mood .
So as of today , I ’m declaring her my mascot .
Yes , stalker , this time I am talking directly to you .
For the first time , it ’s not the voices in your head .
Leave some good crazy comments that we can all enjoy .
My strategy is to get you so wound up that your husband , if you still have one , puts you back on your meds .
Nothing else has worked .
Let ’s try this .
clj - kdtree is a Clojure implementation of the kD - tree data structure .
This type of binary tree partitions a set of points across each dimension , allowing for efficient nearest - neighbor search .
It has been released as clj - kdtree on Clojars .
RubyVor is a ruby gem providing efficient computation of Voronoi diagrams and Delaunay triangulations in 2 - dimensional space .
It can be used for geospatial clustering of points , among other things .
Adobe Chief Technology Officer Kevin Lynch posted some thoughts on Flash , HTML5 , the iPhone / iPad , and more yesterday .
I did n’t see anything really new relative to all the discussions that have taken place here , so I ’ve been slow in blogging it .
Now , however , Kevin has posted an interesting follow - up via the comments .
It ’s worth reading in its entirety , but here are bits I found significant :
For those wondering , the main computer I use is a MacBook Pro , and I ’ve been using the Mac ( and developing software for it ) since it came out in 1984 . [… ]
Regarding crashing , I can tell you that we do n’t ship Flash with any known crash bugs , and if there was such a widespread problem historically Flash could not have achieved its wide use today . [… ]
Before we release a new version of Flash Player we run more than 100,000 test cases and have built an automated system that has scanned over 1 million SWFs that we use for testing from across the web .
Our QA lab has a very large variety of machines to represent the machines in real use on the web .
Addressing crash issues is a top priority in the engineering team , and currently there are open reports we are researching in Flash Player 10 .
From the comments across the web there may either be an upswing in incidents or there is a general piling on happening — we are looking into this actively and will work to resolve any real issues .
If you are experiencing issues please report them directly to the Flash engineering team via the public bug database and the team will investigate and resolve each . [… ]
Now regarding performance , given identical hardware , Flash Player on Windows has historically been faster than the Mac , and it is for the most part the same code running in Flash for each operating system .
We have and continue to invest significant effort to make Mac OS optimizations to close this gap , and Apple has been helpful in working with us on this .
Vector graphics rendering in Flash Player 10 now runs almost exactly the same in terms of CPU usage across Mac and Windows , which is due to this work .
In Flash Player 10.1 we are moving to Core Animation , which will further reduce CPU usage and we believe will get us to the point where Mac will be faster than Windows for graphics rendering .
Video rendering is an area we are focusing more attention on — for example , today a 480 p video on a 1.8 Ghz Mac Mini in Safari uses about 34 % of CPU on Mac versus 16 % on Windows ( running in BootCamp on same hardware ) .
With Flash Player 10.1 , we are optimizing video rendering further on the Mac and expect to reduce CPU usage by half , bringing Mac and Windows closer to parity for video .
IMPORTANT : This project is undergoing a complete 3.0 rewrite .
Please follow the progress .
LABjs ( Loading And Blocking JavaScript )
LABjs is a dynamic script loader intended to replace the use of the ugly , non-performant < script > tag with a flexible and performance - optimized alternative API .
The defining characteristic of LABjs is the ability to load all JavaScript files in parallel , as fast as the browser will allow , but giving you the option to ensure proper execution order if you have dependencies between files .
For instance , the following " < script > tag soup " :
< script src = " http://remote.tld/jquery.js " > </ script > < script src = " local / plugin1.jquery.js " > </ script > < script src = " local / plugin2.jquery.js " > </ script > < script src = " local / init.js " > </ script > < script > initMyPage ( ) ; </ script >
With LABjs becomes :
< script src = " LAB.js " > </ script > < script > $ LAB . script ( " http://remote.tld/jquery.js " ) . wait ( ) . script ( " /local/plugin1.jquery.js " ) . script ( " /local/plugin2.jquery.js " ) . wait ( ) . script ( " /local/init.js " ) . wait ( function ( ) { initMyPage ( ) ; } ) ; </ script >
The differences between the two snippets is that with regular < script > tags , you cannot control their loading and executing behavior reliably cross -browser .
Some new browsers will load them in parallel but execute them serially , delaying execution of a smaller ( quicker loading ) script in the pessimistic assumption of dependency on previous scripts .
Older browsers will load and execute them one - at - a - time , completely losing any parallel loading speed optimizations and slowing the whole process drastically .
All browsers will , however , block other page resources ( like stylesheets , images , etc ) while these scripts are loading , which causes the rest of the page 's content loading to appear much more sluggish to the user .
LABjs by contrast will load ALL the scripts in parallel , and will execute them as soon as possible , unless you express an execution order dependency in the chain by inserting . wait ( ) .
In addition , you can " couple " inline script logic to execute in the proper order in your chain as desired by passing a function to . wait ( ... ) .
It 's important to realize that explicitly , separate $ LAB chains operate completely independently , meaning there will be no explicit waiting for execution order between them .
NOTE : JavaScript execution is always still a single - threaded , first - come - first - served environment .
Also , some browsers use internal loading queues which create implicit " blocking " on script execution between separate chains .
Also , the ' AllowDuplicates : false ' config option will de-duplicate across chains , meaning chain B can be made to implicitly " wait " on chain A if chain B references a same script URL as chain A , and that script is still downloading .
Build Process
There is no " official " build process or script .
There is however " BUILD.md " which lists the steps that I take to prepare the LAB.min.js and LAB - debug.min.js files .
Configuration
There are a number of configuration options which can be specified either globally ( for all $ LAB chains on the page ) or per chain .
For instance :
$ LAB .
setGlobalDefaults ( { AlwaysPreserveOrder : true } ) ;
would tell all $ LAB chains to insert an implicit . wait ( ) call in between each .script ( ) call .
The behavior is identical to if you just put the .wait ( ) call in yourself .
$ LAB .
setOptions ( { AlwaysPreserveOrder : true } ) . script ( ... ) . . .
would tell just this particular $ LAB chain to do the same .
The configuration options available are :
UseLocalXHR : true / false ( default true ) : use XHR to preload scripts from local ( same - domain ) locations
: true / false ( default true ) : use XHR to preload scripts from local ( same - domain ) locations Always PreserveOrder : true / false ( default false ) : whether to insert an implicit . wait ( ) call after each script load request ... if turned on , prevents immediate execution of loaded files and instead executes all scripts in order
: true / false ( default false ) : whether to insert an implicit . wait ( ) call after each script load request ... if turned on , prevents immediate execution of loaded files and instead executes all scripts in order AllowDuplicates : true / false ( default true ) : whether to inspect the current page and $ LAB loading cache to see if the same script URL has already been requested and allow ( true ) or ignore ( false ) if so .
NOTE : in v1.2.0 and before , this did n't work correctly across multiple $ LAB chains , but as of v2.0 , it works correctly .
: true / false ( default true ) : whether to inspect the current page and $ LAB loading cache to see if the same script URL has already been requested and allow ( true ) or ignore ( false ) if so .
NOTE : in v1.2.0 and before , this did n't work correctly across multiple $ LAB chains , but as of v2.0 , it works correctly .
CacheBust : true / false ( default false ) : adds a cache - busting parameter ( random number ) to the end of a script URL
: true / false ( default false ) : adds a cache - busting parameter ( random number ) to the end of a script URL BasePath : { string} ( default " " ) : a path string to prepend to every script request 's URL
Protocol - relative URLs
Browsers have long supported " protocol - relative URLs " , which basically means leaving off the " http : " or " https : " portion of a URL ( leaving just the "//domain.tld / path / ... " part ) , which causes that URL to be assumed to be the same protocol as the parent page .
The benefit is that if you have a page that can be viewed in either HTTP or HTTPS , and your resources can ( and need to be ) served through either HTTP or HTTPS , respectively , you can simply list your URLs as protocol - relative and the browser will auto - select based on which protocol the page is viewed in .
LABjs now supports specifying such URLs to any script URL setting .
NOTE : This is the recommended way to specify URLs for script resources if : a ) the page you 're serving can be viewed in both HTTP and HTTPS ; and b ) the script resource you 're linking to can be accessed using the exact same domain / path with exception to the protocol .
A common example of such a resource is the CDN locations on the Google Ajax API , where popular frameworks like jQuery and Dojo are hosted .
If you are linking to such CDN resources , you are strongly encouraged to change to using protocol - relative URLs , like "//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.4/jquery.min.js " instead of " http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.4/jquery.min.js " or " https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.4/jquery.min.js " .
New in v2.0
eyevine
“ YOU should enjoy this , ” said a Pushtun from Waziristan , the most remote and radicalised of the tribal areas in North - West Pakistan that border Afghanistan , as he proffered a bottle of Scottish whisky .
It was an excellent Sutherland single - malt ; but the man was referring to the bottle 's more recent provenance , not its pedigree .
He had been given it by a fellow Waziristani working for Pakistan 's Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) agency .
This spy had received the illegal grog from an American CIA officer .
Your correspondent 's friend returned homewards , Scotch in hand , driven by another Waziristani , who is also employed as a fixer by al - Qaeda .
Waziristan , home to 800,000 tribal Pushtuns , is a complicated place .
It is the hinge that joins Pakistan and Afghanistan , geographically and strategically .
Split into two administrative units , North and South Waziristan , it is largely run by the Taliban , with foreign jihadists among them .
If Islamist terror has a headquarters , it is probably Waziristan .
For terrorists , its attraction is its fierce independence .
Waziristanis ( who come mostly from the Wazir and Mehsud tribes ) have repelled outsiders for centuries .
Marauding down onto the plains of northern Punjab — now North - West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) — their long - haired warriors would rape , pillage and raise a finger to the regional imperialist , Mughal or British , of the day .
No government , imperialist or Pakistani , has had much control over them .
“ Not until the military steamroller has passed over [ Waziristan ] from end to end will there be peace , ” wrote Lord Curzon , a British viceroy of India at the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries .
With 50,000 Pakistani troops now battling the Taliban in Waziristan , even that may be optimistic .
One of the current drivers of the steamroller is Major - General Tariq Khan , head of the army 's 60,000 - strong Frontier Corps ( FC ) , whose forebears , rulers of neighbouring Tank , were often robbed by the hill - men .
For him , Waziristan is “ the last tribal area ” .
Despite their remoteness , these tribesmen have often had a hand in the fates of governments in Kabul , Delhi and elsewhere .
In 1929 a British - backed Afghan , Nadir Shah , used an army of Wazirs to seize the Afghan throne .
A force of Wazirs and Mehsuds was dispatched in 1947 to seize Kashmir for the newly formed Islamic republic , sparking the first Indo - Pakistan war .
In the 1980s Pakistan , America and Saudi Arabia armed them to fight the Soviet army in Afghanistan .
In 2001 thousands of Afghan Taliban and their al - Qaeda guests fled to Waziristan .
They have resumed their jihad from across the border , this time against NATO troops — aided , Afghans say , by the ISI .
Fighting and spying on the frontier is often described as a Great Game , after the 19th - century Russo - British sparring for which the phrase was coined .
And on a five - day visit to South Waziristan in December as a guest of the FC — a rare privilege for a foreigner — and in interviews with Wazirs and Mehsuds in Peshawar , Islamabad and Lahore , your correspondent was struck by how many used this phrase , speaking of the crises that periodically buffet the frontier as a “ game ” , and themselves , through their alliances with one power or another , as “ players ” .
“ It is all a great game , ” said Rehmat Mehsud , a Waziristani journalist .
“ The army , the Taliban , the ISI , they are all involved , and we do n't know who is doing what . ”
Tribal kin may find themselves playing on different teams .
For example , a Mehsud army officer , a member of the most radical Pushtun tribe , whose militant chiefs head a frontier - wide conglomeration of tribally based Islamists known as the Pakistani Taliban , admits that several of his cousins are high - ups in the Taliban .
Yet he bears them no ill - will .
“ We are all Mehsud , ” he says , over a beer or two .
“ So long as one family earns , the rest can eat , ” said another South Waziristani , explaining the advantages of thus spreading political bets .
Making for the hills
The journey to Waziristan began on December 7th in Peshawar , NWFP 's capital , with a thunderous roar , as just across the street a man blew himself up .
Black smoke spewed from the blast - site , a police checkpoint , now obliterated , at the entrance to the province 's high court .
Eleven were killed .
Bloodied policemen and lawyers staggered from the wreckage .
As a military convoy carrying your correspondent tried forcing its way through this throng from the adjacent Bala Hisar fort , the FC 's citadel , there was chaos .
Horns blared and men and boys shrieked and yelled .
Cars attempted impossible U - turns .
A police wagon loaded with dead or injured rattled along the pavement , blood - stained limbs flapping from its open back .
The FC men , representing a medley of frontier tribes , Afridis , Mohmandis , Yusufzai , bullied their way through .
At speed , the convoy headed south out of Peshawar for Waziristan .
Since mid-October , when over 30,000 Pakistani troops launched an attack on Mehsud territory , a retaliatory terrorism spree has ripped through every large Pakistani city , including Peshawar , Islamabad , Rawalpindi , Lahore and Multan .
Over 500 have been killed and thousands injured , mostly by suicide - blasts executed by indoctrinated young Mehsuds .
Senior army officers , who have lofty status in a country ruled by them for half its history , have been among the dead .
Among 40 killed in a commando - style attack on a crowded mosque in Rawalpindi last month was the only son of Lieutenant - General Masood Aslam , commander of Pakistan 's north - western campaign .
Bowling along the frontier , over castellated ridges , boulder - strewn plains and rounded limestone hills , there was much evidence of recent explosions .
A jagged crater , in the Indus highway that spans Pakistan north - south , showed where a police check - point had been almost erased .
Two recently mined road - bridges were under repair .
Nearing the arms - making town of Darra Adam Khel , which is inhabited by Afridis , whom the British considered almost as fierce as the Waziristanis , the convoy accelerated again .
A one - street mud - built huddle , dedicated to making counterfeit modern weapons , Darra was once a favourite of western backpackers ; for a few dollars , they got to fire an anti-aircraft gun or lob a grenade .
It is now Taliban - infested .
Nearing Tank , a town swollen with Mehsud refugees , the hills unfold into a large dusty plain .
This is the last “ settled area ” , as parts of NWFP that touch the tribal areas are known : a civilised status emphasised by a sign on its main drag , advertising the “ Oxford high school ” .
Looking up to the north - west , the mountains of South Waziristan , faintly outlined behind a wintry mist , rise steeply to jagged peaks .
That is Mehsud country , only a night 's journey away for tribal raiders .
The Mehsud have attacked and looted Tank for centuries .
“ They 're the biggest thieves , crooks , liars , everything bad , they 'll kill you for what 's in your pocket , ” says Nawab Zadar Saadat Khan , the septuagenarian chief of Tank 's historic ruling family .
The Taliban are , in his view , just as bad : “ Taliban !
These are people who used to stand outside our door begging for food ! ” he says inside the crumbling mud walls of his ancestral fort , where Sir Henry Durand , a British lord of the frontier whose son drew the line that remains the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan , met his fate in 1871 .
He was a victim not of treacherous tribesmen but of an elephant he was riding , which reared and brained him on a stone archway he was passing through .
But the British had a similar view of the Mehsud to Mr Khan .
According to an 1881 report , no tribe had “ been more daring or more persistent in disturbing the peace of British territory … not a month passed without some serious crime , cattle - lifting , robbery accompanied by murder being committed by armed bands of marauders from the Mehsud hills . ”
Leaving Tank , the convoy climbed through brittle yellow hills into South Waziristan , aboard Toyota pickups , not elephants .
But the view was much the same as in 1859 , when British troops first marched into Waziristan .
Stony ridges rise up from ravines , dry riverbeds and hardly vegetated plains , and curl around each other .
Houses are thinly sprinkled alongside South Waziristan 's one good road , which runs 80 km ( 50 miles ) from Tank to its main town of Wana .
Every one has 20 - feet - high walls , built of sun-baked mud studded with pebbles to withstand machinegun bursts .
On the grander dwellings a multi-storey tower , with lavish brickwork decoration and firing - slits , rises up to improve the household 's field - of - fire .
But outside the ramparts are scenes of everyday peasant life .
Women in bright headscarves stump along under bundles of firewood .
( In Waziristan , as in Afghanistan , most tribal women wear burkas only to town . )
Swarms of children , also brightly coloured against the ubiquitous yellow backdrop of mud and rock , run shrieking from the convoy .
Bearded men , squatting together in the pale afternoon sun , stare impassively as the FC goes by .
With the annexation of Punjab in 1849 , British India reached the frontier .
The British had no immediate interest in these barren tribal territories , which were mostly claimed by Afghanistan .
But to keep the tribes at bay , they were forced to launch a big military operation on the frontier almost every year for the next half - century .
This was tiresome and expensive , so around the time the frontier was demarcated in 1893 , the strategy changed , and the British began a concerted effort to buy off tribal elders , or maliks .
In egalitarian Pushtun society , where prestige is won in battle , these grey - beards initially had limited authority .
But through British patronage it grew , creating for the colonialists a pliable tribal elite .
With this toehold established , the British then took a firmer grip on the area , developing a system of indirect rule that has hardly changed since .
In Wana , a two - road town 40 km from the Afghan border , surrounded by orchards and a vast FC camp , Syed Shahab Ali Shah explains the system that he runs .
He is South Waziristan 's political agent ( PA ) , the government 's chief representative in the area and the man whose job it is to keep the tribes in check .
He imposes fines and taxes — on transport , trade , and whatever else he chooses — and returns this money to the maliks , in the form of allowances or other sweeteners .
Representatives of a network of tribal police , known as khassadars , also get a share .
In return , these local leaders are charged with ensuring the security of government property , including roads , and personnel .
When they fail , the maliks must produce the culprit , his guilt attested by a tribal jirga , or council , for punishment by the PA ( until recently up to 14 years in prison with no appeal ) .
If they fail to do that , the PA can call up the FC to weigh collective punishments against the offending tribe , for example by taking prisoners or bulldozing houses .
On occasion the PA may take notice of extraneous crimes , including the blood - feuds that are a fact of Pushtun life —
“ We would never allow two tribes to fight each other indefinitely , ” says Mr Shah .
But the tribes are mostly free to decide such matters among themselves , which they do , remarkably harmoniously , through jirgas and riwaj — tribal customary law .
In Waziristan , as in most of the tribal areas , there is no written land register .
Nor , until 2001 , was there much crime .
“ The tribal areas was lawless only in the sense that there are no laws .
But they have a certain way of going about things there , ” says Major Geoffrey Langlands , 92 , a British colonial officer who stayed on , serving as headmaster of North Waziristan 's only secondary school for a decade .
His tenure ended , in 1988 , after he was kidnapped by an aggrieved Wazir .
He considered his detention , in a frozen mountain hut , to be “ quite tolerable , on the whole ” .
Major Langlands is now headmaster of a school in Chitral ; his former school in North Waziristan was closed in July after the Taliban kidnapped 80 of its pupils and ten teachers .
The British frontier effort was cemented by a tough and accomplished breed of Pushtu- speaking British PAs , several of whom were murdered in Waziristan .
The enmity between the two big tribes , which they encouraged by giving the Mehsuds a disproportionately high share of loot , helped keep them in check .
Mehsuds , now as then , consider Wazirs slow - witted , mercantile and untrustworthy —
“ If your right hand is a Wazir , cut it off , ” advises a Mehsud .
Wazirs mainly consider Mehsuds as vagabonds and cattle - rustlers , often quoting as evidence for this a prayer that Mehsud women are said to chant to their infants : “ Be a thief and may God go with you ! ”
Mehsuds also quote this , to illustrate their people 's cunning and derring - do .
The maliki system , reinforced by the draconian Frontier Crimes Regulation , still the only law in the tribal areas , worked remarkably well .
Nonetheless , every decade or two , the British faced a major tribal revolt , typically led by a charismatic mullah .
A frontier trait , this was nowhere more pronounced than among Waziristanis .
Their warrior mullahs included Mullah Powindah , an Afghan - backed Mehsud , who in 1894 led an attack on the British team demarcating the frontier .
Taking the title , Badshah - e - Taliban , King of the Taliban , he was a two - decade - long headache for the British , who decried him as an irredeemable fanatic , but were not above trying to buy him .
Curzon wrote that Powindah was “ a first - class scoundrel that we are taking under our wings ” .
A Wazir of North Waziristan , Mirza Ali Khan , known as the Faqir of Ipi , was a harder case .
From 1936 to 1947 he led a freedom struggle that at one point sucked in 40,000 British Indian troops , and was quelled only by brutal aerial bombing .
Khan was also backed by the Afghans , and was allegedly in contact with Nazi Germany .
But when he died , in 1960 , the London Times mourned him as a “ doughty and honourable opponent ” .
From the officers ' mess of the South Waziristan Scouts , the FC's Wana - based contingent , formed in 1899 , it is tempting to think Waziristan has hardly changed since those colonial days .
The heavy silver beer tankards of its former British inhabitants stand , dutifully polished , ready for use .
The incumbents , Punjabi army officers on secondment to the FC , in fact drink Sprite with their curried dinner — yet their conversation is in a time - worn tradition .
Mostly , they discuss their belief that India is behind the current troubles on the frontier .
Lieutenant - Colonel Tabraiz Abbas , just in from fighting the Mehsud militants , describes finding Indian - made arms on the battlefield .
Substitute “ Russian ” for “ Indian ” and you have the standard British Great - Game gripe .
As late as 1930 , a senior British official , in dispatches stored in India 's national archives , reported that a clutch of Russian guns had been found in Waziristan : “ Of these 36 are stamped with the ‘ Hammer and Sickle ' emblem of the Soviet government , while one is an English rifle bearing the Czarist crest . ”
eyevine
Do n't mess with the Waziristanis
Yet Waziristan is greatly changed .
Its administrative system , overrun by militancy , now functions only weakly in Wazir areas .
There , the PA has a shaky peace agreement , brokered by maliks , with the Taliban who are to be seen lounging in Wana bazaar .
But the government has been entirely absent from Mehsud areas for three years .
Mr Shah , the PA , sees the origin of this collapse in the anti-Soviet war , which glamorised Islamic militancy and flooded the tribal areas with sophisticated weapons .
Wana was an important mujahideen headquarters during that war , with many willing recruits among some 80,000 Afghan refugees encamped near the town .
At a gathering of a dozen lavishly turbaned Wazir maliks in Wana , your correspondent asked if anyone had fought the Soviets .
Everyone raised a hand — and one man a leg , to reveal an ugly scar left by a Soviet bullet .
When the Taliban and many foreign jihadists were forced to flee Afghanistan in 2001 , Wana made an obvious retreat .
Several hundred Uzbeks — members of the exiled Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan — and a smaller number of Arabs and Turkmen came , guided by a local ne'er - do - well , Nek Muhammad , who had won fame fighting with the Afghan Taliban .
And the Wazirs opened their doors to these fugitives .
“ It is our custom to give sanctuary to whoever requests it , ” said Mir Khajang , a malik with a black beard and golden turban .
“ The Uzbeks said they had been forced to leave Afghanistan and were good Muslims .
So we took them in . ”
Indeed the Pushtun tribal code imposes a duty of hospitality .
Yet the Wazirs are also said to have charged the foreigner jihadists hefty rents .
Under pressure from America , the army moved into the tribal areas to mop up the al - Qaeda fugitives .
It at first offered amnesty to other foreign fighters , provided they registered and behaved themselves .
But in March 2004 it encountered fierce resistance near Wana , mostly from the Uzbeks .
The fighting left over 50 soldiers dead , and ended in a peace settlement in April , signed with Nek Muhammad — who was killed in an airstrike shortly afterwards .
The Uzbeks and their local allies then set out to control the area .
Their first step was to kill its maliks .
Seven of Mr Khajang 's close relatives were accordingly hanged by the Uzbeks .
The army often stood by , unsure whether to fight the militants or negotiate with them .
Meanwhile a tide of militancy spread from Wana across the frontier .
Its rallying - cry was the presence of foreign troops in Afghanistan , where a Taliban insurgency began gathering pace in mid-2003 .
But the upheaval was also a response to the weakness of an outworn administrative system — which the presence of the army , a powerful alternative command structure , further undermined .
The Mehsud militants , for example , have been led by veterans of Afghanistan 's wars , such as Baitullah Mehsud , supreme leader of the Pakistani Taliban until he was killed by an American drone in August .
Yet certainly compared to the Wazirs , the tribe has little interest in Afghanistan .
Among them , the uprising is an obvious power grab by a jihad - pumped underclass .
The tribe 's maliks , widely reviled as “ corrupt puppets of the British Raj ” , according to a high - up Mehsud , were again the first victims .
Across South Waziristan over 600 have been murdered .
In addition , an assistant PA was kidnapped in North Waziristan and several lower - level civil servants killed .
All were blamed for a chronic lack of development .
According to a decade - old census , the literacy rate across the tribal areas is 17 % — and just 3 % for women — compared to 44 % across Pakistan .
The tribal areas have only one doctor for every 8,000 people — and no decent hospital for over half a million Mehsuds .
With the army still grappling for a strategy , two events in 2007 demonstrated that the insurgency 's centre had shifted to the Mehsud .
First , egged on by the ISI , the Wazir tribes were incited to rise up and drive the Uzbeks from Wana , whence most went to Mehsud areas .
Then , in July 2007 , the army 's stormed an Islamabad mosque , the Lal Masjid , that had been taken over by well - armed jihadists , killing over 100 .
This sparked an ongoing Pakistan - wide terrorism campaign , including around 300 suicide blasts to date , for which the Mehsud have been largely blamed .
Benazir Bhutto , a two - time former prime minister , assassinated in a suicide and gunfire attack in late 2007 , was allegedly among their victims .
For the next 18 months or so , the news from the frontier was grim .
Flush with foreign cash and through their own extortion rackets , the Mehsud militants and their allies seized a broad swathe of territory , from Waziristan through Orakzai and Khyber to Bajaur , and including much of NWFP 's Malakand region .
Across the settled areas , the slogan “ Meezh dre Maseet ” — “ I belong to the Mehsud ” — struck terror .
Wealthy Peshawaris fled the city , fearing bearded kidnappers .
Last April the Taliban seized Malakand 's Buner district , just 100 km ( 62 miles ) from Islamabad .
This said little for Pakistan 's army .
It had long been accused of tolerating , even harbouring , the Afghan Taliban .
Now it seemed neglectful of its country 's very security , as blasts ripped through Pakistan 's cities .
And there was something to both charges .
Many senior army officers considered that the Afghan militants were no concern of Pakistan's , and reckoned it was better to come to terms with the Pakistani Taliban rather than fight them .
This was to some degree understandable : the frontier campaign was unpopular in Pakistan , the army was coming off badly against the irregulars , and making deals with rebels was , after all , how the frontier had been contained for 150 years .
Unfortunately , however , that method was no longer working .
eyevine
A soldier 's lot is not a happy one
So this year the strategy was changed , with considerable success .
In May the army swept the Taliban from Malakand , to national acclaim .
And in October and November , after a three - month blockade of the Mehsud fief , displacing over 200,000 people , it routed the militants there .
On the road from Tank to Wana , perfect round shell - holes , punched through the mud-walls of now - empty houses , show where the army advanced .
In Sarwakai , a former Taliban logistics hub , army bulldozers were levelling a bazaar as open - backed trucks loaded with prisoners , blindfolded and bare - headed , drove by .
Most of their comrades , including the Pakistani Taliban 's current leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , escaped — some to Orakzai , where they are again under attack .
Several thousand more are believed to be in Miran Shah and Mir Ali , in North Waziristan , and the army is currently deciding whether to pursue them there .
Pakistan will struggle to pacify Waziristan so long as Afghanistan is ablaze .
Yet it is at last giving itself a fair chance , on the heels of its advancing troops , by launching a serious - looking bid to rebuild its shattered administration .
South Waziristan 's development budget has been increased 15 - fold and , with improved security , the PA should actually be able to spend it .
To sideline the weakened maliks , he will be given command of a new , 4,000 - strong , tribal police force .
The agency may also be divided , to ensure greater attention is given to the marginalised and seething Mehsuds .
And political reform is coming , too , with a law passed last August granting political parties access to the tribal areas .
For more meaningful democracy , some far - sighted officials advocate setting up agency - level councils , with powers over development projects .
This would be overdue .
Many young Waziristanis are hungry for the political freedoms enjoyed , alas fitfully , by the rest of the country — as their enthusiasm for an abortive effort to introduce local government in 2005 showed .
Even the Wazir maliks assembled in Wana , prime beneficiaries of the old order , admitted this .
“ Our youngsters want reform , adult franchise , no collective punishments , ” admitted one of the old men , Bizmillah Khan .
“ But they also want our culture , our traditions and our freedom to remain intact . ”
They will be disappointed .
When Waziristan is merged with Pakistan proper , as eventually it must be , good things will be lost .
The jirga system , so much more efficient than Pakistani courts , will be weakened or erased .
Corruption , rife in Pakistan , will become endemic .
And the furious spirit of independence that has impelled Wazirs and Mehsuds to resist outsiders for centuries will recede .
For the most part , that would be a blessing .
Yet in that calmer future , when Pakistan 's current agonies are largely forgotten , many may hark back fondly to a world enlivened by such remarkable people .
the two girls here are very lame and tame versions of the main girls from girls with slingshots OR AT LEAST , i tired to make them look like them , without even looking at the site for reference .
i can't even remember their names , that is how lame I am and shitty too .
In separate recent announcements , three hosting suppliers - Liquid Web , 1&1 Internet and XCalibre - have entered the cloud computing market , a trend that underscores questions about the future of traditional Web hosting .
The providers launching new offerings say the strong interest in cloud computing is disrupting traditional hosting models and reshaping the competitive landscape .
But they also predict that many customers will stick with familiar legacy hosting models .
At HostingCon in August , Rackspace Cloud General Manager Emil Sayegh predicted that cloud computing will bring major change for the web hosting industry .
“ Over the next for five years , shared hosting as we know it will be made obsolete by the cloud , ” said Sayegh .
“ I firmly believe it .
What we need to think about is an environment in which cloud computing and dedicated servers coexist . ”
Variety of Hosting Clouds
Sayegh 's predictions appear to be already taking shape .
Web hosting firm Liquid Web recently launched its Storm on Demand infrastructure - as - a - service offering .
Liquid Web CEO and Founder Matthew Hill says Storm is comparable to Amazon 's EC2 " but more user - friendly .
Users can take a running server , resize it online and continue resizing as growth demands , " Hill says .
Customers are billed hourly .
Meanwhile , hosting industry behemoth 1&1 Internet has launched Dynamic Cloud Server , in which users can determine the basic settings of their cloud .
Users can select up to four virtual processors with between 1 and 15 GB of RAM , and between 100 and 800 GB of disk space .
Customers can also switch between Linux and Microsoft operating systems .
Coming to cloud computing with a different approach is Flexiant , a startup co-founded by Tony Lucas , who also established Web hosting company XCalibre Communications .
While at XCalibre , Lucas built Europe 's first public cloud called Flexiscale .
Late last year , XCalibre sold its hosting business to Webfusion to focus on cloud computing .
The cloud portion of XCalibre was transfered to Flexiant .
As well as maintaining the Flexiscale public cloud , Flexiant will develop software and services aimed at helping Web hosting , data center operations , and telcos to provide cloud computing services , said Alex Bligh , Flexiant CEO .
Cloud ' Cannibalization '
Perhaps it is inevitable that Web hosting companies are moving into the cloud .
Liquid Web 's
Hill acknowledged that its cloud service would " cannibalize huge portions of our business . "
But he adds : " We can't be too concerned .
If we did n't provide cloud computing , our competitors would . "
By 2011 , half of Liquid Web 's business will be from the cloud , Hill says .
All three providers agree that cloud computing extends their reach to new customers , such as organizations that want to put their enterprise applications in the cloud .
Some traditional Web hosting buyers would also enjoy the flexibility of being able to buy and configure extra capacity on demand to prepare for traffic peaks , such as the streaming of popular sports tournaments .
In the traditional Web hosting scenario , such streaming video providers would need to partner with a content distribution network , says Flexiant 's Bligh .
With cloud computing , they can buy extra compute resources ahead of time .
Cloud as Self - Managed Solution
" Liquid Web caters to users who require a high level of management , " Hill says .
" The cloud appeals to the unmanaged people .
We 're getting interest from Liquid Web customer that have eight to 10 dedicated servers .
Dedicated servers are fumbling pieces to handle .
The cloud gives you flexibility and hourly billing .
Backup and firewalls become simple for users to specify .
Customers just need to tell us how many and where .
In a Web hosting infrastructure , customers had to do it all themselves . "
Hill says there are a number of experiences that Web hosting suppliers could bring to the cloud .
" We 're used to controlling cost without sacrificing performance . "
Hosting companies have a lengthy history of managing large numbers of users , and have automated many facets of their operations , shifting many support and site management duties from the provider to the customer .
The vendors are diplomatic when it comes to whether cloud computing will supercede web hosting .
1&1 CEO Sizes up the Cloud
Cloud computing , shared Web hosting , and dedicated Web hosting are three different ways to manage Web solutions that each have their advantages and disadvantages , says CEO Oliver Mauss of 1&1 Internet , one of the world 's largest hosting companies with more than 10 million customer sites hosted on 70,000 servers .
" For many years to come there will continue to be a place for each of these services for several reasons , " said Mauss .
" Shared web hosting is most widely used for hosting web sites and has become more commoditized , so it will have some price advantages over cloud computing for smaller businesses .
Cloud computing on the other hand , can be used to host a broad range of IT services outside of just Web sites , everything from specific computing tasks to using the server for data storage and hosting online gaming networks .
" There are also many customers who will be traditional dedicated hosting users that have difficulty adapting mentally to the idea of using a cloud / virtualized dedicated hosting service . "
Mauss adds .
" Ultimately , cloud computing has almost all the advantages of dedicated hosting , but it has the ability to be more efficient for the hosting provider and more cost effective for the customer as they will often only pay for what they use . "
Owning the Cloud Customer
Although there are technologies that enable hosting providers to move into cloud computing , many have reservations , according to Bligh .
" The ability to move between clouds is n't something that hosting companies want . "
To counter fears , Bligh says Flexiant will enable their hosting - providers - turned - cloud - providers to continue offering lengthy contracts rather than per-minute billing so they can get a sense of owning the customer .
Flexiant will also offer these customers a range of management features to enable them to offer quality of service as a competitive differentiator .
I have found myself reading quite a bit about usability and web design recently .
While I have learned a lot about design I have also learned that there is a large portion of the design community which is not terribly familiar with how they can improve performance of the websites they are creating .
While a pixel perfect layout is a beautiful thing , no one wants to wait 20 seconds for it to load .
Since the web design community has taught me so much , I wanted to give back by writing this post on some simple techniques for improving site performance .
Welcome to Web Performance 101 , here is your first assignment :
The above is a waterfall chart which shows how long the pieces of a particular website take to load .
To be nice I 've blanked out the website URL's but I left the file extensions since they will come in handy later .
What this chart shows us is that initially the browser made a request for the index ( " / " ) page and 1342 ms later it had received all of HTML for that page .
One second in the browser makes a request for the first javascript file which takes 585 ms to load .
So on and so forth for about five seconds .
While there was more to the chart I cut it off for brevity .
Progressive Rendering
You probably have noticed that often times your browser starts drawing the website before the entire thing has loaded , this is called progressive rendering .
This is really nice because if done correctly it can make your website " feel " much faster for end users .
In order for the browser to start drawing the page it needs two things , the HTML and the CSS .
Until the HTML / CSS are downloaded your users are going to be staring at a blank white screen .
This is why it is really important to put CSS in the head of the document before javascript and images .
In the chart above there is a vertical green line at about 2.25 seconds , that is when the browser could start rendering the page .
Had the designer of the site put the CSS before those five javascript files the page could have started rendering at 1.5 seconds or even earlier .
Its such a simple an easy change , that there really is no reason not to .
Javascript : The Performance Killer
While every website is going to have a waterfall pattern the goal is to have a very steep waterfall .
The further the bars extend out to the right of the graph , the longer the site takes to load .
Hence , we want to shoot for a very steep and short waterfall which should translate into a fast site .
Unfortunately this chart looks more like stairs then a waterfall , the reason is javascript .
While it may not be obvious to you , browsers are pretty smart .
For example , when fetching the images on a website most browsers can download more than one at a time .
Older browsers ( IE7 , Firefox 2 ) usually download two items at a time and newer browsers ( IE8 , Firefox 3 ) download 6 or more at a time .
Notice how there is overlap between items 8 & 9 as well as 10 & 11 , those items were being downloaded in parallel .
Then notice how there is no overlap between items 2 - 7 .
This is because unlike images or CSS , javascript blocks the browser from downloading anything else .
While newer browsers tend to do a better job at this and download them parallel , most of the world is still running IE7 which is what was used to generate the above chart .
One way to improve this would be to take all the separate javascript files and combine them into a single larger file .
This will reduce a lot of the overhead incurred by download many files .
Note how most of the bar of the javascript file is actually green , that is " time to first byte . "
It is the time between when your browser say " Hey give me foo.js " and when it finally receives the first byte of that file .
You can barely even see the blue lines at the end which is the time spent downloading the actual data .
By combining those javascript files together you cut out most of the time spent waiting for the data to come back .
There are many tools online and available for download which will automatically concatenate the files together for you .
Zipping it Up
The easiest way to ensure that your site loads fast is to send less data .
Less data means less time required to download it which means better performance .
This is where data compression comes in .
Most big web servers provide the ability to compress the data it sends out into a much smaller format so that it can be transferred more quickly .
Then once it reaches the browser it is smart enough to know that it is compressed and it will uncompress it and read it just the same way it normally would .
The most popular compression algorithm used today is called GZIP , and it can often cut file size in half or even a third .
It is important to note that this compression is only effective on text data , so you want to gzip your HTML , CSS , and Javascript files .
You do n't want to gzip images since it usually eats up more server CPU then its worth .
The best thing about gzip is that it only requires a few extra lines in the server config file and then your done .
This website has a good guide for how to enable it for Apache .
As I mentioned above it is often a good idea to combine all of your javascript files into a single file , the same holds true for CSS .
So if you have your css split across many files , combine it into a single file so that it loads faster .
An extra bonus to this is that compression rates tend to get better as files get larger .
Thus while the amount of text is still the same you will probably end up transferring less data and skipping much of the time wasted waiting for the data to arrive .
That 's where we will stop for today .
Hopefully you learned a few things about web performance which you can apply to websites you are working on .
Keep in mind there are a lot more tips and tricks for improving performance , this is only the tip of the iceberg .
heic1001 — Science Release
Hubble finds most distant primeval galaxies
The NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope has broken the distance limit for galaxies and uncovered a primordial population of compact and ultra - blue galaxies that have never been seen before .
The data from the Hubble ’s new infrared camera , the Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) , on the Ultra Deep Field ( taken in August 2009 ) have been analysed by five international teams of astronomers .
Some of these early results are being presented by various team members on 6 January 2010 , at the 215th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Washington DC , USA .
The deeper Hubble looks into space , the farther back in time it looks , because light takes billions of years to cross the observable Universe .
This makes Hubble a powerful " time machine " that allows astronomers to see galaxies as they were 13 billion years ago , just 600 million to 800 million years after the Big Bang .
" With the rejuvenated Hubble and its new instruments , we are now entering unchartered territory that is ripe for new discoveries , " says Garth Illingworth of the University of California , Santa Cruz , leader of the survey team that was awarded the time to take the new WFC3 infrared data on the Hubble Ultra Deep Field ( imaged in visible light by the Advanced Camera for Surveys in 2004 ) .
" The deepest - ever near - infrared view of the Universe — the HUDF09 image — has now been combined with the deepest - ever optical image — the original HUDF ( taken in 2004 ) — to push back the frontiers of the searches for the first galaxies and to explore their nature , " Illingworth says .
Ross McLure of the Institute for Astronomy at Edinburgh University and his team detected 29 galaxy candidates , of which twelve lie beyond redshift 6.3 and four lie beyond redshift 7 ( where the redshifts correspond to 890 million years and 780 million years after the Big Bang respectively ) .
He notes that " the unique infrared sensitivity of Wide Field Camera 3 means that these are the best images yet for providing detailed information about the first galaxies as they formed in the early Universe " .
James Dunlop of the University of Edinburgh agrees .
" These galaxies could have roots stretching into an earlier population of stars .
There must be a substantial component of galaxies beyond Hubble 's detection limit . "
Three teams worked hard to find these new galaxies , announced in a burst of papers immediately after the data were released in September , and were soon joined by a fourth team , and later a fifth .
A total of 15 papers have been submitted to date by astronomers worldwide .
The existence of these newly found galaxies pushes back the time when galaxies began to form to before 500 - 600 million years after the Big Bang .
This is good news for astronomers building the much more powerful James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST ; planned for launch in 2014 ) , which will allow astronomers to study the detailed nature of primordial galaxies and discover many more even farther away .
There should be plenty for JWST to hunt for .
The deep observations also demonstrate the progressive buildup of galaxies and provide further support for the hierarchical model of galaxy assembly where small objects accrete mass , or merge , to form bigger objects over a smooth and steady , but still dramatic , process of collision and agglomeration , as these small building blocks fuse into the larger galaxies known today .
" These ancient galaxies are only one twentieth of the Milky Way 's diameter , " reports HUDF09 team member Pascal Oesch of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich .
" Yet they must be the seeds from which the great galaxies of today were formed , " adds HUDF09 team member Marcella Carollo of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology .
These newly found objects are crucial to understanding the evolutionary link between the birth of the first stars , the formation of the first galaxies and the sequence of evolutionary events that resulted in the assembly of our Milky Way and the other " mature " elliptical and majestic spiral galaxies in today 's Universe .
The HUDF09 team also combined the new Hubble data with observations from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope to estimate the ages and masses of these primordial galaxies .
" The masses are just 1 percent of those of the Milky Way , " explains team member Ivo Labbe of the Carnegie Institute of Washington , lead author of two papers on the data from the combined NASA Great Observatories .
He further noted that " to our surprise , the results show that these galaxies at 700 million years after the Big Bang must have started forming stars hundreds of millions of years earlier , pushing back the time of the earliest star formation in the Universe . "
The results are gleaned from the HUDF09 observations , which are deep enough at near - infrared wavelengths to reveal galaxies at redshifts from 7 to beyond redshift 8 . [ 1 ]
The clear detection of galaxies between redshifts 7 and 8.5 corresponds to lookback times of approximately 12.9 billion years to 13.1 billion years .
" This is about as far as we can go to do detailed science with the new HUDF09 image .
It shows just how much the James Webb Space Telescope is needed to unearth the secrets of the first galaxies , " says Illingworth .
The challenge is that spectroscopy is needed to provide definitive redshift values , but the objects are too faint for spectroscopic observations ( until JWST is launched ) , and the redshifts have to be inferred from the apparent colours of the galaxies .
The teams are finding that the number of galaxies per unit of volume of space drops off smoothly with increasing distance , and the HUDF09 team has also found that the galaxies become surprisingly blue intrinsically .
The ultra - blue galaxies are extreme examples of objects that appear so blue because they may be deficient in the heavier elements , and as a result , are quite free of the dust that reddens light through scattering .
A longstanding problem with these findings is that it still appears that these early galaxies did not emit enough radiation to " reionise " the early Universe by stripping electrons from the neutral hydrogen that cooled after the Big Bang .
This " reionisation " event occurred between about 400 million and 900 million years after the Big Bang , but astronomers still do n't know which light sources caused it to happen .
These newly discovered galaxies date from this important epoch in the evolution of the Universe .
Perhaps the density of very faint galaxies below the current detection limit is so high that there may be enough of them to support reionisation .
Or there was an earlier wave of galaxy formation that decayed and then was " rebooted " by a second wave of galaxy formation .
Or , possibly the early galaxies were extraordinarily efficient at reionising the Universe .
Due to these uncertainties it is not clear which type of object or evolutionary process did the " heavy lifting " by ionising the young Universe .
The calculations are inconclusive , and so galaxies may do more than currently expected , or astronomers may need to invoke other phenomena such as mini-quasars ( active supermassive black holes in the cores of galaxies ) — current estimates suggest that quasars are even less likely than galaxies to be the cause of reionisation .
This is an enigma that still challenges astronomers and the very best telescopes .
" We know the gas between galaxies in the Universe was ionised early in history , but the total light from these new galaxies may not be sufficient to achieve this . " said Andrew Bunker of the University of Oxford , a researcher on one of the European teams .
Hubble 's WFC3 infrared camera was able to make deep exposures to uncover new galaxies at roughly 40 times greater efficiency than its earlier infrared camera that was installed in 1997 .
The WFC3 brought new infrared technology to Hubble and accomplished in four days of observing what would have previously taken almost half a year for Hubble to complete .
Notes
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between ESA and NASA .
[ 1 ]
The redshift value is a measure of the stretching of the wavelength or “ reddening ” of starlight due to the expansion of space .
Image credit : NASA , ESA , G. Illingworth ( UCO / Lick Observatory and University of California , Santa Cruz ) and the HUDF09 Team
Links
NASA 's press release
More about Hubble
It 's staggering to me that this callow charlatan is supported by people who call themselves Christians .
There is no way for anyone who is not a monster to respond to the fathomless tragedy of Haiti by immediately using it to attack a political opponent , and implicitly to urge people not to donate ( " We've already donated to Haiti .
It ’s called the U.S. income tax . ” )
But you will find no criticism on the Christianist blogs , or any peep from the alleged " religious " right .
And given a chance to apologize and retract , Limbaugh simply dug in further , saying the following to a female caller who challenged his moral compass :
“ What I ’m illustrating here is that you ’re a blockhead .
What I ’m illustrating here is that you ’re a close - minded bigot who is ill - informed .
If you had listened to this program for a modicum of time , you would know it .
But instead , you ’re a blockhead .
Your mind is totally closed .
You have tampons in your ears .
Nothing is getting through other than the biased crap that you read . ”
The man who race - baits on a regular basis responds to a woman caller by telling her she has tampons in her ears .
Now remember that Limbaugh is one of the de facto leaders of Roger Ailes ' Republican party .
An enthusiastic supporter of torture and of the abuse and murder of innocent prisoners at Abu Ghraib , he is nonetheless worshiped by a theocon like Kathryn Jean Lopez .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
This is shown by samples of ancient DNA , analysed by an international team of research scientists under the leadership of Professor Eske Willerslev from Copenhagen University .
Analyses of ancient DNA thereby once again revoke results of more common methods of dating , such as carbon 14 analysis of bone and tooth remains from extinct animals .
These methods which had previously dated the extinction of mammoths and prehistoric horses in Central Asia to within 13 - 15,000 years ago .
But with the DNA - test methods of Eske Willerslev and his colleagues , this boundary has now moved between 2,600 and 5,600 years closer to our time and has thus revised our previous opinion of when the last mammoths and prehistoric horses grazed on the North American Plains .
The ancient DNA that formed the basis for this sensational result , was discovered by scientists in samples of soil from the permafrost tundra surrounding the windswept town of Stevens Village on the bank of the Yukon River in Central Alaska .
Professor Eske Willerslev says about his discovery :
" In principle , one can take a pinch of soil and uncover which living creatures , animals and plants lived in the area half a million years back in time .
With ancient DNA analysis , we are completely independent of skeletons , bones , teeth and other macro - fossil evidence from extinct animals .
This greatly increases the possibility of finding evidence of the existence of a species through time .
Whilst an animal leaves only a single corpse when it dies , it leaves quantities of DNA traces through urine and faeces whilst it is still alive .
It is these DNA traces which we find in the soil . "
When the remains of the last member of an extinct species were hard to find , Willerslev and a team of international research scientists decided to carry out an expedition to Central Alaska to solve the riddle of " The last surviving mammoths " using ancient - DNA tests from permafrost soil .
Surprisingly , the scientists found that the later samples with mammoth DNA could be dated back to between 10,500 and 7,500 years ago , and are therefore between 2,600 and 5,600 years after the supposed extinction of the mammoths from mainland Alaska .
Thus , the scientists found proof that mammoths had walked the earth several thousand years longer than previously believed ; presumably by lesser herds of these animals threatened with extinction , surviving in small , isolated enclaves , where living conditions were intact .
The findings breathe new life into the debate about why prehistoric animals , such as sabre - toothed tigers , giant sloths , woolly rhinos , and mammoths apparently suddenly disappeared from the face of the earth .
" Our findings show that the mammoth and the horse existed side by side with the first human immigrants in America for certainly 3,500 years and were therefore not wiped out by human beings or natural disasters within a few hundred years , as common theories otherwise argue .
The technique behind ancient - DNA analysis has the potential to greatly contribute to the debate about the extermination of prehistoric species , but can also be used to gather knowledge of contemporary animal species which are so shy that they are hard to detect .
Not to mention the forensic possibilities opened up by the technique , " Eske Willerslev points out .
The article on the last mammoths will be published on Monday , December 14th in the internationally recognised publication " Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA ( PNAS ) .
###
Professor Eske Willerslev can be contacted by telephone : 28751309 or by mail willerslev@bio.ku.dk
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Gordon Brown is to apologise for the UK's role in sending thousands of its children to former colonies in the 20th century , the BBC has learned .
Under the Child Migrants Programme - which ended just 40 years ago - poor children were sent to a " better life " in Australia , Canada and elsewhere .
But many were abused and ended up in institutions or as labourers on farms .
Officials are consulting survivors of the programme so that a statement can be made in the new year .
On Monday , Australia 's prime minister will apologise to the 7,000 UK migrants living there for the mistreatment .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He will deliver a national apology to the " Forgotten Australians " and recognise the mistreatment and ongoing suffering of some 500,000 people held in orphanages or children 's homes between 1930 and 1970 .
As they were compulsorily shipped out of Britain , many of the children were told - wrongly - their parents were dead , and that a more abundant life awaited them .
Many parents did not know their children , aged as young as three , had been sent to Australia .
Care agencies worked with the government to send disadvantaged children to a rosy future and supply what was deemed " good white stock " to a former colony .
HISTORY OF UK CHILD MIGRANTS UK the only country with a sustained history of child migration - over four centuries
In 1618 , 100 sent from London to Richmond , Virginia
In total 130,000 sent from the UK to Canada , New Zealand , South Africa , Zimbabwe ( formerly Rhodesia ) and Australia Post - war , 7,000 shipped to Australia and 1,300 to New Zealand , Rhodesia and Canada Source : Child Migrants Trust
Australia rues ' abuse of young ' Ordeal of Australia 's child migrants
Send us your comments
In many cases they were educated only for farm work , and suffered cruelty and hardship including physical , psychological and sexual abuse .
In a letter to the chairman of the health select committee this weekend , Mr Brown said " the time is now right " for the UK to apologise for the actions of previous governments .
" It is important that we take the time to listen to the voices of the survivors and victims of these misguided policies , " he wrote .
Kevin Barron , chairman of the select committee which looked into what happened , said he was " very pleased " to have received a written commitment from Mr Brown .
" After consultation with organisations directly involved with child migrants we are going to make an apology early in the new year , " he said .
Baroness Amos , Britain's high commissioner in Canberra , said an apology was an important part of addressing the damage .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
She told the BBC : " We 've always said that this was an absolutely shocking period in our history and it's important that there is an apology .
" The next stage will be consultation with the Child Migrants Trust and others on the actual form and wording of that apology . "
Trust founder Margaret Humphreys has travelled from the UK to Canberra for Mr Rudd 's apology .
She said : " The trust has campaigned for over 20 years for this kind and degree of recognition .
For child migrants , of course , it has been all their lives and for their families .
" This is a moment - a significant moment - in the history of child migration .
The recognition is vital if people are to recover . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Something north of a hundred and fifty thousand books were published in 2009 .
That number daunted me , so I got to thinking of a year , three centuries ago , when , in all of the British mainland colonies , only thirty - one books were printed ( if you discount a handful of broadsheets , proclamations , and volumes of laws ) .
The pickings are slim — and grim — but here are my Top Ten Books of 1709 :
Thomas Doolittle .
“ A Prospect of Eternity . ”
For its cheering message about the importance of “ weaning our hearts of this world . ”
“ An Appeal of Some of the Unlearned . ”
An anonymous response to a treatise called “ An Appeal to the Learned . ”
There were no book reviews in 1709 ( the book review was invented around 1750 ) and this exchange is as close as American letters gets , that year , to a back - and - forth .
It ’s not as cheeky as it sounds , though ; the debate was theological , and the unlearned demurred : “ we are not Contentious .
We only Enquire . ”
Cotton Mather .
“ The Cure for Sorrow . ”
Nine of the books printed in 1709 were written by Mather , a Boston minister , and two more by his father , Increase , who was , at the time , the president of Harvard College , which makes it hard to leave them off the list .
Their literary efforts account for more than a third of the year ’s books .
This one has got the best subtitle : “ An Essay Directing Persons under Sadness What Course to take , that they may be no more Sad . ”
Increase Mather .
“ Solemn Advice to Young Men Not to Walk in the Wayes of Their Heart and in Sight of Their Eyes ; but to remember the Day of Judgment . ”
The most popular book of 1709 , it was already in its second edition , and saw a third before the year was out .
John Fox .
“ The Door of Heaven Open and Shut . ”
Fox , a lesser Doolittle , in my view , was better known for his earlier treatise , “ Time and the End of Time , ” which his Boston printer hawked on the title page ( as in , “ Fox , author of the bestselling End of Time ! ” ) .
Cotton Mather .
“ The Golden Curb for the Mouth . ” A sermon against swearing : “ O Sottish and Monstrous Impiety ! ”
Bathsheba Bowers .
“ An Alarm Sounded to Prepare the Inhabitants of the World to Meet the Lord in the Way of His Judgments . ”
The only book that year written by a woman , it ’s twenty - two pages long , and Bowers spends a good three of them apologizing for having written it .
“ The Massachusetts Psalter . ”
A book of psalms , translated into Algonquian , and set into type by a Nipmuck Indian named James Printer , whose printer ’s fonts were , last year , discovered during an archaeological dig in Harvard Yard .
By Chris Rogers
BBC News , Romania
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A BBC investigation has uncovered appalling conditions and abuse in adult institutions in Romania , 20 years after the fall of Nicolai Ceausescu exposed conditions in the country 's orphanages .
As the care worker unlocked the door and pushed it open , a musty stench of body odour and urine filled the air .
There were 10 people crammed into the room , bed - bound on rotting mattresses and lying in their own faeces , some two to a bed .
Among the dirty , scarred faces peering above the duvets were the orphans whose plight roused the international community when Romanian orphanages opened their doors to Western journalists in 1990 .
Staff at the Recovery and Rehabilitation Centre in Carpenis had no idea how old the latest arrivals from a children 's orphanage were - they guessed 18 but they looked much younger .
The three boys cowered under their dirty duvets , escaping from the wrinkled faces of the disturbed men and women they shared a bed with .
The overthrow of Ceausescu shone a light on the plight of the orphans
One of the boys was desperately thin .
A worker explained that they did n't know anything about him .
He could n't talk and they suspected he has hepatitis , but they had no means of finding out for sure .
Another new arrival had deep cuts to her head .
Like others who have been institutionalised since birth , she exhibits self - harming behaviour , including violent rocking backwards and forwards .
She repeatedly banged her head against the wall , and wore a makeshift helmet to cushion the impact .
Notorious institutions
There were dozens of rooms , packed with 160 adults aged up to 80 .
It was difficult to tell the men and women apart , but they all shared a confined existence .
They are all unwanted human beings , abandoned by their impoverished parents at birth and neglected into adulthood by the state .
We came across several institutions where there were cases of human rights abuses
Georgiana Pascu , Romanian human rights campaigner
The Romanian government had promised it had dealt with its notorious institutions as part of its conditions for joining the European Union .
The only way we could witness the reality of conditions in adult institutions was to pose as charity workers , and secretly film our findings .
The Carpenis institution is just 32 km ( 20 miles ) from the capital Bucharest , the heartbeat of the country 's growing economy .
In the main squares , neon lights advertise the biggest Western brands ; shopping centres are bursting with families spending new money on Christmas gifts .
It is a measure of how far Romania has come since the fall of its dictator Nicolai Ceausescu who bankrupted the country .
But not everyone has seen change in the last 20 years .
In Bolintin , another village close to the capital , a lone nurse and six helpers take care of more than 100 patients - they are not sure exactly how many .
They were wrapped in blankets and thermal jackets to escape the freezing cold .
Signs of gangrene were evident at one institution in Bolintin
In a wooden cabin , separate from the main building , we found 15 severely disabled people slumped on uncomfortable chairs .
The nurse insisted they were at least 20 years old , but their tiny faces and bodies suggested they were much younger .
Unlike the able - bodied in the main building , they had nothing to escape the cold .
Their clothes were thin and tatty and their bare feet produced an odour of rotting flesh .
A closer look revealed signs of gangrene .
Low standards Georgiana Pascu of the Romanian human rights group the Centre for Legal Resources has visited nearly every one of Romania 's 150 adult institutions .
She says adults in state care face a long list of problems .
Nicolai Ceausescu was executed with his wife Elena on Christmas Day 1989 " There is overcrowding , lack of access to adequate medical treatment , lack of access to psychologists and social workers .
We came across several institutions where there were cases of human rights abuses during our visits this year .
With a little help , most of them could live in a community environment . "
But that help has never come .
Again , posing as charity workers , we witnessed some pitiful scenes at the Ganesti Social Medical Unit in eastern Romania .
Staff there told us that there was one carer to 40 residents , and that there were 160 people sharing 140 beds .
Most staff at the institutions we visited were caring and compassionate , but with ratios like this it is little wonder that standards are so low .
It was mid-afternoon , and we found most patients still in bed , many showing signs of heavy sedation .
One girl was restrained in her bed by her jumper which acted as a straitjacket .
We showed the findings of our investigation to Eric Rosenthal , who campaigns to protect the human rights of institutionalised people and is an adviser to the US government .
" I can not say I 'm surprised given Romania 's record , but I am horrified , " he said .
" My organisation Mental Disability Rights International documented this abuse in great detail .
We talked to government officials , and we brought it to the European Union .
They promised they would end these abuses and they have failed on that promise .
" These conditions are exactly what we saw five years ago , 10 years ago .
They did what they needed to do to get into the EU , but the abuses are still going on . "
Well - cared for Some institutions , however , have been turned around .
The orphanage in Cighid , north - west Romania , was one of the institutions that achieved notoriety in 1990 .
A young man from the orphanage in Cighid , an institution that has been turned around
At least 137 children died in the space of two years , most of them no older than three .
Foreign aid and the efforts of a new director , Dr Pavel Oarcea , who has now retired , led to many improvements .
Cighid - now an adult institution - was the only facility we got permission to visit as journalists .
Around 60 of the children have remained there into adulthood , and they appeared well - cared for .
They had musical instruments , crayons and colouring books .
But many have only ever known life in an institution .
The disabilities they were either born with or developed as a result of previous neglect in the orphanage meant they were always unlikely to be adopted .
Dr Oarcea defied orders by the local authority not to speak to us .
He told us the 15 years he spent in Cighid were the most rewarding of his life , but that he still has regrets .
" A disabled child who 's lived with a family his whole life does n't rock backwards and forwards .
What the Cighid children have missed out on is family life , the love that only a family can give , " he said .
" Twenty years ago I believed the Romanian government would have made much greater progress in protecting their unwanted children and adults . "
Since 1990 , Romania has received 100 m euros ( £ 89 m , $ 144 m ) from the EU to improve its institutions .
In response to our investigation , the Romanian government said the conditions we found were not representative of care in the country .
" The Romanian authorities continue the reform and the protection of the disabled with social risk by implementing proactive policies and good practices , " it said in a statement .
It added that two of the institutions we visited were scheduled for closure in the next three years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Aung San Suu Kyi has been detained for 14 of the past 20 years Burma 's military government may be planning to release pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi later this year , say reports from the country .
Burma 's home minister reportedly said Ms Suu Kyi would be freed when her current period of house arrest expires , which is scheduled for November .
Ms Suu Kyi's detention was extended last year , after a US man visited her house uninvited .
Critics say the junta intends to detain her until after elections this year .
Home Minister Maung
Oo is reported to have made the comments about Ms Suu Kyi at a provincial town meeting four days ago .
The BBC's South East Asia correspondent Rachel Harvey says it is a measure of how tightly information is controlled in Burma that it has taken this long for the reports to filter out .
Burmese officials have hinted many times that Aung San Suu Kyi may be released , our correspondent adds , but this is the first time in recent months that a putative date has been attached to the idea .
Aung San Suu Kyi's own lawyer told the BBC he had heard the rumour but could not confirm it .
Undermined Ms Suu Kyi's detention was extended by 18 months last August , over an incident in which an American man swam , uninvited , to her lakeside home .
Burma extended Ms Suu Kyi's arrest after an intruder visited her home
If she is released in November , key questions remain about the terms of her possible freedom .
Those include whether there would be conditions attached , whether her activities would be restricted and - crucially - whether the release would come before or after planned elections .
The Supreme Court is also due to deliver its verdict on a legal appeal against her current detention in the next couple of weeks .
But if the military government says she will continue to be detained until at least November , the court 's decision has already been somewhat undermined , says our correspondent .
Maung
Oo is also reported to have said the vice chairman of Ms Suu Kyi's political party , the National League for Democracy ( NLD ) , will be released in February .
Tin
Oo , 82 , has been in prison or under house arrest for more than a decade .
Analysts say if he is released , he could have a key role in deciding whether or not the NLD participates in the elections due later this year .
No date for the poll has yet been set .
But if Tin
Oo is released in February , and Aung San Suu Kyi remains in detention until November , it could indicate that the elections are pencilled in for a date sometime between the two , says our correspondent .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The following are excerpts from a compilation of videos of Jihadi children , produced by Ansar Al - Mujahideen .
The compilation , titled " The Next Generation of Mujahideen , " identifies the jihad groups to which the children belong , and shows them training , giving speeches , chanting , and praying .
The compilation was posted on the Internet in December 2009 .
The following report is offered as a complimentary sample from MEMRI 's Jihad and Terrorism Threat Monitor ( JTTM ) ; to subscribe to the JTTM , visit http://subscriptions.memri.org/content/en/member_registr_jttm.htm
or contact us at [ email protected ] .
To read future reports you must be a full member of the JTTM .
To view this clip on MEMRI TV , visit http://www.memri.org/legacy/clip/0/0/0/0/0/0/2311.
This clip is available upon request only to JTTM members .
Al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( Algeria )
Boy sitting in forest chants from a book .
On screen : " The Mujahid Mu'adh Son of the Martyr Abu Mu'adh
" A child born and raised in the mountains and never experienced city life "
Cut to : Footage of infant playing with a rifle ; Arabic singing in background .
Cut to : Scene of boys running with rifles in wooded area .
Same boys sitting ;
Boy : " From the mujahid , son of a mujahid , to all Muslims : I urge you to aid the mujahideen , and to defend the best among the Muslims .
We will regain our Caliphate , and vanquish the Crusaders , and their helpers from among the traitorous apostates . " [… ]
Islamic Jihad Union ( Uzbek )
Scene of boys undergoing military training in sandy terrain .
Arabic singing in background .
Cut to clip of boys talking .
On screen : " Islamic Jihad Union "
Cut to clip of boys being taught to box .
Arabic singing in background .
Cut to clip of boys being taught to wrestle .
Arabic chanting continues .
Cut to clip of boys firing rifles .
Boys march and shout .
Boy 1 , in Arabic : " Say ' Allah Akbar ' "
Group : " Allah Akbar . "
Boy 1 : " Say ' Allah Akbar "
Group : " Allah Akbar . "
Boy 1 : " Say ' Allah Akbar ' "
Group : " Allah Akbar . "
Boy 1 : " There is no god but Allah .
" Muhammad is the prophet of Allah .
Peace be upon him .
" What is our path ? "
Group : " Jihad .
Jihad . "
Boy 1 : " What is our way ? "
Group : " Combat . Combat . "
Arabic singing resumes .
Boys practice shooting with pistols and rifles , and throwing grenades .
Islamic Party of Turkestan ( Uyghur )
Arabic singing in background .
On screen : " Islamic Party of Turkestan . "
Boys armed with rifles and pistols march with flags in mountainous terrain .
Boys practice firing pistols , gymnastics , wrestling ,
Boys chant and pray .
Boy chants prayers against wall with rifles lined up against it .
Commander Khattab ( Chechen )
Commander Khattab holds and plays with infant .
Islamic State of Iraq
Masked boy : " Fight for the sake of Allah , bomb for the sake of Allah .
Mu'adh bin Jabal reported that the Prophet Muhammad said : 'A Muslim man who fights for the sake of Allah on top of a camel – Paradise is his . ' "
Cut to scene of masked boys with rifles in grassy terrain .
Cut to scene of a group of masked boys .
Subtitles in English here are in the original .
Boy : " We , in the Lion Cubs Training Course , pledge our allegiance to Abu Omar Al - Baghdadi , to hear and obey . "
Another boy fires pistol .
Boys shout and chant .
" Takbeer !
Allahu Akbar ( Allah is the Greatest ) ! "
Boy , face obscured , in Western clothing ( a man is coaching him offscreen ) : " O Allah !
Indeed I ask
You that you pardon me and keep me safe from harm , in my religion and worldly affairs , in my family and wealth .
O Allah !
Give us victory over our enemies until the Day of Judgement [ sic ] .
O Allah !
Give victory to the Mujahidoon in Iraq and in all other Islamic lands .
O You who is Most Merciful of those who show mercy .
O Allah !
Show mercy to them !
O Allah , protect them !
O
You who is Most Merciful of those who show mercy !
O Allah , protect them !
O Allah , give them victory forever , O Allah !
O Allah !
Give victory to the Islamic State of Iraq over their enemies , O Allah !
O Allah !
Give them victory over their enemies , O Allah , until the Day of Recompens [ sic ] O Allah !
Establish the noble Islamic State over all other banners , whether it be the ' Surrendered ( so - called ' Islamic ' )
Party , the Kurdistan Party , or any other .
Inshallah they will gain victory over the ' Surrendered ' Party and all other parties .
I give the greetings of Allah to you , and pray that Allah gives you victory always .
I give the greetings of Allah to you , and pray that Allah gives you victory always .
May Allah bless you …
As - Salamu alaykum . "
Cut to footage of crowd of men in outdoor basketball court .
Masked boys run in .
Suits of Western clothes , which appear to be police uniforms , are burned in effigy , and ISI flags are waved .
Crowd cheers .
Caption in English : " The Lion - cubs burning the Clothes of the Apostates
" Announcing their Rejection of the Infidels "
Arabic singing in background .
Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan
A group of boys sits indoors .
Boy , singing : " Here is the army 's trench , the heroes of combat .
Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are the brigades . "
Group , singing : " Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are the brigades . "
Boy : " The caller to Jihad has called out : Go forth , oh Mujahid .
Unsheathe your sword of death that fights thousands . "
Group : " Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades .
Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades . "
Boy : " The caller to Jihad has called out : Go forth , oh Mujahid .
Unsheathe your sword of death that fights thousands . "
Group : " Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades .
Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades .
Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades .
Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades . "
Boy : " He set out on his steed and fastened the bridle , engaging men in battle , and felling their skulls . "
Group : " Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades .
Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades .
Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades .
Oh sun of noble men , do not set on us , for we are brigades . "
Boy : " The hero went to the fight , and his blood flowed , his hands wrote letters on the sand . " [… ]
" Abu Zarqawi Al - Bahraini "
In the background is a still of Abu Mus'ab Al - Zarqawi
Little boy in silhouette , with gun ; in the background is a map of the world .
He seems to be being coached throughout his speech : " [ Praise be to Allah ]
Who lures the infidels to their destruction in His cunning , and prayer and peace on [ the Prophet Muhammad ] by whose sword Allah raised aloft the beacon of Islam .
My dear Islamic nation , what I have to say to you is no light matter .
Allah the Exalted said : in the revelation [ Quran 33:23 ] : " Among the believers are men who upheld the covenant they made with Allah .
Some of them have fulfilled their vow through death [ in battle ] , and some are still waiting ; but they have never altered in the least . '
" Al - Bukhari recorded a hadith in his compendium : Anas ibn Malik said : ' We believe that this verse was revealed regarding Anas ibn Nadhr ' [ who was killed at the battle of Uhud ] .
Among the believing men in our times who have fulfilled their vow through death [ in battle ] is the Emir of the slaughterers , the lion of the land of the two rivers , Abu Mus'ab Al - Zarqawi , may Allah have mercy on him , and accept him among the martyrs .
And among the believing men who are still waiting [ for martyrdom ] and have not altered in the least is the Sheikh of the mujahideen the lion of the monotheists , Osama bin Laden , may Allah preserve and protect him .
" We say to Allah 's enemies – the infidels , polytheists , and deserters : ' If you were delighted by the killing of Abu Mus'ab Al - Zarqawi – we are walking in his path , Allah willing , and we will not stand down from this decision , Allah willing , even if they saw us to pieces , or crucify us . '
Glory is to Allah , His Prophet , and the believers , but the hypocrites know not . "
Man shouts from background : " Allahu Akbar ! "
We 'll Meet Again
We 'll Meet Again DJ Strangelove
9:00 PM
Radio is only mostly dead , there 's a big difference between
Phoned it in
Recently by Ron Paul : Economy Flounders , Despite the Stimulus
Statement before the House Foreign Affairs Committee Hearing :  Yemen on the Brink : Implications for U.S. Policy  February 3 , 2010
Mr. Chairman , I am extremely concerned over current US policy toward Yemen , which I believe will backfire and leave the United States less safe and much poorer .
Increasing US involvement in Yemen may be sold as a fight against terrorism , but in fact it is more about expanding US government control and influence over this strategically - placed nation at the gateway to Asia .
The current administration , according to today ’s testimony of Assistant Secretary of State Jeffrey Feltman , has dramatically increased foreign aid to Yemen , from $ 17 million in FY 2008 to $ 40 million in FY 2009 , to $ 67 million for FY 2010 , to , according to the president ’s recent budget sent to Congress , $ 106 million for FY 2011 .
That represents an incredible six - fold increase in US aid to Yemen over just four years , at a time when the US economy continues to falter .
A Foreign Policy of Fr... Paul , Ron Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 8.85 ( as of 06:20 EST - Details )
When I look at the US assistance plan for Yemen I see that it is primarily focused on nation - building .
That is the failed idea that if the United States sends enough money to a foreign government , with which that government purchases US - manufactured weapons and hires US - based consultants and non-governmental organizations , that country will achieve a strong economy and political stability and in gratitude will become eternally friendly to the US and US interests .
I have yet to see a single successful example of this strategy .
According to Assistant Secretary Feltman ’s statement ,  Priorities for U.S. assistance include political and fiscal reforms and meaningful attention to legitimate internal grievances ; better governance through decentralization , reduced corruption and civil service reform ; human rights protections ; jobs - related training ; economic diversification to generate employment and enhance livelihoods , and strengthened natural resource management .
How can we believe that the US government can achieve abroad what we know it cannot effectively achieve at home ?
We are going to spend millions of dollars to help create jobs in Yemen as we continue to shed jobs in the United States ?
The Revolution : A Mani ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:00 EST - Details )
Yemen is a country mired in civil conflict .
The Shi’ites in the north , who make up a significant percentage of the country ’s total population and a majority in their region , have been fighting against what they see as the discriminatory policies of the Sunni - based government in the capitol , Sana ’a , for years .
Yemenis in the south , who up until 1990 were a separate country , likewise oppose the central government and threaten to escalate this opposition .
Added into this mix are elements of what are called al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) , some of whom are left over from the US - supported fight against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s , and others have been radicalized by their exposure to Wahhabi extremism in US - allied Saudi Arabia .
Still others in AQAP are veterans of the insurgency against US occupation of Iraq .
We cannot forget either those Yemenis who were held for years by the United States without charges at Guantanamo Bay .
How many of those were innocent of terrorist actions or intent but became radicalized under such conditions ?
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
Saudi Arabia ’s concern over the Shi’ite unrest in north Yemen has led to unsubstantiated claims of Iranian involvement in an attempt to draw the US into a regional problem that has nothing to do with the United States .
Saudi Arabia has struggled with unrest among its own Shi’ite population and is determined to prevent any spill - over .
There are some here in the US who repeat false claims of Iranian involvement in the hope of expanding the US military presence in the area .
Others in the United States irresponsibly call for a US pre-emptive war in Yemen .
We should be clear on this : expanded US involvement in Yemen plays into the hands of bin Laden and his organization as has been made clear on many occasions .
Luring the United States into a conflict in Yemen by falsely advertising it part of a war on terror will certainly radicalize the Yemeni population against the United States .
It will weaken our over - extended military and it will further destroy our economy .
Similarly , the US - backed central government in Sana ’a stands to gain by claiming its internal problems are part of a global crisis that requires US intervention .
The central Yemeni government has much to gain by making its battles and its problems our battles and our problems .
But that gain will come at the expense of US soldiers , US security , and the American economy .
I wonder how long it will be before the US establishes a permanent base on the strategic territory of Yemen ?
I hope , as we begin to debate the foreign affairs budget for next year , that we may yet change course from that of the last administration , where the failed policies of interventionism , militarism , and nation - building have left the United States in a diminished position in the world .
See the Ron Paul File
February 5 , 2010
The Best of Ron Paul
With over 350 million internet users , the government worries that any small cracks in its authority could quickly spiral out of control .
In the first six months of 2009 , an average of 221,000 Chinese a day started using the internet for the first time , or 153 new users a minute .
Mother of Nine Sues Massachusetts Hospital After Unauthorized Sterilization Tessa Savicki claims her tubes were tied without her consent after a C - section .
Jan. 5 , 2010  --
A Massachusetts mother with nine children who had asked a hospital for post - delivery birth control was sterilized instead without her consent , according to a lawsuit against the Springfield hospital and several doctors and nurses .
Tessa Savicki , 35 , claimed that doctors at Baystate Medical Center had agreed to insert an intrauterine device , or IUD , that she brought to the operating room , but instead performed a tubal ligation that effectively ended her chances of having more children .
" They 've done something .
They cannot correct this , " she told ABCNews.com .
" You think you 're safe at the hospital .
You 're not . "
Savicki's attorney , Dr. Max Borten of Waltham , Mass. , a licensed obstetrician - gynecologist who practiced for 30 years , said his client was devastated when she found out about the tubal ligation shortly after a December 2006 Cesarean section .
Awake with only spinal anesthesia , Saviciki " realized that when she was still on the table , " he said .
Savicki's children range in age from 3 to 21 and she is a grandmother of one with another grandchild on the way .
She had her first child , a boy , at age 13 after being raped , she told ABC News .
Getting back on her feet after a rough start -- two of her children are on welfare and she is unemployed -- Savicki said she 's working toward her GED .
Her three youngest children are with her fiance , Angel Tirado , who she said was hoping for one more baby .
Their youngest , Manuel , was recently diagnosed with autism .
" He was talking about trying for another boy , " she said .
She understands that she would not be able to adopt , given her financial situation .
Borten said the chances of Savicki being able to become pregnant again , even if an attempt to reverse the procedure was performed , would be slim .
" The issue here is a little broader and more involved than what people think , " Borten said , noting how sterilizations have been used throughout history to control populations deemed unsavory .
" The issue is , who has the right to permanently sterilize a woman ?
Or a man ? "
Savicki said she believes the doctors intentionally sterilized her without her consent .
" I honestly think they thought I had enough , " she said .
Jane Albert , a spokeswoman for Baystate Health , declined to comment on the lawsuit or Savicki's own medical care , citing federal privacy regulations .
But speaking in general terms , it is " absolutely not " normal procedure for a woman to carry her own IUD into the operating room , Albert said .
" It is not our practice for a patient , it is not our practice to insert an IUD into a woman who has just had a C - section , " Albert said .
Hospital Confirms No Consent Record Found for Mother 's Tubal Ligation
According to the complaint , filed Nov. 24 in Hampden Superior Court , Savicki had agreed prior to a scheduled Cesarean section that her doctors would implant the IUD into her uterus at the end of the procedure .
Instead , her tubes were tied after the birth of her ninth child .
It 's a procedure , according to the lawsuit , that requires written consent of the women 30 days prior if the patient 's medical expenses are covered by the state , as Savicki 's were .
Neither the consent form nor an accompanying " physician 's statement " to be filled out by the doctor were found in Savicki 's medical records .
Albert confirmed to ABCNews.com that she had seen a copy of a May 22 , 2009 , letter from the hospital to Savicki 's prior attorney confirming that no consent form for Savicki 's tubal ligation was found by the hospital .
Messages left with the practices of the doctors named in the suit -- Michael Plevyak , James Kuo Chang Wang and Roman Starikov -- were not immediately returned .
Savicki's lawyer agreed that it was " extremely unusual " to insert an IUD after a C - section .
He noted that Savicki had requested a similar procedure after the birth of her eighth child in 2005 , but was not given the device after doctors forgot to implant it .
Savicki said she checked into Baystate on the night before her C- section and was told there by a nurse that a doctor would have to call in an IUD to the hospital pharmacy and she'd have to take it with her for the procedure .
The IUD , she said , sat in her hospital room the night before and , " I carried that thing proudly " into the operating room .
The suit against Baystate is not the first reproductive claim Savicki has filed .
In 2001 , Borten confirmed , Savicki won a settlement against CVS and a spermicide company after she became pregnant using expired spermicide .
Borten , who was not her lawyer in the case , said that kind of lawsuit could have garnered seven figures , but Savicki won only about $ 20,000 and took home a little more than $ 1,000 .
He would not say how much in damages he would be seeking in Savicki 's lawsuit against Baystate , but the complaint alleges that she suffered " substantial pain and suffering and emotion distress , " as well as the physical injury of being sterilized .
Savicki said she hopes news of her lawsuit will spread and women and their doctors will be more careful about what happens with a woman 's reproductive health .
" They never even said sorry .
To this day I got no apology , " she said .
" I do n't want them to make that mistake with someone else . "
This may be one of the strangest stories in comics of the year– and potentially very sad .
Pennsylvania state police charged Frank Frazetta Jr. with theft , burglary and trespass after he and two other men used a backhoe to pull the door off the hinges of the Frank Frazetta Art Museum .
Police said once inside , Frazetta stole about 90 paintings and was loading them into a truck when he was caught by police .
The elder Frazetta is known for his work on characters including Conan the Barbarian , Tarzan and Vampirella .
He was in Florida at the time of the theft .
His son ’s motive stems from a family feud over assets .
Frank ’s wife and Alfonso ’s mother , Ellie , died earlier this year .
According to Frank Jr.’s wife , Lori Frazetta , Frank Jr. and Ellie ran the family business until Ellie ’s death , when the infighting over Frank Sr. ’s paintings began .
Frank Sr. is said to be suffering from dementia .
Frazetta Jr. was arraigned and sent to the Monroe County jail .
Bail was set at $ 500,000 .
Officials did n’t know whether he had a lawyer yet .
A trooper who responded said Frazetta claimed he had been instructed by his father “ to enter the museum by any means necessary to move all the paintings to a storage facility , ” according a police affidavit .
The elder Frazetta told police that his son did not have permission to enter the museum or to remove any artwork .
Frank Frazetta ’s attorney , Gerard Geiger , said the stolen paintings were insured for $ 20 million , according to court documents .
Here ’s the news story from WNEP :
Spread the word !
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
He ’s done it again .
Pat Robertson , the televangelist who anchors the 700 Club , has found a way to blame a massive disaster on its many victims .
Speaking Wednesday about the earthquake in Haiti that the country ’s president estimates has taken the lives of “ hundreds of thousands , ” Robertson implied that the quake , and the general suffering of the Western Hemisphere ’s poorest country , was the result of a “ pact with the devil ” that Haitian rebels made in the 18th century .
ADVERTISEMENT
Something happened a long time ago in Haiti , and people might not want to talk about it .
They were under the heel of the French .
You know , Napoleon the third , or whatever .
And they got together and swore a pact to the devil .
They said , we will serve you if you will get us free from the French .
True story .
And so , the devil said , okay it ’s a deal .
And they kicked the French out .
You know , the Haitians revolted and got themselves free .
But ever since they have been cursed by one thing after the other .
Desperately poor .
That island of Hispaniola is one island .
It is cut down the middle on the one side is Haiti the other is the Dominican Republic .
Dominican Republic is prosperous , healthy , full of resorts , etc. Haiti is in desperate poverty .
Same island .
They need to have and we meed to pray for them a great turning to god and out of this tragedy I ’m optimistic something good may come .
Robertson was apparently referring to a disputed historical event referred to as Bois Caiman .
In 1791 , the story goes , a group of anti-colonialists held a Voodoo ceremony at Bois Caiman , an event that Haitian historians describe as marking the start of the Haitian Revolution against French colonial rule .
But many historians dispute its importance to the revolution , and some argue the event never took place .
The notion that Haiti ’s problems are the result of a Voodoo pact with the devil has been the subject of some Christian conservative arguments .
Robertson appears to be making a hobby of issuing controversial pronouncements in the wake of tragedy .
In 2001 , shortly after the 9/11 attacks , Robertson , along with fellow evangelist Jerry Falwell , said the attacks were God ’s punishment on America for becoming a more secular society .
“ I really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminists and the gays and the lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle , the ACLU , People for the American Way , all of them who try to secularize America … I point the finger in their face and say you helped this happen , ” said Robertson , who later apologized for the remark .
ADVERTISEMENT
The idea that God punishes misbehavior with disaster has been a common one for Robertson .
In 1998 , as he criticized a privately - sponsored “ Gay Days ” event at Disney World , he said acceptance of homosexuality would lead to hurricanes , earthquakes , tornadoes , terrorist bombs and “ possibly a meteor . ”
In 2005 , Robertson told CNN that a recent spate of natural disasters , including the South Asian tsunami and Hurricane Katrina , were a sign that we “ might be ” witnessing the Biblically - prophetized “ End Times . ”
UPDATE : Michael B. Keegan , president of the liberal group People For the American Way , has issued a statement criticizing Robertson ’s comments on Haiti .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Pat Robertson ’s comments about the victims of this earthquake are reprehensible , ” Keegan said in a statement emailed to media .
“ Unfortunately , they fit right in with his history of mean spirited attacks accusing his opponents of causing natural disasters and terrorism .
To blame the victims of this disaster for what they ’ve been through is appalling .
Regrettably , Pat Robertson can’t be written off as an eccentric aberration of the right - wing — he ’s still a leading figure in the conservative movement . …
At a time when our attention should be focused on helping the victims of this disaster , Robertson ’s comments are beyond the pale . ”
The following video was broadcast on Christian Broadcasting Networks ’
The 700 Club , Wed. Jan. 13 , 2009 , and uploaded to the Web by MediaMatters .
Qom ( AsiaNews ) - A crowd of people in the holy city of Qom in Iran met yesterday evening to commemorate the fortieth day since the death Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri .
The demonstrators marched through Saheli shouting " Death to the dictator , death to Khamenei , God bless Montazeri , " the slogan that for months has also been heard on the streets of Tehran , where the Green Wave pushes ahead with protests against the regime .
There were no reports of clashes since this time repressive precautionary measures were taken .
Fearing that the event could become an occasion for mass protests , security forces in fact tried to limit arrivals in Qom in the days before the commemoration : witnesses tell of strict controls on the roads leading into the city with checkpoints and documents demanded of all the pilgrims .
But the enforcement was not restricted to the outside the city .
The regime increased the presence of its men in Qom beforehand , creating an atmosphere of terror and intimidation .
The officials of the Ministry of Intelligence and Security curtained off Montazeri 's house to prevent anyone from were also deployed on rooftops .
Montazeri ( see photo ) , who died at 87 years of age , was one of the most critical clerics of the Iranian regime , the former designated successor to Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini at the head of the Islamic Republic .
After the disputed elections last June , which confirmed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Montazeri aligned himself with the so - called ' green movement ' of protest , led by moderate candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi and reformist Mehdi Karrubi .
Commemoration ceremonies were held between Thursday and Friday , also in Montazeri 's hometown , Najaf - Abad .
Here too , under strict security measures .
How to write machines
( If you are coming from Zeilberger ’s opinions , the appropriate article is here )
Last weekend I was in Gothenburg at the incredibly inspiring Free Society conference FSCONS .
Of course I was talking about mathematics , specifically how to get people learning it through fun , rather than “ because it is useful ” .
My talk was called “ Street Maths ” ( click for slides ) .
In discussions with many including Smári McCarthy and Marcin Jacubowski the idea developed further and one result is this ( highly opinionated 😉 manifesto for literacy .
In 1964 Paulo Freire was arrested and exiled from Brazil for teaching peasants to read .
Both sides recognised the power of literacy , as a threat to oppression and a path towards a better life for individuals .
Today in the developed world we take it as an essential .
Those who cannot read are not merely marginalised but kept out of society .
Yet new skills are becoming necessary .
Our formal interactions are now almost more likely to be through a computer than a pen .
This change is sweeping through so fast that it can be hard to keep up .
We have all joked that the kids teach the adults how to use the latest device .
Lets give the education system its due .
The schools curriculum in the UK recognises that for Information and Computer technology ( ICT ) :
… creative and productive use of ICT an essential skill for life .
National Curriculum ( ICT ) Key Stage 3
How do they suggest we try to achieve this ?
The study of ICT should include :
use of a range of information , with different characteristics , structures and purposes , and evaluation of how it matches requirements and its fitness for purpose use of a variety of information sources , including large data sets , in a range of contexts use and review of the effectiveness of different ICT tools , including a range of software applications , in terms of meeting user needs and solving problems developing an understanding of the need to :
* employ safe working practices in order to minimise physical stress
* keep information secure
* manage information organisation , storage and access to secure content and enable efficient retrieval the impact of ICT on individuals , communities and society , including the social , economic , legal and ethical implications of access to , and use of , ICT .
National Curriculum ( ICT ) Key Stage 3
Think about these for a second as we consider the skill of literacy .
It has two parts .
Reading is of course important , but teaching people to read only allows one way communication .
We also teach to write .
We are taught to use written content , but also to create it .
Think about this as you again read the list above .
It only talks about learning to “ use ” ICT .
We need the skills to write and create as well as simply use .
Firstly , for some a bright idea will result in a new use for computers .
Just as for some the ability to write leads to a published book .
For others some simple creations will help their lives or those close by them , just as some write diaries .
Finally there are many who do not write much at all .
Yet learning to write writing still helps us develop our reading .
The same is true for technology , but it is even more essential .
Reading is a fixed skill .
A language develops too slowly for reading skills to need much change .
This is not the case with computers .
The skills to use a particular piece of software can change with a single upgrade , even when we are not forced to change to a more advanced competitor .
The usage skills therefore can easily go out of date .
The more fundamental skills teach not just the skills to create but the ability to learn ; to adapt to rapid changes .
So what skills are needed to create technology ?
Programming is obviously first .
There is , however , a lot more to technology than computers .
There are a vast number of ways that gadgets can be used , and will be used .
Should we leave people waiting for someone else to make something close enough to what they need ?
What about adding the basic skills to make things ?
Unlike literacy and use of computers these are not new skills .
They are in fact ancient .
Not a very long time ago if you wanted something you either had to make it yourself , or go to someone who could make it for you .
Then we had the industrial revolution .
The economy of scale .
We came to rely on factories .
This now goes so deep we hardly think of making something ourselves .
For truly mass items like a hammer or a car , we are probably right .
What about a more specialised device though , like say a tractor ?
Or a 3d printing machine ?
Here plans are freely available that require some skill , but not expertise , to build .
Including money for building time the product can be made for a fraction of the cost ( in many cases 1/10 or less ) .
Even better , with such open design comes a powerful new option .
Take the generic solution and adapt it to your own situation .
With time the design improves as individuals using it make refinements and add options .
To do this takes a certain mindset and some basic skills .
A literacy of making .
The natural response to this is that , on top of the skills , tools are required and those tools are themselves prohibitively expensive .
Though this is true right now , it is changing .
Movements such as FabLabs and Hacker spaces have the tools and make them available for free , or at a small cost .
Even better , the machines can be part of the change .
One of the machines above is a 3d printer , this is not just cheap to produce , it is capable of making itself .
The development of other machines has begun , with the ambitious goal of creating a RepLab a multipurpose factory that can create itself at a cost of less than $ 10000 .
Even commercially the machines only cost about $ 100000 .
Things are changing .
Fast .
The question is can we get the people in place with the creativity and skills to take full advantage of them ?
Madrid , Spain ( CNN ) --
The FBI used a photograph of a Spanish lawmaker as part of a digitally enhanced Osama bin Laden wanted poster , and the U.S. Embassy here has apologized to the angry politician , a spokesman said .
" That was not normal procedure .
It was completely unintentional and the FBI is looking into it to prevent it from happening again , " U.S. Embassy spokesman Will Ostick told CNN on Saturday .
Ostick said he called the leftist politician , Gaspar Llamazares , to " express regret " on behalf of the embassy after the lawmaker 's hair and forehead wrinkles , taken from a photo , were mixed into an FBI image showing the possible appearance of Bin Laden now .
The embassy received various calls from the Spanish government earlier Saturday expressing concern about the use of Llamazares 's features in the FBI 's depiction , Ostick said .
Spain 's Interior Minister Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba is meeting the new American ambassador to Madrid , Alan Solomont , on Monday , the ministry announced Sunday .
The ministry did not say what they would be talking about , but the meeting appears to have been scheduled at short notice and is taking place on a U.S. federal holiday when the embassy is not expected to be open .
The digitally enhanced images of Bin Laden appeared Friday on the U.S. government 's Rewards for Justice Web site .
One depicts how an aging Bin Laden might look now , wearing his usual turban .
But the other one , depicting him without the head covering , showed the hair and facial wrinkles that were taken from a photo of Llamazares .
That photo is no longer on the U.S. government 's Web site .
Ostick said he told Llamazares that the error occurred when an FBI " technician who put together the digitally enhanced image found an image ( of hairline and wrinkles ) that suited his purposes , and used it . "
Llamazares , an elected member of Spanish parliament from the small , Communist - led United Left coalition , said he wants to know which photo of him the FBI used , and he threatened possible legal action .
Spanish newspaper El Pais reported that the Llamazares photo was from his 2004 election campaign .
Llamazares told reporters that he hoped it was just a case of the " low level and incompetence " of the FBI in the fight against Al Qaeda .
He said he would not travel to the United States , for fear of problems at the border , CNN partner station CNN + reported .
Artist 's rendition of a brown dwarf and its moon orbiting a triple star system .
Image : NASA
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Two brown dwarf - sized objects orbiting a giant old star show that planets may assemble around stars more quickly and efficiently than anyone thought possible , according to an international team of astronomers .
" We have found two brown dwarf - sized masses around an ordinary star , which is very rare , " said Alex Wolszczan , Evan Pugh professor of astronomy and astrophysics , Penn State and lead scientist on the project .
The star , BD +20 2457 , is a K2 giant -- an old bloated star nearing the end of its life .
Seeing a pair of brown dwarfs around a K - type giant is a first for astronomers and offers a unique window into how they can be produced .
The researchers from the Torun Center for Astronomy , Poland and the Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds , Penn State report their findings in the current issue of the Astrophysical Journal .
Brown dwarfs are dim , elusive objects that straddle the dividing line between planets and stars .
They are too massive to be planets , but not massive enough to generate the fusion - powered energy of a star .
These stellar cousins represent a kind of " missing link " between planets and stars , but little is known about how they are made .
" If we find one brown dwarf , we are not sure where it came from , " Wolszczan explained .
" It could be either from the process of planet formation or it could be a direct product of star formation . "
Seeing two of them around a parent star means they must have originally formed from the enormous supply of raw materials that surrounded the star when it was young .
Astronomers call this thick , solar system - sized pancake of gas and dust the " circumstellar disk . "
" If that is the case , " he continued , " then if we add up the minimum masses of these two objects , we know the disk had to be extremely massive . "
To find these faint companions , the astronomers used the High Resolution Spectrograph on the Hobby - Eberly Telescope in west Texas to split up the light of BD + 20 2457 .
This technique is similar to the way a prism breaks light into a rainbow -- spectrum -- of colors .
They looked for shifts in color of certain features in the spectrum , called spectral lines , as the dwarfs moved around the star and caused the star to wobble back and forth from their gravitational tugs .
When the brown dwarfs ' gravitational influence causes BD +20 2457 to move towards Earth slightly , its spectral lines decrease in wavelength , becoming slightly bluer .
As it moves away , the wavelengths increase , becoming slightly redder .
By noting how quickly and strongly the spectral lines shift , astronomers can infer the objects ' masses , as well as the sizes and shapes of their orbits .
The scientists determined that the two companions are at least 21 and 13 times the mass of Jupiter .
Therefore , they are likely to exceed the minimum mass of a brown dwarf , 13 times the mass of Jupiter .
They are separated from their star by about 1.5 and 2 times the distance between the Earth and the sun and complete a " year " in 380 and 622 days , respectively .
What is even more unusual is the timescale involved in making these brown dwarfs .
Several million years ago , BD +20 2457 was on the " main sequence , " the stage in stellar evolution where the star produced light by burning its hydrogen fuel , much like our sun does now .
Except this star , three times the mass of the sun , was much hotter and more luminous .
" The intense radiation of this star would have heated up and evaporated anything that was still forming around it , " Wolszczan said .
" The fact that these dwarfs are still here means that they had to accumulate a lot of material very quickly and be fully formed by the time the star ' switched on . ' "
A star like BD +20 2457 takes about 10 million years to form and enter the main sequence .
As a rough estimate , in order keep up with their parent star , the dwarfs would have to accrue as much mass as the Earth 's moon every year .
" The lesson from this is that a combination of physical mechanisms may be responsible for making brown dwarfs , " Wolszsczan said .
" Instead of just growth by accretion ( the steady accumulation of material ) , the dwarfs ' own gravity may help them gather more mass and speed up their formation . "
Explore further Smashing young stars leave dwarfs in their wake
Apex Vibe applies very catchy verses along with smooth transitioning into their chorus and solos .
The difficulty in the verses is fairly simple while still raising the bar a bit with the transitions and solos .
This album is very well constructed but lacking in the track list given the fact that there are only four songs on the entire album .
From their perspective it is a decent idea to focus on making four very well written tracks rather than having a 10 or 15 track album and only have a few actually good songs .
However plans for a full album are in the works and production is set to start soon .
More info about the new full album will be updated as we receive it .
[ vodpod id=Video.2904108&w=425&h=350&fv= ]
NBC and Conan O’Brien have finally signed the deal making the host ’s split from the Tonight Show after this week official .
You can read the details here .
The question I want to ask this morning — and there are a lot of questions going forward from here — is : was shafting O’Brien on the Tonight Show the best thing NBC could have done for him ?
And did the network just spend $ 40 million - plus to develop a talent for another network ?
OK , those of you who do not appreciate looking at a video of The Masturbating Bear atop this post may not think O’Brien got shafted at all .
I do , and I ’ve written enough about that , but one thing I think we can agree on is that Conan ’s Tonight ratings were weak .
What if Conan existed in another universe , one where NBC did n’t screw up its primetime schedule and have to immediately move Jay Leno — to avoid a ( possibly bigger ) payout to Leno , to keep the affiliates from rebelling and to get a headache out of the way for its buyer Comcast ?
What if , in that universe , NBC gave Conan the three years or so that it gave Jay to turn around his own ratings when he took over Tonight from Johnny Carson ?
Conan might have turned it around .
Or he might have just puttered along .
He might have fallen into a groove — as he did after an awkward beginning at Late Night .
Or he might never have figured out how to get comfortable in the mass - market time slot .
And a couple years from now , he might have gotten axed anyway , without the argument that he did n’t get enough of a chance .
We ’ll never know .
What I do know is that in the last two weeks , Conan ’s been on fire .
Cast as the underdog , with nothing to lose , his comedy has been sharp and true to his identity , and he ’s been killing in the ratings , blowing away David Letterman in the 18 to 49 demo that ad rates are based on .
Now , obviously the ratings are the result of publicity .
Sort of .
It ’s unlikely he would have sustained this rise had NBC had a change of heart and kept him at Tonight .
On the other hand , Jay Leno has gotten just as much attention out of this fiasco , and his ratings have been mostly flat ; David Letterman has been making headlines by whaling on Leno with gusto , but he has n’t gotten a similar boost .
Temporary or not , in other words , NBC has just provided a massive new sampling , an underdog - hero image and a potential future following in a valuable demo group — to a guy they ’re paying millions to go somewhere else .
I do n’t know if Fox is going to offer Conan a show , but if they were interested two weeks ago , they have to be a hell of a lot more interested now .
Well played , NBC .
Coupled with the ratings is that Conan ’s Tonight Show has simply been better to watch .
He ’s always been better at absurd , off - the - wall humor than topical , off - the - headlines comedy .
The past two weeks , though , have shown how acute Conan ’s comedy can be when it ’s also about something .
This was also true of David Letterman : he started out as the guy who liked to drop objects off tall buildings , but he developed into a cutting , even impassioned , exposer of all things phony .
Conan ’s woes at NBC have given him a target and a focus , and I do n’t know when I expect to see a funnier late - night sketch than him dressing up the world ’s most expensive car like a mouse in order to waste $ 1.5 million of NBC ’s money .
NBC could argue that if that guy had been on stage for the last seven months , they would n’t be in this situation .
Maybe , maybe not .
In any case , they ’ve now put that guy on stage , doing an audition for a possible direct competitor .
( The one saving possibility for NBC in all this : Conan could well cut much more into Letterman ’s audience than he would into Leno’s . )
I do n’t honestly know what ’s next for Conan , but if he gets something valuable out of his ouster , it ’s not the eight - digit payout .
It ’s knowing how good he can be when he does work he believes in — and makes every show like he believes it could be his last .
A study published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences provides a comprehensive comparative functional anatomy study in human and monkey brains which reveals highly similar brain networks preserved across evolution .
An international collaboration co-led by scientists at NYU Langone Medical Center in New York City examined patterns of connectivity to show that the precuneus , long thought to be a single structure , is actually divided into four distinct functional regions .
These areas were identified using " resting state " functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( fMRI ) -- a recently emerging approach that allows scientist to map a multitude of brain networks using only 6 minutes of data acquired while an individual lies in the scanner at rest .
The results of these brief imaging sessions were comparable to definitive findings in monkeys examined microscopically .
Located in the posterior portion of the brain 's medial wall , the precuneus has traditionally received little attention in the neuroimaging and neuropsychological literatures .
However , recent functional neuroimaging studies have started to implicate the precuneus in a variety of high level cognitive functions , including episodic memory , self - related processing , and aspects of consciousness .
" The findings confirm that higher order association areas in the brain have complex functional architectures which appear to be preserved and or expanded during the evolutionary process , " said study co-leader , Michael P. Milham , MD , PhD , the associate director of the Phyllis Greene and Randolph Cowen Institute for Pediatric Neuroscience at the NYU Child Study Center and assistant professor of child and adolescent psychiatry at NYU Langone Medical Center .
" The fMRI approaches provide a powerful tool for translational science , making comparative studies of the brain 's functional neuroanatomy studies across species possible . "
Study co-authors also include F. Xavier Castellanos , MD , the Brooke and Daniel Neidich Professor of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at NYU Langone Medical Center , Michael Petrides , PhD , Professor of Psychology at the Montreal Neurological Institute at McGill University in Montreal , Canada and Daniel S. Margulies PhD from the Berlin School of Mind and Brain at Humboldt University in Berlin , Germany the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive Brain Sciences in Leipzig , Germany .
Other collaborators include scientists from the Department of Psychology at Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts , the Athinoula A. Martinos Center for Biomedical Imaging at Massachusetts General Hospital in Charlestown , Massachusetts , the Department of Psychiatry at Stanford University School of Medicine in Stanford , California , the Department of Radiology at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey in Newark , New Jersey , the Nathan Kline Institute for Psychiatric Research in Orangeburg , New York and the Montreal Neurological Institute at McGill University in Montreal , Canada .
The study was funded by the National Institute on Drug Abuse and the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda , Maryland .
First comes the phone call .
Then the hour - long van ride on the Mass .
Turnpike to the Boston airport .
After that , the six - and - a - half hour flight to San Francisco .
Finally , a second hourlong freeway ride to San Jose — often in another shared van .
Just another day on the Sharks ’ Worcester Shuttle .
But the players doing the shuttling insist their focus is n’t on the travel logistics .
“ It ’s out of my control , ” said Jamie McGinn , whose 20 appearances in the small agate type of the daily transactions leads all Sharks .
“ I just have to play hard and make sure I ’m doing the right things when I ’m here and in Worcester . ”
But there can be a mental toll in addition to the physical one .
“ When you get sent down , you ca n’t take it as a negative , ” defenseman Derek Joslin said .
“ You take it as a steppingstone and when you come back up , you play as hard as you can and try to contribute . ”
For Joslin , there ’s also the matter of adjusting to a different role in each league .
“ When I go down to Worcester , I ’m playing 25 - plus minutes a night .
I ’m on the first power play and first penalty kill and counted on offensively and defensively , ” he said .
“ Up here I get maybe 15 minutes a night , and I ’m depended on to play simple hockey — move the puck and defend .
“ You ’ve got two different roles on both teams , ” he added , “ but the systems are the same , so that makes it easy . ”
What about the fact their paychecks are significantly smaller when they ’re in the American Hockey League ?
“ I do n’t think that guys going up and down worry about that part of it , ” said Frazer McLaren , whose pro-rated salary drops by nearly a half million dollars when he is in the minors .
“ Obviously making extra money is nice , but most guys are focused on their play up here and staying up here . ”
Most of the players traveling back and forth have come up with a living arrangement that suits the situation .
While the team provides a hotel room in San Jose , several of them are renting a large house in Worcester that can accommodate however many happen to be there at the same time .
Defenseman Mike Moore keeps track of the finances with everybody sharing responsibilities for stocking the refrigerator .
Good thing he ’s a Princeton alum .
Very few people , including very few $ cientologists , know that the whole " Church " of Scientology is owned by another , much more secret " Church " , known as the " Church of Spiritual Technology " , which is run by former senior officials of the Internal Revenue Service .
To understand how weird and suspicious this is , you have to understand the truly mysterious relationship between $ cientology and the IRS .
The IRS aggressively pursued legal action against Co$ for decades , before VERY mysteriously caving in and giving Co$ an incredibly generous settlement in 1993 - a settlement which came right after Co$ Fuhrer David Miscavige walked into the office of the IRS Commissioner unannounced and held a private meeting with him .
Although we do n't know what happened , it appears Miscavige had some " serious dirt " on IRS Commissioner Fred T. Goldberg , or some other extraordinary leverage that persuaded Goldberg to give Scientology everything they ever wanted .
But it gets a LOT weirder .
See that gigantic weird symbol , just northwest of that large landing strip that , incidentally , does n't appear on any map or aviation chart ?
That 's the symbol of the " Church of Spiritual Technology " , and it marks ( for any of Xenu 's spaceships that might be flying by ) the location of the CST " Trementina Base " , which is one of the most secret facilities in the Scientology empire .
Want to hear something even a LOT more weird ?
Supposedly Co$ /CST built a large underground facility at Trementina , supposedly to house the archives of all of L Ron Hubbard 's writings , engraved on millions of stainless steel disks ( shades of Mormonism )
And in 1992 - RIGHT AFTER THE MYSTERIOUS MEETING between Miscavige and IRS Commissioner Goldberg and during the final negotiations for the agreement between Co$ and Scientology - the " Church " of Scientology TRADED THE PROPERTY WITH THE MULTI - MILLION - DOLLAR UNDERGROUND FACILITY TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT for another parcel , worth only $ 28,000 .
Co$ had paid $ 250,000 for the first parcel , even before they built the underground facility , although government documents said that both parcels were worth only $ 28 K .
Meanwhile Co$ still has access to a large underground facility at Trementina .
It is very unclear whether this is the original facility , or they built a new one after they traded the first parcel to the government .
Large underground facilities are EXTREMELY expensive to build , however , so I doubt they built a new one .
What 's going on here ???????
Did the government get a secret underground base in return for cutting Co$ the biggest tax break in history ?
What kind of underground base could have been worth that ?
Is the government " sharing " the land with an organization the IRS now calls a " religion " ?????????
How is that constitutional ?
This is an INCREDIBLY weird and mysterious story .
If anyone knows more , we would dearly love to hear about it .
UPDATE :
An anonymous commenter suggested that the land swap is related to the intelligence community 's research into remote viewing , i.e. , ESP .
He or she refers to a timeline , found here , that says the CIA / military remote - viewing - for - intelligence effort was based on Scientology .
Looking into this , it seems that some of the key figures in the now - well - documented effort ( called at different times " STARGATE " ( I 'm not making this up ! ! ) , " GRILL FLAME " , and " SCANATE " were in fact Scientologists - and in fact were OT VII 's , including the project 's director at the Stanford Research Institute , Dr. Hal Puthoff , and one of his most successful " viewers " , Ingo Swann .
Given that that all government agencies - and especially the intelligence and security organizations - were supposedly considered " suppressive " by Hubbard and their members were supposedly banned from Scientology , it 's hard to figure out how former NSA official Puthoff manged to get to OT VII if there was n't a secret agreement ( e.g. a conspiracy ) between Scientology and the Federal Government .
Did this apparent unrevealed conspiracy between Scientology and the goveernment to develop " remote viewing " have anything to do with the land swap at Trementina or the truly - mysterious tax settlement in 1992 ?
We can't prove anything one way or the other .
But whatever happened , we know Scientology retains access to the underground facility at Trementina , which is unquestionably now on Federal property , because it appeared on an episode of 20 /20 in 1998 about the preservation of Hubbard 's writings .
Just when you thought it could n't get any weirder ...
I too had gotten a call from DC , as did David Lutrin , about the election .
However , it was n't to ask me to run -- it was to ask me to drop out .
When I inquired why , they told me that they already had a good candidate ( Mahoney ) who had $ 2 million to put into his campaign .
They asked me how much I had .
Well , if I counted the $ 5 McDonalds coupon in my wallet , it came to exact $ 13 .
I was going to raise my funds by grassroots .
They scoffed that off , and told me they would not back me .
Fine !
However , as a person who has been a member of the Democratic Party longer than Mahoney 's seven weeks , I was still going to run -- with or without them .
I added that I was unaware that the elections were limited to only rich candidates .
Congress is already filled with rich , good old boys ...
And they 've gotten us to where we are today .
Perhaps its time to vote in the butcher , the baker and the candlestick maker ... and the teacher .
I turned to David Lutrin who was beaming at this point , and said , you people know that Mr. Lutrin and I are both teachers .
You know how we earn our money , and you know how much we make .
I do n't know what Internet finance is , but I know that mainstream America does n't have millions , and that these rich good old boys are so far detached from mainstream America that they have no idea how we live ...
The rich good old boys passed CAFTA to outsource our jobs to Central and South America .
They have us import our food from Mexico , why wo n't they let us import our medicines from Canada ?
… Because the rich good old boys run the pharmaceutical companies .
At least the DSCC has the decency not to keep hitting me up for money .
But I 'll forward my earlier email to them too .
The DCCC feigns support for the Democratic congressional candidates but that 's not what really happens , is it ?
Here 's my personal experience :
In 2006 I ran for US Congress in Florida # 16 as a Democrat .
David Lutrin , a good and decent family man and a true Democrat also ran for the same seat as a Democrat against me .
Mark Foley held the position -- but after I decided to run the Foley scandal came to light .
That 's when the DCCC got involved , when Foley vacated the seat .
When we went to meet with the DCCC in Washington DC , Rahm Emmanuel agreed to meet with us only if we did n't get " pushy . "
The DCCC Chairman asked me how I was going to raise funds for my election .
I told them it would be a grassroots campaign since I was just a school teacher .
He told me directly that the DCCC did n't believe in grassroots , would n't support a grassroots , and that I had to have $ 250,000 in my war chest before they would even consider me a candidate .
Although DFA was very supportive , apparently neither Lutrin nor I were viable candidates in the eye of the DCCC .
So Rahm , along with Nancy Pelosi told David and me to clear the field for their chosen candidate .
They said he was a millionaire and had $ 2 million to put in to the campaign .
I asked " if I have $ 3 million does that make me a better candidate ? "
They missed my sarcasm .
" Do you have $ 3 million ? "
My response was , " No , I just wanted to see how much you charge me to run for office . "
This guy , Tim Mahoney , was perfect in that he was rich .
In fact he was not a liberal or progressive ; he was not pro-union , he was anti-choice ...
HE WASN'T EVEN A DEMOCRAT !!
But Rahm and Nancy wined and dined this guy , convinced him to run and took him down to file his papers for candidacy .
But first , they asked him to make one small change ... they said he really should quit the GOP and join the Democratic party .
He joined that morning and filed that afternoon .
He was a " Blue Dog " ... nice name for Republican in Democrat 's clothing .
I assume you know the rest of the story .
How many ladies did he have sex with and get pregnant ?
That 's his family values ?
He voted with the Republicans .
He got thrown out of office .
His wife divorced him and cleaned out his millions ( good for her ! ) and the Republicans got the seat in Congress back in 2008 .
Good job , DCCC !!
I am now with a support group that mentors neophyte Congressional candidates and tries to raise money for them when the DCCC wo n't .
We want the butcher , the baker , and the candlestick maker in Congress .
You can keep the Mahoneys and the other bums .
Carol McLean
I did n't know Carol McLean when she was a congressional candidate in Mark Foley 's old district , FL - 16 , but I just did a search of her name here atand came up with one mention of a race that the DCCC ruthlessly cleared the field for their candidate , a Rahm Emanuel - recruited Republican sex predator , Tim Mahoney , who spent his entire one term in office voting with the GOP and then got caught in a sex scandal and was defeated in what turned out to be an otherwise major Democratic year .
Carol , from the Democratic wing of the Democratic Party , wrote eloquently about her experience as a Democratic candidate the DCCC deep - sixed in favor of the Republican predator .
She talked about how the DCCC had recruited Mahoney , still a wealthy -- and lame - brained , corrupt and stinking from shady business practices -- Republican to run for Foley 's seat ( at a time when Emanuel , who never reported it to the police , knew Foley was sexually preying on underage congressional pages ) .
But this post was meant to be about 2006 .
It 's about 2010 .
Yesterday I ran into Carol and we wound up exchanging horror stories about the DCCC .
Right now they are attempting to do to Doug Tudor just what they did to her and Dave Lutrin .
In 2006 the reactionary they pushed was Tim Mahoney .
This year it 's Lori Edwards , an evencandidate who bragged in a fundraising letter yesterday that " we have been designated a " Top Target " by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee !
She claims it was because of all the money she brought in , but that money was given to her by the Blue Dogs and at a fundraiser given by sleazy Florida Democrats Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Allen Boyd at a DC lobbyist firm .
Here 's an invitation ( in case you were n't invited ) : Today Carol shared with me an exchange of letters with DCCC Executive Director Jon Vogel .
Since I do n't have his permission , I wo n't publish his defensive letter to Carol .
But I do want to share her final letter to him ( with her permission , of course ) :
And here they are doing it in Florida again , this time trying to strong arm Doug Tudor 's allies and past supporters into endorsing their vile and reactionary Blue Dog .
We can't let them keep getting away with this kind of behavior .
I doubt anyone who reads this blog gives money to the DCCC or its equally reprehensible anti-grassroots sister organizations , the DSCC and the DNC .
But spread the word ; tell your friends and please consider donating to real deal progressives instead of Insider hacks .
Give to Dog Tudor and other non-DCCC candidates and Send the Democratic Party a Message It Can Understand
Labels : Blue Dogs , DCCC , Doug Tudor , reactionary Democrats , Tim Mahoney
This is the second ( and final ) part of my examination of the State monad and its variations .
If you are unfamiliar with the basic concepts surrounding the State monad , you may wish to read the first part before continuing .
Backtracking State
One of the features of the State monad worth looking at is how it implements a simple interpreter .
Our current interpreter lets us write any sort of procedural code we needed , though it might get rather unwieldy ( only one register and one memory location ) .
While interesting , its not especially useful .
Recall my claim that State is the basis of more interesting monads .
We are going to look at a modification to the code from state - m that lets us backtrack if the computation fails to the last choice point .
The paragraph above introduces the three new features we need to provide :
A way to define choice points
A way to define computation failure
A mechanism to handle backtracking .
The two former points happily coincide with the interface for monad plus monads .
Specifically the function m- zero will represent our failure mode , and m- plus will represent choice points .
The last case ( backtracking ) will be implemented in m-bind and m-plus .
Before we go any further , here is an implementation I have cooked up based on the previously defined state - m1 monad .
( use ' clojure.contrib.monads ) ( defmonad backtrack - state [ m - result ( fn [ value ] ( fn [ state ] [ value state ] ) ) m-bind ( fn [ computation func ] ( fn [ state ] ( when - let [ [ value new - state ] ( computation state ) ] ( ( func value ) new - state ) ) ) ) m-zero ( fn [ new - state ] nil ) m-plus ( fn [ left right ] ( fn [ state ] ( if - let [ result ( left state ) ] result ( right state ) ) ) ) ] )
Note that m-plus is a function that returns a function with the same type as m-bind and m-result .
However , m- zero is strictly a value , which happens to be a function that always returns nil .
m - zero is our first hint at how this backtrack - state is constructed .
A failure is nil , a successful computation returns the familiar [ value state ] pair from the regular state -m .
A small change has been made to m-bind .
In particular , where state - m1 would just use a let to destructure the result of ( computation state ) , backtrack - state uses when - let .
This form fuses when and let so that when the let s binding - form 's source is also the test for when .
If the test returns a truthy value ( in our case not nil ) then the body of the form is evaluated and returned .
Otherwise nil is returned .
An alternative formulation is presented here for clarity
( when ( computation state ) ( let [ [ value new - state ] ( computation state ) ] ( ( func value ) new - state ) ) )
This means that if ' computation ' fails the result will be failure without having to evaluate ' func ' .
The remaining logic is in m-plus .
This function takes two arguments , both potential computations to perform , and returns a state consuming function .
if - let is a cousin to when - let , and provides a failure branch rather than just returning nil .
Lastly , the implementations of get - state and put -state are identical to the versions from state - m1
To illustrate the expressive power of this new monad we have written , we are going to look at a small library built on top of it .
There are two parts to this , first is a basic set of parser tools , and then there is the specific parser we are going to write .
At the end we will have a little parser that will take a string representing a number and return a pair of either :int or : float depending if there is a decimal component .
If anything else is found , it will fail returning only nil .
So , the parser library :
( with - monad backtrack - state ( defn run-parser " run-parser takes a top level parser and a string or seq'able to run the parser on " [ parser input ] ( parser ( lazy - seq input ) ) ) ;; primatives ( defn get - one [ ]
" Gets the next item from the input and returns it " ( domonad [ input ( get - state ) _ ( put - state ( rest input ) ) ] ( first input ) ) ) ( def eof ( domonad [ remaining ( get - state ) : when (= ( count remaining ) 0 ) ] nil ) ) ;; simple parsers ;; ;;
These parser 's are built on top of the primatives above ( defn one - satisfying [ p ]
" This is the most basic matching parser .
It tests the next item in the sequence against the predicate provided .
If true , then it is returned , otherwise fails . " ( domonad [ one ( get - one ) : when ( p one ) ] one ) ) ( defn one - of [ any - of ] " Matches any one item in the provided collection or string " ( one - satisfying ( set any - of ) ) ) ( defn not - one - of [ none - of ] " Matches any one item not in the provided collection or string " ( let [ none - of ( set none - of ) ] ( one - satisfying #( not ( none - of % ) ) ) ) ) ;; combinators ;; ;;
These parsers combine other parsers into new parsers ( defn choice [ & parsers ]
" Choice takes one or more parsers ( in order ) and returns a new parser that tries each one in turn until one matches .
If all fail , then choice fails " ( reduce m- plus parsers ) ) ( defn many [ p ]
" Many matches the same parser 0 or more times until it it fails , then it returns a sequence of the match results " ( choice ( domonad [r p rs ( many p ) ] ( cons r rs ) ) ( m- result '( ) ) ) ) ( defn many 1 [ p ]
" Many1 is like many , but must match at least 1 item " ( domonad [r p rs ( many p ) ] ( cons r rs ) ) ) ( defn optional " This parser matches 0 or 1 of some parser .
Optionally may take a default result " ( [ p ] ( optional p nil ) ) ( [ p default ] ( choice p ( m- result default ) ) ) ) )
If you have never used a parser combinator library before , this might seem a bit strange .
Possibly the most surprising thing initially is that there is no lexical analysis step .
Next , you have infinite lookahead .
If parsing fails , we just fail back too the last m- plus point .
Lastly , we build parsers by combining simpler parsers programmatically .
The toolkit provides the simplest parsers and the basic parser combinators ( parsers that are built by combining other parsers ) .
To put two parsers into sequence , we can just use m-bind .
This means we can leverage monad comprehensions ( i.e. the domonad form ) to specify that one parser .
Looking at the functions in this little library you could come to the conclusion that its effectively a regular expression engine written verbosely .
Certainly we have all the same primitives ( one - of , many , many1 , optional ) .
The difference is that we have the full power of the host language ( in this case Clojure ) to call one .
We 'll come back to this later with a small hypothetical parser .
This library also has one very nice feature : it is completely data agnostic , nowhere in it does it care if its processing a string of characters , a vector of ints or anything else .
As long as it can be converted into a sequence , and the items in that sequence are comparable it 's good .
One last note about this particular implementation .
Besides being tied to our backtracking - state monad it also suffers from a very flawed implementation of many .
In particular , our implementation is elegant but relies on recursion .
Remember that domonad will transform our code into a heavily nested set of function calls , and you can see that this fundamental combinator would quickly cause our whole parser to blow stack .
So with this basic set of tools in hand , lets look at the specific parser implementation :
( with - monad backtrack - state ( def parse - digit ( one - of " 0123456789 " ) ) ( def parse - digits ( many1 parse - digit ) ) ( def parse - sign ( one - of " + - " ) ) ( def parse - dot ( one - of " . " ) ) ( def parse - integer ( domonad [ digits parse - digits ] [ : int digits ] ) ) ( def parse - float ( domonad [ whole - digits parse - digits _ parse - dot decimal - digits parse - digits ] [ : float ( concat whole - digits " . " decimal - digits ) ] ) ) ( def parse - number ( domonad [ sign ( optional parse - sign " + " ) [ type digits ] ( choice ( domonad [ int parse - integer _ eof ] int ) ( domonad [ float parse - float _ eof ] float ) ) ] [ type ( apply str ( cons sign digits ) ) ] ) ) )
This parser is very simple .
It only has 2 backtracking points ; the optional for parse - sign and the choice for digits .
Both of these backtracking points only use m-plus indirectly , and you might have noticed that get - state and put - state are never needed outside the primitive get - one .
To run this parser , we 'll pass it and an input into run-parser :
( map #( run- parser parse - number % ) [ " 123 " " " " 123.123 " " 0 " " 0.0 " " - 1 " " 1 2 " ] ) ;; => ( [ [ :int " +123 " ] ( ) ] nil [ [ : float " +123.123 " ] ( ) ] [ [ :int " +0 " ] ( ) ] [ [ : float " +0.0 " ] ( ) ] [ [ :int " - 1 " ] ( ) ] nil )
You can see that each string we have parsed has returned a pair or nil .
nil indicates a failure ( no match ) , the pair is the complete parsed result containing the result of the parser and the remaining tokens to parse .
Because we specified an eof in our parse - number parser we never have any remaining input .
Just as an illustration of how this style of parser is so expressive , here is a hypothetical that parses an xml element :
( with - monad backtracking - state ( defn open - tag [ ] ( domonad [ _ ( one - of " " ) ] [ name attrs ] ) ) ( defn xml- element [ ] ( domonad [ [ name attrs ] ( open- tag ) children ( many xml - node ) _ ( close - tag name ) ] [ : element name attrs children ] ) ) )
Obviously , this is a very simplified ideal of xml , but you can see how leveraging the host language allows us to provide recursive parsers ( xml - node will eventually try xml- element again ) , and pass information through ( e.g. name from open - tag is passed to close - tag ) .
Nondeterministic State
After backtrack - state the step to nondeterministic - state is very small .
Conceptually , we want to evaluate the computation for ever possible choice we encounter .
Once again we will use monad plus to define choice points and failure .
Unlike backtrack - state we will need to change the type of data returned by the state machine from a single value ( a pair or nil ) to a collection of value - state pairs .
The choice of collection proves interesting .
There are two obvious candidates : vector and set .
The difference is small but significant .
A vector will result in every result including any duplicates .
This will be useful if you are searching for the total possible solutions .
However if you only care for every unique result then the set makes more sense as it will reduce the total computation in the case of repetition .
We will come back to this decision in the last section ( Transformations ) .
Heres the code for a set based nondetermistic - state monad .
( use ' clojure.contrib.monads ) ( use ' clojure.set ) ( defmonad nondeterministic - state [ m - result ( fn [ value ] ( fn [ state ] # {[ value state ] } ) ) m-bind ( fn [ computation func ] ( fn [ state ] ( let [ results ( computation state ) result - sets ( map ( fn [ [ value new - state ] ] ( ( func value ) new - state ) ) results ) ] ( apply union result - sets ) ) ) ) m-zero ( fn [ new - state ] # {} ) m-plus ( fn [ left right ] ( fn [ state ] ( union ( left state ) ( right state ) ) ) ) ] ) ( defn nd - get - state [ ] ( fn [ state ] # {[ state state ] } ) ) ( defn nd - put - state [ state ] ( fn [ _ ] # {[ nil state ] } ) )
The changes here are all fairly straight forward .
Places we added logic for backtracking now find the union of sets , and m- zero returns a empty set rather than nil .
The final change is that we have to use a new version of get - state and put - state that handles the set wrapper .
A simple example of this monad in action is the quadratic formula ; square root fails for negative numbers , and returns both positive and negative values for any positive number .
The follow implementation is a little rough but demonstrates the concept :
( defn sqrt [ v ] ( with - monad nondeterministic - state ( if (> v 0 ) ( m - plus ( m- result ( Math / sqrt v ) ) ( m-result (* - 1 ( Math / sqrt v ) ) ) ) m- zero ) ) ) ( defn quadratic [ a b c ] ( ( domonad nondeterministic - state [ roots ( sqrt (- (* b b ) (* 4 a c ) ) ) ] (/ (+ (- b ) roots ) (* 2 a ) ) ) nil ) )
Here it is in action with some sample inputs :
( quadratic 1 20 4 ) ; => #{[ -0.20204102886728847 nil ] [ - 19.79795897113271 nil ] } ( quadratic 1 2 4 ) ; => #{}
Transformations
We have looked at three variations of the State concept .
Recall that I mentioned there is a relationship between the simple monads : Identity , Maybe and Set .
The type signatures for the Haskell equivalents make this particularly clear
newtype State s a = State { runState :: ( s -> ( a , s ) ) } newtype BTState s a = BTState { runBRState :: ( s -> Maybe ( a , s ) ) } newtype NDState s a = NDState { runNDState :: ( s -> [ ( a , s ) ] ) } --
Note the use of list / seq instead of set , but provides similar behaviour
Since we started with state - m1 as our base , it is fairly obvious that this is going to relate to the Identity monad .
backtracking - state relates to the Maybe monad , and nondeterminstic - state relates to the Set monad , alternatively it is possible to implement a nondetermistic - state on top of a Sequence / List monad .
This idea that one monad can wrap another is interesting .
Without going into too much detail , it is possible to write a function that takes a monad type as its argument ( the inner monad ) , and wraps it up in another monad that has been written in terms of the standard monadic operations .
This idea is know as a monad transformer .
The transformer is the function that transforms ( or decorates ) the inner monad .
The Clojure monad library provides a macro for defining transforms called ( unsurprisingly ) monad - transformer .
We can shortcut all the hard work above with a couple of one liners !
( def backtrack - m ( state - t maybe - m ) ) ; you might also see this called parser -m ( def nondeterministic -m ( state - t set - m ) )
You could also choose to use sequence - m in place of set -m for the nondeterministic -m .
It is important to realise that the order of the wrapping makes a significant difference with regard to the semantics of the generated Monad .
The specific implementation details of creating a transformer are left to the reader to explore if they are interested .
Jim Duey 's second monad 's tutorial covers transformers in more detail .
Personally I think this is one area where Clojure 's monad support is superior to Haskell 's as we do n't have to appease such a strict type system .
This also makes Haskell based Monad Transformer tutorials a lot more complex .
Wrapping up
We have now looked at three related monads in some detail , seen how they can be used to write some amazingly expressive code , and encountered the tools to make these sorts of operations much easier to wield .
The parser library provided here has an elegant interface but has a very naïve implementation .
Recursion will cause problems with the implementation of many , and the astute reader will have noticed that the design causes it to hold onto the head of the input sequence .
To convert it from a generic backtracking monad to a specialized parser monad is an interesting project well worth exploring .
Another exercise would be implementing a non-determistic monad without a state component .
Finally , a big thanks to Matt and Steven for their help proof reading these posts .
See Also
In an interview released earlier today , Microsoft ’s President of Entertainment & Devices Division Robbie Bach revealed that the motion - control camera Project Natal will be available during the holiday season later this year .
Furthermore , he went on to reveal a new addition to the Xbox Live Arcade , known as the Game Room .
In line with the original concept for which the Xbox Live Arcade was designed , Game Room will allow players to use their Avatars to navigate an online environment , somewhat similar in concept to the Home software available on the Playstation 3 , in which they can play classic arcade games .
Bach stated that “ [ t ] here ’s a generation of people [ … ] who grew up with a set of games like Centipede . [ … ]
Game Room is the idea of bringing that back to the market , and bringing that to a very broad audience . ”
The Game Room will be available for both the Xbox 360 and PC and is being developed by Krome Studios .
The Game Room will allow players to purchase games for prices ranging between 240 and 400 Microsoft , which equals roughly $ 3 to $ 5 .
Players will also be able to play a one - off game for 40 points , roughly 50 cents .
Games purchased on the Xbox 360 version of the Game Room will also be playable on the PC , and vice versa .
A trailer for the service can be found after the jump .
In case the video is not available , it can also be found here .
We 've long been fans of using user scripts to change the way the web works , but since Greasemonkey only runs on Firefox , Opera users are usually left out in the cold .
Advertisement
The Kabatology blog explains that even Opera users can use scripts designed only for Greasemonkey , by adding the Emulate GM Functions user script that provides the missing functions used by most of the popular user scripts .
The process is fairly simple , starting with heading into the Advanced -> Content ->
Javascript Options section of the preferences and assigning a folder to hold your user scripts .
Once you 've created the folder , add the Emulate GM Functions user script to it , and then start downloading some of your favorite scripts and saving them into your new user scripts folder .
Advertisement
You might not be able to use every single Greasemonkey script under Opera , but it 's a great addition to the impressive - but - less - popular browser , and should work on any platform that Opera runs under .
If you are n't sure what user scripts to use , make sure to check out our top 10 Greasemonkey scripts for 2009 .
Adapting Greasemonkey UserScripts for Opera 10 Browser [ Kabatology ]
WASHINGTON  On a September morning in 2002 , the police monitoring protests at the I.M.F. / World Bank meetings descended on Pershing Park here and arrested , hogtied and confined for hours hundreds of peaceful protesters , innocent bystanders and other people on their way to work .
Those actions led to federal lawsuits that have already cost the city more than a million dollars in legal fees and settlements .
They also elicited a sharp reprimand this summer from a federal judge handling one of the cases after it was revealed that city officials lost , destroyed or possibly doctored records relating to the arrests .
In hopes of drawing the matter to a close , city officials last week released an investigative report about the missing documents .
But the report , which was produced by Stanley Sporkin , a retired federal judge , called for a further inquiry and raised more questions than it answered .
Charged with explaining the mysterious gaps in audiotapes from the period surrounding the arrests , Judge Sporkin had also sought to investigate the disappearance of the “ running résumé , ” a detailed log of police activity from the day of the arrests .
Executives at Microsoft are fond of saying that its subscription gaming service , Xbox Live , should be thought of as a cable channel .
They want Xbox to be seen not merely as a gaming machine for teenagers , but as a media portal for parents and grandparents , too .
The company is even producing shows for users : it is in the middle of the second season of “ 1 vs. 100 , ” an interactive version of a game show that was on NBC .
The content ambitions do not end there .
Microsoft has held in - depth talks with the Walt Disney Company about a programming deal with ESPN , according to people close to the talks , who requested anonymity because the talks were intended to be private .
For a per-subscriber fee , ESPN could provide live streams of sporting events , similar to the ones available through ESPN 360 , a service that is available from some high - speed Internet providers .
Microsoft could also create some interactive games in association with ESPN , the people said .
One of the people said the deal was not imminent .
The companies declined to comment .
It seems one high - pitched " American Idol " favorite is not who she appears to be -- at least when it comes to her accent -- because Nicci Nix has been on all sorts of reality shows before ... with a completely different voice .
Play video content
Nix -- who impressed the " A.I. " judges with her helium sounding , Italian accented voice -- has appeared on at least 4 other reality shows before she got to " Idol , " including " Fear Factor , " " Next , " " Making the Band " and " Date My Mom . "
Play video content
When Nix appeared on " Fear Factor , " not only did she go by another name ( Nicci Palmeri ) , but she claimed to be from California and talked without the slightest hint of an Italian accent .
The accent was also MIA when she appeared on " Making the Band " ... plus her voice sounded deeper back then too .
But now , Nix's " accent " has helped her through to the Hollywood round on " Idol " -- wonder what she 'll sound like when she gets there .
Experience and & dedication when you need it most .
Law Office of Price & Wiggins
In seconds , your life can change forever with the flashing of red and blue lights .
Even a misdemeanor conviction can impact your life in a variety of unexpected ways .
With the widespread use of background checks by employers and housing managers , it 's important to do everything possible to avoid this unfortunate outcome .
Remember that you are not alone .
An experienced criminal defense attorney who understands the tactics necessary to defend your rights and pursue a positive outcome can be a strong ally as you fight these charges .
With over two decades of experience practicing criminal law in Texas , Michael J. Price has represented numerous men , women , and youth throughout the state .
They have a deep understanding of what defendants may face against the prosecution , which can be invaluable in building a strong defense strategy .
Regardless of the charges you face , Law Office of Price & Wiggins , P.C. uses proactive defense strategies , attention - to - detail , and knowledge of the Texas criminal justice system to vigorously defend your future .
When facing criminal charges you are fighting for your freedom , your livelihood , and your reputation .
You should not leave your defense to chance when the stakes are so high .
Contact Law Office of Price & Wiggins , P.C. today to learn more about the implications of the charges against you and how to best combat them .
Call ( 512 ) 354-1880 or contact us online to discuss your case during a free , comprehensive initial consultation .
Eight men , one of them a police officer , have been charged over an alleged exorcism performed at a Lutheran youth camp at Tanunda in South Australia 's Barossa Valley last April .
Senior Constable Roger Sketchley , who has been stood down from duty , has appeared with some of his co-accused in Adelaide Magistrates Court today on charges of assault and false imprisonment .
It is understood prosecutors will allege some of the eight charged did not participate in the exorcism but were present to encourage it .
All eight will return to court next month .
( CNN ) -- Pennsylvania police have arrested a woman who authorities say fled Washington state 11 years ago with her two sons against a court order instructing her to return them to their father , police said .
Jill Haugen was arrested at her home in Milton , Pennsylvania , on Tuesday , days after she had contacted police saying she did n't want to take care of her sons any longer , Milton Police Chief Craig Lutcher told CNN .
Police in Spokane , Washington , said a felony warrant for first - degree custodial interference was issued for her in 1998 .
The Northumberland County , Pennsylvania , district attorney 's office said she has been charged with being a fugitive from justice and is awaiting an extradition hearing .
It was not immediately clear if she had retained legal representation .
Police made two trips to her house after her Saturday phone call , Lutcher said , and the sons , now ages 15 and 16 , were placed into foster care after the second visit , on Sunday .
A caseworker discovered through an Internet search that there was a warrant from Washington state for Haugen 's arrest and told police , Lutcher said .
Police said Haugen had provided them with two different names on two different occasions .
Haugen , who was known as Jill Connington when she was married to Bill Connington , did not win primary custody of the couple 's children in 1998 after the two had divorced , police in Spokane said .
" They were with her on a visitation and she never brought them back , " Spokane police Lt. Dave McGovern said .
When she disappeared , according to police , the felony warrant for first - degree custodial interference was issued for her , police said .
Bill Connington told CNN that he was a " little overwhelmed with everything . "
" I 've had thoughts of possibly never seeing [ his sons ] again but never gave up hope I would , " he said .
He said he was speaking with caseworkers about getting the teenagers to Washington .
As she was escorted by police , Haugen told media she was a domestic abuse survivor and that her two sons were sexual abuse survivors .
It was not immediately clear against whom she was leveling the sexual abuse accusations .
" We 've been in this state since 2000 , " she said .
" We are legal residents . "
McGovern said a sexual abuse allegation was filed in 1995 on behalf of the children , but authorities were not able to substantiate anything from it .
Asked about the abuse , Connington denied any wrongdoing and said he had offered during the custody hearings to do whatever he needed to prove his innocence .
CNN 's Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report .
In Pakistan an account of life with the Taliban has emerged from a 13 - year - old girl called Meena , who says her own family tried to turn her into a suicide bomber .
There is no independent confirmation of her account but police say they believe she is telling the truth , and her information could be valuable .
Meena told her story to our Pakistan correspondent Orla Guerin .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
My brother used to tell me that the place for a woman is either at home or in the grave .
I was always restricted to home .
He said : " If you leave the house I 'll cut off your head and put it on your chest . "
My brother had been to the local school and beaten the girls and the teachers .
He said anyone who wanted to study was a friend of America .
I wanted to be a doctor .
I wanted it so much that once I dreamt I was sitting in a hospital , working as a doctor .
I wanted to help the poor , those who cannot afford medical fees .
Taliban commanders used to come to our house .
There was an underground bunker beside the house , with electricity .
It was concrete and very strong .
Cars would drive on top but no - one would realise what was underneath .
In that hideout they used to train suicide bombers .
Most were children of my age or younger than me .
They were used for these activities because they were too young to know any better .
Going to ' paradise '
I used to see these children getting on a vehicle to go for their missions .
They used loud Islamic CDs to motivate them .
And I would think , " My God , more Muslims are going to be buried " .
Then the news would come that more Muslims were wiped out .
Meena says her brother helped plan a suicide attack in Peshawar
My brother used to prepare bombs and my sister - in - law did too .
He told me that he would teach me this .
I told him no .
I would not even look at what they were doing .
My father and brother told me to carry out a suicide attack .
They were pressuring me to do this .
They told me : " If you do it you will go to paradise long before us . "
I replied : " Why do n't you tell me I will go to hell long before you ? "
Every day they used to tell me this .
Every day .
I was very young when they started telling me this .
I said to them : " What about all the people I will kill ?
They are all Muslims . "
They started beating me when I refused .
They beat me non-stop .
They made my life hell .
I never had a single moment of happiness .
They did everything other than kill me .
Bomber 's medicine
They said : " The bomb will be connected with a button , or something like the remote control of a TV .
We will give you this kind of remote , and you will go to the place .
" We will also give you a mobile , and we will ring that phone , and press the remote , and you will be blown up with this bomb . "
They attached a bomb to my sister Nahida
They told me they would use such a large amount of explosives that no - one would even know if it was a man or a woman .
They told me that I had to do it .
There was a kind of medicine they used to give to the bombers that made them go around smiling , in a trance .
They said they would give me that medicine , and then I would go running to die - with a smile .
I was so scared I decided to prepare my own tea , and my own food .
I was afraid they would mix that medicine with my food .
Sister 's story
They attached a bomb to my sister Nahida .
They tied rectangular pieces to both her arms , and a black strip was wrapped around both her legs .
Meena fled the Taliban and is now in a secure location
Then they connected the whole thing .
She told my brother the bomb was heavy and she could not walk .
He said she would be comfortable once she was sitting down in the car .
They gave her medicine .
But she was crying very loud for my mother .
She kept going to her and hugging her .
When my sister looked down at the bomb , she shivered .
Then my brother and my father started beating my mother , and they were shouting : " Why you are distracting the girl from her mission ? "
I heard my sister saying : " Where is Meena ?
I want to see her . "
But I did n't have the strength .
My heart could n't take it .
My mother fainted when they put her in the car .
My brother said my sister 's attack was in Afghanistan .
I always think about my sister .
She was healthy and a very nice girl .
She was younger than me , but she was wiser .
My mother used to tell me that I was an idiot , but she was very wise .
A ' lucky ' goat
My brother was involved in the Khyber Bazaar bombing ( in the frontier city of Peshawar in October 2009 , in which more than 50 people were killed ) .
It was discussed in the house .
I want these Taliban to be burned alive
When someone was sent somewhere they would talk about the target .
They would say : " We are sending this group there . "
After the bombings they would celebrate .
They would garland each other with flowers as people do when they come back from the Haj .
When [ former Pakistani Prime Minister ]
Benazir Bhutto died my brother started calling everybody .
They started firing , and saying " Benazir has died , Benazir has died " .
Everybody started firing - they celebrated until it was very late .
My brother visited a friend 's house after many years and was given a goat and a motorbike which he brought home .
They used to get animals as gifts because there were so many Taliban to be fed .
He asked me to take care of the goat but she ran out of the gate .
I went after her .
Police officers in Lower Dir believe Meena is telling the truth
Our house was on a ridge .
There was a stream down below .
She went down to the stream and I followed her .
A plane came making a lot of noise , and vibrations .
( This was an attack by a helicopter gunship . )
When I looked back up to my place all I could see was a lot of smoke rising .
My house was turned into rubble .
I did n't have a clue about how many of my family members were dead or alive .
Since that place was full of arms and explosives I could hear big bangs .
Then I started walking and by the evening prayers I had reached a local town .
People say I have a strong heart .
I 've had to be strong .
What can I do ?
God wo n't even let me die .
If my brother gets hold of me , I will poison him and myself .
The Taliban slaughter other people 's children .
They turn women into widows .
They should be made to suffer too .
I want these Taliban to be burned alive .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
So this article is my usual attempt to explain the topic to myself , making sure that when I forget how it works in a couple of months , I will have a simple way of remembering .
I encountered Crockford 's article in the Beautiful Code book , but found it hard to understand .
I could follow the code , but had a hard time grasping why the thing works .
Recently I became interested in the topic again , tried to read the article once more , and again was stumped .
Finally , by reading Pratt 's original paper and Frederick Lundh 's excellent Python - based piece , I understood the algorithm .
An alternative parsing algorithm was discovered by Vaughan Pratt in 1973 .
Called Top Down Operator Precedence , it shares some features with the modified RD parser , but promises to simplify the code , as well as provide better performance .
Recently it was popularized again by Douglas Crockford in his article , and employed by him in JSLint to parse Javascript .
The third article describes a method that combines RD parsing with a different algorithm for parsing expressions to achieve better results .
This method is actually used in the real - world , for example in GCC and Parrot ( source ) .
Recursive - descent parsers have always interested me , and in the past year and a half I wrote a few articles on the topic .
Here they are in chronological order :
To accommodate this difference , TDOP allows for different treatment of tokens in prefix and infix contexts .
In TDOP terminology the handler of a token as prefix is called nud ( for " null denotation " ) and the handler of a token as infix is called led ( for " left denotation " ) .
To parse the traditional infix - notation expression languages , we have to differentiate between the prefix form and infix form of tokens .
The best example is the minus operator ( - ) .
In its infix form it is subtraction :
If we want to express the convention of multiplication having a higher precedence than addition , let 's define the binding power ( bp ) of * to be 20 and that of + to be 10 ( the numbers are arbitrary , what 's important is that bp ( * ) > bp (+ ) ) .
Thus , by the definition we 've made above , the 2 will be associated with * , since its binding power is higher than that of + .
Here it is once again with A , E , B identified :
Consider a substring AEB where A takes a right argument , B a left , and E is an expression .
Does E associate with A or with B ?
We define a numeric binding power for each operator .
The operator with the higher binding power " wins " - gets E associated with it .
Let 's examine the expression :
Operator precedence and associativity is a fundamental topic to be handled by parsing techniques .
TDOP handles this issue by assigning a " binding power " to each token it parses .
Top down operator precedence parsing ( TDOP from now on ) is based on a few fundamental principles :
The TDOP algorithm
Here 's a basic TDOP parser :
def expression ( rbp= 0 ) : global token t = token token = next ( ) left = t.nud ( ) while rbp < token.lbp : t = token token = next ( ) left = t.led ( left ) return left class literal_token ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , value ) : self .value = int ( value ) def nud ( self ) : return self .value class operator_add_token ( object ) : lbp = 10 def led ( self , left ) : right = expression ( 10 ) return left + right class operator_mul_token ( object ) : lbp = 20 def led ( self , left ) : return left * expression ( 20 ) class end_token ( object ) : lbp = 0
We only have to augment it with some support code consisting of a simple tokenizer and the parser driver :
import re token_pat = re.compile ( " \s * ( ?:( \d+ ) | ( . ) ) " ) def tokenize ( program ) : for number , operator in token_pat.findall( program ) : if number : yield literal_token ( number ) elif operator == " + " : yield operator_add_token ( ) elif operator == " * " : yield operator_mul_token ( ) else : raise SyntaxError ( ' unknown operator : %s ' , operator ) yield end_token ( ) def parse ( program ) : global token , next next = tokenize ( program ) .
next token = next ( ) return expression ( )
And we have a complete parser and evaluator for arithmetic expressions involving addition and multiplication .
Now let 's figure out how it actually works .
Note that the token classes have several attributes ( not all classes have all kinds of attributes ) :
lbp - the left binding power of the operator .
For an infix operator , it tells us how strongly the operator binds to the argument at its left .
- the left binding power of the operator .
For an infix operator , it tells us how strongly the operator binds to the argument at its left .
nud - this is the prefix handler we talked about .
In this simple parser it exists only for the literals ( the numbers )
- this is the prefix handler we talked about .
In this simple parser it exists only for the literals ( the numbers ) led - the infix handler .
The key to enlightenment here is to notice how the expression function works , and how the operator handlers call it , passing in a binding power .
When expression is called , it is provided the rbp - right binding power of the operator that called it .
It consumes tokens until it meets a token whose left binding power is equal or lower than rbp .
Specifically , it means that it collects all tokens that bind together before returning to the operator that called it .
Handlers of operators call expression to process their arguments , providing it with their binding power to make sure it gets just the right tokens from the input .
Let 's see , for example , how this parser handles the expression :
3 + 1 * 2 * 4 + 5
Here 's the call trace of the parser 's functions when parsing this expression :
<< expression with rbp 0 >> << literal nud = 3 >> < < led of " + " >>
<< expression with rbp 10 >> << literal nud = 1 >> < < led of " * " >> << expression with rbp 20 >> << literal nud = 2 >> < < led of " * " >> << expression with rbp 20 >> << literal nud = 4 >> < < led of " + " >>
<< expression with rbp
10 >> << literal nud = 5 >>
The following diagram shows the calls made to expression on various recursion levels :
The arrows show the tokens on which each execution of expression works , and the number above them is the rbp given to expression for this call .
Apart from the initial call ( with rbp=0 ) which spans the whole input , expression is called after each operator ( by its led handler ) to collect the right - side argument .
As the diagram clearly shows , the binding power mechanism makes sure expression does n't go " too far " - only as far as the precedence of the invoking operator allows .
The best place to see it is the long arrow after the first + , that collects all the multiplication terms ( they must be grouped together due to the higher precedence of * ) and returns before the second + is encountered ( when the precedence ceases being higher than its rbp ) .
Another way to look at it : at any point in the execution of the parser , there 's an instance of expression for each precedence level that is active at that moment .
This instance awaits the results of the higher - precedence instance and keeps going , until it has to stop itself and return its result to its caller .
If you understand this example , you understand TDOP parsing .
All the rest is really just more of the same .
DELEVERAGING is an ugly word for a painful process .
But few things matter more for the world economy than whether , and how fast , the rich world 's borrowing is cut back .
History suggests that severe financial crises are usually followed by long periods of debt reduction — in which credit falls relative to the size of the economy .
This time , too , that process is under way .
Banks have been furiously reducing leverage .
Consumer credit in America has fallen for ten consecutive months , the largest and longest drop on record .
But how much further is there to go ?
A new report by the McKinsey Global Institute , a research arm of the consulting firm , tries to offer an answer .
It begins by comparing the recent evolution of debt levels in ten big rich economies and four large emerging ones .
Ratios of total debt to GDP ( including debt owed by households , government , non-financial businesses and the financial industry ) vary widely , with America's , at just under 300 % , lower than many others .
But with a few exceptions , such as Germany and Japan , most rich countries saw a huge rise over the past decade .
Britain and Spain were the most extreme , with an increase in their total - debt ratios of more than 150 percentage points apiece , to 465 % and 365 % respectively .
The debt piled up in different places in different countries .
With the exception of Japan , which was dealing with the aftermath of its own earlier asset bust , government debt as a share of GDP was mostly flat or falling .
Nor , with the exception of commercial property and leveraged buy - outs , did the rich world 's firms go on a debt binge .
Corporate leverage , measured as debt to book equity , was stable or falling in most countries before the crisis .
Financial - sector debt rose as a share of GDP in most countries , especially Britain and Spain , and some pockets of finance ( such as investment banks ) saw a huge increase in leverage .
But outside Germany and Japan , where it fell , the most striking jump was in household debt .
Most rich countries saw a rise of more than 40 % in the ratio of household debt to disposable income .
Even there , though , the rise was not uniform .
In America middle - income households built up most debt .
In Spain poorer people did .
The picture McKinsey paints is one of concentrated ( albeit large ) credit excesses rather than economy - wide debt binges .
As a result , the debt - reduction process will differ by sector and by country .
Judged by ratios of total debt to GDP , deleveraging has barely started .
As of June 2009 these ratios had fallen only in America , Britain and South Korea , and not by much at that .
But the composition of debt has shifted sharply , as government borrowing has soared while private debt has fallen .
The financial sector has cut back the most .
By mid-2009 financial leverage in most countries had fallen to around its average in the 15 years before the crisis .
To pinpoint where more squeezing is likely , the study examined how far the level and growth of debt in different sectors were out of line with other countries and with historical averages .
It also looked at measures of borrowers ' capacity to service their debts and their vulnerability to income shocks .
On this basis it could assess where the chances of more deleveraging over the next couple of years are high , moderate or low ( see chart ) .
Half of the ten rich countries in the report 's sample have one or more sectors that are “ highly ” vulnerable to more debt reduction .
Not surprisingly , these include households in America , Britain , Spain and , to a lesser degree , Canada and South Korea , as well as commercial property in America , Britain and Spain .
With a high risk of more corporate and financial deleveraging as well , Spain has the rockiest road ahead .
No country in the sample has much chance of government - debt reduction over the next couple of years .
Changing gear
Assigning the odds of further deleveraging is not the same as gauging its likely economic impact .
To do that , the study looks to history .
It finds 32 examples of sustained deleveraging ( at least three consecutive years in which ratios of total debt to GDP fell by at least 10 % ) in the aftermath of a financial crisis .
In some cases the debt burden was reduced by default .
In others it was inflated away .
But in about half the cases — which the report regards as the most appropriate points of comparison — the deleveraging came through a prolonged period of belt - tightening , where credit grew more slowly than output .
The message from these episodes is sobering .
Typically deleveraging began about two years after the beginning of the financial crisis and lasted for six to seven years .
In almost every case output shrank for the first two or three years of the process .
( Countries which defaulted or inflated their debt away saw bigger recessions at first , but had higher output growth than the belt - tighteners by the end . )
Worse , there are several reasons why today 's mess could be more protracted than previous episodes .
First , the scale of indebtedness is higher .
The highest debt ratio in the report 's group of belt - tighteners was 286 % , in Britain after the second world war .
Today more than half the rich countries in the McKinsey sample have debt totalling more than 300 % of GDP .
Second , the number of countries afflicted simultaneously means that rapid expansions of exports , which have supported output in the past , are harder to achieve .
Third , big increases in public debt , while cushioning demand in the short term , increase the overall debt reduction that will eventually be needed .
Once private deleveraging is done , the public sector will need to cut back .
In theory that sounds simple .
In practice it will be fiendishly hard to get the balance right .
Investors may worry about the sustainability of public debt long before private - debt reduction is over , forcing a lot of belts to be tightened at once .
The most painful bits of deleveraging could well lie ahead .
Post - traumatic stress is estimated to afflict more than 300,000 veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan , but until now , it 's been labeled a " soft disorder " – one without an objective biological path to diagnosis .
That may have changed this week , after researchers at the University of Minnesota and the Minneapolis VA Medical Center announced they 'd found a distinct pattern of brain activity among PTSD sufferers .
The team used a brain imaging method called magnetoencephalography ( MEG ) , which measures how the brain processes information .
They scanned the brains of 74 U.S. veterans with PTSD , and 250 civilians without the disorder .
By spotting specific brain biomarkers , they said they0 managed to accurately diagnose PTSD sufferers with 90 percent accuracy .
MEG machines are a fast , sensitive and accurate way to measure electric activity in the brain .
Whereas CT scans and MRIs record brain signals every few seconds , MEGs can do it by the millisecond , catching biomarkers and brain activity that the other tests inevitably miss .
The study could be a breakthrough for the military , who 've been scrambling to address a surge in post - traumatic symptoms among newly returning vets .
Right now , troops are evaluated by mental health experts , but diagnosis is a crap - shoot : Symptoms can take years to show up , and vary from person to person , even among those exposed to the same traumas .
The Pentagon has pushed for more objective , systematized diagnosis tools , like portable at - home sleep monitors and genetic testing to detect PTSD vulnerability .
They 've even launched a program to create stress - mitigating pharmaceuticals .
Of course , a study on 74 vets is only a start .
Next up , the researchers want to evaluate 500 vets , alongside 500 civilians , to further validate their findings .
And since PTSD is a complex disease , with new causes , symptoms and potential treatments popping up every week , it 's hard to see how one set of biomarkers could pump out a definitive diagnosis for every tested veteran .
Some PTSD symptoms , like depression and anxiety , are also highly personal – pretty tough to reduce to a single scan and an objective diagnosis .
Then there 's the potential for the scans to impact how medical care is doled out and paid for .
Dr. Apostolos Georgopoulos , the lead researcher on the discovery , hopes the breakthrough will speed treatment and simplify insurance coverage .
But unless the scans are subjected to major clinical scrutiny , PTSD treatment to those whose MEG scans match a set of biomarkers might mean some ailing vets slip through the cracks – a grim picture that 's already a reality .
Photo : U.S. ARMY
See also :
Electronic
Arts has announced earlier today that for a new instalment in the Medal of Honor series is currently in development , and set for a release in 2010 .
Though until now , the series has always been situated in the Second World War , the new instalment in the series will take place in modern - day Afghanistan .
Though it is the fifteenth game in the series , the game will simply be known as Medal of Honor .
EA is working together with military experts and claims that the game is “ [ i] nspired by real events . ”
Furthermore , “ Medal of Honor reveals the mission of today ’s most elite soldier – his will , his mindset and his uncompromising professionalism . ”
Currently under development at EA Los Angeles , it was also announced that EA - owned studio DICE would be overseeing the development of the multiplayer aspect of the game .
DICE is well - known for developing the Battlefield series .
EA has also released the packshots for the game , which can be found after the jump .
It is currently unclear if these are final .
Ex-soldier , 41 , who had sex with 13 - year - old girl spared jail as woman judge says teenager ' did most of the running '
A soldier at Sandhurst who had sex with a 13 - year - old girl was spared jail by a woman judge who said the victim was ' precocious ' and ' made all the running ' .
Nigel Thomson , 41 , had sex with the schoolgirl in his room at the officers ' academy just a day after a woman officer warned him she was ' dangerous ' .
At a sentencing hearing yesterday , Judge Mary Mowat allowed Thomson to walk from Oxford Crown Court with a suspended sentence even though the maximum sentence is 14 years in jail .
' Stupid , not malicious ' : Former Household Cavalry soldier Private Nigel Thomson , 41 , was spared jail by a judge who said that a 13 - year - old ' Lolita ' girl with whom he had sex had ' made all the running '
Ruling that Thomson had acted out of ' stupidity rather than malice ' , the judge said she regarded the offence as a ' one - off incident ' and did not view him as a ' general danger to young girls ' .
Judge Mowat added : ' It was clear from the evidence that she was a disturbed girl , that her behaviour was precocious in several respects , that she looked and acted older than her age and she made most of the running . '
But she added : ' Whether you knew her age or not , you had the duty as a man in his 40s to make sure she was the legal age . '
An earlier hearing was told that Falklands veteran Thomson , who served in the Army as a private for 22 years , struck up a friendship with the young girl at the stables where he worked as a groom .
Judge Mary Mowat told the defendant : ' This was not a breach of trust situation .
Although she was vulnerable , you too in a sense , are vulnerable as you are a simple man '
As their friendship developed , the female officer became concerned about the pair in the light of what she knew about the girl 's similar behaviour with older men in the past .
A day after the warning from the officer , the girl was sent home from school after she was caught drinking alcohol .
She went to the stables where she met Thomson , and the pair went back to his room for sex using a condom supplied by the girl .
Thomson was arrested by Royal Military Police after the girl produced the condom which she had kept as a trophy .
Martin Mulgrew , defending , said the ' troubled ' and ' disturbed ' teenager had been visiting a horse Thomson looked after to seek solace from her problems .
' She confided in Mr Thomson , ' he said .
' He would talk to her about her problems and over a two week period they got to know one another .
' She was crying and Mr Thomson invited her back to his room to comfort her and one thing led to another .
She was a time - bomb waiting to go off .
Unfortunately it was Mr Thomson she went off on .'
Mr Mulgrew said the defendant , who was living with his girlfriend and her 15 - year - old daughter in Ashtead , Surrey , at the time of the incident , had suffered ' blind moral panic ' .
Thomson , who resigned from the Army following the incident , was described in court as ' not the most capable of people ' , reflected in the fact that he had remained a private during his entire service career .
He admitted one count of sexual activity with a child .
Sentencing him to a 51 - week prison sentence suspended for two years , Judge Mowat said : ' She [ the victim ] was just short of 14 .
There are many girls of 14 in this country who are sexually active - this may not be a good thing but it is a fact that has to be recognised .
' She has indicated that she does not want you to go to prison .
Despite taking advantage of her you were kind to her and her plea repeats this fact .
' This was not a breach of trust situation .
Although she was vulnerable , you too in a sense , are vulnerable as you are a simple man .
What occurred was stupidity rather than malice . '
The judge also handed Thomson , who has now moved to Leicestershire to live with his father , a 12 - month supervision requirement , and banned him from teaching or instructing girls under the age of 16 .
The former soldier was also banned from contacting the victim until she reaches the age of 16 .
She can not be named for legal reasons .
Ashley Young has left Manchester United for Inter Milan .
The Red Devils were willing to let him go while Inter made it clear they needed him at the San Siro .
The former England international however says this is not the first time Antonio Conte have tried to pry him away form Man utd owing from [… ]
8 Reasons Why Arrow is Superior to Smallville
We 've all been there .
Everyone has been burned by an ex .
The Guardian has a short piece by David Leigh et al on the police investigation into the Climategate emails .
Leigh has picked up on the comment left on this site by UEA 's Paul Dennis , a climatologist who has a much less antagonistic approach to sceptics than his colleagues in CRU .
Dennis had commented that he had been interviewed by police .
Here 's the bit where I get a mention :
Dennis has now posted an account of his police interview at a British website run by a sceptic accountant , Andrew Montford .
He told Montford 's blog , called Bishop Hill : " They thought I might have some information on the basis that I had sent [ Condon ] a copy of a paper I had published on isotopes and climate at the southern end of the Antarctic Peninsula … and I had exchanged emails with Steve McIntyre over the leak / hack .
As you can see , they missed out the important bit , namely the words " and the author of a very excellent book on the Hockey Stick affair " .
David Leigh interviewed me a couple of weeks back , and I was careful to cram him full of biscuits and the finest filter coffee that money can buy .
And not a mention of the book , not a mention !
Chocolate biscuits next time , I think .
The Pentagon 's mad science arm may have come up with its most radical project yet .
Darpa is looking to re-write the laws of evolution to the military 's advantage , creating " synthetic organisms " that can live forever – or can be killed with the flick of a molecular switch .
As part of its budget for the next year , Darpa is investing $ 6 million into a project called BioDesign , with the goal of eliminating " the randomness of natural evolutionary advancement . "
The plan would assemble the latest bio - tech knowledge to come up with living , breathing creatures that are genetically engineered to " produce the intended biological effect . "
Darpa wants the organisms to be fortified with molecules that bolster cell resistance to death , so that the lab - monsters can " ultimately be programmed to live indefinitely . "
Of course , Darpa 's got to prevent the super - species from being swayed to do enemy work – so they 'll encode loyalty right into DNA , by developing genetically programmed locks to create " tamper proof " cells .
Plus , the synthetic organism will be traceable , using some kind of DNA manipulation , " similar to a serial number on a handgun . "
And if that does n't work , do n't worry .
In case Darpa 's plan somehow goes horribly awry , they 're also tossing in a last - resort , genetically - coded kill switch :
Develop strategies to create a synthetic organism " self - destruct " option to be implemented upon nefarious removal of organism .
The project comes as Darpa also plans to throw $ 20 million into a new synthetic biology program , and $ 7.5 million into " increasing by several decades the speed with which we sequence , analyze and functionally edit cellular genomes . "
Of course , Darpa 's up against some vexing , fundamental laws of nature – not to mention bioethics – as they embark on the lab beast program .
First , they might want to rethink the idea of evolution as a random series of events , says NYU biology professor David Fitch .
" Evolution by selection is nota random process at all , and is actually a hugely efficient design algorithm used extensively in computation and engineering , " he e-mails Danger Room .
Even if Darpa manages to overcome the inherent intelligence of evolutionary processes , overcoming inevitable death can be tricky .
Just ask all the other research teams who 've made stabs at it , trying everything from cell starvation to hormone treatments .
Gene therapy , where artificial genes are inserted into an organism to boost cell life , are the latest and greatest in life - extension science , but they 've only been proven to extend lifespan by 20 percent in rats .
But suppose gene therapy makes major strides , and Darpa does manage to get the evolutionary science right .
They 'll also have a major ethical hurdle to jump .
Synthetic biology researchers are already facing the same questions , as a 2009 summary from the Synthetic Biology Project reports :
The concern that humans might be overreaching when we create organisms that never before existed can be a safety concern , but it also returns us to disagreements about what is our proper role in the natural world ( a debate largely about non-physical harms or harms to well - being ) .
Even expert molecular geneticists do n't know what to make of the project .
Either that , or they 're scared Darpa might sic a bio - bot on them .
" I would love to comment , but unfortunately Darpa has installed a kill switch in me , " one unnamed expert tells Danger Room .
Photo : VA.gov
Earlier this morning the United State ’s Senate , Committee on Judiciary , unanimously approved Senate Bill 714 , The National Criminal Justice Commission Act of 2009 .
NORML first blogged about this federal legislation back in November , and encouraged NORML supporters to contact their U.S. Senators in favor of this long - needed reform .
Fortunately , many of you did so , and today the Senate Judiciary responded accordingly .
As amended , Senate Bill 714 will establish a ` National Criminal Justice Commission ’ to hold public hearings and “ undertake a comprehensive review of the criminal justice system , including Federal , State , local , and tribal governments ’ criminal justice costs , practices , and policies .
…
The Commission shall make findings regarding such review and recommendations for changes in oversight , policies , practices , and laws designed to prevent , deter , and reduce crime and violence , improve cost - effectiveness , and ensure the interests of justice at every step of the criminal justice system . ”
It ’s been many years since a federally appointed commission has taken an objective look at American criminal justice policies , and it ’s been nearly 40 years since federal lawmakers have undertaken a critical examination of U.S. drug policy .
As affirmed by the bill ’s chief sponsor , Democrat Senator Jim Webb of Virginia :
“ America ’s criminal justice system has deteriorated to the point that it is a national disgrace . …
The United States has by far the world ’s highest incarceration rate .
With 5 % of the world ’s population , our country now houses nearly 25 % of the world ’s reported prisoners .
… Drug offenders , most of them passive users or minor dealers , are swamping our prisons .
…
Justice statistics also show that 47.5 % of all the drug arrests in our country in 2007 were for marijuana offenses .
Additionally , nearly 60 % of the people in state prisons serving time for a drug offense had no history of violence or of any significant selling activity .
… African - Americans — who make up about 12 % of the total U.S. population population — accounted for 37 % of those arrested on drug charges , 59 % of those convicted , and 74 % of all drug offenders sentenced to prison .
… It is incumbent on our national leadership to find a way to fix our prison system . ”
NORML supporters can play a role in this ‘ fix ’ by contacting their U.S. Senators and urging them to support Senate Bill 714 , The National Criminal Justice Commission Act .
( Note , the measure must still be approved by the full Senate , and then the House of Representatives , before it can become law . )
‘ Change we can believe in ? ’
It ’s about damn time .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Italy 's Berlusconi regime , already known around the world as an enemy of
free speech and popular access to the tools of communication , has now
floated a proposal to require Italians to get an " uploader 's license " in order
to put any " moving pictures " on the Internet .
The government claims that
this is required as part of the EU 's product placement disclosure rules , which
is about as ridiculous assertion as I 've heard this month .
" The decree subjects the transmission of images on the Web to rules typical of television and requires prior ministerial authorization , with an incredible limitation on the way the Internet currently functions , " opposition Democratic Party lawmaker Paolo Gentiloni told the press conference .
Article 4 of the decree specifies that the dissemination over the Internet " of moving pictures , whether or not accompanied by sound , " requires ministerial authorization .
Critics say it will therefore apply to the Web sites of newspapers , to IPTV and to mobile TV , obliging them to take on the same status as television broadcasters .
" Italy joins the club of the censors , together with China , Iran and North Korea , " said Gentiloni 's party colleague Vincenzo Vita …
" It 's the Berlusconi method : Kill your potential enemies while they are small .
That 's why anyone doing Web TV — even from their attic at home — must get ministerial approval and fulfill a host of other bureaucratic obligations , " Gilioli wrote .
He said the government was also keen to restrict the uncontrollable circulation of information over the Internet to preserve its monopoly over television news .
Brief history of The Quote ...
" I contend we are both atheists , I just believe in one fewer god than you do .
When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods , you will understand why I dismiss yours . " ... Stephen F Roberts
... Yep , that 's me !
I am the author of the above quote which has become a bit of a popular statement throughout the net ( and some in the real world too ) .
... I first used The Quote as a tag line for postings on the newsgroups alt .
atheism and talk .
atheism at some point before October 1995 .
I do n't remember exactly when I started using it , and unfortunately lost my mailer that would have contained the archive .
The earliest records that DejaNews.com have is back to 1995 , and by October 1995 it apeared ' widespread ' in taglines , so I must have originated it sometime before then .
Most likely early 95 or late 94 .
... The Quote is an original quote that came from an online debate I was having with religious people in the newsgroups .
I used the a similar comparison in a debate when my opponent wondered why I ignored the evidence for god , and in return , I wondered why my debate opponent chose to ignore the evidence for Shiva , or Zeus , or any of the other possible gods .
... I then slightly refined and shortened it the next day to the ' modern ' form it is now to use in a tagline .
Within days ,
The Quote was in use by others in their taglines ( I added my name as an attribute a few weeks later when people asked me if it was my original quote ) .
Microsoft has revealed during a keynote at this year ’s Consumer Electronics
Show that when Infinity Ward releases the upcoming DLC for Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 in the spring it will be as a timed - exclusive for the Xbox 360 .
More interesting is the omission of the PS3 from the announcement completely .
While PC wo n’t see the add-ons at the same time as Xbox 360 , it was still mentioned to actually have plans for releasing the content .
The lack of announcement pretty much sums up the state of PS3 DLC over the past couple of years –though if you want a true microcosm of delayed content for the Playstation 3 you can simply look at the individual case of Fallout 3 .
Regardless , at least two map - packs are currently planned for Spring 2010 release on 360 with PC to follow , and in all honesty it just would n’t make any sense that a large chunk of the MW2 fanbase would be left out of purchasing additional content for one of the highest grossing titles in history .
I ’d put money on a resolution of the matter in the form of a separate PS3 announcement sometime down the road , but not necessarily soon given the track record .
The New Normal .
I 'm sure you 've heard this expression .
It 's used by many people to describe the way the recession has changed American life and business .
There 's a new normal for consumer spending , a new normal for IT operations , and not surprisingly , a new normal for employment .
Cris Janzen , a career coach and president of Seattle , Wash . - based outplacement firm Janzen & Associates LLC , recently described the new normal for employment .
In her blog entry , " It 's a whole new game , " she writes :
Not everyone will be able to " plug back in " this time at the same or higher salary than they left for just doing the same type of work as before .
Some jobs will be bigger and require more hours than what you left , and many will have morphed to being packaged differently .
Naturally , Janzen professes to have the solution to the problems the new normal poses to job seekers :
People should n't think in terms of having " a job , " she writes , rather in terms of " multiple revenue streams . "
Unfortunately , Janzen does n't elaborate .
Does she mean that we can no longer count on having full - time jobs ?
By " multiple revenue streams , " is she talking about cobbling together income from different sources ?
What kinds of sources does she have in mind ?
A rental property ?
Stocks ?
The sale of goods on Amazon or eBay ?
Freelance or contract work ?
A second job ?
Reading further , it becomes clear Janzen recommends people be more " flexible and creative " in how they define their jobs and earn their keep :
Much [ h ] as shifted and the nimble among us , willing and able to shift with the times , will do the best in 2010 .
Whether that 's thinking in terms of generating multiple income streams , or brushing up some now needed skill to add to your arsenal , or taking an imperfect job for the time being — it 's a time to be more flexible and creative than ever in how you define your occupation and how you generate your income .
Waiting for things to " return to normal " is unrealistic , and a setup for disappointment .
Denial is a way to stay stuck in the process rather than commit to moving forward .
Sounds grim , but not all bad news by any means !
It 's a time full of opportunity for people who come to grips with the fact that the state of " normal employment " has already shifted , and who correspondingly shift their strategies with the times .
Janzen 's perspective sends job seekers down a dangerous path .
Her core message :
You have no choice but to accept this new normal .
Yet this new world of work does n't offer professionals anything except more work and less stability .
When Janzen writes , " It 's a time full of opportunity , " one wonders what opportunities she has in mind .
This Panglossian appeal to look on the bright side is completely delusional in a recession where the silver lining is a jobless recovery .
What 's more , this new world of work that Janzen espouses people to blindly accept is unrealistic .
In Janzen 's new world order , people with full - time jobs must do even more work cultivating additional revenue streams so that they can supplement their income .
But the real problem is that their full - time jobs do n't pay enough because employers used the recession to cut everyone 's salary .
This is not a sustainable work model because overworked , underpaid professionals take short cuts , burn out and look for a better job .
For people to make a living the way Janzen envisions , you 'll have to work around the clock .
Welcome to the white collar sweat shop .
The situation is n't any brighter for full - time freelancers and contractors .
Those who 've been forced to creatively redefine their occupation and how they generate income as a contractor do n't know when or where their next paycheck is going to come from .
Of course , this hand - to - mouth lifestyle was the bane of contractors before the recession , too .
And then there 's this rub :
The subtext of Janzen 's message implicitly places blame on working people for their tenuous employment and financial situation .
Janzen uses the tired cliché that people need to " shift their strategies with the time . "
But people are not in such dire circumstances because they did n't work hard enough or because they did n't have the right skills .
They 're unemployed due to systemic failures in the nation 's financial and legislative systems .
( See It 's Not You .
It 's the Economy . )
I talk to creative , flexible job seekers every day who are doing everything right in their job searches — personal branding , networking , positive attitude — yet they 're still struggling .
It 's not because they do n't have the right skills .
It 's not because they have n't " shifted their strategies with the time . "
Unfortunately , no job search or career management strategy adequately addresses these times .
Janzen 's job advice to accept the new status quo and cultivate multiple streams of income , however , is worse .
It 's a fool 's errand .
ThinkingApplied.com Mind Tools : Applications and Solutions
The Mathematics of Persistence
Download as PDF file
Lee Humphries
Everyone is born with an empty wallet and no skill .
Yet some go on to acquire means and expertise .
How likely is that ?
Your prospects for a quick financial windfall are not good .
Accounting fraudonce a popular approach to fast cash has fallen on hard times as escalating legal costs and prison sentences erode its benefits .
Inheritance has never been reliable :
There are far fewer wealthy relatives than willing heirs , and the ones that exist have a selfish fixation on their own longevity .
Powerball is a sucker 's game .
Imagine a string stretched from Owatonna , MN to Orlando , FL .
A one - inch segment represents your odds of hitting the jackpot ; the remainder , your odds of continuing your present lifestyle .
If your chance of instant riches is minuscule , your chance of instant expertise is zero : Nobody acquires skill in a day .
Still , for those who persist , the long - term prospects are good .
Both money and knowledge can compound over time .
To understand the compounding of money , consider a " five - dollar " experiment .
Each week put five bucks in a cookie jar .
Once a year , pull out $ 260 and invest it at 8.5 % ( a reasonable market return over the long haul ) .
Do this year after year .
You 'll need a dozen years to build up your first $ 5000  that 's quite a while but you 'll need only six additional years to accumulate your next $ 5000 .
You 'll have your third $ 5000 in another four years , and your fourth $ 5000 in just three more .
In the early stages of compounding , gains are meager .
Significant gains do n't occur until later .
But once they appear , they start to snowball .
How about becoming an expert ?
Within their areas of competence , experts have many more categories of awareness than novices .
The perception of subtleties is what Michael Jordan , Warren Buffett , and Yo - Yo Ma have in common .
Not only have experts gathered many " elemental " facts about their field ; they have linked them to one another to produce a vast array of " relational " facts .
In simplest terms , a relational fact is the knowledge gained when you combine two elemental facts .
To picture this , draw two dots and connect them with a line .
The dots represent elemental facts ; the line , a relational fact .
Add new dots , connecting each to all the others .
With three dots , you 'll have three connecting lines .
With four dots , six lines .
With five dots , ten ; etc .
Every new dot compounds the number of connecting lines .
Likewise , every new piece of information compounds the pool of available relationships .
With a knowledge base of one hundred elemental facts , you have at your disposal about 5000 potential connections .
Double your knowledge base and you will increase the potential connections to nearly 20,000 .
Learn a thousand things and the potential connections approach half a million .
It is these latent relationships that the mind processes in its search for insight .
The processing is autonomous and subliminal , but you can encourage it .
Each day use your powers of observation and reasoning to learn some new thing about your field .
Reflect on its connection to what you already know .
Reflection compounds knowledge .
With a sufficient knowledge base , you can start to build a portfolio of noteworthy work problems solved , know - how acquired and applied .
To the extent that your growing portfolio is valued by others , your income is likely to increase .
This , in turn , can accelerate the growth of your financial base .
The power of dollars and of facts is collective , not individual .
Before either can generate really large returns they must reach a critical mass .
Mass grows as the accumulating returns on your past efforts are enhanced by the on - going contributions of your new efforts in short , as you persist .
There is no persistence without discipline .
But self - coercion is fools ' discipline .
A devitalizing force at heart , it will eventually burn you out .
Far better are the attractive forces of love , desire , and fascination .
These are rejuvenating ; their objects , energizing .
The wise recognize this and harness them to travel to the City of Good Luck .
