Random PartnerCherry NudesCandy ListEro LuvPerfect NakedFine Art TeensErotic BeautiesMost Sexy PornCoolios BabesFive Star PornSimons GirlsUndress Me SlowlyEx Girlfriend MarketNude and FreshBravo EroticaEros BerryHungarian LesbiansBest List of PornUltra DonkeyKing of PicsElephant List Free Porn
During an Ellen DeGeneres
Show taping on Monday , new aunt Jessica Simpson said her sister was considering inducing labor .
" I think she 's really just jumping around trying everything right now " to get the baby out .
As for the tot 's name , Wentz told Seacrest they were not looking to go down in the annals of punchline - ready celebrity monikers .
" I want to meet the baby first .
My friend said it — you 've gotta have a baby with a name that could be a rock star or a senator , so he 'll get work either way . "
In preparation for the big day , Simpson - Wentz , along with Jessica , mom Tina and famous friends Nicole Richie and Emmy Rossum , held a Winnie - the - Pooh baby shower at the Hotel Bel - Air three weeks ago .
The new mom kept a mostly low profile during her lengthy pregnancy , but she did express her excitement at the prospect of entering motherhood in a post to her MySpace blog over the summer .
" Carrying a child is the most inspiring , emotional , amazing experience of my life ... I am only concerned with having a healthy pregnancy and a healthy baby . "
The couple tied the knot in May , about a month after word of their pregnancy leaked out .
( Originally published on Nov. 20 , 2008 at 11:57 p.m. PT )
I recently decided to run a test to see how well users can collaborate using social bookmarking sites like reddit & digg .
This was assuming that users will collaborate and can accomplish something together !
How the test works
1 ) Each visitor to the site will be given any ONE random letter of a phrase ( one per IP address ) .
2 ) They have to use the comments or any method to share with other users know the letter they got .
3 ) All users have only two attempts to guess the phrase .
After they have used their attempts they can share their guesses in the comments section .
EG :
If the phrase was “ wild goose chase ” .
Visitors to the page might get any letter from ‘ w ’ through to ‘ e ’ and so on .
Users use the comment section to share their letters and work together and find out the phrase .
This is how a test looked on reddit .
Result of test on Reddit
Phrase / Word Section posted
Time to finish
Observatory Programming 14.5 minutes
Starbucks Coffee Entertainment 107.3 minutes
Wild Goose Chase WTF 225.6 minutes
Result of test on DIGG
Phrase / Word Time to finish
Spill the beans 580.5 minutes
Observations on the test results
1 ) Although more than 5000 visitors saw each page .
There were around 105 comments and around 20 – 30 users who actively participate to guess the phrase .
2 ) Thanks to proxy servers used – Some users ( esp in programming section ) could get more letters from the system .
3 ) Reddit edit comments helps a lot as users can change their comments any number of times .
4 ) Another interesting observation was that some people lie that they got a letter which was not actually given to them .
It was good to see users upvote the letters in the comments that they have also got to confirm a letter .
5 ) Reddit programming users managed to find the word in just under 15 minutes of starting the test .
WOW !
I am looking for any other fun ideas of a collabortive test ?
Looking forward to hear your ideas !
ADVERTISEMENT
Part two : Immortal Technique discusses faith , college and jail Larisa Alexandrovna
Published : Tuesday February 17 , 2009
Print This Email This Part 1 | Part 2
Religion vs. spirituality Raw Story 's Larisa Alexandrovna :
On religion  many today seem to frame it as faith vs. belief .
Do you have faith or do you believe ?
Immortal Technique : I definitely have faith in myself , but I dont think there is necessarily an applied balance to the universe .
... I think that you are on a path in some way , shape or form , and things are likely to happen if you do certain other things and you place your belief on a specific direction .
But to answer your question , I am not an incredibly religious person .
But there are some rituals I may observe , as we all do , without knowing necessarily where they come from .
Like when you carry your wife over the threshold of your crib or you say grace or when you say " Our Father . "
Sure I may have said a prayer before I eat , but I believe that we pay so much attention to religion in itself , but we dont pay attention to the history .
LA : Give me an example of this .
IT : I know people who can quote the Bible for days but dont understand anything about the time when Jesus Christ was born of it , or the time of fledgling Christianity , when it was in its fetal stage .
So when I look at that , I think of someone telling me , " Hey you know , I know what America is about because I read the Constitution .
I never read American history , but I have read the American Constitution .
So I know what America is all about . "
You know ?
LA : Right .
Yes .
IT : And Im like , " No you dont .
You know what America is in theory .
You know what America is in terms of what was written down 200 some odd years ago .
You have no idea what America is about because you have never read about manifest destiny , about the Mexican American war , about the Louisiana Purchase , about World War II , The Civil War , slavery and so forth . "
You know ?
LA : Sure .
Of course .
Underground battle scene LA : How are you getting across to your audiences ?
I mean your music is incredibly complex and involves topics that most Americans are unfamiliar with .
IT : I think I try to put things in a way that implies what I am talking about , you know ?
I think putting together historical facts to rhymes and metaphors helps people to understand what it is I am talking about , and it gives people a direction if they want to look up something in a particular discipline .
Like putting a bookmark into music and saying " Look over here . "
I took some of these songs that I wrote as a young man , some in prison , and the majority of them I compiled into an album called Revolutionary Volume 1 .
LA : Yes , I know .
I have the album .
IT : Thank you .
LA : [ laughs ]
Im not sure if I mentioned this to you when we have talked before , but I approached Rolling Stone about me doing a piece on you and the music .
Your metaphor structures , your use of imagery , the internal rhyme and the way you use it , and the passion and focus on politics .
My contact there said that you were " too niche " and didnt have mass appeal .
IT : Too niche ?
LA : Yeah .
You know , how niche can you be if I am digging your work , me  a refugee from the Soviet Union , a Jew , a white female in her mid thirties who studied literature and poetry ?
[ laughs ] .
There is some hip - hop I like , but it is limited to people who have something to say , like 2 Pac .
Not guys glorifying and sensationalizing their street cred and sexual prowess .
IT : Not surprising .
If you do something [ positive ] , they dont want to hear nothing about it .
You know , if I had been shot a few times [ or ] if I was promoting gang violence or something , then they would want to write about it .
I wanted to study the dark side of revolution .
My music is really violent , but not violent without direction , you know ?
LA : That is a really good way of putting it .
Yes .
And your music is not really about a political party or the simple way in which government and politics are viewed .
IT : Yeah .
My music is not like " Okay , there is a right - wing authoritarian conspiracy . "
Im like " Now dont you understand that the same way American has colonized and used its influence the Caribbean , Central and South America , and parts of West Africa is the same exact thing that the USSR was doing to Eastern Europe ? "
It is two empires that are competing and if we consider one as a perversion of democracy , then the other is a perversion of socialism .
That is not real socialism .
That is not real communism .
It is an ideology that is used to sell a specific interest .
Look at early Christianity , where the faith was brought together and unified under a state religion and later , subsequent wars were justified by the religion , even though the religion did not teach this as just , right ?
LA : Yes , but the perversion of democracy and the perversion of communism have a common thread : capital .
The emphasis is not on human rights or a just social system , it is simply a matter of who controls the capital .
Either way , there is no " we the people " in any of it .
But because we are running short on time , can I ask you about a song or two ?
IT : Yeah .
College and incarceration LA : Why did you choose Penn State ?
Why not a school in New York ?
IT : I think its ' cause we took a road trip to Pennsylvania and I saw the logo or something .
[ laughs ] ... I dont know .
It was something .
I like the football team .
LA : How long did you attend ?
IT : About a year .
LA : But you got arrested , right ?
IT : When I was growing up in New York , I did really fucked up things that I look back on and think that was just fucking stupid .
We were robbing people , breaking into motherfuckers  cribs .
And it was not because I was starving .
I was by no means rich .
I had the basics .
I just wanted shit .
I realized later that it was really selfish and childish .
I realized that if I wanted something I could work for it instead of taking it from someone else .
I was following the blueprint laid out for me by the colonizer .
So at some point I realized I had to take personal responsibility for myself and stop blaming my situation on others .
LA : But that arrest was before that realization ?
What was the arrest and imprisonment for ?
IT : I took that mentality I had to school with me .
My first few months of school , I went to a party and me and my people from school got into a gigantic fight with a bunch of crack dealers and we beat the fuck out of them .
And looking back at this as a young adult , as someone who was just crawling into adulthood at that time , I think to myself , you know what ?
You are lucky you did not get yourself killed with that bullshit .
But I did get arrested on a gang of assault charges .
LA : So a year at school and a year in prison .
Two different types of education .
IT : Yeah , it is weird , you know ?
A year and a year .
LA : You did not continue your education at Penn State ?
IT : I was suspended for a year .
But I dont like the way they handled it .
I highlight these things about me and my personality as a young adult to emphasize not how bad I was , but to show you how far I have come as an individual .
I am so far from that now .
LA : So what did you do after you left Penn State ?
Did you continue your education in New York on your own or augmented that with classes ?
IT : When I got out of being locked up , my dad allowed me to be paroled to his house , but he had one condition , that I go to school at least part time .
So I went to Baruch College in New York for two semesters .
It was interesting .
When I was at Penn State , my GPA was like a 2.0 because I did not give a fuck about shit .
I never clicked with the classes .
You know , whenever there was something that had to be read for school , I would go into the library and I would find a book that was completely not related .
You know , I would find a book like Tecumseh and the story of early Colonial years or some shit like that and I would be like fuck , this is so interesting , you know ?
So when I went to Baruch I took strictly political science classes and my GPA was like 4.0 , 3.9 and I realized that this was what I wanted to do the whole time .
LA : Thanks for your time , Tech .
IT : Thank you , Larisa .
Click here for part one : Breaking the stereotype :
An interview with hip - hop artist Immortal Technique Larisa Alexandrovna is Raw Storys Managing Editor for Investigative News .
She can be reached at [ email protected ] .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
A story claiming to reveal Apple chief executive Steve Jobs ' recent lack of computer use has reignited speculation surrounding his health and the progress of his recovery .
In a Saturday column entitled " Where 's Steve ? " , Robert X. Cringely cites one source and declares , " Steve Jobs has stopped using his computer . "
A friend of mine has for years been one of Steve Jobs ' Internet chat buddies .
And as such his chat client has â again for years â shown as Steve came online each day and remained there for hours and hours as you 'd expect a Silicon Valley mogul to do .
And it 's a trend that continued well past Jobs ' announcement that he was taking a six - month leave of absence to get well .
But then Steve started logging - on less and less .
And several weeks ago he stopped logging - on at all .
Silence .
Cringely , which is the pen name of former InfoWorld and PBS columnist Mark Stephens , concludes that anyone who " actually expects Steve Jobs to return to Apple " will care about this latest revelation .
According to Cringely 's bio , " The sex symbol , airplane enthusiast and adventurer continues to write about personal computers and has an active consulting business in Silicon Valley , selling his cybersoul to the highest bidder . "
He claims " the best and brightest " of the Valley " talk to him all the time , " providing the information he uses in his reports .
Cringely is also the author of a book called Accidental Empires : How the Boys of Silicon Valley Make Their Millions , Battle Foreign Competition , and Still Ca n't Get a Date .
Jobs was the first name listed ( followed by Bill Gates and Mitch Kapor ) on the back cover of the book , published in 1996 , in which Cringely predicted PCs would be " obsolete " by the year 2000 and " only software would survive . "
Apple watchers responding to the author 's assertion â 
Jobs is not using a computer at all â have quickly pointed out that " not logging on to chat does n't necessarily mean any such thing , " as Fortune reported on its Apple 2.0 blog .
The same entry cautioned against drawing too many conclusions , noting that Jobs could merely be " concentrating on getting better . "
The majority of commenters on Cringely 's own site questioned his motives and reporting , to which Cringely responded , " [ Y]es , he might have changed his chat name after many years , he might have disowned my source , might have done any of a number of other things mentioned BUT HE DIDN'T .
You think I do n't check these things out ?
I 've had this for 10 days and would n't have published on a Saturday except it took that long to confirm . "
Jobs , who celebrates his 54th birthday tomorrow , has been on a leave of absence since mid-January from the company he helped create .
The Mac maker 's chief operating officer , Tim Cook , is leading the company in his stead .
" In order to take myself out of the limelight and focus on my health , and to allow everyone at Apple to focus on delivering extraordinary products , I have decided to take a medical leave of absence until the end of June , " Jobs wrote in a media advisory made public on January 14 .
In the wake of that announcement , rumors of shareholder lawsuits surfaced while other observers expressed confidence in the Cupertino - based company 's interim leadership team .
As the annual shareholders ' meeting on Wednesday approaches , Apple may once again have to face questions about the one executive who could still lead the discussion despite his absence .
Americans saving less than nothing / Spending could outstrip income in 2005 , which has n't happened since the Depression
( J1 ) Personal Saving ( J1 ) Personal Saving Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Americans saving less than nothing / Spending could outstrip income in 2005 , which has n't happened since the Depression 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
When the Commerce Department recently tallied up consumer finances for November , it found that Americans shelled out more money than they took in .
It was the seventh such month of red ink during 2005 .
Kevin Lansing , an economist with the Federal Reserve Bank in San Francisco , tracks the personal savings rate -- the Commerce Department 's measure of how much consumers have left after spending is subtracted from income .
In November the savings rate was a negative 0.2 percent .
Given how much red ink households racked up in the first 11 months of last year , Lansing said the nation 's personal savings rate could well be negative for all of 2005 .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
That , he added , would be " the first such occurrence since the Great Depression . "
The term " savings rate " may be a misnomer .
Keith Leggett , senior economist with the American Bankers Association , described the measure as a tally of all the income that is n't spent .
" Savings is the absence of consumption , " he said .
Traditionally this unspent income has been used to accumulate capital for future investment .
By contrast , the recent spell of low savings -- or high spending -- has provided a short - term stimulus , helping the nation 's output of goods and services grow at an enviable 4.3 percent rate in the third quarter of 2005 .
But many experts say that in the months ahead , savings - starved , debt - burdened households will slow their spending and , with it , the economy .
" You 're seeing a situation where the consumers are spending every penny they possibly can and borrowing on top of that , " said Joel Naroff , a Pennsylvania economic consultant , who expects growth to cool in the near future .
And while classical economic theory says savings must accumulate for future investment , if consumers suddenly start spending less , it could cause problems .
" If everybody decided to save , the economy would contract and you 'd lose jobs , " Leggett said .
The Federal Reserve 's Lansing examined the savings argument more closely in a November Federal Reserve article titled " Spendthrift Nation . "
He noted that in the 1980s the personal savings rate in the United States averaged 9 percent .
Put another way , back then Americans spent 91 cents of every after - tax dollar they earned , which left a 9 cent surplus for savings or investment .
During the 1990s , Americans spent about 95 cents per dollar earned and had a nickel left .
The nation ended 2004 with an annual savings rate of 1.8 percent .
The rate has continued down through 2005 , attracting the notice of some prominent economic observers .
" If we can believe the numbers , personal savings in the United States have practically disappeared , " former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker wrote in an ominously titled opinion piece , " An economy on thin ice , " in April .
But other economists , including current members of the Federal Reserve , say the falling savings rate is n't so alarming .
They argue that the declining savings rate has been offset by another factor -- rising home prices .
" A lot of the psychology of savings is that you 're prepared for an emergency , " said economist Tim Kane with the Heritage Foundation in Washington .
" And if your house is worth 10 percent more , then you feel you 're prepared . "
Federal Reserve Board member Susan Schmidt Bies painted a sanguine picture of American spending , savings and debt in an April speech .
She conceded that household debt had grown twice as fast as after - tax income between 1999 and 2004 , helping drive down the savings rate .
But Bies noted that household net worth has soared , driven by rising home prices coupled with stock market gains .
" While analysts usually focus on the savings rate , " Bies said , " some argue that a more relevant measure of savings adequacy is ... the change in net worth .
And in this regard the picture of household savings looks more favorable . "
In a sense , the American home has become the proverbial cake that consumers can have and eat as well , optimists say .
" Consumers want to borrow , tapping the equity they have in their homes , " said Leggett , the American Bankers Association economist .
" We have really figured out a way of banking to free up illiquid assets so they have greater liquidity . "
But many economists say housing prices will , at best , flatten out , breaking the cycle of refinancing that has allowed consumers to borrow and spend .
" I 'm afraid the home equity fountain of youth is going to dry up , " said Scott Anderson , an economist with Wells Fargo .
He said Freddie Mac , the giant mortgage reseller , projects that consumers will withdraw a record $ 200 billion in cash - out financings in 2005 -- a figure that is expected to fall to $ 110 billion in 2006 as mortgage rates rise .
Anderson said real earnings gains have remained more or less flat as inflation eats up wage growth .
As the refinancing stimulus is removed , he foresees slower consumption in 2006 .
Still , he adds , " that does n't necessarily spell doom and gloom . "
Tom Schlesinger , executive director of the Financial Markets Center , a liberal Virginia think tank , is more alarmed .
Schlesinger noted that the Federal Reserve 's debt service ratio , which compares consumer debt payments to disposable income , hit records in each of the three quarters of 2005 for which data are available .
" Families continue to be heavily burdened by debt , " he said .
Amelia Warren Tyagi , who , with her mother , Harvard law Professor Elizabeth Warren , co-authored " The Two Income Trap , " said debt nowadays ensnares not just the working poor , but also middle - class families with two wage earners .
Tyagi said elevated costs for mortgages , health insurance , education and day care had eroded the purchasing power of the second paycheck .
" What 's happened to the family is that they have budgeted to the limit of those two incomes , " she said .
" If anything happens -- a job loss or an illness -- they 're stuck . "
Oakland homeowner Sue McCullough , 46 , has experienced the pitfalls of going from two incomes down to one .
In the early 1990s , she and her husband of 18 years , Don Barks , 48 , both worked in St. Louis .
They owned a fourplex , living in one unit and renting out the others .
When McCullough was laid off in 1991 , they relocated to the Bay Area .
And when she became pregnant , Barks became a stay - at - home dad .
In retrospect , McCullough , who has continued working straight through as a computer programmer , said giving up the second paycheck may have been an error .
A string of bad breaks eventually caused them to lose their property in St. Louis and file for bankruptcy in 1997 in the midst of having their second child .
" I waddled into bankruptcy court seven months pregnant , " said McCullough , who has since rebuilt the family 's credit by getting small credit cards and then a car loan .
In 2001 , the family of four was able to qualify for a mortgage on a two - bedroom bungalow in Oakland 's Lower Laurel neighborhood .
" I am really careful , as in obsessive , " said McCullough , a self - described skinflint when it comes to debt and spending .
" We hit bottom and then things started to get better . "
" It seems divorced from reality .
It is clearly nonsense to talk about inflation now : it has been negative on average for six months .
The eurozone purchasing managers ' index has fallen twice as fast as in the US , so the ECB should be acting even faster than the Fed , " he said .
Question : " If we just gave all the bailout money to taxpayers , how much would we each get ?
I 've seen $ 25,000 , $ 300,000 , $ 1 million - what 's the real answer ? " -- Miranda Marquit , Logan , Utah
$ 9,513.76 To arrive at that figure , CNNMoney.com took the total of the bank bailout , $ 700 billion , and added that to the $ 787 billion estimated cost of the stimulus bill , the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
That totals $ 1.487 trillion .
We then divide that number by 156.3 million , which was the total number of U.S. filers in 2008 .
So : $ 1.487 trillion divided by 156.3 million equals $ 9,513.76 per U.S. taxpayer .
With next week 's movie coming out , everybody 's rediscovering the awesomeness of Watchmen .
But there are tons of other mind - expanding Alan Moore comics that you should also check out .
Here are our favorites .
Advertisement
The Ballad Of Halo Jones .
Moore was writing for 2000 A.D. , Britain 's long - running science fiction adventure comic best known for its Judge Dredd feature .
Moore saw that most of England 's " IPC girl comics were heading for that last great midnight feast in the dorm , " and that 2000 A.D. had a bigger female readership than anyone realized .
So he pitched a comic about an ordinary young woman — not " another Tough Bitch With A Disintegrator And An Extra Y Chromosome " — having adventures in space in the far future .
The result is one of the most unique space operas of all time , featuring crazy adventures and silly humor and lots and lots of bleakness .
( Jones ' friends tend to drop dead on her on a regular basis , and in the final volume , she gets involved in a bloody space war . )
The whole thing is available as a single hardcover volume from Titan Books .
Advertisement
Captain Britain .
Moore started writing for Marvel Comics in the U.K. , and took Captain Britain on a tour through alternate universes .
This may be the first time that the Marvel Universe 's " normal " version of Earth is referred to as Earth 616 in comics , and it also features an evil Prime Minister of England , who wants to round up all the superheroes and put them into concentration camps .
I read these comics when they were reprinted as X - Men Archives Featuring Captain Britain a few years ago , and was amazed at how fresh and weird they still seem .
They 'll probably never be reprinted again , but those reissues can be tracked down , and there 's also a collected edition .
Also notable : Moore 's work on Marvelman , aka Miracleman , which is even harder to find these days ( and which I 've never actually read ! )
The Saga Of Swamp Thing .
Swamp
Thing was a low - selling horror comic when Moore took it over , and he transformed it into a supernatural / weird science epic that still helps to define all of DC's " mature " horror / supernatural comics , including all the Vertigo Comics line .
My favorite is still the first volume , in which Swamp
Thing discovers that he's not Alec Holland turned into a plant , after all — he 's a plant that thinks its Alec Holland , thanks to a weird chemical accident .
And he becomes the guardian of The Green , the spirit of all plant life on Earth , which is nearly usurped by the insane Jason Woodrue .
All of a sudden the Swamp Thing has , not just pathos , but also a soul and real relationships , especially with the prematurely white - haired Abby .
Advertisement
V For Vendetta .
This one , you 've probably already read — but if you have n't , you should rush out and track down a copy .
It 's a dystopian future , and England has collapsed , giving rise to a new fascist regime run by a psychopath who 's in love with his computer — literally .
So it 's up to the Guy Fawkes - masked anarchist vigilante known only as V to help topple the hateful oppressive regime , but his methods — especially his way of recruiting a successor — leave a lot to be desired .
Just as much as Watchmen , V4V is a fantastic exploration of whether the ends justify the means , and the individual 's relationship with a messed - up society .
Advertisement
Whatever Happened To The Man Of Tomorrow ?
Of all Moore 's work on DC 's main characters , this is my favorite .
( Yes , more than " The Killing Joke " or " For The Man Who Has Everything . " )
DC was winding up its Superman stories , in preparation for John Byrne 's classic reboot .
So Moore had the opportunity to write the final Superman story , in which he shows how Superman 's foes become darker and more horrifying , until finally Superman has to resort to the ultimate sanction .
Superman disappears soon afterwards , and is presumed dead , but 10 years later , a reporter investigates .
You 'll have a hard time viewing other Superman stories the same way after reading this one .
Luckily , it 's collected in a single volume along with all of Moore 's other DC Universe work — including the amazing Green Lantern short story about the aliens that do n't have any concept of light or colors .
Advertisement
1963 .
Moore ( with regular collaborators like Steve Bissette , Dave Gibbons and Rick Veitch ) put out a six - issue miniseries of pastiches of early 1960s Marvel comics , with titles like Tales From Beyond , Tomorrow Syndicate and Mystery Incorporated .
They feature made - up superheroes like Horus , and even though they claim to be stand - alone issues of different comics , they have a continuing storyline of sorts .
Plus hilarious fake ads and crazy letters to the editor .
It 's Moore at his most goofy and fun , and paying homage to superheroes instead of trying to recreate them or drag them into the " real world . "
( And it 's more fun , for my money , than Moore 's later Tom Strong 's Terrific Tales and Tomorrow Stories anthologies . )
There 's no collected edition , as far as I know , but I used to see the individual issues in the dime bins at many comic book stores .
Amazon now has them all for between $ 1.00 and $ 15.00 per issue .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission From opengraph Buy now
Advertisement
From Hell .
Moore and artist Eddie Campbell piece together all the clues about Jack The Ripper , in a huge , sprawling story of Victorian politics and Satanic rituals .
The mystery is n't who killed those women — it's why , and as the graphic novel goes on , it peels back layer after layer of Victorian society to reveal more and more twisted reasons for the violence .
The League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen .
If you 've only seen the horrendous movie , you owe it to yourself to track down the comic .
A set of famous literary figures , including Edward Hyde , Mina Harker , Allan Quartermain , the Invisible Man and Captain Nemo , team up to save the British Empire from a series of otherworldly threats .
My absolute favorite is volume two , where our heroes face off against the Martian Tripods from War Of The Worlds ... and this time it 'll take a bit more than the common cold to put those alien scumbags out of action .
As with 1963 and several other Moore works , the fake ads accompanying the comics are worth the price of admission all by themselves , and Moore also includes some amazing text pieces .
It 's a journey into retrofuturist Victoriana .
And thank goodness there 's a third full volume coming soon , after the slightly disappointing hardcover oneshot The Black Dossier .
Advertisement
Promethea .
Okay , this is blasphemy , I know — but the first 12 issues of Promethea might actually be my favorite Moore work of all time .
I 'm not saying it 's better than Watchmen , just that it holds a special place in my heart .
With Promethea , we come full circle to Halo Jones — it 's another tale of an ordinary girl in extraordinary circumstances , except this time around our heroine , Sophie Bangs , is inquisitive and curious .
She pieces together the history of Promethea and figures out her own way of turning into the heroine , which requires an individual act of creativity .
Promethea's not just your average superhero — she 's an avatar of creativity and storytelling , and she may be destined to destroy the world instead of saving it .
( In the end , it 's actually a lot more complicated , confusing and — yes — rewarding than that binary implies . )
The more Sophie discovers about magic and fables , the more powerful she gets and the closer Moore and artist J.H. Williams come to finally taking the comics medium apart altogether .
( The first two volumes are my favorites , but the rest of the series is , at the very least , fascinating and memorable . )
Oh , and did I mention it's an alternate 1999 with superheroes and weird cyberculture ?
And an android supervillain called the Painted Doll ?
Advertisement
Top 10 .
Another comic which Moore created for his America 's Best Comics imprint was Top 10 , the story of a super - powered police squad in a world where pretty much everybody has weird powers .
In contrast to Extraordinary Gentleman 's literary exploration and Promethea 's magical journey , Top 10 is mostly just hilarious wicked weird fun .
At times , it really does read like a version of Hill Street Blues set in a world of flying people and superstrong blue men .
My favorite character : the exoskeleton - wearing canine police sergeant , Caesar .
Moore gave supercop Jeff Smax his own spin - off graphic novel , and later did an amazing prequel called Top 10 : The 49ers .
It 's all pretty addictive stuff .
Science fiction writer Paul Di Filippo later did a Top 10 miniseries , which captured the inventiveness of Moore 's world pretty well but was n't quite as magnetic .
Note : I know I 'm leaving out his other big ABC series Tom Strong , which I like a lot , but not quite as much as these other series .
Feel free to protest and throw sharp objects in comments .
Children are taking weapons into school and some pupils are wearing stab - proof vests to protect themselves from becoming victims of violence , according to the first - ever report on the impact of gangs on schools .
The report , given to The Independent , said teachers at one urban comprehensive where pupils are said to be " seriously involved in gangs " were " aware of young people wearing bullet - proof / stab - proof vests in school " .
It cites one estimate that the number of pupils under 16 involved in gangs had doubled in the past five years .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The report , commissioned by the NASUWT teachers ' union and prepared by consultancy firm Perpetuity , is the first in - depth look at how youth gang culture is influencing schools .
It comes to the conclusion that children as young as nine at primary school are becoming involved with gangs – used as " runners " and " couriers " to ferry messages by older members .
" Some of the case study schools felt the problem had increased over the last few years with gangs becoming more dangerous involving children at a younger age , " the research says .
" Some schools have problems with pupils carrying weapons in school .
This can include young people who carry weapons and / or those who hide weapons in and around school grounds . "
The most common weapons teachers reported seeing were BB air pistols and batons .
In one incident a teacher saw a meat cleaver .
The report says : " Some schools have experienced the impact of gang culture and there are examples where former pupils have been killed as a result of involvement in gang - related activity .
A secondary school in a gang - affected area may have 20 seriously gang - involved pupils , 40 less seriously involved and up to 100 marginally involved . "
One pupil told researchers he was wearing body armour because of " needing to " – although attacks were more likely to take place on the way to and from school .
Children had deliberately failed tests and exams " to remain being considered ' cool ' by peers " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The report suggests several measures to lessen the impact of gang involvement , such as sending children on prison visits to see the effect of loss of liberty , and staggering times to avoid clashes with other schools .
It cautions against automatic expulsion for pupils carrying weapons – warning that this could lead to them being more exposed to the influence of gangs on the streets , adding : " Excluding troublemakers from after - school activities could negatively impact on behaviour if they commit crime due to boredom . "
Chris Keates , general secretary of the NASUWT , said : " Schools should feel free to exclude pupils if they are posing a threat to the education of other pupils .
What we need to be sure of , though , is that if they are excluded on day one , on day two there is a permanent full - time place available for them – at some specialist unit – so they do not have to be on the streets . "
The report says gang culture affects just a minority of urban - area schools .
' Weapons are brought into school – and used '
" It is only a matter of time in a school in the UK that something happens and a teacher is on the end of it . "
The speaker is a teacher at a troubled urban comprehensive which has been caught in the crossfire between rival gangs and is speaking about his fear that one day soon a teacher could be shot .
In the secondary school , which is in one of the most deprived areas of Britain , teachers regularly intervene to stop ex-pupils who are gang members coming on to the premises and causing trouble .
Sometimes , the report says , the gang members drive their cars at speed around the playground " putting staff and pupils at risk " .
The school serves a community where many local gang leaders are in prison .
Pupils at the school are being used by gangs to transport firearms and drugs for them .
" One member of staff talked in detail about under - 16s being recruited by drug - dealing gangs to deal or run [ transport ] drugs .
Others were used by older members to store weapons .
The fact that local gang leaders were famous for cars , jewellery , women , etc , drove some young people towards the lifestyle . "
Around 10 pupils at the school were " seriously " involved with gangs , up to 20 more associated with them .
Weapons recovered on the school site include knives , BB guns and sharp instruments .
However , many pupils saw school as a " safe haven " compared with the outside – even though intruders had arrived intent to injure other pupils .
" Staff in school had been injured by intruders , " the report said .
" Weapons had been brought on to site and used indiscriminately against members of staff trying to secure the school and protect individuals inside . "
A police officer had been placed on site which had reduced violent behaviour for a while .
However , a reduction in resources in that area had led to him being redeployed .
Pilots using small roads as air fields in Walikale , Congo .
December 29 , 2008
A New Fleet of Spacecraft
NASA is developing spacecraft to replace its aging shuttle fleet and return astronauts to the Moon by 2020 .
The first spacecraft in the Constellation program is expected to be launched in 2015 , five years after the scheduled end of the shuttle program .
Related Article
昨日の投稿で次のように書いた。
これって、良く考えてみると、結構怖い。友人*1から「SDカード使わなくなったからあげるよ」と言われ、使い始めたSDカードがEye-Fi Shareで、公衆無線LANなどから自動的にあるサイトに撮る写真が次から次へとアップロードされていたとしたら。
Eye - Fi Shareはそのような目的のものではないので、多少使いにくいが、もし悪用するために作られた無線LAN機能付きSDカードだったら、電源が入っているときには、常にアクセスフリーな無線LANアクセスポイントを検出を試み、インターネットに接続できるようになったら、あらかじめ設定されたサイトに写真をアップロードすることもできるはずだ。
マイク ロSDカードだったら、もっと効果的だ。
USB メモリは価格も安くなったし、ちょっとしたギフトに使われることもある。企業のノベルティグッズとしても人気だ。このUSBメモリに同じ機能をつけたらどうだろう。USBメモリの場合は、写真よりももっとバラエティに富んだデータが取得できる。そのままP2Pファイル共有ネットワークに放流してもおもしろいだろう。
なんでこんなことを考えているかというと、このようなリムーバブルメディアは容量が大きいため、大容量もしくは大量のデータが保存される傾向にあり、いきおい重要なデータが保存されやすい。リムーバブルメディア経由でウィルスに感染し、重要なデータが被害を受けたりすることが多いのは周知の通りだ。さらには小型デバイス/メディアであることから、ディスプレイなどの出力装置を保持していないため、見えないところで何をされていてもわからない。
「 無線＋（ディスプレイを持たない）小型メディア」というのは悪意を持って作ることができれば、かなりのことができそうだ。USBメモリ＋WiFi Finderというのはすでにあるようだし。
1 Melounovy Festival
From 2006 , the Melounovy Festival in the Czech Republic , reunites some of the best watermelon artists from around the world every year .
We ’ve selected some of their finest works below .
2 Takashi Itoh ’s Watermelons
Japanese artist Takashi Itoh taught himself to carve watermelons on 2001 .
Since then , he has been creating some of the best figures we ’ve seen , take a look .
MELBOURNE , Australia -- Rafael Nadal thwarted tennis history on Sunday while opening a new chapter of his own .
Nadal won his sixth Grand Slam tournament and first in Melbourne , keeping Roger Federer from claiming a record - tying 14th major with a five - set triumph at Rod Laver Arena .
Nadal beat Federer 7 - 5 , 3 - 6 , 7 - 6 ( 3 ) , 3 - 6 , 6 - 2 in a nearly four - and - a - half hour match .
It lasted well past midnight locally into a simmering Monday morning in this southeast Australian metropolis .
Federer could n't hold back tears at the trophy presentation .
" Maybe I 'll try later .
God , it 's killing me , " the 27 - year - old Swiss star said , sobbing .
He returned to congratulate Nadal within minutes , saying : " You deserved it .
You played a fantastic final . "
Rafael Nadal 's five - set triumph on Sunday put Roger Federer 's quest for a record - tying 14th Grand Slam title on hold .
AP Photo / Andrew Brownbill
Nadal collected the trophy and put his arm around Federer .
" Roger , sorry for today .
I really know how you feel right now , " Nadal said .
" Remember , you 're a great champion , you 're one of the best in history . "
He accepted the cup from Rod Laver , who was in Australia to mark the start of the 40th anniversary of the last career Grand Slam season .
" To receive this trophy from Rod Laver is a dream for me , " Nadal said .
Federer , who fell to Nadal for the third straight time in a Grand Slam final after French Open and Wimbledon losses last year , turned in a routine service game to open the fifth set .
But the Spaniard responded with four straight wins en route to taking the championship .
Federer saved two championship points from 15 - 40 in the set 's eighth game but sent a forehand long on the third match point .
Nadal flopped onto his back , then got up and raced to shake hands .
The players put their arms around the other 's shoulders at the net as they walked off the court .
Drenched in sweat , Nadal raised his fist , applauded the crowd 's standing ovation , then went over to shake hands with his coach and other supporters .
Federer had a straight - sets win over Andy Roddick the previous night , but said the difference in preparation had no influence on the final .
He said the fact he'd missed the Pete Sampras record at a tournament he's won three times did n't make the loss any worse or easier to take .
" Honestly , no , " he said .
" I mean , it 's more like , in the first moment you 're disappointed , you 're shocked , you 're sad , you know , then all of a sudden it overwhelms you .
" The problem is you can't go in the locker room and just take it easy and take a cold shower .
You 're stuck out there .
It 's the worst feeling .
... it 's rough . "
Federer , so dominant when he won three of the four majors in 2006 and 2007 , has now lost finals on three different surfaces to Nadal .
He has n't given up hope of beating the 22 - year - old .
" For sure , " he said .
" I did n't spend 4 1 / 4 hours out there [ not ] believing it . "
Nadal said his leg started to hurt
during the third set and he called for a trainer to help him
out .
" I ended the match against [ Fernando ]
Verdasco with the right leg , the
quadriceps and hamstring very tight , " Nadal said .
" In the third set it started to [ hurt ] ...
I was n't cramping
but it was scary . "
Nadal asked the trainer to massage his leg during the change
of ends but was reluctant to call for a medical timeout in case
he needed it later in the match .
The powerful left - hander said the pain never subsided .
" I was a little bit tired .
I was little bit worried about my
physical performance because [ when ]
I trained , it was tough to
keep up the concentration , " Nadal said .
" I spoke with my coach before the match and he told me to go
out there and fight all the time and believe in the victory . "
Although Federer actually won one more point -- 174-173 -- his serve let him down all too frequently .
He connected on only 51 percent of his first serves , and it seemed as if all of his six double - faults came at critical times .
Rafael Nadal won his sixth Grand Slam trophy , beating Roger Federer for the third straight time in a major final .
Mark Dadswell / Getty Images
And as the pressure ratcheted up in the fifth set , it was Federer who wilted , not Nadal .
Federer had six winners and 14 unforced errors in the set , while Nadal had just two unforced errors and dropped only three points in four service games .
Federer kept
alive his hopes when
he matched Nadal at two - sets all .
Federer blazed through the fourth set , breaking the world
No. 1 to seal it 6 - 3 before Nadal dominated the fifth .
Nadal had snatched a 7 - 5 , 3 - 6 , 7 - 6 lead after taking the third
set tiebreak 7 - 3 when Federer double - faulted after more than
three hours on court .
The Swiss second seed , however , rocketed through the fourth
set in 44 minutes to send the men's final into a decider for the
first time since 1988 .
He had broken Nadal in the second game of the fourth set to
take a 2 - 0 lead before the Spaniard fought back to level it at
2 - 2 .
Federer , however , managed to save five break points in an
astonishing fifth game , when both players produced outrageous
winners from improbable angles .
Staving off Nadal added to Federer 's confidence and he
immediately broke in the next game to take a 4 - 3 lead .
The Swiss served out for the set when Nadal was unable to
return a wide serve on set point .
Nadal , showing no signs of fatigue despite his 5 hour , 14
minute victory over compatriot Verdasco in the
semifinals , sealed the first set after an enthralling tussle
that highlighted the burgeoning gap between the pair and the
rest of the men's field .
While Federer overhit two backhands that ballooned past
the baseline to give Nadal the early break , he rectified the
problem in the next game , holding three break points as the pair
engaged in an intense baseline battle .
Nadal 's salacious topspin forehands were negated by
Federer 's returns that allowed the Swiss to break back .
They both held serve until the sixth game before Federer
slammed a forehand return off Nadal 's second serve past the flat
footed Spaniard to seal his second break of the set .
But Nadal would not let up and an audacious angled
backhand cornered Federer , who double faulted on break point
in the next game .
Nadal earned two further break points in the 11th game and
capitalized by conjuring a topspin forehand pass that left the
Swiss flatfooted at the net .
Nadal withstood a challenge from Federer on his serve to
seal the first set with a forehand winner .
In the second set , Federer , was first to crack when he
mistimed a forehand over the baseline to drop his serve .
The 13 - times Grand Slam winner , however , broke straight back
to level at 3 - 3 .
Federer , seemingly aware he had to exploit what few
opportunities he had before Nadal took over in the fifth set , piled on the pressure in the eighth game
and finally took it on his fifth break point when Nadal's
backhand smacked into the top of the net .
Federer levelled the match after Nadal 's forehand return
sailed well past the baseline .
Federer had numerous chances to take the third set but each
time he let Nadal off the hook .
The Swiss squandered three break points in the ninth game of
the third set to hand Nadal a 5 - 4 lead .
After levelling for 5 - 5 , Federer held three more break
points in the 11th game but the Spaniard produced some battling
tennis to dig himself out of a hole .
The Swiss held to send the match into the tiebreak .
While Nadal lost the first point on his serve , it was the
only time he seemed under pressure in the tiebreak and he
clinched it when Federer 's second serve on set point bounced
long .
It was the first men's final to go to five sets since Mats Wilander beat Pat Cash in 1988 , the first at Melbourne Park .
Information from Reuters and The Associated Press was used in this report .
Willie Aames Suicide Attempt
, 48 , opens up about his Thanksgiving Day suicide attempt after filing bankruptcy , having his car repossessed and his wife of 22 years , , asking for a divorce .
The former child star from Eight is Enough and Charles in Charge had been sober for 20 years when he left his Kansas home depressed and shaken , and rented a room in Los Angeles from a friend , stealing a bottle of Jack Daniels .
Aames was also taking antidepressants and anti-anxiety medication when he put a knife to his throat and cut himself in six places .
After he was taken to the USC psych ward in L.A. , a doctor told him that " most people were there because they 'd either lost a job , a family member or relocated , " Willie tells Star magazine .
" I was there for of all those . "
Since the suicide attempt last year , Aames has been trying to get his life back on track .
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Everything is very simple .
Print , xero , glue tape on top , cut out , soak and remove the paper , dry it .
And it will be ready .
You need only to glue it in the book , the pen on the package .
Genius ? )
Welcome to Zosap.com
The Virtual One - stop - shop of Internet Marketing and Website Promotion Solutions
Established in 2003 , Zosap Internet Marketing Solution , as the name suggests , is highly - regarded globally to be the champion of digital interactive marketing and website popularity services .
Our solid industry experience , unrivaled expertise , painstaking R&D background , sparkling innovations , exceptional quality and moderate prices have always helped us stand taller than the rest of the bunch .
Our encyclopedic range of ‘ manual ’ offerings includes Directory Submission , Article Writing and Submission , Social Bookmarking Press Release , Quality and Relevant .
One Way Link Generation and many more SEO services .
Our solutions are designed for the customers of all sizes and shapes , in every corner of the world .
Olbermann : ' It may be time for Mr. Cheney to leave this country ' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday February 5 , 2009
Print This Email This To MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann , the former vice president just needs to go away .
In an interview with Politico published on Wednesday , former vice president Dick Cheney defended the Bush administration 's use of torture and warrantless surveillance and suggested that unless the Obama administration maintains these policies , it risks a new " 9/11 - type event " that could " involve the deaths of perhaps hundreds of thousands of people . "
On Thursday night , the Countdown newsman took Cheney to task for his words .
" Flatly , it may be time for Mr. Cheney to leave this country , " he said .
" The partisanship and divisiveness he ascribed his and President Bush 's delusional policies of the last eight years that have roared forth from Mr. Cheney can only serve to undermine the nation 's new president . "
The anchor 's sentiment was echoed at the confirmation hearing of Leon Panetta , former White House Chief of Staff and President Obama 's nominee to lead the CIA .
" I was disappointed by those comments , because the implication is that somehow this country is more vulnerable to attack because the president of the United States wants to abide by the law and the Constitution , " said Panetta .
" I think were a stronger nation when we abide by the law and the Constitution . "
" It is time for you to desist or to be made to desist , " said Olbermann .
" With damnable words you protect no American , you serve no American and you aid and abet those who would destroy this nation from within or without .
" ... Depart , I say , and let us have done with you .
In the name of God , go ! "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Feb. 5 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
But as the clock ticked down to zero , the U.S. team was scrambling to deal with a slight glitch : the field kitchen was throwing off so much steam that water had begun to condense on the inside of the tent and rain back down on the food .
“ Can we get something plastic ? ” shouted Army Sergeant Matthew Flemister .
“ It ’s dripping right on our plates ! ” Toward the back of the tent , Army Specialist Valine Vukich , a petite , tattooed former sous - chef from Chicago , was busy wiping spoiled chocolate motifs off pristine Villeroy & Boch china and reapplying them with a pastry bag , all the while darting watchful glances at a chocolate mousse in danger of congealing .
This year ’s team was selected through an Army - sponsored competition that any active - duty military chef can enter .
Held annually in Fort Lee , Virginia , it ’s the largest military culinary competition in America .
The Army sees it , and the team it produces , as a morale boost for soldiers , whose meals benefit from the skills the Army ’s chefs pick up in training .
The Culinary Arts Team is also a draw for potential recruits : enlisted chefs can use their Army training to find jobs as everything from gourmet chefs and caterers to ice sculptors when they muster out .
Sending the team to civilian competitions in the U.S. and abroad is also a PR effort , targeted with a sniper ’s accuracy : the Culinary Olympics attracts some of the restaurant world ’s top civilian talent .
“ It ’s important to show all these other chefs that military chefs can really shake and bake , ” said Army Chief Warrant Officer4 Robert Sparks , the team ’s manager and a veteran of four previous Culinary Olympics .
This year at Erfurt , the Americans came in second to the Swiss , outscoring eight other countries .
( The Hungarians came in sixth . )
For some team members , the outcome represented a vindication of sorts .
“ I ’m trying to beat the stereotype of can - to - pan cooking , ” said Petty Officer Second Class Edward Fuchs , who usually cooks for 50 sailors on a Coast Guard cutter based in Cheboygan , Michigan , as he watched his teammates garnish their appetizers with whale - tail - shaped crackers .
“ We ’re all issued more than a can opener and a box cutter . ”
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Written by Anthony
Final Fantasy XIII , the game that feels like will never have a real release date , appears to be getting closer to that goal .
More characters have been revealed bringing the total to 7 known characters at this point .
Joining Lightning , Snow Villiers , Sazh and Serah , will be Rebro , the dark haired woman , Gadou , the red headed Wakka wanna - be , and Marquis , the blonde dude with goggles .
That ’s quite the eccentric cast , which is the norm for a Final Fantasy .
No word yet as to how they fit into the story line , but word is that they will be playable in the much - anticipated FFXIII demo .
If you still have n’t preordered FFVII : Advent Children Complete Blu- Ray to get your copy of the FFXIII demo , then click here for the most reliable gaming import site on the web .
Pre-order now !
[ Source ]
As the second most highly purchased beverage in the nation , bottled water ranks right behind soft drinks .
But new research shows the energy costs of bottled water are extraordinarily high .
A report recently published in Environmental Research Letters takes a rigorous look at the power required to deliver bottled water from source to shelf .
Authored by Peter H. Gleick and Heather Cooley of the Pacific Institute , the report is one the first peer - reviewed papers to examine the connection between energy and bottled water .
It determines that the most significant energy costs have little to do with the water itself .
While bottled water is at least 2000 times more energy - intensive than tap water , much of the power needed to produce the commodity comes from the process used to make the plastic bottles .
Also significant is the energy required to transport them long distances — from as far as France or Fiji to the United States .
According to Gleick and Cooley these costs indicate a seldom considered environmental threat , a threat that promises to impact an increasingly energy - conscious economy .
Their analysis indicates that already one third of a percent of the energy the U.S. uses in a year can be linked back to bottled water production .
Triple this for a global figure .
“ With the U.S. consumption of bottled water exceeding 33 billion liters a year , and with intensifying efforts to reduce energy use and greenhouse gas emissions , ” Cooley said , “ these data should help identify ways to reduce the energy costs of bottled water and may help consumers themselves make more environmentally sustainable choices . ”
“ In the growing debate about environmental impacts of agriculture there ’s a growing movement to eat locally , ” Gleick points out .
“ This study suggests that maybe we ought to be drinking locally . ”
Read the full analysis here .
The Credit Crunch Lab Iceland 's Warning to the World
First came the financial crisis , then the uproar : Iceland is the first European country to suffer the full effects of the global financial crisis .
Is this a taste of what 's in store for the rest of the world ?
Von Ralf Hoppe
America ’s transition to over - the - air digital television signals , which netted the government $ 19 billion in a wireless spectrum auction , was doomed from the start , thanks to a flawed voucher program and a time frame that left the country stranded between administrations .
In January , close to two million people were stuck on the waiting list for $ 40 coupons that only cover part of the cost of a digital television converter .
The converters make new over - the - air digital signals watchable on analog televisions , expire after ninety days , and originally could not be sent to anyone with a P.O. box or nursing home address .
Recently sworn - in President Barack Obama urged Congress to delay the digital television transition originally scheduled for February 17 until June 12 , and Congress complied , costing taxpayers another $ 650 million as part of the stimulus bill , which will be spent on staffing FCC call centers and outreach programs to help Americans weather a transition most were prepared for .
" It ’s hard not to be cynical about this , but if you look at the glacial pace with which the federal government has moved in all things concerning the transition , we were immediately concerned as soon as it was clear that the coupon program was unable to process coupons , " said Joel Kelsey of the Consumers Union , publisher of Consumer Reports .
" The largest problem with the transition , and the best argument for delay , was that the coupon program failed consumers when they needed it most . "
This failed voucher program , which will cost taxpayers $ 1.99
billion instead of $ 1.34 billion , could not keep up with demand .
Awareness was not the issue .
Traffic to the DTV transition website peaked during the week ending January 3 , according to Hitwise .
And although the FCC hired an extra 4,265 people to field calls to 1 - 888 - CALL - FCC , only 25,000 people called those centers on February 18 , when 421 television stations stopped broadcasting analog signals , according to the National Association of Broadcasters .
" These findings from local stations , coupled with the FCC data , paint the picture that by and large TV households affected in those markets were ready , " stated NAB digital television transition vice president
Jonathan Collegio .
" A relatively small percentage of viewers so far have needed assistance . "
People knew about the February 17th date because local stations had been alerting them to that fact for about a year , as required .
" There ’s no way to quantify the time and the cost of the [ messaging ]
crawls [ across the bottom of the screen ] , " said Dean Ditmer , station manager of WKEF in Dayton , Ohio , whose application to cease analog transmission on February 17 as planned was denied .
" It ’s in the probably billions of dollars across the country in terms of what an advertiser would have had to pay .
" No one can afford that kind of advertising . "
Indeed .
Among the extra $ 650 million dollars the delay will cost taxpayers , there ’s no allowance for stations that have to pay an average of
$ 40,000 to keep broadcasting in analog , or for companies that paid $ 19
billion for spectrum they were supposed to get four months earlier .
Plus , the $ 40 vouchers only cover about two thirds of the cost of a converter box : $ 60 - $ 80 at big box retail stores or $ 40 - $ 80 plus shipping and handling online .
Considering that the government made $ 19 billion auctioning public spectrum to private companies , many wonder why the voucher program was not managed properly .
" Millions of people across America would lose access to essential news and information , and the federal government , that mandated this transition , was asking them to pay for something they once got for free , " said Kelsey .
" Meanwhile , they and businesses across the nation were making money , making profit off of this transition .
This is something that consumers did n’t ask for , but they are being asked to pay for it . "
After three years of preparation , $ 1.34 billion in government spending , plus another billion or so in free advertising from local stations , diligent consumers who were trying to get the coupons six weeks before the February 17th transition date could not receive these insufficient $ 40 vouchers , and an estimated seven million Americans were still unprepared for digital television , due to sloppy oversight .
After the DTV Delay Act was signed , 421 local television stations ( Excel ) applied to the FCC to stick with the original February date , approximately 75 percent of those applications were approved .
The remaining 25 percent were denied because the FCC insists that at least one major network affiliate in each local area keep broadcasting local news and emergency information , while others broadcast a " nightlight " video informing holdouts about the transition , during the four months leading up to the new June 12 date .
Which brings us back to the failed voucher program — the main reason for the delay .
Why did n’t the NTIA make the voucher cover the whole cost of a converter box ?
" That ’s a fantastic question , " said Kelsey .
" Or why did n’t they just put out a request for proposals to manufacturers , and give everyone a converter box . "
Making matters worse , the 2005 act set the original transition date for
February 2009 — precisely when the FCC and other governmental agencies change hands — making a quick reaction to the crisis all but impossible .
" In the midst of it , the administration , rightly , was coming in and saying , ‘ Look , we ’re going to have to deal with this giant transition that we ’ve been handed in the first twenty days of our administration , and we ’re looking at potentially tens of millions of people losing access to their television and emergency news and information , and that ’s not a situation we want to find ourselves in , ’ " said Kelsey .
This additional factor added to the need for this expensive delay .
" Why the hell – excuse me – why in 2005 did they decide February 17th was a good time for this transition ? "
See Also :
( Update : This story originally stated that 28,000 people called FCC call centers on February 18 ; we replaced that with the FCC ’s figure , 25,000 . )
Photo : MightyBoyBrian
I just received a distressing email from Barbara Forrest , a tireless fighter against creationism in Louisiana .
It 's distressing because it shows that the actions of the increasingly antiscience government of Louisiana are having repercussions .
The Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology ( SICB ) , a scientific society with over 2000 members , has chosen to boycott Louisiana for their annual conference because , basically , their creationist governor and legislature want to make sure kids in their state grow up without a basic scientific education .
Last year , the Louisiana government overwhelmingly voted to allow creationist materials to be used in the classroom , a clear violation of the First Amendment and an incredibly foolish decision with regards to children 's education .
I wrote about it quite a bit at the time ( here is when it was signed into law , as well as here , here , and most recently here ) .
Well , their chickens are starting to come back to roost .
At the time , Governor ( and amateur exorcist ) Jindal was warned that putting a jack - booted heel to the neck of science would not be without ramifications .
And now the SICB wo n't have their conference in New Orleans , and they have specifically cited the actions of Jindal and the Legislature as the key part of their decision .
They have even gone as far as to say that the conference -- with nearly 2000 attending -- will be in Utah instead , where science is held in higher regard .
That can't have been an easy decision for the society ; New Orleans is a city that needs money , and holding a fair - sized conference there would help .
But I understand their decision .
Jindal and the creationists in the Louisiana government are essentially holding the educations of their students hostage , so scientists and everyone in the reality - based community need to take action .
It 's one thing to make your voice heard , but it 's another to speak with your wallet .
Holding the conference in Louisiana would be tacitly acquiescing to the fundamentalists running the state .
I think this was the right decision , and I urge anyone who is considering running a science - based event to seriously consider states that hold science in higher regard .
I hope that Louisiana teachers , parents , and students rise up and let their representatives know how they feel about science .
I would hate to see the students suffer because of this , but the politicians in that state have already guaranteed that will happen .
The LA Coalition for Science has released a statement to the press about this as well .
It makes me physically ill that the science education of these children has been put into this position by the creationists , forcing the hand of the SICB .
But the larger issue at stake here is the future of science itself in Louisiana as well as other states , a future Jindal and the other creationists are trying to choke out of existence .
Criminalizing dissent ?
RNC protesters face felony terrorism charges David Edwards
Published : Thursday February 19 , 2009
Print This Email This Democracy Now's Amy Goodman talked to Luce Guillen - Givins who is one of the first people ever to be charged under the 2002 Minnesota version of the federal PATRIOT Act .
Guillen - Givins and 7 other members of the group RNC Welcoming Committee  also known as the " RNC 8 "  were formally charged with conspiracy to riot in furtherance of terrorism .
However , criminal complaints filed reportedly do not allege that members of the RNC 8 personally engaged in any act of violence or damage to property .
" Instead , authorities are seeking to hold the eight defendants responsible for acts committed by other individuals during the opening days of the Republican National Convention , " reports Democracy Now .
" I think the significance is that this is one more step in the process of criminalizing dissent , " Guillen - Givins .
" It 's the fact that we do have a right to protest .
Any prosecution under a PATRIOT Act or any similar legislation infringes on those rights . "
A full transcript of Amy Goodman 's interview with Luce Guillen - Givins is available here .
This video is from Link TV's Democracy Now , broadcast Feb. 18 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
[ social_buttons ]
Anti-whaling activists aboard the Sea Shepherd vessel ‘ Steve Irwin ’ have covered a whaling ship with a smelly cocktail of rotten butter , methyl cellulose and indelible dye .
The unconventional sliming operation was carried out in a bid to intimidate the Japanese whaler , Kaiko Maru , into moving out of Australian Antarctic territorial waters .
According to Peter Hammarstedt , the Sea Shepherd ’s second officer , “ this is one stinky , slippery ship . ”
Activists claim the Kaiko Maru is hunting whales in the so called Australian Economic Exclusion Zone ( AEEZ ) , in contravention of an Australian Federal Court Order specifically excluding all such activities .
Speaking about the protest , Steve Irwin Captain Paul Watson said , “ Our objective now is to chase them out of Australia ’s Economic Exclusion Zone .
I have a chart here and it clearly states that these waters are Australian EEZ .
There is an Australian Federal Court Order specifically prohibiting these ships from whaling in these waters .
We have informed the whalers they are in contempt of this Court ruling . ”
According to the Sea Shepherd press release , the crew have been pursuing the whaling fleet eastward for a week in a desperate game of cat - and - mouse in the frozen Southern Ocean .
It can only be hoped that , as a result of the action , crew aboard the Japanese Vessel will smell the winds of change in public opinion on this issue and spead their sails in a hasty retreat home .
Looking for more on Sea Shepherd ?
Check out some related posts :
Image Credits – Eric Cheng / Sea Shepherd
Just how many worthless things can one man profit from ?
Sure , the 2010 Super Bowl looks like it oughta be a nail - biting classic , but what if it 's not ?
Start in on the proposition betting — wagers on just about anything but the actual outcome — and you wo n't have merely the ads to get excited about .
Only this year , forget that random safety and who scores the first TD — gambling gets much goofier with off - the - field props ( What color top will Kim Kardashian wear ? ) and cross-sport action ( Will LeBron outscore the Saints ? ) .
We asked two top wise guys — Bodog.com 's Richard Gardner and Las Vegas Hilton bookmaker Jay " King of Props " Kornegay — to parse the odds ( as of early Wednesday ) behind the weirdest of wagers .
Now it 's a renter 's market , too .
As the housing downturn deepens , rental rates are falling in many major U.S. cities , including New York and Los Angeles , and tenants are finding they have greater leeway to renegotiate their leases .
Early in the housing crisis , former homeowners were starting to rent again , supporting demand for rentals .
Now , ...
Modern speakers and creative sound systems from all over the world .
Modal Speakers
Created by Japanese designer Kunihiro Tsuji , a single Modal speaker is able to deliver ambient sound due to the vertical sound emission .
X-mini iHome Capsule Speaker
Just pop open the capsule and extend the speaker – this opens the resonance chamber and increases bass response .
At full charge , the speaker can run for nearly 8 hours .
Boom Box Speakers
“ Fold it yourself ” mini Boom Box stereo for your iPod or other MP3 player .
Complete with real , fully working and amplified speakers .
Munny Speakers
Learn how to create your own Munny speakers out of a vinyl doll .
500XL Speakers
Sometimes bigger IS really better , especially when it comes to sound .
These speakers are 500 times the size of the original iPod earbuds .
Speech Bubble Speak-er
Speak -er are high - qualtiy multimedia speakers that plug directly into your computer or MP3 player .
Wireless Freewheeler Speaker
Simply plug in your audio source into the included transmitter and roll the Freewheeler around your house , it will play your tunes remotely .
Sonicum Speaker System
Sonicum is a 3 - piece speaker subwoofer set .
It can be connected to the line - in port of any audio source , such as a CD player , a computer , or a synthesizer .
Rithm Speakers
Danish company Davone ’s Rithm speaker combines top-quality sound with a parabolic work of art .
Speaker Buddies
Speaker Buddies are designed to work in pairs .
They can be placed in any environment and as they are lightweight they can be moved with little effort .
Apple Shaped Speakers
Creative apple shaped digital USB Laptop speakers .
Zeppelin iPod Speaker System
Zeppelin is an integrated iPod speaker system from Bowers & Wilkins , the makers of the speakers that much of the music on your iPod will have been made using .
iH15W Color Changing Stereo System
Two Reson8 speakers and a passive subwoofer provide enhanced audio sound and give life to every song .
Select your favorite color or let the color cycle set the scene .
Turntable Speaker Mixer
Mix it up !
Tiny turntable - style speaker allows you to not only amplify your music , but let ’s you scratch ( ie – add fun preprogrammed sound effects to your jams ) as well .
Egg Speakers
Creative egg - shaped speakers allow you to wobble them like a Weeble while you listen to your tunes .
USB Hub Card Reader Speakers
Multifunction at its best , a 3 - 1 USB hub , card reader and egg shaped speakers .
Dutch Dead Bbudd Speaker System
Dead Bbudd speaker system looks like some sort of naugahyde - wrapped dude with his eyes X’d out .
The speakers are embedded into his feet , pumping out the tunes as he sits on your desk .
360° Speaker Concept
A true , object - based surround experience .
The speaker cones are internally attached to a spider - like structure which is invisible from the outside .
Ceramic Paper Speakers
Thin paper ceramic loudspeakers made from discarded musical scores and clay .
The ceramic columns amplify sound from your strategically placed earbuds to broadcast music like regular speakers would .
Yorozu Audio Sound Revolution Kit
The Yorozu Audio kit lets you use just about anything as a speaker !
Starting with the included paper milk carton “ speaker ” , all you do is place the vibrating extension onto a surface with the included adhesive sheets , plug in your audio source , and have an instant audio speaker .
Pea Speaker Concept
The Pea Speaker system is bound to be costly , incurring damages from being tossed around , but that ’s what designer Lu Le wants – a playful way to share music .
Each pod holds 7 wireless bluetooth speakers .
Reppo II is a hardshell boombox backpack with integrated speakers and high quality digital amplifier .
JVC Sound Garden Concept
“ Kirikabu ” speaker combines your choice of potted plants with multi-directional speakers consisting of a woofer , and left / right - channel stereo speakers powered by an internal amplifier .
BeoLab 4 Speakers
Perfect for PC speaker applications , as well as smaller rooms in need of a less dominating speaker size .
iH85B iPod Speaker
Water - resistant iPod speaker that connects to your bike ’s frame .
Handlebar mounted remote control allows for safe cycling while listening to your tunes .
Sony Rolly Sound Entertainment Player
Despite its small size and light weight , Rolly produces surprisingly clear sound .
With 180 - degree horizontal opposed stereo speakers , listeners can enjoy high sound quality from nearly anywhere .
Waterproof iPod Speakers
Taiwanese design company Nova has come up with a waterproof speaker system for iPod that looks like a tube of shower gel .
Also check out : Beach Towel with Speakers
Move over , Brangelina and your $ 14 - million twins .
There are some new babies in town .
Whittier mother Nadya Suleman and her eight week - old babies are entertaining offers from media outlets around the world as they decide who will land the first interview and snap the first pictures .
Suleman -- a 33 - year - old unmarried mother who already has six children between the ages of 2 and 7 , including a set of twins -- remained hospitalized Monday along with the octuplets , who continue to improve .
Doctors at Kaiser Permanente ’s Bellflower Medical Center said the babies are growing stronger each day and are breathing unassisted and feeding on donated breast milk .
Suleman retained Los Angeles publicists Michael Furtney and Joann Killeen on Friday and since then , the agents said they had fielded dozens of interview requests and offers for book , film and television deals .
Some media reports have speculated that Suleman might be paid as much as $ 2 million for an interview , but Furtney said , “ The money itself is not the object . ”
Advertisement
“ She has her view of her life with her kids as they go down life ’s highway , ” he said .
“ She wants to be sure they are well cared for . ”
The birth of the babies sparked worldwide interest last week , interest that grew as more details about Suleman emerged , including news that she is not married , lives with her parents and already had six children .
She was married in 1996 and separated from her husband in 2000 before any of her children were born .
Their divorce was not finalized until January 2008 , according to court records .
Even though many people have inundated blogs and Internet message boards with messages criticizing Suleman , Furtney said the public will be persuaded that “ she is a very good person and someone they should support ” after they learn more about her .
He described her as “ very bright ” with a “ great sense of humor . ”
Advertisement
“ She has a great attitude about all of this , which is remarkable , ” Furtney said .
He declined to answer questions about the sperm donor or where she sought fertility treatment .
Her 15 minutes of fame might be fleeting .
Diaper makers might donate products in exchange for a positive press mention , but longer - term sponsorship is unlikely , said William Chipps , senior editor of the IEG Sponsorship Report , which tracks and analyzes sponsorships .
“ Given the current marketing environment -- where companies are pulling back on budgets -- the last thing they would do is align with any personality that has a hint of controversy surrounding them , ” Chipps said .
Advertisement
But for now , Kaiser in Bellflower is still being deluged with calls , e-mail and letters , including about 200 media inquiries a day from as far as New Zealand and London , officials said .
A country music station in Grand Rapids , Mich. , also called the hospital seeking an interview with one of the doctors .
Several dozen gift baskets full of eight items for the babies arrived at the hospital , as well as enough flowers to fill a florist shop .
Nannies , baby photographers and breast - feeding women called to offer free services and support .
A woman from Peoria , Ill. , wanted to send eight hand - knit blankets .
One mother of triplets even called to offer advice , said Socorro Serrano , Kaiser ’s media manager .
She said to expect judgment and unkind words , but to “ hang in there . ”
Advertisement
But that mother was more the exception than the rule , Serrano said .
Many callers expressed outrage , demanding an explanation about who was going to care for the children and pay for their care .
“ In the first few days we got calls like ‘ How dare you do this ? ’ and ‘ You should have your [ medical ] license revoked , ’ ” Serrano said .
There were even those few who wished the babies would not survive , Serrano said .
--
jessica.garrison@latimes.com
Advertisement
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
Times staff writers Catherine Ho , Kimi Yoshino and Alan Zarembo contributed to this report .
HILLSBORO - A Forest Grove man who buried his daughter 's dog alive was sentenced Tuesday to 120 days in jail on one count of misdemeanor animal abuse .
Hyrum Long , 75 , said he was trying to euthanize the dog last October when he hit it on the head with a hammer and buried it up to its neck .
" It was not my intent to hurt nobody , " he said .
" I apologize for all I did .
I have no animosity towards nobody .
" Police were called to Long 's home on the 2200 block of Laurel Street last October after neighbors heard the dog , a yellow Labrador named Molly , barking and whimpering in the backyard .
They found Molly buried up to her neck and bleeding , unable to move .
Long said the dog was sick , and since he could not afford a veterinarian , he struck her head with a hammer and dug a grave for her .
When the ground became too hard to dig deeper , he buried Molly 's body and rested her head on a cushion above ground .
Then he went to dinner with his daughter at a Chinese restaurant .
He returned to find the police at his house .
Long told them he thought the dog was dead , and asked police to shoot her .
The police officers present refused .
Molly was taken to an Oregon Humane Society facility , which determined that she was beyond saving and put her down .
Veterinarians there found that Molly showed signs of long - term malnutrition and had not eaten for four to five days at the time of her death .
In addition , she was suffering from a skin disease that had been left untreated for at least a year .
" There 's no disputing that the case , on its face , is horrific , " said Long 's defense attorney , Donald J. Watt , who explained that Long grew up at a time when pet owners euthanized their animals without veterinarians .
" That 's what was done in those days , " he said .
" He is not an evil person .
He did something that he felt needed to be done . "
Watt requested that Long , who pleaded guilty to animal abuse in January , be sentenced to community service instead of jail time so that he could spend time with his wife , who is in poor health .
He added that Long has received angry letters and death threats .
Long 's daughter , Susan Johnson , was sentenced in December to 90 days in jail for animal neglect .
Judge Rick Knapp called the situation " appalling " and sentenced Long to 120 days in jail , with two years of formal probation and 100 hours of community service to follow .
In addition , Long was forbidden to own , control or possess any animals .
" I would not empathize with anything about your situation at all , " he told Long .
" What you did was monstrous and barbaric . "
-- Megan Crepeau ; megancrepeau@news.oregonian.com
CLARENCE CENTER , New York ( CNN ) --
The pilots of a commuter airliner that crashed late Thursday about 6 miles from a Buffalo , New York , airport discussed " significant ice buildup " on the plane 's wings and windshields before the plane plunged to the ground , killing 50 .
Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash .
more photos »
Continental Connection Flight 3407 was en route from Newark , New Jersey , to Buffalo Niagara International Airport when it went down about 10:20 p.m. ET Thursday .
Preliminary information recovered from the flight 's cockpit voice and data recorders indicated that the plane underwent " severe " pitching and rolling motions after the landing gear was lowered and wing flaps were set for the approach , Steve Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board said Friday afternoon .
" The crew discussed significant ice buildup , ice on the windshield and leading edge of the wings , " Chealander said .
" The crew attempted to raise the gear and [ reset ] flaps shortly before the recordings ended , " he said .
iReport.com : Are you there ?
Let us know
The plane crashed into a home in Buffalo , killing all 49 people aboard and one person on the ground .
Firefighters brought under control a blaze at the crash site on Friday , blaming a natural gas leak for the fire 's persistence .
Two occupants of the house survived -- a woman and her daughter -- and were released from a hospital after treatment for minor injuries , authorities said .
Read about the escape
The first sign the air traffic controllers had of trouble was when Flight 3407 went off the radar .
Before that , it had been business as usual .
The first officer , who was the co-pilot , had no sign of stress in her voice as she talked with air traffic control .
The plane was cleared for approach .
About a minute later , the air traffic controller said that contact with the plane had been lost and asked whether crews in other aircraft could see anything .
No one responded .
The controller then said there might be a plane down .
Although there was a mix of sleet and snow in the area , other planes landed safely at the airport about the time the flight went down .
Watch what weather was like when disaster happened »
The crew of a Delta flight reported rime icing , a condition in which ice quickly builds up on the leading edge of the wings .
A US Air flight also reported icing .
CNN meteorologist Chad Myers noted that there was " icing all over western New York " at the altitude the plane was flying .
See how ice affects airplanes »
" Almost every minute of their flight was in an ice event , " he said .
The NTSB 's Chealander said the flight crew reported that visibility was about 3 miles and there was snow and mist as they descended .
The voice and data recorders indicated that the plane 's internal de-icing was on during the landing approach , he said .
Watch report from witness : " All I saw was flames " »
" A significant ice buildup is an aerodynamic impediment , " Chealander said .
Tony Tatro was on his way home from the gym when the plane flew about 75 feet above him .
The craft 's nose was lower than usual , and and the left wing was tilted , he said .
" The engines did n't sound typical , did n't sound normal , " he said .
Watch witness describe how plane went down »
The plane was loud as it came in , as if for a takeoff rather than for a landing , said David Luce , who lives 300 feet from the crash site .
" The engines sounded like they were revving at very high speed , an unnatural sound , " Luce said .
" Then the engine cut out -- stopped .
And within a couple of seconds , there was this tremendous explosion .
" It was an enormous explosion .
It sounded like it hit , frankly , right in our backyard .
...
The house shook ; the windows shook ; the ground shook , " he said .
" It was a real blast . "
Watch Mary Jane
Luce describe what she heard »
Among the dead were Beverly Eckert , widow of a September 11 attack victim , and Susan Wehle , a cantor at Temple Beth Am in Williamsville , outside Buffalo .
Also aboard was Alison Des Forges , senior Africa adviser for Human Rights Watch , a colleague confirmed .
Des Forges spent four years in Rwanda documenting the 1994 genocide and had testified about the atrocity and the current situation in central Africa to Congress and the United Nations , according to the organization .
Read about the victims
A representative for Colgan Air , which operated the plane for Continental , identified the crew as pilot Capt .
Marvin Renslow , first officer Rebecca Shaw and flight attendants Matilda Quintero and Donna Prisco .
An off - duty pilot , Capt .
Joseph Zuffoletto , was also aboard .
On Friday afternoon , a minister from Renslow 's church in Lutz , Florida , made a statement on the family 's behalf .
" They are very proud of Marvin 's accomplishments as a pilot , " said Alan Burner , associate pastor at the First Baptist Church of Lutz .
" They know he did everything he could to save as many lives as he could , even in the accident . "
Shaw , a 25 - year - old pilot from Maple Valley , Washington , had been with the airline about a year , according to her family .
" We 're in shock , " her mother , Lynn Morris , said .
" We do n't understand .
We kind of keep expecting Becky to come around the corner and say it 's not real . "
Watch Morris discuss the loss of her daughter »
In Washington , President Obama issued a statement expressing his condolences .
" Our hearts go out to the families and friends who lost loved ones , " Obama said .
" I want to thank the brave first responders who arrived immediately to try and save lives and who are continuing to ensure the safety of everyone in the area .
We pray for all those who have been touched by this terrible tragedy to find peace and comfort in the hard days ahead . "
The Erie County Medical Examiner 's Office established a command post at the scene and had investigators there , a statement from the office said .
Officials said relatives of passengers aboard the flight should call 800 - 621-3263 for information .
Watch what iReporter captured on film
Thursday 's incident is the first fatal crash of a commercial airliner in the United States since August 2006 , when Comair Flight 5191 crashed while attempting to take off from the wrong runway near Lexington , Kentucky .
All About Buffalo ( New York ) • U.S. National Transportation Safety Board • Continental Airlines Inc .
YOUNG workers are being exploited in large numbers in the retail and hospitality sectors , a blitz by the workplace watchdog has revealed .
The Workplace Ombudsman recently audited 400 employers nationwide and found 41 per cent , or 165 employers , had underpaid a total of about 1500 staff aged between 15 and 24 .
Ombudsman Nicholas Wilson said the blitz by inspectors focused on industries that typically employed young people , with nearly nine out of every 10 of the breaches in either retail or accommodation and food services .
Most of the breaches were due to the underpayment of wages and penalty rates and Mr Wilson said the ombudsman had clawed back a total of $ 540,300 for the affected young workers .
That is an average of $ 360 for each employee .
In Parts 1 , 2 , and 3 of this Passive Solar Design Overview series , we looked at the three main architectural styles of passive solar design ( Direct Gain , Indirect Gain , and Isolated Gain ) , as well as the first three of the five design aspects , Aperture , Absorber , and Thermal Mass .
This article will address the design aspect Controls at an overview level .
All of these aspects are important regardless of whether a new building is being designed or renovation of a current building is being considered .
In passive solar design , the term controls stands for those aspects of the design that inhibit solar heat gain during non-heating seasons without precluding its desired collection during winter .
These design components include overhangs ( fixed , removable , louvered ) , light shelves , blinds , exterior louvers , awnings , landscape shading ( deciduous trees or vines ) , etc .
It also refers to quasi-active measures such as opening windows and raising / lowering insulating shades .
Sun Position
Figure 16 - An example of the Sun 's inclination difference by season
The first step in designing a solar shading control is to determine the seasonal sun angles at the building 's location .
You can obtain this information from a number of sites online ( need to determine your latitude and longitude ?
Find it at WeatherUnderground after you enter your location ) ;
SolarPlots.info
( US only , from TOD reader dallastx )
SunPosition.info
SunAngle
The most common controls include fixed roofline or pente eaves , louvered overhangs , and vegetative support structures ( e.g , pergolas ) .
In the winter , the sun 's inclination is low in the sky , providing desired warmth ; in the summer , the sun is ( relatively ) high in the sky at noon ( see figure 13 ) .
Overhangs will help to block the direct insolation of the summer sun , though will not reduce ground reflection or the majority of diffuse sky radiation .
Note that there are many different types of overhangs :
Fixed : Stays in place year around
Removable : Removed during heating season
Louvered : Blocks summer insolation , allowing most winter insolation through
Vegetative : Supports deciduous foliage during growing season to block summer sun
Daylighting shelves :
While some are primarily interior , others are dual purpose , using an overhang to help capture more light
Figure 17 - Overhang considerations
Figure 18 - Renovation addition of pente eave over 1st floor to reduce summer solar gain
Figure 19 - Balconies and PV arrays can be overhangs
Figure 20 - Simple louvered overhang
Figure 21 - Seasonal retractable overhangs
Figure 22 - Multi-story louvered overhangs
Figure 23 - Movable PV array overhangs ( winter and summer configurations )
Three of the main criteria in fixed overhang design are ;
Window height
Overhang extension length
Offset of the overhang above the window
Some simple rules of thumb from the US DoE include ( HDD and CDD data is available from local weather services ) ;
Cold climates : above 6,000 heating degree days ( HDD ) * ( at base 65 °F [ 18 °C ] )
Locate shadow line at mid-window using the June 21 ( summer solstice ) sun angle .
: above 6,000 heating degree days ( HDD ) * ( at base 65 °F [ 18 °C ] )
Locate shadow line at mid-window using the June 21 ( summer solstice ) sun angle .
Moderate climates : below 6,000 heating degree days ( HDD ) * ( at base 65 °F [ 18 °C ] ) and below 2,600 cooling degree days ( CDD ) * ( at base 75 °F [ 22 °C ] )
Locate shadow line at window sill using the June 21 ( summer solstice ) sun angle .
: below 6,000 heating degree days ( HDD ) * ( at base 65 °F [ 18 °C ] ) and below 2,600 cooling degree days ( CDD ) * ( at base 75 °F [ 22 °C ] )
Locate shadow line at window sill using the June 21 ( summer solstice ) sun angle .
Hot climates : above 2,600 cooling degree days ( CDD ) * ( base 75 °F [ 22 °C ] )
Locate shadow line at window sill using the March 21 ( vernal equinox ) sun angle .
One quick way to gauge the design of an overhang is to model it .
We can use an online overhang modeling program to trial various configurations of
Fins
Fins complement overhangs by using vertical surfaces to block undesirable solar insolation on the East and West side of equatorial - facing windows .
Figure 24 - Fins combined with overhangs
Daylighting
Passive solar controls can be designed to enable daylighting , which is the use of natural light in a manner that reduces the energy required for artificial lighting .
Overhangs can be combined with light shelf techniques to capture light above the overhang to reflect into the building space along the ceiling .
Figure 25 - Overhangs doubling as light shelves Figure 26 - Light distribution from light shelves
External Shade Control
Another way to keep the sun out during non-heating seasons is to place external blinds on the outside , a technique that may sound bizarre to some until one realizes that most old - fashion shutters were louvered to provide external shading in the summer while also allowing natural ventilation and daylighting .
These remain a viable way to accomplish all three , though are not as easy to find these days in their traditional configurations .
Note that external shades , unlike most overhangs , have the added benefit of reducing diffuse and reflected solar radiation .
Figure 26 - Traditional shutters Figure 27 - Bahama shades
Figure 29 - Motorized external shades
Internal Shade Control
Internal solar shading control fall into two broad categories ; blinds and shades ( or curtains ) .
Most people are familiar with venetian blinds and typical decorative curtains .
Both have the issue of the heat gain associated with sunlight entering the window , a portion reflecting off the surface , and then some portion re-exiting the window ; hence , external measures are superior , though internal shades can be helpful in controlling diffuse and reflective radiation that an overhang does not .
At each step , a portion of the sunlight is absorbed by these surfaces or reflected into the conditioned space .
For more northerly locations , this may not be an issue , though for the rest it can result in less than desirable heat gain .
Insulating shades will be covered in a energy efficiency article .
There are other shades that are intended to reject solar insolation ; some with a full reflective block , and others block primarily UV , providing a daylighting effect .
One must ensure that the blocking is primarily reflective , with as little absorption as possible ( for summer heat control ) .
Figure 30 - Partially reflective shades
Figure 31 - White insulated shades reflect
most of the sun 's energy while providing
additional r-value
Exercise
It 's one thing to understand the basics , and another thing altogether to have ' hands - on ' experience .
To gain a better sense of how overhangs ( and fins ) can help prevent undesirable summer solar gain while still allowing winter solar heat gain , let 's examine " what - if " designs at your location .
Try many different combinations , and optimize for best winter exposure and most summer shading .
You 'll see that late summer is the biggest challenge ( for those areas with hot summers ) .
Below are two simple ( and free ) modeling tools to use to accomplish this ;
Overhang Annual Analysis :
Simple online overhang calculator from sustainable by design that shows the shading % by month for given window heights , overhang height ( offset above window ) , and overhang depth .
: Simple online overhang calculator from that shows the shading % by month for given window heights , overhang height ( offset above window ) , and overhang depth .
Solar - 2 : A legacy Windows - 95 program ( part of a suite of building design tools from UCLA ) that will accept simple building designs , focusing on equatorial - facing walls and windows , and other structures that can block solar insolation access .
Enter your location , window sizes and placement , overhang and fin design information , and you will be able to see month by month hourly shading percentages and solar gains in BTUs .
An animation of the solar insolation penetration of the building provides an interesting show for friends and family you want to educate .
One more passive solar design aspect article is next in the series ( Distribution ) , with other articles on building energy efficieny renovations , passive solar renovations , case studies , and building energy design tool examples .
References :
1. David Kent Ballast , Architect 's Handbook of Formulas , Tables , and Mathematical Calculations , Prentice Hall , 19882 .
Kissock , J , Internal Heat Gains and Design Heating & Cooling Loads , University of Dayton Lecture3 .
Michael J. Crosbie , The Passive Solar Design and Construction Handbook , John Wiley and Sons , 19984 .
John Little , Randall Thomas , Design with Energy : The Conservation and Use of Energy in Buildings , Cambridge University Press , 19845 .
Passive Solar Heating and Cooling , Arizona Solar Center6 .
Jeff Vail , Annualized Geo-Solar , JeffVail.net7 .
K. Darkwa * , J.-S. Kim , Dynamics of energy storage in phase change drywall systems , Wiley , 20058 Jo Darkwa , Mathematical Modelling and Simulation of Phase Change Drywalls for Heating Application in a Passive Solar Building , AIAA , 20059 .
Warszawski , Abraham , Industrialized and Automated Building Systems , Taylor & Francis , 199910 .
US Department of Defense , Passive Solar Buildings , Unified Facilities Criteria , UFC 3-440-03N , 200411 .
F. Bruckmeyer , The Equivalent Brick Wall , , 63 ( 6 ) , 1942 , pg 61-6512 .
J. Douglas Balcomb , Passive Solar Buildings , MIT Press , 198813 .
M. Hoffman , M. Feldman , Calculation of the Thermal Responses of Buildings by the Total Time Constant Method , Building and Environment , Vol 16 , No. 2 , pg 71 - 85 , 198114 .
Givoni , Baruch , Climate Considerations in Building and Urban Design , John Wiley and Sons , 1998 pg. 115-14715 .
Høseggen , Rasmus , Dynamic use of the building structure - energy performance and thermal environment , Norwegian University of Science and Technology , 200816 .
Bruce Haglund , Kurt Rathmann , Thermal Mass in Solar and Energy - Conserving Buildings ( .pdf ) , University of Idaho
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2000 December 25
The Eclipse Tree
Credit & Copyright : E. Israel
Explanation :
If you look closely at the shadow of this tree , you will see something quite unusual : it is composed of hundreds of images of a partially eclipsed Sun .
Early today , trees across North America will be casting similar shadows as a partial eclipse of the Sun takes place .
In a partial eclipse , the Moon does not cover the entire Sun .
The above effect is created by small spaces between leaves and branches acting as pinhole lenses .
Looking at shadows involving eclipse light is relatively safe - looking directly at the Sun , even during an eclipse , is dangerous and proper precautions should be taken .
The above picture was taken in 1994 on the campus of Northwestern University .
Government does n't work .
Never did .
Never will .
Can't .
But there are lots of good people .
Love them .
-- Bill St. Clair
The Atlanta Declaration
Every man , woman , and responsible child has an unalienable individual , civil , Constitutional , and human right to obtain , own , and carry , openly or concealed , any weapon -- rifle , shotgun , handgun , machinegun , anything -- any time , any place , without asking anyone 's permission .
-- L. Neil Smith
Reread that pesky first clause of the Second Amendment .
It does n't say what any of us thought it said .
What it says is that infringing the right of the people to keep and bear arms is treason .
What else do you call an act that endangers " the security of a free state " ?
And if it 's treason , then it 's punishable by death .
I suggest due process , speedy trials , and public hangings .
-- L. Neil Smith
A Penalty Clause for the Bill of Rights
Any official , appointed or elected , at any level of government , who attempts , through legislative act or other means , to nullify , evade , or avoid the provisions of the first ten amendments to this Constitution , or of the Thirteenth Amendment , shall be summarily removed from office , and , upon conviction , deprived of all pay and benefits including pension , and sentenced to imprisonment for life .
-- L. Neil Smith
Based on 253 journal articles , 99 books , 43 government publications , and some of its own empirical work , the panel could n't identify a single gun control regulation that reduced violent crime , suicide or accidents .
-- John Lott , commenting on the National Academy of Sciences report on gun control laws .
Who is a libertarian ?
Zero Aggression Principle ( " Zap " )
" A libertarian is a person who believes that no one has the right , under any circumstances , to initiate force against another human being , or to advocate or delegate its initiation .
Those who act consistently with this principle are libertarians , whether they realize it or not .
Those who fail to act consistently with it are not libertarians , regardless of what they may claim . "
-- L. Neil Smith
( Formerly called the " Non-Aggression Principle " , or " NAP " )
Why Did It Have to be ...
Guns ?
Make no mistake : all politicians -- even those ostensibly on the side of guns and gun ownership -- hate the issue and anyone , like me , who insists on bringing it up .
They hate it because it 's an X - ray machine .
It 's a Vulcan mind - meld .
It 's the ultimate test to which any politician -- or political philosophy -- can be put .
If a politician is n't perfectly comfortable with the idea of his average constituent , any man , woman , or responsible child , walking into a hardware store and paying cash -- for any rifle , shotgun , handgun , machinegun , anything -- without producing ID or signing one scrap of paper , he is n't your friend no matter what he tells you .
If he is n't genuinely enthusiastic about his average constituent stuffing that weapon into a purse or pocket or tucking it under a coat and walking home without asking anybody 's permission , he 's a four - flusher , no matter what he claims .
What his attitude -- toward your ownership and use of weapons -- conveys is his real attitude about you .
And if he does n't trust you , then why in the name of John Moses Browning should you trust him ?
-- L. Neil Smith
Concise
" Tell me , " I was once asked , " What do you think about gun control ?
Give me the short answer . "
To which I replied , " If you try to take our firearms we will kill you . "
-- Mike Vanderboegh
Also from The Atlanta Declaration :
... like going to the bathroom , breathing , eating , sleeping , or making love , it turns out that self - defense is a bodily function one cannot safely or effectively delegate to a second party .
-- L. Neil Smith
This does not mean that " Marijuana should be available by prescription . "
It means that morphine sulfate should be available in five pound bags at the supermarket for a couple of bucks , like sugar ... but probably in a different aisle , to avoid confusion .
-- Vin Suprynowicz
If you refuse to pay unjust taxes , your property will be confiscated .
If you attempt to defend your property , you will be arrested .
If you resist arrest , you will be clubbed .
If you defend yourself against clubbing , you will be shot dead .
These procedures are known as the Rule of Law .
-- Edward Abbey
The state can only survive as long as a majority is programmed to believe that theft is n't wrong if it 's called taxation or asset forfeiture or eminent domain , that assault and kidnapping is n't wrong if it 's called arrest , that mass murder is n't wrong if it 's called war .
-- Bill St. Clair
Natalie Maltais was found using the GPS signal from her mobile phone A nine - year - old girl , allegedly kidnapped by her grandmother , has been found using a mobile phone signal and Google Street View .
A police officer and a firefighter in Athol , Massachusetts , joined forces after authorities were alerted that Natalie Maltais had been taken .
Officers used GPS in the girl 's mobile phone to find her approximate location .
They fed the co-ordinates into Google Street View , pinpointing a hotel where the child was subsequently found .
The alarm was raised after grandmother Rose Maltais picked up Natalie from the child 's legal guardians for what was supposed to be a weekend away .
She " said that she was n't going to return Natalie and then left the state " , Athol police chief Timothy Anderson told the BBC .
The police contacted Ms Maltais , but after she did n't return Natalie as promised , they decided to track them down using Natalie 's mobile phone .
Since 2005 , US law says that mobile phone providers must be able to locate 67 % of callers within 100 metres and 95 % of callers within 300 meters .
This requirement has led to GPS capability in most new mobile phones in the US .
Rose Maltais took the child during an arranged visit , say authorities " This is very useful , although we can only use it in emergency situations such as when a person is missing or lost , or a life is in danger , " said chief Anderson .
Knowing this , police officer Todd Neale contacted the mobile phone provider , AT&T , which gave him GPS coordinates every time the phone was activated .
Police must submit a compliance form to the phone provider to request location information .
Joined - up thinking Officer Neale then got in touch with Athol 's deputy fire chief Thomas Lozier who had previously used GPS to direct firefighters tackling forest and brush fires , and to find lost hikers .
" Last spring , there was an incident where the cell phone transmitted the co-ordinates of some people lost in a local conservation area , " deputy chief Lozier explained .
" We tracked them down using hand - held GPS units and within an hour we 'd gotten them back . "
He used mapping software to determine the location of the co-ordinates given to him by Officer Neale over the radio .
Then he turned to Google .
Athol 's deputy fire chief , Thomas Lozier , spotted the hotel where Natalie was later found on Google Street View
" As soon as the officer said to me , ' I wonder how we can research the area ' , I thought of it , " he said .
He found the location on Google maps and looked at the Street View , which shows eye - level photographs of the area .
That 's when he spotted a nearby hotel .
" I noticed the hotel in the area , and as I was panning the map , I was able to see the road sign at the intersection , " he said .
He used Google to search for hotels near that intersection and found the Budget Inn in Natural Bridge , Virginia .
Officer Neale alerted the Virginia state police , who found the missing child and her grandmother in the hotel as predicted .
The deputy fire chief said how happy he was with the outcome of his team effort with Officer Neale .
" It was brilliant , " he said .
" Half an hour later , he called me [ on my walkie - talkie ] at home .
I had my home computer ready to go and he informed me that it had been successful . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We discovered the ACME heartmaker online recently , and could n’t resist creating a variety of Valentine ’s hearts with snarky economy - related quips .
See which of these Valentine ’s Day bailout hearts would speak most loudly to your sweetheart–or least favorite person on the Street :
The Evergreen State College
With his emphasis on renewable energy and green jobs , President Barack Obama has picked an issue that resonates with his core supporters — young people .
At colleges around the country , students seem to be flocking to environmental studies .
At Boston College , 17 students minored in environmental studies in 2003 ; this year 44 students will do so ( assuming everyone graduates ) .
Iowa State University has seen the number of students enrolled in environmental studies and environmental science programs soar from 99 students in fall 2003 to more than 150 last fall .
William Crumpton , who chairs the environmental sciences and environmental studies major at Iowa State , said that a recruiting push had been helpful , but mainly students simply seem more interested in environmental issues , partly at the expense of biotechnology , a traditional draw .
“ I had this sense that environmental issues got a lot more press — or maybe more effective press — in last four to five years , ” said Mr. Crumpton .
At the University of Virginia , “ We have definitely seen an increase in majors over the past two - three years , but where we have really increased are the environmental science courses we teach to non-majors , ” said Jay Zieman , the chair of the University of Virginia ’s environmental sciences department in an e-mail message .
“ That number has increased 45 percent over the past five years . ”
The one slight outlier of my four - college survey was the University of Pennsylvania .
The number of undergraduates majoring in environmental studies peaked at 44 in 2002 , but now is down to 32 ( still higher than the 20 in 1999 ) .
However , the number of master ’s degrees in environmental policy hit a 10 - year high last year , and the university has seen a spurt of master ’s enrollment in related areas like hydrology .
The student interest comes as a range of universities , from Stanford to the University of Toledo , are working to beef up their alternative - energy research .
Obama thinking big , despite crisis Agence France - Presse
Published : Sunday November 16 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP ) 
Signs coming out of Barack Obama 's transition conclave in Chicago suggest he has no intention of lowering his sights for an activist , big ideas , presidency despite the deep economic crisis .
Since Obama 's historic election nearly two weeks ago , some analysts have suggested that the financial crunch , huge budget deficits and two draining wars abroad will curtail Obama 's ambitious sweeping reform agenda .
But Obama 's approach to framing his administration , frequent campaign trail allusions to activist presidents of the past and possible cabinet picks may signal he views the crisis not as a constraint , but an opportunity .
In an overt sign of bipartisanship , the president - elect is set to meet former Republican foe John McCain on Monday .
He is mulling whether to name big beasts of the political jungle like Hillary Clinton and Bill Richardson as secretary of state .
And his pick for chief of staff , sharp - elbowed Rahm Emanuel has a reputation as a man of action , who can get things done in Washington .
" Even as we dig ourselves out of this recession , we must also recognize that out of this economic crisis comes an opportunity to create new jobs , strengthen our middle class , and keep our economy competitive in the 21st century , " Obama said in his weekly radio address on Saturday .
He then reeled off a plan to put two million Americans to work rebuilding crumbling roads , bridges , and schools and an initiative to invest 150 billion dollars in a green energy economy to create another five million jobs .
" It means making health care affordable for anyone who has it , accessible for anyone who wants it , and reducing costs for small businesses .
" And it also means giving every child the world - class education they need to compete with any worker , anywhere in the world . "
Obama 's ambitious plans have drawn comparison to the massive New Deal public works programs pioneered by Democratic president Franklin D. Roosevelt who took office in the eye of an economic storm in 1933 .
The president - elect has also signalled support for a new economic stimulus package and aid for ailing US automakers .
Leon Panetta , former chief of staff for president Bill Clinton , said Obama 's first task -- stabilizing the economy could win him political capital to enact his wider agenda .
" This president has to put his stamp on the economy .
That 's first and foremost , " he said at a post-election forum at the Brookings Institution .
" He 's got to be successful at that .
If he 's successful at that , at getting something done with regard to the economy , then he gains the credibility to be able to then work on other issues . "
Obama is plotting a fast start after his inauguration on January 20 .
Aides said last week they were studying a sheaf of possible executive orders -- effectively decrees by a president to change the law .
The new president could quickly overhaul climate change policy for instance , and even close the controversial ' war on terror ' camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Obama 's meeting with Clinton in Chicago on Thursday night ignited a flurry of speculation and jawing among the pundit classes .
The fact that the president - elect is even considering political figures like Clinton , in a possible " team of rivals " cabinet like that of his political hero Abraham Lincoln hardly suggests a presidency of minimal ambition .
Democratic gains have also positioned Obama to push a wide agenda through Congress -- his party will control the White House and Capitol Hill for the first time in 14 years .
With three seats still undecided in the Senate , the Democrats look set to fall short of the 60 - seat supermajority needed to overcome Republican obstruction tactics .
But some Republican senators face tough reelection battles in normally conservative states that Obama won in the November 4 election and may not be keen to be seen as thwarting the new president 's agenda .
Senator Judd Gregg in New Hampshire for instance has just seen his Senate colleague John Sununu tumble to a Democrat .
On one of the most vexing issues healthcare reform , there is already a sign of movement in Congress .
Democratic Senator Max Baucus from Montana has already revealed his reform plan , reportedly after consulting Obama aide and former Senate majority leader Tom Daschle .
Another key Obama supporters , ailing Democratic lion Senator Edward Kennedy has also sent signals that he is ready to unveil his own plan , in what may be valedictory legislation of a storied political career .
Gangs had threatened to kill an officer every two days until Mr Orduna quit
The chief of police in Mexico 's most violent city , Ciudad Juarez , has stepped down amid ongoing threats .
Roberto Orduna stepped down hours after a policeman and a prison guard were killed in the city , which has been wracked by drug - related violence .
Criminal gangs had threatened to kill at least one police officer every two days until Mr Orduna quit .
Murders are frequent in Ciudad Juarez , which sits on the US border and is a key staging post on the drug route .
Mayor Jose Reyes had insisted earlier the city would not back down to criminal gangs .
But speaking after the two murders , he said Mr Orduna 's departure was the only way the authorities could protect policemen .
We can't allow men who work defending our citizens to continue to lose their lives
Roberto Orduna
" These events took place despite the measures that we took to protect the municipal policemen .
That is the reason why the decision was taken , " Mr Reyes said .
Mr Orduna said he did not want to endanger any more lives after a spate of shootings this week .
" We can't allow men who work defending our citizens to continue to lose their lives , " he said .
" That is why I am presenting my permanent resignation . "
Mr Orduna had only been in the post since May ; he took over after his predecessor was forced to flee across the border to Texas following death threats .
His replacement would be found in the next few weeks , the city 's authorities said .
Death threats
The resignation was the latest evidence that drug gangs exercise formidable control over parts of northern Mexico , says the BBC's Stephen Gibbs in Mexico City .
Recent widespread anti-army protests in the region appear to have been largely orchestrated by the cartels .
Nearly a third of the 6,000 people killed in drug - related violence last year died in Ciudad Juarez .
Police were placed on high alert after notices were posted in the city on Wednesday warning Mr Orduna one of his officers would be killed every two days until he resigned .
Two days later , police officer Cesar Ivan Portillo was found dead , and a note taped to his body - and that of the murdered prison guard - said the deaths were a fulfilment of the threat .
The government of Felipe Calderon has vowed to take on the drugs gangs , and some 40,000 troops have been deployed across Mexico since 2006 to battle cartels which make billions of dollars a year exporting cocaine and other drugs to the US .
While this campaign has resulted in record drug seizures , it has also provoked a dramatic escalation in violence , as the gangs fight both one another and the federal forces .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" The WoW development team is comprised of some of the most talented and experienced game developers in the world , and it was an absolute honor to serve amongst them , and they will continue to make WoW better than ever .
I still plan to be very involved with the future course of World of Warcraft , but will leave the day to day operations of World of Warcraft to my partners in crime , Tom Chilton and J. Allen Brack . "
If you 're unhappy with yourcharacter 's class , you wo n't have Jeffrey " Tigole " Kaplan to blame anymore .
Thelead designer in charge of world design will be moving on to another MMO .
Kaplan announced his departure fromwith a post on the World of Warcraft forums
He now figures to play some major role in crafting Blizzard 's unannounced new MMO .
Rest assured that no matter what form this new project takes , Retribution Paladins will be terrible in it ( at least for the first few years ) .
February 2009
Hacker News was two years old last week .
Initially it was supposed to be a side project — an application to sharpen Arc on , and a place for current and future Y Combinator founders to exchange news .
It 's grown bigger and taken up more time than I expected , but I do n't regret that because I 've learned so much from working on it .
Growth
When we launched in February 2007 , weekday traffic was around 1600 daily uniques .
It 's since grown to around 22,000 .
This growth rate is a bit higher than I 'd like .
I 'd like the site to grow , since a site that is n't growing at least slowly is probably dead .
But I would n't want it to grow as large as Digg or Reddit — mainly because that would dilute the character of the site , but also because I do n't want to spend all my time dealing with scaling .
I already have problems enough with that .
Remember , the original motivation for HN was to test a new programming language , and moreover one that 's focused on experimenting with language design , not performance .
Every time the site gets slow , I fortify myself by recalling McIlroy and Bentley 's famous quote
The key to performance is elegance , not battalions of special cases .
and look for the bottleneck I can remove with least code .
So far I 've been able to keep up , in the sense that performance has remained consistently mediocre despite 14 x growth .
I do n't know what I 'll do next , but I 'll probably think of something .
This is my attitude to the site generally .
Hacker News is an experiment , and an experiment in a very young field .
Sites of this type are only a few years old .
Internet conversation generally is only a few decades old .
So we 've probably only discovered a fraction of what we eventually will .
That 's why I 'm so optimistic about HN .
When a technology is this young , the existing solutions are usually terrible ; which means it must be possible to do much better ; which means many problems that seem insoluble are n't .
Including , I hope , the problem that has afflicted so many previous communities : being ruined by growth .
Dilution
Users have worried about that since the site was a few months old .
So far these alarms have been false , but they may not always be .
Dilution is a hard problem .
But probably soluble ; it does n't mean much that open conversations have " always " been destroyed by growth when " always " equals 20 instances .
But it 's important to remember we 're trying to solve a new problem , because that means we 're going to have to try new things , most of which probably wo n't work .
A couple weeks ago I tried displaying the names of users with the highest average comment scores in orange . [ 1 ]
That was a mistake .
Suddenly a culture that had been more or less united was divided into haves and have - nots .
I did n't realize how united the culture had been till I saw it divided .
It was painful to watch . [ 2 ]
So orange usernames wo n't be back .
( Sorry about that . )
But there will be other equally broken - seeming ideas in the future , and the ones that turn out to work will probably seem just as broken as those that do n't .
Probably the most important thing I 've learned about dilution is that it 's measured more in behavior than users .
It 's bad behavior you want to keep out more than bad people .
User behavior turns out to be surprisingly malleable .
If people are expected to behave well , they tend to ; and vice versa .
Though of course forbidding bad behavior does tend to keep away bad people , because they feel uncomfortably constrained in a place where they have to behave well .
But this way of keeping them out is gentler and probably also more effective than overt barriers .
It 's pretty clear now that the broken windows theory applies to community sites as well .
The theory is that minor forms of bad behavior encourage worse ones : that a neighborhood with lots of graffiti and broken windows becomes one where robberies occur .
I was living in New York when Giuliani introduced the reforms that made the broken windows theory famous , and the transformation was miraculous .
And I was a Reddit user when the opposite happened there , and the transformation was equally dramatic .
I 'm not criticizing Steve and Alexis .
What happened to Reddit did n't happen out of neglect .
From the start they had a policy of censoring nothing except spam .
Plus Reddit had different goals from Hacker News .
Reddit was a startup , not a side project ; its goal was to grow as fast as possible .
Combine rapid growth and zero censorship , and the result is a free for all .
But I do n't think they'd do much differently if they were doing it again .
Measured by traffic , Reddit is much more successful than Hacker News .
But what happened to Reddit wo n't inevitably happen to HN .
There are several local maxima .
There can be places that are free for alls and places that are more thoughtful , just as there are in the real world ; and people will behave differently depending on which they 're in , just as they do in the real world .
I 've observed this in the wild .
I 've seen people cross-posting on Reddit and Hacker News who actually took the trouble to write two versions , a flame for Reddit and a more subdued version for HN .
Submissions
There are two major types of problems a site like Hacker News needs to avoid : bad stories and bad comments .
So far the danger of bad stories seems smaller .
The stories on the frontpage now are still roughly the ones that would have been there when HN started .
I once thought I 'd have to weight votes to keep crap off the frontpage , but I have n't had to yet .
I would n't have predicted the frontpage would hold up so well , and I 'm not sure why it has .
Perhaps only the more thoughtful users care enough to submit and upvote links , so the marginal cost of one random new user approaches zero .
Or perhaps the frontpage protects itself , by advertising what type of submission is expected .
The most dangerous thing for the frontpage is stuff that 's too easy to upvote .
If someone proves a new theorem , it takes some work by the reader to decide whether or not to upvote it .
An amusing cartoon takes less .
A rant with a rallying cry as the title takes zero , because people vote it up without even reading it .
Hence what I call the Fluff Principle : on a user - voted news site , the links that are easiest to judge will take over unless you take specific measures to prevent it .
Hacker News has two kinds of protections against fluff .
The most common types of fluff links are banned as off - topic .
Pictures of kittens , political diatribes , and so on are explicitly banned .
This keeps out most fluff , but not all of it .
Some links are both fluff , in the sense of being very short , and also on topic .
There 's no single solution to that .
If a link is just an empty rant , editors will sometimes kill it even if it's on topic in the sense of being about hacking , because it 's not on topic by the real standard , which is to engage one 's intellectual curiosity .
If the posts on a site are characteristically of this type I sometimes ban it , which means new stuff at that url is auto - killed .
If a post has a linkbait title , editors sometimes rephrase it to be more matter - of - fact .
This is especially necessary with links whose titles are rallying cries , because otherwise they become implicit " vote up if you believe such - and - such " posts , which are the most extreme form of fluff .
The techniques for dealing with links have to evolve , because the links do .
The existence of aggregators has already affected what they aggregate .
Writers now deliberately write things to draw traffic from aggregators — sometimes even specific ones .
( No , the irony of this statement is not lost on me . )
Then there are the more sinister mutations , like linkjacking — posting a paraphrase of someone else 's article and submitting that instead of the original .
These can get a lot of upvotes , because a lot of what 's good in an article often survives ; indeed , the closer the paraphrase is to plagiarism , the more survives . [ 3 ]
I think it 's important that a site that kills submissions provide a way for users to see what got killed if they want to .
That keeps editors honest , and just as importantly , makes users confident they'd know if the editors stopped being honest .
HN users can do this by flipping a switch called showdead in their profile . [ 4 ]
Comments
Bad comments seem to be a harder problem than bad submissions .
While the quality of links on the frontpage of HN has n't changed much , the quality of the median comment may have decreased somewhat .
There are two main kinds of badness in comments : meanness and stupidity .
There is a lot of overlap between the two — mean comments are disproportionately likely also to be dumb — but the strategies for dealing with them are different .
Meanness is easier to control .
You can have rules saying one should n't be mean , and if you enforce them it seems possible to keep a lid on meanness .
Keeping a lid on stupidity is harder , perhaps because stupidity is not so easily distinguishable .
Mean people are more likely to know they 're being mean than stupid people are to know they 're being stupid .
The most dangerous form of stupid comment is not the long but mistaken argument , but the dumb joke .
Long but mistaken arguments are actually quite rare .
There is a strong correlation between comment quality and length ; if you wanted to compare the quality of comments on community sites , average length would be a good predictor .
Probably the cause is human nature rather than anything specific to comment threads .
Probably it 's simply that stupidity more often takes the form of having few ideas than wrong ones .
Whatever the cause , stupid comments tend to be short .
And since it's hard to write a short comment that 's distinguished for the amount of information it conveys , people try to distinguish them instead by being funny .
The most tempting format for stupid comments is the supposedly witty put - down , probably because put - downs are the easiest form of humor . [ 5 ]
So one advantage of forbidding meanness is that it also cuts down on these .
Bad comments are like kudzu : they take over rapidly .
Comments have much more effect on new comments than submissions have on new submissions .
If someone submits a lame article , the other submissions do n't all become lame .
But if someone posts a stupid comment on a thread , that sets the tone for the region around it .
People reply to dumb jokes with dumb jokes .
Maybe the solution is to add a delay before people can respond to a comment , and make the length of the delay inversely proportional to some prediction of its quality .
Then dumb threads would grow slower . [ 6 ]
People
I notice most of the techniques I 've described are conservative : they 're aimed at preserving the character of the site rather than enhancing it .
I do n't think that 's a bias of mine .
It 's due to the shape of the problem .
Hacker News had the good fortune to start out good , so in this case it 's literally a matter of preservation .
But I think this principle would also apply to sites with different origins .
The good things in a community site come from people more than technology ; it 's mainly in the prevention of bad things that technology comes into play .
Technology certainly can enhance discussion .
Nested comments do , for example .
But I 'd rather use a site with primitive features and smart , nice users than a more advanced one whose users were idiots or trolls .
So the most important thing a community site can do is attract the kind of people it wants .
A site trying to be as big as possible wants to attract everyone .
But a site aiming at a particular subset of users has to attract just those — and just as importantly , repel everyone else .
I 've made a conscious effort to do this on HN .
The graphic design is as plain as possible , and the site rules discourage dramatic link titles .
The goal is that the only thing to interest someone arriving at HN for the first time should be the ideas expressed there .
The downside of tuning a site to attract certain people is that , to those people , it can be too attractive .
I 'm all too aware how addictive Hacker News can be .
For me , as for many users , it 's a kind of virtual town square .
When I want to take a break from working , I walk into the square , just as I might into Harvard Square or University
Ave in the physical world . [ 7 ]
But an online square is more dangerous than a physical one .
If I spent half the day loitering on University Ave , I 'd notice .
I have to walk a mile to get there , and sitting in a cafe feels different from working .
But visiting an online forum takes just a click , and feels superficially very much like working .
You may be wasting your time , but you 're not idle .
Someone is wrong on the Internet , and you 're fixing the problem .
Hacker News is definitely useful .
I 've learned a lot from things I 've read on HN .
I 've written several essays that began as comments there .
So I would n't want the site to go away .
But I would like to be sure it 's not a net drag on productivity .
What a disaster that would be , to attract thousands of smart people to a site that caused them to waste lots of time .
I wish I could be 100 % sure that 's not a description of HN .
I feel like the addictiveness of games and social applications is still a mostly unsolved problem .
The situation now is like it was with crack in the 1980s : we 've invented terribly addictive new things , and we have n't yet evolved ways to protect ourselves from them .
We will eventually , and that 's one of the problems I hope to focus on next .
Notes
[ 1 ] I tried ranking users by both average and median comment score , and average ( with the high score thrown out ) seemed the more accurate predictor of high quality .
Median may be the more accurate predictor of low quality though .
[ 2 ] Another thing I learned from this experiment is that if you 're going to distinguish between people , you better be sure you do it right .
This is one problem where rapid prototyping does n't work .
Indeed , that 's the intellectually honest argument for not discriminating between various types of people .
The reason not to do it is not that everyone 's the same , but that it 's bad to do wrong and hard to do right .
[ 3 ] When I catch egregiously linkjacked posts I replace the url with that of whatever they copied .
Sites that habitually linkjack get banned .
[ 4 ] Digg is notorious for its lack of transparency .
The root of the problem is not that the guys running Digg are especially sneaky , but that they use the wrong algorithm for generating their frontpage .
Instead of bubbling up from the bottom as they get more votes , as on Reddit , stories start at the top and get pushed down by new arrivals .
The reason for the difference is that Digg is derived from Slashdot , while Reddit is derived from Delicious / popular .
Digg is Slashdot with voting instead of editors , and Reddit is Delicious / popular with voting instead of bookmarking .
( You can still see fossils of their origins in their graphic design . )
Digg 's algorithm is very vulnerable to gaming , because any story that makes it onto the frontpage is the new top story .
Which in turn forces Digg to respond with extreme countermeasures .
A lot of startups have some kind of secret about the subterfuges they had to resort to in the early days , and I suspect Digg 's is the extent to which the top stories were de facto chosen by human editors .
[ 5 ] The dialog on Beavis and Butthead was composed largely of these , and when I read comments on really bad sites I can hear them in their voices .
[ 6 ] I suspect most of the techniques for discouraging stupid comments have yet to be discovered .
Xkcd implemented a particularly clever one in its IRC channel : do n't allow the same thing twice .
Once someone has said " fail , " no one can ever say it again .
This would penalize short comments especially , because they have less room to avoid collisions in .
Another promising idea is the stupid filter , which is just like a probabilistic spam filter , but trained on corpora of stupid and non-stupid comments instead .
You may not have to kill bad comments to solve the problem .
Comments at the bottom of a long thread are rarely seen , so it may be enough to incorporate a prediction of quality in the comment sorting algorithm .
[ 7 ] What makes most suburbs so demoralizing is that there 's no center to walk to .
Thanks to Justin Kan , Jessica Livingston , Robert Morris , Alexis Ohanian , Emmet Shear , and Fred Wilson for reading drafts of this .
Comment on this essay .
During Reconstruction the Ku Klux Klan and local rifle clubs murdered hundreds of freed slaves , now Republican voters , in the successful effort to make Mississippi safe for the Democratic Party .
In the New South Mississippi led the nation " in every imaginable kind of mob atrocity : most lynchings , most multiple lynchings , most lynchings of women , most lynchings without an arrest , most lynchings of a victim in police custody and most public support for the process itself . "
Nearly half a century later , in the 1930's , " Mississippians earned less , killed more and died younger than other Americans .
They were five times more likely to be illiterate than a Pennsylvanian and ten times more likely to take another person 's life . "
This culture of violence provided the setting for the most infamous form of criminal justice in American history , the convict leasing system that prevailed in most Southern states for a generation or more after emancipation .
Not surprisingly , Mississippi invented convict leasing .
Under slavery , black criminals had been punished on the plantation .
Virtually the only jail inmates were whites .
The Civil War destroyed many jails and penitentiaries , while emancipation more than doubled the free population .
The crime wave and political violence that accompanied Reconstruction overwhelmed the few and inadequate jails .
In desperation , Mississippi and other states turned to an expedient that quickly became an institution : the leasing of convicted criminals to private contractors , who paid a fee to the state and agreed to feed , clothe and shelter the convicts during their term of punishment .
But the motives of lessees were most emphatically not altruistic ; they were in this business for profit .
They used convicts to build railroads , to mine coal and iron , and to fell timber , make turpentine , clear land and grow cotton .
Since nearly all leased convicts were black , few whites cared what happened to them .
And if the supply of convicts fell below the demand , compliant legislators and country sheriffs stood ready to increase the supply .
In 1876 the Mississippi legislature enacted the egregious " pig law " defining the theft of a farm animal or any property valued at $ 10 or more as grand larceny , punishable by up to five years in state prison .
The convict population quadrupled overnight .
Many contractors made fortunes from the cheap labor that they could exploit with impunity .
Slaves had at least possessed the protection of their value as property ; the lives of black convicts had no value in the eyes of whites .
Mortality rates in convict camps rose to shocking levels .
The death rate among convicts in Mississippi during the 1880 's ranged from 9 to 16 percent annually .
" Not a single leased convict , " Mr. Oshinsky notes , " ever lived long enough to serve a sentence of 10 years or more . "
It was this system , not the Parchman prison , that the Southern reformer George Washington Cable described as " worse than slavery . "
By the 1880 's the barbarism of convict leasing had become an embarrassment even to white Mississippians .
Reformers in all Southern states crusaded against the system .
By the early 20th century they had succeeded in getting it abolished almost everywhere , though in several states it was replaced by state or county chain gangs -- not necessarily a great improvement .
In Mississippi , convict leasing was replaced by Parchman , a prison farm located on 20,000 acres of the world 's richest cotton land , in the Yazoo - Mississippi delta .
The best chapter in " ' Worse Than Slavery ' " describes life and work for the inmates at Parchman from 1904 to the 1930's .
During that time the proportion of black inmates declined from 90 to 70 percent .
Whether Parchman was " worse than slavery " is not clear from Mr. Oshinsky 's account .
What is clear is that it was very much like slavery .
The superintendent functioned like a slaveowner .
The white guards ( " sergeants " ) were the overseers , and the " trusties " armed with shotguns and rifles resembled nothing so much as the black drivers on slave plantations .
And Parchman was a huge plantation , growing thousands of bales of cotton , which produced a handsome profit for the state of Mississippi .
Exploitation , violence , racism and repression characterized Parchman .
Mr. Oshinsky reproduces the words of several blues songs that portray the Parchman experience with sad eloquence .
But what emerges from Mr. Oshinsky 's account is a set of ironies that he implicitly acknowledges but does not explicitly develop .
Parchman was better than convict leasing .
It was probably less brutal in its treatment of black inmates than the prisons or chain gangs of other Southern states .
And in an odd twist , it may have been better in some respects than what the civil rights revolution of the 1960 's forced it to become .
People regularly draw a comparison between the music industry and publishing .
The Amazon Kindle , we are told , can be " the iPod of books " ; everybody 's desperate for the sort of radical success that iTunes has enjoyed ; and they are fearful of the damage that digital media could do to an entrenched and slow - moving media business .
Everyone 's looking at the pattern they 've seen in music and video - an old medium changed radically by technology - and waiting for it to hit the book world .
But the chances of that happening right now are very small indeed .
Why ?
It 's fairly straightforward .
The real reason that the music industry came around to the idea of downloads was n't because they had a startling insight into the future , or even because Apple forced the issue by building a clever ecosystem around the iPod ( it did n't launch the iTunes store until 2003 ) .
It was because customers were choosing to pirate instead .
To put it less glibly , the publishing industry is n't being forced to confront a radical shift in consumer behaviour caused by technology , because that scenario just is not happening .
Customers are n't forcing the issue by choosing to abandon books and read pirated text instead .
And this means the problem is n't there to be confronted .
Oh , yes , there are problems .
The publishing industry is having trouble .
People are n't buying books .
Sales are down .
Websites , supermarkets and megabookstores are taking over from smaller retailers and throttling the market .
But unlike the music business - who saw those lost customers head straight to Napster , Kazaa or Gnutella - the average book reader is n't turning to legally dubious sources for their novels , or meeting up with book dealers on street corners to pick up copies of the latest bestseller .
If they want to share files , they can get somebody to lend them a copy , or go to a place for sharing this information that 's wholly supported by the industry ( you might know them as libraries ) .
But , when it comes down to it the real issue is that punters are just not bothering to buy as many books ... or even any books at all .
Authors and publishers are embracing technology when it works for them - as a promotional tool or sales channel - but if they do n't act now to boost the electronic book market , it seems unlikely that they'd be surprised tomorrow morning when a pirate had stolen their breakfast .
Piracy is a huge problem for industries that produce digital content , but right now you buy a book , not a text document hidden inside a sheaf of paper - however many ebook addicts might want to say otherwise .
The book industry 's distribution chains have been undermined by the rise of technology , but the physical product remains pretty solid .
In fact , the way most publishers look at it , publishing an electronic book encourages piracy , because it puts in - copyright text into a digital format which even if it has been locked down by DRM will be broken out in a matter of time simply because it can .
The music industry , meanwhile , created this change by switching to digital files instead of analogue recordings .
Downloads may be replacing CDs , but that shift has only happened because the first technology enabled the second one .
After all , without CDs to rip from in the first place , it would be a lot more difficult to get hold of music the way you want .
I 'm not suggesting that the only way the electronic book industry can succeed is by promoting piracy .
But without it , there 's no whip to crack .
There 's no easy cause and effect to startle the publishers out of their leather armchairs and into action .
I suspect that the real change will come as more authors who are already part of the digital age push for new things .
But that 's a generational shift , and we 're still a long way from it .
It 's not that I do n't believe electronic books can't be a success - just that without an outside factor that can push things faster than the industry is comfortable with , progress is always going to be very , very slow .
Terms of Service
The Gist
We ( the folks at Automattic ) are on a mission to make the web a better place .
We hope you love our products and services — from website publishing tools to ecommerce solutions to security backup systems to management tools for global companies to the next great idea that we have n’t even thought of yet — as much as we love creating them .
These Terms of Service ( “ Terms ” ) describe our commitments to you , and your rights and responsibilities when using our services .
Please read them carefully and reach out to us if you have any questions .
We ’ve decided to make these Terms available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license .
You can grab a copy of these Terms and other legal documents on Github .
You ’re more than welcome to copy them , adapt them , and repurpose them for your own use .
Just make sure to revise the language so that your Terms reflect your actual practices .
Also , if you do use these Terms , we ’d appreciate a credit and link to Automattic somewhere on your website .
Terms of Service
These Terms govern your access to and use of WordPress.com , Jetpack.com , VaultPress.com , and Happy .
Tools , as well as all content and Automattic products and services ( for example , ecommerce services as outlined below in Section 7e ) available at or through these websites ( collectively , “ Services ” ) .
These Terms also govern visitors ’ access to and use of any websites that use our Services , such as websites hosted on WordPress.com that are operated by our users .
For some of Automattic ’s other products , services , and programs such as WooCommerce , Akismet , Crowdsignal , Newspack , WordPress.com VIP , our Affiliate Program , and our Refer - A - Friend Program , additional Terms of Service may apply and will be posted on the respective websites .
Our Services are offered subject to your acceptance , without modification , of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules , policies ( including , without limitation , Automattic ’s Privacy Policy ) , and procedures that may be published from time to time by Automattic ( collectively , the “ Agreement ” ) .
You agree that we may automatically upgrade our Services , and the Agreement will apply to any upgrades .
Please read the Agreement carefully before accessing or using our Services .
By accessing or using any part of our Services , you agree to become bound by the Agreement .
If you do not agree to all the terms of the Agreement , then you may not access or use our Services .
1. Who ’s Who
Throughout these Terms , “ you ” applies to both individuals and entities that access or use our Services .
If you are an individual using our Services on behalf of an entity , you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that entity to the Agreement and that by using our Service (s ) , you are accepting the Agreement on behalf of that entity .
We use the term “ Designated Countries ” to refer to Australia , Canada , Japan , Mexico , New Zealand , Russia , and all countries located in the European continent .
If you reside in the “ Designated Countries , ” your Agreement is with Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd .
If you reside outside of the “ Designated Countries , ” your Agreement is with Automattic Inc .
We refer to Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd. and Automattic Inc. collectively as “ Automattic ” or “ we ” throughout these Terms .
2. Your Account
Where use of our Services requires an account , you agree to provide us with complete and accurate information when you register for an account and keep the information current .
This is important because sometimes we may need to send you notable updates ( for example , about changes to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy ) , or we may want to let you know about and make informed choices in response to legal inquiries or complaints .
You will be solely responsible and liable for any activity that occurs under your account .
You are responsible for keeping your account information up - to - date and for keeping your password secure .
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and any Service - related website , store , or other content , and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account and any other actions taken in connection with our Services .
You shall not share or misuse your access credentials .
You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account , store , or website , or of any other breach of security .
We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you , including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions .
When you create a WordPress.com account , we consider that to be an inquiry about our products and services , which means that we may contact you to share more details about what we have to offer .
Do n’t worry — if you are n’t interested in learning more , you can opt out of the marketing communication , whether it ’s an email , phone call , or text message .
3. Minimum Age Requirements
Our Services are not directed to children .
Access to and use of our Services is only for those over the age of 13 ( or 16 in the European Union ) .
If you are younger than this , you may not register for or use our Services .
Any person who registers as a user or provides their personal information to our Services represents that they are 13 years of age or older ( or 16 years or older in the European Union ) .
4. Responsibility of Visitors and Users
We have not reviewed , and cannot review , all of the content ( such as , but not limited to , text , photo , video , audio , code , computer software , items for sale , or other materials ) posted to our Services by users or anyone else ( “ Content ” ) and are not responsible for any use or effects of such Content .
So , for example :
We do not endorse any Content or represent that Content is accurate , useful , or non-harmful .
Content could be offensive , indecent , or objectionable ; include technical inaccuracies , typographical mistakes , or other errors ; or violate or infringe the privacy , publicity rights , intellectual property rights ( see our Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy section to submit copyright complaints ) , or other proprietary rights of third parties .
If you post Content , comment on a website , or otherwise make ( or allow any third party to make ) Content available on our Services , you are entirely responsible for the Content , and any harm resulting from , that Content or your conduct .
We disclaim any responsibility for any harm resulting from anyone ’s use , purchase , or downloading of Content .
If you access or use any Content , you are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses , worms , Trojan horses , and other harmful or destructive content .
Any Content offered for sale through any of our Services are the seller ’s sole responsibility , and you agree that you will look solely to the seller for any damages that result from your purchase or use of Content .
We are not a party to , and will have no responsibility or liability for , any communications , transactions , interactions , or disputes between you and the provider of any Content .
Please note that additional third party terms and conditions may apply to the downloading , copying , purchase , or use of Content .
We also have not reviewed , and cannot review , all of the material , including computer software , made available through the websites and web pages that link to , or are linked from , WordPress.com or our other Services .
For example :
We do not have any control over those websites and are not responsible for their contents or their use .
The existence of a link to or from one of our Services does not represent or imply that we endorse such website .
You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses , worms , Trojan horses , and other harmful or destructive content .
We disclaim any responsibility for any harm resulting from non-Automattic websites .
5. Fees , Payment , and Renewal
a. Automattic Fees
Fees for Paid Services .
Some of our Services are offered for a fee , such as Happy Tools , Jetpack plans , WordPress.com plans , and some Ecommerce Services ( collectively , “ Paid Services ” ) .
By using a Paid Service , you agree to pay the specified fees ( for example , Jetpack fees , VaultPress fees , WordPress.com fees , and fees associated with specific features , such as Payments , WooCommerce Payments , and domain name registration and renewal ) .
Depending on the Paid Service , there may be one - time fees , recurring fees , or revenue - based fees .
For recurring fees , we ’ll bill or charge you for in regular automatically - renewing intervals ( such as monthly , annually , or biennially ) , on a pre-pay basis until you cancel , which you can do at any time by contacting the relevant support team .
For revenue - based fees — such as fees for Payments for your website ’s subscriptions — you pay us a percentage of the revenue your website generates .
Revenue - based fees are ongoing .
Taxes .
To the extent permitted by law , or unless explicitly stated otherwise , all fees are exclusive of applicable federal , provincial , state , local or other governmental sales , goods and services , harmonized or other taxes , fees , or charges now in force or enacted in the future ( “ Taxes ” ) .
You are responsible for payment of all applicable Taxes relating to your use of our Services , your payments , or your purchases .
If we are obligated to pay or collect Taxes on the Fees you ’ve paid or will pay , you are responsible for such Taxes , and we may collect payment for such Taxes .
Payment .
If your payment fails , Paid Services are otherwise not paid for or paid for on time , or we suspect a payment is fraudulent , we may immediately cancel or revoke your access to Paid Services without notice to you .
If you contact your bank or credit card company to decline or reverse the charge of fees for Paid Services , we may revoke your access to our Services .
Automatic Renewal .
To ensure uninterrupted service , recurring Paid Services are automatically renewed .
This means that unless you cancel a Paid Service before the end of the applicable subscription period , it will automatically renew , and you authorize us to invoice you or use any payment mechanism we have on record for you to collect the then - applicable subscription fee ( as well as any Taxes ) .
By default , your Paid Services will be renewed for the same interval of time as your original subscription period .
For example , if you purchase a WordPress.com annual plan , you will be charged each year for the following 12 - month period .
We may charge your account up to one month before the end of the subscription period .
It is your responsibility to make sure you are checking your email ( including any spam or other filters ) in order to receive any reminder email we send to you in advance of renewal .
The date for the automatic renewal is determined automatically based on the date of the original purchase and cannot be changed .
You can view your renewal date for WordPress.com Paid Services by visiting your Manage Purchases page .
For more information about how WordPress.com subscriptions work , please see our Manage Purchases , Renewals & Cancellations support page .
Cancelling Automatic Renewal .
You can manage and cancel your Paid Services at the respective Service ’s site .
For example , you can manage all of your WordPress.com plans through your WordPress.com Manage Purchases page .
To cancel a WordPress.com plan , go to your Manage Purchases page , click on the plan you wish to cancel , then follow the instructions to “ cancel the subscription . ”
You must repeat this process for each subscription you wish to cancel .
Fee Changes .
We may change our fees at any time , or start charging fees for Services that were previously free .
When applicable , we may give you advance notice of the fee changes .
If you do n’t agree with the fee changes , you must cancel your Paid Service .
No - Show Policy .
We may have a “ no - show policy ” for some Paid Services ( for example , for our Quick Start sessions ) , which means that if you fail to show up or are late for a scheduled session , we may withhold the Service without a refund .
Refunds .
While you may cancel a Paid Service at any time , refunds are issued in our sole discretion , unless otherwise required by applicable law .
b. Fees Collected by Website Owners
Fees Paid to Websites or Website Owners .
Website owners may choose to sell items ( goods , content , services , etc. ) , offer subscriptions for their websites at specific price points and intervals , or simply collect payments .
Please note that we are not involved in a website ’s subscription details , or a website ’s store operations ( including the quality , timing , pricing , or legality of what may or may not be included in exchange for payment , or any goods or services purchased ) .
If you purchase items or subscriptions from a website , your purchase is directly from the website owner , who is solely responsible for the items sold .
Please contact the website owner if you have any questions or complaints .
Automatic Renewal .
Any recurring payments you make to a website owner ( such as a website subscription ) are automatically renewed .
This means that unless you cancel your website subscription before the end of the applicable renewal period , it will automatically renew .
Your recurring payments will be renewed for the same interval of time as your original subscription period .
For example , for an annual renewal schedule for your website subscription , you will be charged each year .
You can view your renewal date by visiting your Other Sites page .
Cancelling Automatic Renewal of Website Subscriptions .
You can manage and cancel your website subscriptions at your Other Sites page .
Click on the automatically renewing payment you wish to cancel , then follow the instructions to cancel .
You must repeat this process for each website subscription you wish to cancel .
Refunds .
We are not responsible for refunds for fees paid to a website owner because those transactions are between website owners and their users .
If you would like to request a refund for any fees paid to a website or website owner , please contact the website owner .
If you have a complaint regarding a website owner , you can contact us .
6. General Representation and Warranty
You represent and warrant that your use of our Services :
Will be in strict accordance with these Terms ;
Will comply with all applicable laws and regulations ( including , without limitation , all applicable laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content , privacy , data protection , the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside , the use or provision of financial services , notification and consumer protection , unfair competition , and false advertising ) ;
Will not use the Services for any unlawful purposes , to publish illegal content , or in furtherance of illegal activities ;
Will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party ;
Will not overburden Automattic ’s systems , as determined by us in our sole discretion ;
Will not disclose sensitive personal information of others ;
Will not be used to send spam or bulk unsolicited messages ;
Will not interfere with , disrupt , or attack any service or network ; and
Will not be used to create , distribute , or enable material that is – or that facilitates or operates in conjunction with – malware , spyware , adware , or other malicious programs or code .
7. Specific Service Terms
a. WordPress.com Websites and Accounts
WordPress.com enables you to create beautiful websites and blogs , and we would love for you to use it .
A WordPress.com account also allows you to sign into some of our Services .
WordPress.com ’s basic service is free , and we offer paid plans for advanced features such as a custom domain name , extra storage , and access to premium themes .
Our service is designed to give you as much control and ownership over what goes on your website as possible and encourage you to express yourself freely .
You own all content you post to your website .
However , be responsible in what you publish .
In particular , make sure that none of the prohibited items ( like spam , viruses , or serious threats of violence ) appear on your website .
If you find a WordPress.com website that you believe violates these Terms , please visit our dispute resolution and reporting page .
Your WordPress.com Website .
If you create a website on WordPress.com , you get to use an Automattic - owned subdomain , such as example.wordpress.com or mollys.food.blog .
You must not engage in “ domain squatting , ” claim an unreasonable number of subdomains ( as determined by us ) , or sell access to any subdomains .
License .
By submitting Content to Automattic for inclusion on your website , you grant Automattic a world - wide , royalty - free , and non-exclusive license to reproduce , modify , adapt , and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying , distributing , and promoting your website .
This license also allows Automattic to make any publicly - posted Content available to third parties selected by Automattic ( through Firehose , for example ) so that these third parties can analyze and distribute ( but not publicly display ) the Content through their services .
You also give other WordPress.com users permission to share your Content on other WordPress.com websites and add their own Content to it ( aka to “ reblog ” your Content ) , so long as they use only a portion of your post and they give you credit as the original author by linking back to your website ( the reblogging function on WordPress.com does this automatically ! ) .
Removing Content .
If you delete Content , we will use reasonable efforts to remove it from public view ( or in the case of a private website , from view by the authorized visitors ) on WordPress.com , but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable .
Web Traffic .
We use a third party , comScore , Inc. ( “ comScore ” ) , to measure WordPress.com ’s audience and usage .
By hosting your website on WordPress.com , you agree to assign the traffic relating to your website to Automattic and authorize us to sign a Traffic Assignment Letter on your behalf for comScore audience measurement reports .
Your website ’s traffic will be included under Automattic .
You understand that your website will not receive credit for traffic in these reports , and you must not assign your website ’s traffic to any other party .
If we or comScore require additional documentation to verify ownership of your website or domain name , you agree to make reasonable efforts to accommodate such requests .
Prohibited Uses .
By using WordPress.com , you represent and warrant that your Content and conduct do not violate the User Guidelines .
HTTPS .
We offer free HTTPS on all WordPress.com websites by default , including those using custom domains , via Let ’s Encrypt .
By signing up and using a custom domain on WordPress.com , you authorize us to act on the domain name registrant ’s behalf ( by requesting the necessary certificates , for example ) for the sole purpose of providing HTTPS on your website .
Advertisements .
We reserve the right to display advertisements on your website unless you have purchased a plan that includes the removal of ads .
Attribution .
We reserve the right to display attribution text or links in your website footer or toolbar , attributing WordPress.com or the theme author , for example .
Some of these attributions may not be altered or removed .
For more details about what these attributions might look like , and under which circumstances ( if any ) they may be altered or removed , please see our Admin and Action Bars support page .
Friends of WP.com
Themes .
By activating a partner theme from the Friends of WP.com section of our themes directory , you agree to that partner ’s terms of service .
You can decline the terms of service at any time by deactivating the partner theme .
Domain Names .
We act as a registrar and also work with third party registrars in order to provide domain name services .
When you register a domain name on WordPress.com or transfer an existing domain name to WordPress.com , the policies of the respective registry apply , and you become bound by the relevant registrar ’s terms and conditions , either the Automattic Domain Name Registration Agreement , Key - Systems GmbH Registration Agreement , Tucows Domain Inc. Registration Agreement , or this Domain Name Registration Agreement , in addition to these Terms .
When you register a domain , you ’re presented with and agree to the relevant domain registration agreement .
If you did n’t make a note of it , you can look it up at any time .
Please see this page for instructions on how to determine which domain registration agreement ( s ) apply to you and your domains .
These registrar terms are incorporated by reference into these Terms .
Your use of your domain name is also subject to the policies of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( “ ICANN ” ) .
You can read about your rights and responsibilities as a domain name registrant under ICANN ’s Registrar Accreditation Agreement and about domain name registration generally .
For details about what happens during the domain expiration process and how we may notify you of domain expiration , please see the Domain Expiration page .
Please refer to the domain pricing and available TLDs page for details about fees associated with domain registrations , renewals , and redemptions .
When you register a domain name , you ’re required to provide complete and accurate registration information .
In most cases , the contact information you provide as part of the registration process will be used as your administrative contact , technical contact , and billing contact .
This contact information can be updated at any time .
If the domain name registration information you ’ve provided differs from the WordPress.com account holder ’s information , we consider the administrative contact in the domain ’s WHOIS records ( the contact information provided on WordPress.com as part of the domain registration process ) to be the owner of the domain , with full authority to manage the domain .
b. Jetpack
Jetpack is a plugin that connects your self - hosted WordPress website to WordPress.com ’s infrastructure to give you powerful WordPress.com features .
Jetpack Content .
You ’re fully responsible for the content of any website you own that runs Jetpack ( “ Jetpack Content ” ) .
Features .
Jetpack includes various features , and you can visit Jetpack.com to learn more about them .
Some features , like Enhanced Distribution , when activated , will include your Jetpack Content in Firehose .
By activating these features , you grant us permission to display your Jetpack Content on WordPress.com for the purpose of distributing and promoting your website .
Some features are on by default and others you need to enable manually .
You can see which features are active , and activate and deactivate features , on your dashboard .
License .
By using Jetpack , you grant us access to your website ’s servers for the purpose of backing up and securing your Jetpack Content , and restoring files and database information ( which may include access details for multiple servers or accounts for each website that we backup ) .
Jetpack may temporarily install extra software on your website to backup your website and scan it for security vulnerabilities .
In order to address security vulnerabilities , we may push an upgrade to your website or access your website to remove malicious code .
We may also manually access your site to troubleshoot your support requests or if there ’s an emergency .
You agree that we may scan your website , and compile aggregated / anonymized statistics for our internal use to optimize Jetpack ’s performance .
By submitting Content to Automattic for inclusion on your website , you grant Automattic a world - wide , royalty - free , and non-exclusive license to reproduce , modify , adapt , and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying , distributing , and promoting your website .
This license also allows Automattic to make any publicly - posted Content available to third parties selected by Automattic ( through Firehose , for example ) so that these third parties can analyze and distribute ( but not publicly display ) the Content through their services .
Storage of Information .
Certain Jetpack features rely on WordPress.com servers to function , such as those that allow you to send email , publish links , relate posts to each other , or resize images .
To take advantage of the performance boosting features of Jetpack , certain information about the Content , settings , and setup of your website are synced with our servers , as described on our What Data Does Jetpack Sync ? support page .
Prohibited Uses .
Your website and Jetpack Content must comply with Jetpack ’s Service Guidelines .
c. VaultPress
VaultPress is a subscription - based security and backup service for self - hosted WordPress websites .
VaultPress Content .
VaultPress will backup your WordPress content ( e.g. , your WordPress database , plugins , themes , and uploads , as well as some additional files , as described in this introduction to VaultPress ) ( “ VaultPress Content ” ) .
You can view the Content that VaultPress backs up via your VaultPress dashboard .
You ’re fully responsible for your VaultPress Content .
It ’s your responsibility to ensure that your website ’s Content abides by applicable laws and by these Terms .
We do n’t actively review the VaultPress Content .
Access .
If you lose access to your WordPress.com account , you may not be able to access your backed up VaultPress Content .
License .
By using VaultPress , you grant us access to your website ’s servers for the purpose of backing up and securing your VaultPress Content , and restoring files and database information ( which may include access details for multiple servers or accounts for each website that we backup ) .
In order to address security vulnerabilities , we may push an upgrade to your website , or we may access your website to remove malicious code .
We may also scan VaultPress Content and compile aggregated / anonymized statistics for our internal use to optimize the performance of the VaultPress service .
You also grant us a worldwide , royalty - free , and non-exclusive license to copy and store your VaultPress Content , to the extent necessary to operate the VaultPress service .
These Terms do n’t give us any rights in your VaultPress Content , beyond those we need to operate VaultPress .
You own your VaultPress Content .
Cancellation .
If you cancel your subscription to VaultPress , we will queue your backed - up VaultPress Content for deletion .
d. Happy Tools
Happy Tools is a suite of software and consulting services to help modern and distributed companies manage , grow , and support their business .
Prohibited Uses .
You agree not to :
Modify , decompile , reverse engineer or otherwise alter or seek to derive the trade secrets and other inherent intellectual property of Happy Tools ; or
License , sublicense , sell , resell , rent , lease , transfer , assign , distribute , or otherwise commercially exploit or make Happy Tools available to any third party , other than your authorized users .
e. Ecommerce Services
There are certain features offered via WooCommerce , WooCommerce Services , WordPress.com , or Jetpack that enable you to sell items ( goods , content , services , etc. ) or receive payments on your website , such as WooCommerce Payments , Store , the Payments feature , and the Pay with PayPal block ( collectively , “ Ecommerce Services ” ) .
If you use WooCommerce , the WooCommerce Use Terms also apply .
If you use any Ecommerce Services , you represent and warrant that any information you provide about your business , products , and services is accurate , complete , and will be kept current .
You agree to promptly notify us via email if you receive any inquiry or action from a government or regulatory agency ( such as the Federal Trade Commission or a state Attorney General ) relating to your transactions .
Usage of Information .
WooCommerce Services may require Automattic ’s servers , a connection to our partners , and / or data from your website , to work , as described on our “ What Data Does Jetpack Sync ? ” support page .
Prohibited Uses .
You may not use Ecommerce Services for any unlawful purposes , in furtherance of illegal activities , or in a manner that is unfair , deceptive , exposes us or customers to unreasonable risks , or does not disclose important terms of a transaction in advance .
Ecommerce Services cannot be used in or for the benefit of a country , organization , entity , or person embargoed or blocked by any government , including those on sanctions lists identified by the United States Office of Foreign Asset Control ( OFAC ) .
If you ’re using Ecommerce Services on WordPress.com , you must not violate our User Guidelines or Store Guidelines .
If you ’re using Ecommerce Services to sell CBD and other hemp - derived products , you must not violate the WooCommerce Guidelines for CBD and Other Hemp - Derived Products .
We may terminate your access to Ecommerce Services or force refunds ( where possible ) to your subscribers and customers without notice to you if we determine ( in our sole discretion ) that your use is in violation of these Terms , or if a payment processor or regulatory authority directs us to do so .
Third Party Services .
You may choose to set up and / or use third party services , such as Stripe or PayPal to collect payment , TaxJar to calculate Taxes , or EasyPost to manage shipping .
Please note that WooCommerce Payments is powered by Stripe .
If you use WooCommerce Payments or any third - party services , some of your — and your customers ’ — data may be submitted directly to or passed to the respective third party , and the respective third party ’s terms of service , privacy policy , and other policies may apply .
For example , if you use Payments , you must create or use an existing Stripe account to manage payments , and by using Stripe , you agree to their terms and policies .
Please note that third party services may also charge you fees to use or access their services , for example , as Stripe does for Payments .
We are not involved in these relationships , but may facilitate transactions or communication .
For example , we may , on your behalf , receive notices or forms relating to your Stripe account .
Please note that some of these third party services ( like TaxJar if you use Store ) may be enabled by default , but you may disable them before your store is set up .
If you do not want to use these third party services , please disable them .
More on WooCommerce Payments Specifically .
As part of WooCommerce Payments , we may use certain third parties to fulfill our obligations to you , including integrating with payment processing third parties .
You may be subject to terms and conditions with those third parties and agree to comply with those terms and conditions .
In particular , you may not use WooCommerce Payments to enable any person ( including you ) to benefit from restricted businesses or activities .
If we use another third party to fulfill these services , you authorize us to share your payment method information with an alternative third - party payment processor that is or will be integrated into WooCommerce Payments .
We may refuse , condition , or suspend any transaction or account ( including your use of WooCommerce Payments ) if we believe you have violated these Terms or if we believe your activities or transactions expose you , us , or others to unacceptable risks , as determined by us in our sole discretion .
You authorize us to share data relating to WooCommerce Payments with the applicable payment processing third party for their use in accordance with their privacy policy .
Please refer to our privacy policy for details on how we otherwise collect , use , and disclose data made available to us as part of WooCommerce Payments .
Fees and Negative Balances .
In some cases , you pay us fees relating to the Ecommerce Services you use .
For example , for the Payments feature , you pay us a percentage ( which depends on your plan ) of the revenue your website generates through Payments ; you authorize Stripe to direct payment of that percentage to us .
As another example , if you use WooCommerce Payments , there are transaction fees and dispute fees .
Please note that we have no obligation to reimburse or refund these revenue - based fees when you issue refunds to your subscribers or customers .
If you have a negative account balance ( for example because of fraud , chargebacks , or other operational issues ) or we are obligated to pay or collect any fees relating to your ecommerce activities or your use of Ecommerce Services , you are responsible for those losses and fees , and we may collect payment for those losses and fees .
Tax Calculations .
You are responsible for payment of all applicable Taxes relating to your ecommerce activities and your use of Ecommerce Services .
You must collect , report , and / or pay the correct amounts to the appropriate authorities if applicable , and if needed , inform your customers about any Taxes they may be required to pay and issue appropriate invoices .
While some Ecommerce Services ( for example , tax calculations may be provided by TaxJar , if you are using Store ) allow you to include sales taxes or Value Added Taxes in transactions , you should not rely solely on these features .
While our goal is to keep our documents and tools up - to - date , tax laws change rapidly , and we do not guarantee that tax calculations you receive through or in connection with our Services are complete and accurate .
Tax laws also differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may be subject to different interpretations by different authorities .
We recommend that you consult with a tax professional for your specific tax situation when assessing the correct tax rates you should charge .
If we are obligated to pay or collect Taxes on your ecommerce activities or your use of Ecommerce Services , you are responsible for such Taxes , and we may collect payment for such Taxes .
Shipping Services .
Shipping labels are provided by EasyPost and allow you to take advantage of real - time shipping rates to purchase postage and print shipping labels from certain mailing services , such as UPS , USPS , and Canada Post .
We act only as an intermediary between you and these third parties ; we are not involved in any way with your product or its shipment .
We also do not warrant that the results you obtain from the use of these services ( rates and labels , for example ) will be accurate or reliable .
You are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable rules and regulations , including domestic and international shipping and customs regulations and those of the relevant mailing service .
For example , if you use USPS postage , you will need to comply with their shipping restrictions and mailing standards , among others .
In addition , you are solely responsible for customs charges , import taxes or duties , or any other charges related to your shipments .
If any charges are assessed against us as a result of your use of the shipping services , you will reimburse us for the full amount within 7 days .
Please note that in some cases , you may need to pay fees to the carrier directly , like if you use UPS shipping labels .
In other cases , you authorize us to charge you for the fees associated with each shipping label you create .
Each fee will be charged separately to the payment methods you have provided in your WordPress.com account , which you can view and manage as described on the Payments Methods support page .
If you have multiple payment methods , you can select which should be used for the shipping label service .
If we are unable to collect payment from you for these fees , you will be responsible for payment within 7 days ; please contact us to remit payment .
Refunds for unused shipping labels must be requested in your store ’s wp - admin within 30 days of creating the label .
Please note that depending on your bank and the third party involved , it may take up to 45 days for your refund to issue .
If you have n’t received your refund within this time frame , please contact us .
You may not transfer or sell postage and / or shipping labels to a third party .
Your Responsibilities .
You may only use Ecommerce Services for legitimate transactions with your customers .
You are solely responsible for all of your ecommerce activities , including managing subscriptions for your website , managing your store , all applicable taxes and fees , compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ( PCI DSS ) , and compliance with any applicable laws ( such as those relating to automatic renewal ) .
Among other things , this means that :
We are not involved in your relationships or transactions with any customer or potential customer .
You should use your best judgment .
For example , you may not want to accept check payments if you ’re not comfortable sharing your mailing address with customers .
You must accurately communicate transactions , set expectations appropriately , and fulfill all promises , representations , or warranties you ’ve made .
For example , if you ’d like to provide your visitors or subscribers with a new post each week for contributing to your site via Payments , but are n’t sure if you ’ll be able to post that frequently , you should make it clear that it ’s a goal and not a guarantee .
You are responsible for the nature and quality of the products or services you provide , and for delivery , support , refunds , returns , and any other ancillary services you provide to your customers .
You are responsible for resolving all support questions , comments , and complaints , including chargebacks and pricing questions .
You must provide contact information so that customers may contact you with questions or complaints .
You will maintain a fair return , refund , cancellation , or adjustment policy , and clearly explain how customers can request a refund .
You are responsible for acquiring appropriate consent to submit charges through WooCommerce Payments on your customers ’ behalf , providing confirmation or receipts to customers for each charge , verifying customers ’ identities , and determining a customer ’s eligibility and authority to complete transactions .
If you believe that a transaction is erroneous or suspicious , you should research the transaction and , if necessary , contact your customer before fulfilling or completing the transaction .
If you have transactions with individuals ( i.e. consumers ) , you specifically agree to provide consumers disclosures required by law , and to not engage in unfair , deceptive , or abusive acts or practices ( “ UDAAP ” ) .
You are financially liable for disputes ( including chargebacks ) , refunds , reversals , or fines that arise from your use of Ecommerce Services .
8. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy
As we ask others to respect our intellectual property rights , we respect the intellectual property rights of others .
If you believe that material located on or associated with an Automattic product or service violates your copyright , please notify us in accordance with Automattic ’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( “ DMCA ” ) Policy .
We will respond to all such notices , including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material .
We will terminate a visitor ’s access to and use of the website if , under appropriate circumstances , the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Automattic or others .
In the case of such termination , we will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to us .
9. Intellectual Property
The Agreement does not transfer from Automattic to you any Automattic or third party intellectual property , and all right , title , and interest in and to such property will remain ( as between the parties ) solely with Automattic .
Automattic , WordPress , WordPress.com , the WordPress.com logo , and all other trademarks , service marks , graphics , and logos used in connection with WordPress.com or our Services , are trademarks or registered trademarks of Automattic or Automattic ’s licensors .
Other trademarks , service marks , graphics , and logos used in connection with our Services may be the trademarks of other third parties .
Your use of our Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Automattic or third party trademarks .
10 . Third Party Services
In using the Services , you may enable or use services , products , software ( like themes or plugins ) , embeds , or applications developed by a third party or yourself ( “ Third Party Services ” ) on your website .
If you use any Third Party Services , you understand that :
Third Party Services are not vetted , endorsed , or controlled by Automattic .
Any use of a Third Party Service is at your own risk , and we shall not be responsible or liable to anyone for Third Party Services .
Your use is solely between you and the respective third party ( “ Third Party ” ) and will be governed by the Third Party ’s terms and policies .
It is your responsibility to review the Third Party ’s terms and policies before using a Third Party Service .
Some Third Party Services may request or require access to your ( yours , your visitors ’ , or customers ’ ) data , for example , via a pixel or cookie .
If you use the Third Party Service or grant access , your data will be handled in accordance with the Third Party ’s privacy policy and practices .
We do not have control over how a Third Party Service may use your data .
You should carefully review Third Party Services ’ data collection , retention , and use policies and practices before enabling Third Party Services .
Third Party Services may not work appropriately with your website , and we may not be able to provide support for issues caused by any Third Party Services .
If you have questions or concerns about how a Third Party Service operates , or need support , please contact the Third Party directly .
In rare cases , we may at our discretion , suspend , disable , or remove Third Party Services from your account or website .
11 . G Suite
If you purchase a G Suite subscription , this section applies .
G Suite is provided by Google , and your use of G Suite is subject to Google ’s Terms of Use for the services , which you ’ll accept prior to using G Suite for the first time .
Automattic is an authorized reseller of G Suite , but makes no warranties about the services provided by Google , and disclaims Google ’s liability for any damages arising from our distribution and resale of their services .
Google will provide technical support for its services , per its Technical Support Services Guidelines .
If you ’re a business and purchase G Suite for your WordPress.com website , you represent that you have 749 or fewer staff members .
12 . Changes
We are constantly updating our Services and that means sometimes we have to change the legal terms under which our Services are offered .
These Terms may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Automattic , or by the posting by Automattic of a revised version .
If we make changes that are material , we will let you know by posting on one of our blogs , or by sending you an email or other communication before the changes take effect .
The notice will designate a reasonable period of time after which the new terms will take effect .
If you disagree with our changes , then you should stop using our Services within the designated notice period , or once the changes become effective .
Your continued use of our Services will be subject to the new terms .
However , any dispute that arose before the changes shall be governed by the Terms ( including the binding individual arbitration clause ) that were in place when the dispute arose .
13 . Termination
We may terminate your access to all or any part of our Services at any time , with or without cause , with or without notice , effective immediately .
We have the right ( though not the obligation ) to , in our sole discretion , ( i ) reclaim your username or website ’s URL due to prolonged inactivity , ( ii ) refuse or remove any content that , in our reasonable opinion , violates any Automattic policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable , ( iii ) ask you to make some adjustments , restrict the resources your website uses , or terminate your Services , if we believe your website ’s storage or bandwidth usage is out of hand and burdens our systems ( which is rare and typically only occurs when a website is used for file sharing or storage ) , or ( iv ) terminate or deny access to and use of any of our Services to any individual or entity for any reason .
We will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid .
If you wish to terminate the Agreement or your WordPress.com account , you may simply discontinue using our Services , or , if you are using a paid service , you may cancel at any time , subject to the Fees , Payment , and Renewal section in these Terms .
All provisions of the Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination , including , without limitation , ownership provisions , warranty disclaimers , indemnity , and limitations of liability .
14 . Disclaimer of Warranties
Our Services are provided “ as is . ”
Automattic and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind , express or implied , including , without limitation , the warranties of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement .
Neither Automattic , nor its suppliers and licensors , makes any warranty that our Services will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted .
If you ’re actually reading this , here ’s a treat .
You understand that you download from , or otherwise obtain content or services through , our Services at your own discretion and risk .
15 . Jurisdiction and Applicable Law .
Except to the extent any applicable law provides otherwise , the Agreement and any access to or use of our Services will be governed by the laws of the state of California , U.S.A. , excluding its conflict of law provisions .
The proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to the Agreement and any access to or use of our Services will be the state and federal courts located in San Francisco County , California .
16 . Arbitration Agreement
Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights ( which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond ) , any dispute arising under the Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service , Inc. ( “ JAMS ” ) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules .
The arbitration shall take place in San Francisco , California , in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court .
The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce the Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys ’ fees .
17 . Limitation of Liability
In no event will Automattic , or its suppliers , partners , or licensors , be liable with respect to any subject matter of the Agreement under any contract , negligence , strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for : ( i ) any special , incidental or consequential damages ; ( ii ) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services ; ( iii ) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data ; or ( iv ) for any amounts that exceed $ 50 or the fees paid by you to Automattic under the Agreement during the twelve ( 12 ) month period prior to the cause of action , whichever is greater .
Automattic shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control .
The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law .
18 . Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Automattic , its contractors , and its licensors , and their respective directors , officers , employees , and agents from and against any and all losses , liabilities , demands , damages , costs , claims , and expenses , including attorneys ’ fees , arising out of or related to your use of our Services , including but not limited to your violation of the Agreement or any agreement with a provider of third - party services used in connection with the Services , Content that you post , and any ecommerce activities conducted through your or another user ’s website .
19 . US Economic Sanctions
You expressly represent and warrant that your use of our Services and / or associated services and products is not contrary to applicable U.S. Sanctions .
Such use is prohibited , and we reserve the right to terminate accounts or access of those in the event of a breach of this condition .
20 . Data Processing Agreement
If you need a Data Processing Agreement with us for the GDPR requirements that apply to us as a data processor for your website , please follow these instructions .
21 . Translation
These Terms were originally written in English ( US ) .
We may translate these terms into other languages .
In the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms and the English version , the English version will control .
22 . Miscellaneous
The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Automattic and you concerning the subject matter hereof .
If any part of the Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable , that part will be construed to reflect the parties ’ original intent , and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect .
A waiver by either party of any term or condition of the Agreement or any breach thereof , in any one instance , will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof .
You may assign your rights under the Agreement to any party that consents to , and agrees to be bound by , its terms and conditions ; Automattic may assign its rights under the Agreement without condition .
The Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties , their successors and permitted assigns .
Print friendly version
Change log
It was a particularly cacophonous performance of “ Auld Lang Syne . ”
But for the Knitting Factory ’s last night in Manhattan , it was appropriate , as the shaggy avant - folk group Akron / Family led a version of the Scots New Year ’s hymn on Wednesday night that mutated from a simple singalong to screeching feedback to a meditative one - note drone .
The Knitting Factory has been celebrating noise and eclecticism since it opened on East Houston Street in 1987 , and in its earlier days the club gained a wide reputation as a defining stage of downtown music , that clamorous and unclassifiable New York amalgam of jazz , punk , art - rock and experimental new music .
Image A drum set in the basement performance space after closing .
Credit ... Josh Haner / The New York Times
But eventually , gentrification came to claim the arty Manhattan outpost , and on Wednesday the Knitting Factory had the last show in the TriBeCa building that has been its home for the last 14 years .
In May it is to reopen in a considerably smaller and less expensive space in Williamsburg , Brooklyn .
On Thursday , 1 Jan. ' 09 , the Israeli air force bombed the house of Nizar Rayan , a senior Hamas official , in the Jabalya refugee camp .
The blast killed Rayan , his four wives , and their eleven children , ranging in age from 1 - 12 years old .
According to the army spokesperson , " the house served as a large munitions warehouse and as a war room .
Under the house was an escape tunnel for terrorist members of Hamas 's military wing . "
Even if the army spokesperson 's statement is accurate , the large toll of civilian lives renders the attack a grave breach of international humanitarian law .
In the current situation in the Gaza Strip , it is hard to think of a definite military advantage that could have been achieved by bombing the house and killing Rayan , that can justify the killing of 13 women and children
According to the media , official sources indicated that the army had warned the family members of their intention to bomb the house , but they refused to leave .
Even if true , this does not exempt the army from responsibility for the killing of civilians , given that it knew or should have known that the residents had not left the house and that they would be injured in the blast .
THIS Heisman
Ham trophy winner has ALL his football - shaped baloney sandwiches with mustard " strings " READY for tomorrow 's game .
Do YOU !?
This encore presentayshe brought to you by Meg .
I noticed this stash of cupboard doors at my local salvage yard .
The white one was the perfect size to make a serving tray .
The old drawer pulls — also found at the salvage yard — made ideal handles .
Their swirly shape gave me the inspiration for the pattern I painted .
All it took was a little black paint .
As with many of my projects , the possibilities are limitless : change the handles , add découpage or fabric , paint it a different color , or just leave it classic white .
UPDATE : Next time I do this project , I ’m tempted to try a Sharpie paint pen instead .
It sounds like it will be faster and easier .
( This post contains affiliate links .
If you use these links to buy something , I may earn a small commission .
You can read my full disclosure here . )
" Public Service Broadcasters like the BBC are not required to disclose information under the Freedom of Information
Act if it is for the purposes of ' journalism , art and literature ' .
The Law Lords have ordered that the issue of what is meant by ' journalism , art and literature ' in this instance is now a matter for the High Court . "
L'omnichord est un de ces instruments qui permettent de faire des accords , et des chansons plus ou moins tout seul .
On voit jamais comment ça peut vraiment servir , mais c'est toujours marrant .
On commence direct avec la vidéo la plus folle , une reprise d'AC / DC tout seul batterie , voix , omnichord , le mec a pas l'air de vouloir partager sa thune avec des gens quand il sera célèbre !!!
Et une autre , en concert , mais tout seul cette fois , c'est bien plus technique.et on fini par ...
David Bowie !!
oulà !
Son bien cheap , il a pas peur , ça passe bien .
De toute façon , avec un son pareil , il est obligé d'assumer à fond !
( comme lui , avec son KazooKeylele )
Pas le choix !
Ressources :
In 2008 , Grand Theft Auto IV on console was released in Australia in a censored form .
No blood pools , no sexy camera angles .
In 2009 , though ?
All is forgiven , all censorship , removed .
Advertisement
How ?
Well , let 's just say that for all the complicated legal issues that make Australia 's classification laws more cumbersome than most Americans realise , the Classification Board are n't without blame ( though , as we 'll get to in a minute , neither are Rockstar ) .
They 're woefully inconsistent .
They 'll let some games in for drug use , but outlaw others .
They 'll refuse classification for a game featuring polygonal dismemberment , but allow one ( Gears 2 ) that lets you literally bathe up to your waist in blood .
Advertisement
And it's that inconsistency that 's probably allowed the following crazy events .
See , the original Australian version of GTAIV on console was censored ( by , it should be noted , Rockstar themselves , to keep things on schedule and avoid delays ) .
Blood was kept to a minimum , and you could n't enjoy the same kind of intimate viewing experience with ladies of the night as you could elsewhere .
But when the PC version rolled around later in the year ( this time submitted for classification by Rockstar uncut ) , it passed without incident .
It did include blood pools , and it also included the full range of sex - related camera angles , despite being the same game intended for the same audience .
Newly - released expansion Lost & Damned is no different .
It 's been given an MA15 + rating - the highest permissible in the country - and will have all the blood and sex that was deemed unacceptable less than a year ago in the same country .
Advertisement
Leaving us with this absurd situation :
If you boot up your 360 copy of GTAIV and play GTAIV , it 's censored .
But if you boot up your 360 copy of GTAIV and play L&D , you 'll get the full , uncensored experience .
Sigh .
Blame the Classification Board ( whose precedents no doubt encouraged Rockstar 's original self - censoring ) , blame Rockstar , does n't matter , any way you look at it this is the latest tale in a long line of frustrating tales for Australian gamers .
The 68 - year - old , identified only by her last name Cha , has taken the test almost every working day since 2005 in the southwestern city of Jeonju .
She failed again on Monday for the 771st time .
You can already import activities from YouTube into your activity stream on social networks like Facebook and FriendFeed , but now the video sharing site is expanding its API to give all developers access to this data .
The expanded API includes YouTube activities like favoriting , uploading , and commenting on videos , which the company hopes will lead to an ecosystem of external applications that include “ the obvious social network / feed aggregator integrations , to notification apps , to novel data views . ”
In a blog post , the company notes that privacy settings will be preserved on external apps , so , a video uploaded that is friends - only will not find its way to the public on third - party sites .
YouTube seems a bit late to the party on this one – I seem to find out about interesting videos via a lot of other mediums , ranging from friend ’s sending me something , to Facebook or Friendfeed activity streams , to simply visiting YouTube .
That said , real - time push notifications when folks you subscribe to upload or favorite a video is definitely of value to millions of people , and I ’m sure we ’ll quickly see several applications that leverage the API to addresses this need .
Additional YouTube Resources from Mashable
SKITTLES : THE CANDY OF QUEERS !
OUTRAGEOUS PERVERTED HORRORS ! - 01-11-2009 , 02:44 AM
01-11-2009 , 02:44 AM
This evening while I was expressing a high degree of intense revulsion at my own nakedness in the shower , the Holy Spirit came upon me and told me to write to all of you about the dangers of these nefarious little candies !
ATTENTION : WOMEN , CHILDREN , AND THOSE WITH WEAK SPIRITUAL CONSTITUTIONS SHOULD NOT CONTINUE !
Right off the bat we can see that these sodomite sweets are attractively decorated with the bright colors of the rainbow , which was long ago adopted as the homo calling card .
The term " Original Fruit " is splattered across the top of the packaging , which is homosexual code language for " virgin testicles . "
There was a 200 % increase in Skittles sales when they started using that slogan .
At the same time , incidents of homosexuals abducting and raping young Christian boys skyrocketed .
Coincidence ?
I doubt it .
When we view Skittles closeup , it is obvious that they have been modeled after a ) the male buttocks , or b ) testicles .
Each color of Skittles has a different meaning .
Homosexuals will keep a variety of these in their pockets , and when they see a potential homosexual or homosexual recruit , they will attempt to hand - feed it into their mouth .
According to the color , that is what the " host " wants to do with the " guest . "
GREEN : Fornicate in a public park
YELLOW : Abduct a christian man and take turns urinating on his face
RED : Spank the " guest 's " behind with a leather strap
ORANGE : Fornicate with vegetables stolen from a True Christian farmer
BROWN : The " host " will insert Skittles candies ' up there ' and then pay the " vendor " with a kiss every time he wants a pile of candies excreted into his palm or even directly into his mouth !
Friends , I am calling for a ban on ALL Skittles products , whether it be food , clothing or decorative ornaments !
THERE IS REASON TO BELIEVE THAT SKITTLES MAY BE INJECTED WITH THE AIDS OR SOME KIND OF GAY CHEMICAL THAT CAUSES AN ADDICTION TO SAME SEX ACTIVITY !
If you find your children eating these candies , TAKE THEM AWAY AT ONCE AND BEAT YOUR KIDS FOR EXPERIMENTING IN THE HOMOSEXUAL LIFESTYLE !
MAY GOD KEEP YOUR FAMILIES SAFE !
Taste the rainbow , indeed !
The homosexual agenda has taken many shapes and sizes , but we have been onto it at every turn of it's quest to recruit our children to the queer lifestyle !
This evening while I was expressing a high degree of intense revulsion at my own nakedness in the shower , the Holy Spirit came upon me and told me to write to all of you about the dangers of these nefarious little candies !
Right off the bat we can see that these sodomite sweets are attractively decorated with the bright colors of the rainbow , which was long ago adopted as the homo calling card .
The term " Original Fruit " is splattered across the top of the packaging , which is homosexual code language for " virgin testicles . "
There was a 200 % increase in Skittles sales when they started using that slogan .
At the same time , incidents of homosexuals abducting and raping young Christian boys skyrocketed .
Coincidence ?
I doubt it .
When we view Skittles closeup , it is obvious that they have been modeled after a ) the male buttocks , or b ) testicles .
Each color of Skittles has a different meaning .
Homosexuals will keep a variety of these in their pockets , and when they see a potential homosexual or homosexual recruit , they will attempt to hand - feed it into their mouth .
According to the color , that is what the " host " wants to do with the " guest .
"
GREEN : Fornicate in a public parkYELLOW : Abduct a christian man and take turns urinating on his faceRED : Spank the " guest 's " behind with a leather strapORANGE : Fornicate with vegetables stolen from a True Christian farmerBROWN :
The " host " will insert Skittles candies ' up there ' and then pay the " vendor " with a kiss every time he wants a pile of candies excreted into his palm or even directly into his mouth !
Friends , I am calling for a ban on ALL Skittles products , whether it be food , clothing or decorative ornaments !
THERE IS REASON TO BELIEVE THAT SKITTLES MAY BE INJECTED WITH THE AIDS OR SOME KIND OF GAY CHEMICAL THAT CAUSES AN ADDICTION TO SAME SEX ACTIVITY !
If you find your children eating these candies , TAKE THEM AWAY AT ONCE AND BEAT YOUR KIDS FOR EXPERIMENTING IN THE HOMOSEXUAL LIFESTYLE !MAY GOD KEEP YOUR FAMILIES SAFE !
The eyes of the LORD are in every place , beholding the evil and the good .
- Proverbs 15:3
CHILDREN'S STORY : TIMMY ON TRIAL
CHRISTIAN ADVICE AND MESSAGES OF HOPE !
GOD'S GREATEST HITS !
- Proverbs 15:3 Last edited by Bob4God ; 01-24-2010 at 06:05 AM
.
Reason : Fixed a picture Last edited by Bob4God ; 01-24-2010 at .
Reason : Fixed a picture
HuffPo :
Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) , who broke with his party to support President Obama 's stimulus package last week , said before the final vote Friday that more of his colleagues would have joined were they not afraid of the political consequences .
" When I came back to the cloak room after coming to the agreement a week ago today , " said Specter , " one of my colleagues said , ' Arlen , I 'm proud of you . '
My Republican colleague said , ' Arlen , I 'm proud of you . '
I said , ' Are you going to vote with me ? '
And he said , ' No , I might have a primary . '
And I said , ' Well , you know very well I 'm going to have a primary . ' "
Specter , along with centrist Maine Republican Senators Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe , joined with Democrats last week to move the stimulus bill forward .
Specter said he doubted there would be any more Republican votes than those three Friday night .
" I think there are a lot of people in the Republican caucus who are glad to see this action taken without their fingerprints , without their participation , " he said .
Specter was asked , How many of your colleagues ?
" I think a sizable number , " he said .
" I think a good part of the caucus agrees with the person I quoted , but I would n't want to begin to speculate on numbers . "
Lugar turns down Air Force One invite
My colleague Carol Lee reports that Indiana Republican Senator Dick Lugar wo n't accompany President Obama to his home state tomorrow , despite an invitation from the president .
Indiana 's other senator , Democrat Evan Bayh , will be aboard Air Force One , along with six seven current and former members of Congress , one of whom , Brad Ellsworth , voted against the House bill .
A White House official confirmed that Lugar had been invited ; a Lugar spokesman did n't respond to a question of why the senator would not be present .
Also on the trip : Rep. Fred Upton , who represents a district in Michigan along the Indiana border , who voted against the stimulus package in the House .
But he also immediately issued a statement afterwards signaling he could be persuaded .
The House bill was “ not the first step we should take to turn the economy around , ” Upton said in the statement , while adding that he was “ heartened that [ Obama ] will fulfill his pledge to work together in crafting a bipartisan package . ”
Obama invited Upton to his Super Bowl party last weekend , and the congressman was one of a small group of guests at White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel ’s dinner on January 27 , the night before the House passed the $ 819 billion stimulus bill without a single Republican vote .
Controversial gov-plunder warboffinry firm Qinetiq - in partnership with US armsbiz giants - has won a £ 3 m deal from the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) for a prototype server intended to prevent " friendly fire " incidents .
Qinetiq will ally with General Dynamics and Rockwell Collins to provide the MoD with a " Joint Data Network Combat Identification Server Technical Demonstrator " .
The idea of the Combat ID Server is to provide strike pilots , artillery commanders and other openers of battlefield cans of whup - ass with " near real time " locations of friendly units .
This , it is hoped , will reduce the tendency for British troops to be accidentally hit by friendly forces .
The server will take in position reports from a bewildering panoply of different military networks .
This will include the British ground forces ' much - maligned Bowman digital comms , each node of which is able to report its own location into the " radio cloud " using integrated GPS sat nav .
The idea is that suitably equipped strike jets , artillery command posts and so on will be able to query the Combat ID server routinely as they prepare to bring the good news of peace and democracy to the tough places of the world .
Should a British unit be in their gunsights , the system will automatically tell them so .
One might note , however , that one of the most important Bowman radios in this context - the " portable " unit carried by the leader of each four man team of footsoldiers - may be a problem here .
Frustrated by its poor battery life and the fact that the battery must be removed to check how much juice remains , troops on the ground not infrequently leave it switched off so as to be sure there will still be power when they need to send a message .
This naturally will mean that they do n't appear on the Combat ID Server data - map .
But perhaps these problems will have been sorted out by the time the friendly - fire - defence system is in field service .
Qinetiq says that the tech demonstrator will have been built and tested by June 2010 , with fielding to follow on from there if all goes well .
Rockwell 's existing " Rosetta " data - gate tech and GD's NetLink will be used , but " all development and integration work will be conducted within the UK " by Qinetiq and the two US firms '
British subsidiaries . ®
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Christian nurse from Weston - super - Mare has been suspended for offering to pray for a patient 's recovery .
Community nurse Caroline Petrie , 45 , says she asked an elderly woman patient during a home visit if she wanted her to say a prayer for her .
The patient complained to the health trust about Mrs Petrie who follows the Baptist faith .
She was suspended , without pay , on 17 December and will find out the outcome of her disciplinary meeting next week .
Power of prayer Mrs Petrie , who carries out home visits in North Somerset , said she had asked the patient if she would like a prayer said for her after she had put dressings on the woman 's legs .
The patient , believed to be in her 70s , refused and Mrs Petrie insists that she left the matter alone .
The sick woman contacted the trust about the incident and Mrs Petrie was challenged by her superiors .
We are always keen to be respectful of our patients ' views and sensitivity as well as those of our staff
North Somerset Primary Care Trust
Mrs Petrie said : " The woman mentioned it to the sister who did her dressing the following day .
She said that she was n't offended but was concerned that someone else might be .
" I was spoken to by my manager .
She said ' I 've got a letter in one hand and an incident form in the other .
You wo n't be able to work until we 've investigated this incident ' . "
Mrs Petrie , who qualified as a nurse in 1985 , said she became a Christian following the death of her mother .
" My faith got stronger and I realised God was doing amazing things in my life .
" I saw my patients suffering and as I believe in the power of prayer , I began asking them if they wanted me to pray for them .
They are absolutely delighted . "
A spokesman for North Somerset Primary Care Trust said : " Caroline Petrie has been suspended pending an investigation into the matter .
" She is a bank nurse and has been told we will not be using her in this capacity until the outcome of our investigation is known .
" We always take any concerns raised by our patients most seriously and conscientiously investigate any matter of this nature brought to our attention .
" We are always keen to be respectful of our patients ' views and sensitivity as well as those of our staff . "
Mrs Petrie says that she has taken advice from the Christian Legal Centre , which aims to protect the religious freedom of people who follow the Christian faith .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The benefits of aerobic activity are well documented regarding overall physical health and well - being .
Many studies have also shown an association between aerobic activity and cognitive function , but the mechanism was unclear .
Now , we may know the reason .
A new study presented at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America reported that adults who exercise regularly exhibit increased blood flow to the brain , as well as more small vessels in the brain , compared with those who do not exercise regularly .
This study posits that the differences in blood flow between exercisers and non-exercisers could explain why physical activity prevents cognitive decline as people age .
The researchers at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill evaluated 12 adults , aged 60 to 76 years old .
Six of the subjects reported participating in aerobic exercise for 3 or more hours each week for the past 10 years .
The remaining 6 subjects reported exercising less than 1 hour each week .
The researchers conducted MRI scans and magnetic resonance angiography ( MRA ) of the patients ’ brains and created 3 - D models of the blood vessels .
According to these models , the inactive group experienced more unpredictable blood flow through the brain , as well as possessing fewer small blood vessels than the active group .
As we age , our body — and brain — undergoes changes that can lead to physical and cognitive decline .
Among these is the narrowing and loss of small blood vessels .
Exercise reverses this blood vessel destruction in other parts of the body , so it is not surprising that it may have the same effect in the brain .
To date , most studies examining exercise and cognitive function focused on aerobic activity , and used prospective or retrospective study designs .
Randomized clinical trials are needed to fully assess the impact of exercise on cognitive decline .
Likewise , resistance exercise and other types of physical activity need to be considered , in addition to aerobic exercise , as beneficial in cognition .
We already know that resistance exercise reduces morbidity and mortality in senior citizens , including decreased fall and fracture risk , and overall physical disability associated with aging .
Physical activity is valuable in the healthy aging process .
Regular activity not only improves cardiovascular , respiratory , and muscular fitness , but also has positive effects on motor function , cognitive speed , memory function , and auditory and visual attention .
Exercise also significantly improves mood in seniors and improves overall quality of life .
The newest research demonstrates , once again , that the benefits of regular exercise are limitless .
Routine physical activity should be encouraged for most patients , as part of a healthy aging process .
References
Angevaren M , Aufdemkampe G , Verhaar HJ , Aleman A , Vanhees L. Physical activity and enhanced fitness to improve cognitive function in older people without known cognitive impairment .
Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2008 ( 3) : CD005381 .
Angevaren M , Aufdemkampe G , Verhaar HJ , Aleman A , Vanhees L. Physical activity and enhanced fitness to improve cognitive function in older people without known cognitive impairment .
Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2008 ( 2) : CD005381 .
A. K Brown , T. Liu-Ambrose , R. Tate , S. Lord ( 2008 ) .
The Effect of Group - Based Exercise on Cognitive Performance and Mood in Seniors Residing in Intermediate Care and Self - Care Retirement Facilities : A Randomized Controlled Trial British Journal of Sports Medicine DOI : 10.1136/bjsm.2008.049882
T. Liu-Ambrose , M. Donaldson ( 2008 ) .
Exercise and Cognition in Older Adults :
Is there a Role for Resistance Training Programs ?
British Journal of Sports Medicine DOI : 10.1136/bjsm.2008.055616
Rahman F , Smith J , Bullitt E , Katz L , Marks B. Relationship of exercise to cerebral vasculature and blood flow in older adults .
Paper presented at : Radiological Society of North America ; December 1 , 2008 ; Chicago , IL .
Support DNA Lounge !
Your donation helps ensure that there will still be a DNA Lounge once the pandemic is over .
We eagerly await the day when we can see you all in person to share the kind of awesome , eclectic and weird events that you 've come to expect from us !
But until then , your contribution helps us keep the lights on and bring you our free webcasts .
Wo n't you pitch in ?
$ 10 $ 20 $ 50 $ 100 $ 250 $ 500 $ 1,000 To support us on a monthly basis , please subscribe to the DNA Lounge Patreon
COVID -19 LOCKDOWN
Like everyone else , the plague has forced DNA Lounge to go on hiatus for who knows how long .
DNA Pizza is still open for deliveries -- and delivers pre-mixed cocktails now ! -- but our restaurant sales are a tiny fraction of what they were in the Before Times , when there was a busy nightclub next door .
Now would be a great time for you to join to our Patreon or make a one - time donation , above .
Even though we have lost all of our nightclub income , we still have a lot of expenses that are not going away : rent , insurance , taxes , permit fees ...
Depending on how long this crisis lasts , this could end up leaving us on the hook for hundreds of thousands of dollars .
Do n't let DNA Lounge be one of the COVID - 19 fatalities ...
Help us hibernate through this pandemic so that we can be there for you when things get back to some semblance of " normal " again .
( In the meantime , we are doing a bunch of free webcasts !
Check our calendar for details . )
Who We Are
The umbrella of DNA is host to countless vibrant communities and thousands of regulars .
We 've had many years of the most diverse , weird , interesting calendar of any venue .
A typical month here does n't include just bands and DJs , but comedy , lecture series , circuses , robotic exhibitions , dance performances , hair shows ...
We always strive to provide a home for a whole lot of truly amazing art .
We are one of the very few independently - owned , non-corporate - controlled live music venues still remaining in San Francisco .
DNA Lounge has always been a political project : an attempt to move the needle of culture in this city .
To provide a forum for a wide variety of art that makes this city a better place .
DNA
Lounge is putatively a business , but it is also activism .
A political , cultural and artistic project like this does not come cheap .
While we consider DNA Lounge to be monumentally successful in all the ways that truly matter , monetarily , the club has always operated at a significant loss .
In the last few years , the financial situation has gotten particularly dire , and we 're trying very hard to figure out how to keep the lights on .
I wrote in details about this on the DNA Lounge backstage blog a few years ago .
And we are one of the very few independently - owned , non-corporate - controlled live music venues still remaining in San Francisco .
A major contributing factor to our plight is that San Francisco 's local music scene is being systematically taken over and dismantled by the multi-billion dollar international media conglomerates AEG and Live Nation / TicketMaster .
For years , they have been using their vertical integration and monopoly power to make it nearly impossible for independent venues to compete with them -- and then taking those venues over when they fail .
I wrote about this on the DNA Lounge blog in 2018 , but it 's only gotten worse since then , with Slim 's and Great American now controlled by Live Nation , and with Mezzanine , Elbo Room , and Hemlock now closed .
Meanwhile , the astronomical wealth inequality in San Francisco is destroying cherished local businesses and cultural cornerstones on a daily basis , driving them away with high rents , real estate speculation , and higher costs across the board .
So we are asking for your help !
Support DNA Lounge !
Your donation helps ensure that there will still be a DNA Lounge once the pandemic is over .
We eagerly await the day when we can see you all in person to share the kind of awesome , eclectic and weird events that you 've come to expect from us !
But until then , your contribution helps us keep the lights on and bring you our free webcasts .
Wo n't you pitch in ?
$ 10 $ 20 $ 50 $ 100 $ 250 $ 500 $ 1,000 To support us on a monthly basis , please subscribe to the DNA Lounge Patreon
But what 's in it for you ?
Your donation allows DNA Lounge to continue to exist , plain and simple .
We think that 's important .
We think that 's a pretty big deal .
We hope that you do too !
But to sweeten the deal , and to give you some well - deserved bragging rights with your friends , if you subscribe to our Patreon , the higher levels of monthly patronage include a membership card that entitles you to free admission for you and a friend !
Check the Patreon page for details on the various membership card levels .
Thank you !!
Sony has finally pulled the veil off of God of War III , releasing six images of what just might turn out to be the best PlayStation 3 game yet .
What else is there to say ?
Gaze upon the screens .
Soak it all in .
Sony has n't revealed a release date for the game yet , but says we 'll find out at E3 this year .
More visual stimuli from God of War III , below .
Images courtesy Sony
See Also :- Video Games Offer Fun New Violence
Russell Tice has dropped another bombshell .
More than two years after he leaked the existence of the NSA ’s warrantless wiretapping program to the New York Times in late 2006 , Tice says warrantless wiretaps specifically targeted journalists and news organizations - all day , every day .
The original outrage over the warrantless wiretapping arose out of what appeared to be ( though it was never confirmed ) a massive data mining effort on the part of the NSA that routinely - and without apparent concern for the search and seizure requirements of the Fourth Amendment - redirected untold numbers of communications onto NSA super computers for analysis .
The latest allegations , flushed out over the course of two interviews with MSNBC anchor Keith Olbermann , reveal the outline of other shadowy efforts by the NSA whose existence had previously been the subject of speculation .
Many doubted the NSA ’s initial assertion that only international communications of legitimate terror subjects had been monitored .
But at least as far back as the revelations of Alberto Gonzalez ’s attempt to convince a sedated and semi-conscious Attorney General John Ashcroft to sign off on the constitutionality of a program of dubious provenance - that was not part of the warrantless wiretapping scheme reported on previously by the Times - rumors have circulated of other , more secret programs that may or may not have targeted Americans .
Do n’t let the door hit you
Tice , who was canned by the NSA after uncovering the wiretapping program and lives under constant surveillance , alleged that superiors at the NSA informed him that news organizations were monitored at all times to , well , ensure that freedom of the press would remain sacrosanct .
Active monitoring of particular organizations is a rather different beast , however , than the algorithmic data mining that was the source of the initial controversy and remains the subject of litigation .
Congress capitulated on the algorithmic data mining when it rewrote the FISA bill last summer .
The bill has loopholes big enough to fly Air Force
One through , and it was almost certainly designed to legalize the very activities that caused so much outrage and largely sideline the already extraordinarily pliant FISA court .
Under the rewritten rules warrants were no longer required : " targets " had to be identified , and a plan designed to " minimize " surveillance of the innocent put forth .
Even so , information obtained on the untargeted could be used provided that it was not obtained " intentionally . "
Of course , algorithms are nothing more than mathematical models and are utterly incapable of forming intent .
Targeting news organizations and reporters on a non -stop basis , however , requires something more methodical and finely tuned than Google - style data mining and would seem to run afoul even of the revised , watered - down FISA statute .
If Tice ’s allegations are true , it would help explain why many loyal Bushies in the intelligence community and elsewhere continued to push for blanket immunity , even after the FISA revisions passed and even after the FISA court issued an unusual , self - immolating opinion that warrantless wiretapping could be constitutional - although the court handed out retroactive warrants like candy .
Tracking the Bush Administration as it slithers into history
The existence of the program targeting journalists , if true , raises more questions than it answers , as it almost certainly is not the only program of its kind .
Spying on journalists is useful to the government for a variety of reasons - leaks can be monitored , critical viewpoints tracked through the ether , and sources intimidated .
Journalists also tend to have extensive lists of important contacts , making the " six degrees of separation " game routinely played by intelligence agencies that much more fruitful .
Who else has been targeted , rather than hoovered up in a data mining dragnet ?
Surveillance of universities and high tech companies would almost certainly provide many of the same benefits as surveillance of journalists , maybe more .
And if Tice ’s analysis is correct , they would be attractive targets .
We will probably never know .
Regardless , NSA surveillance of Americans is far more ambitious in scope than previously imagined by any but the most paranoid .
Tice speculated that the programs are partly made up of the detritus of the DARPA Total Information Awareness program that went down in flames after public outcry .
Lawrence Wright and James Risen , the Times journalist who initially broke Tice ’s story , appeared on Olbermann ’s " Countdown , " to discuss circumstantial evidence that they had in fact been spied upon by the American government .
Wright received a call from the FBI inquiring about phone calls they believed his daughter made to an attorney in London who represented a Gitmo detainee .
His daughter was not listed anywhere on his phone records , however , which meant that a traditional wiretap was not the source .
Risen ’s lawyers - he is being sued by the government to reveal sources for his book " State of War " - discovered that his phone records had been shown to a grand jury investigating sourcing of the book .
Will they have standing to sue ?
We can only hope . ®
Taking steps to improve the soundproofing in your home 's existing interior walls can help reduce potentially harmful noise pollution .
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency cites studies that have shown direct links between noise and health problems such as high blood pressure , stress - related illnesses , sleep disruption and loss of productivity .
Create a quieter , more tranquil home environment by increasing the soundproofing of your existing walls .
Insulation
Blowing insulation into the interior spaces of existing walls can make them more soundproof , reducing the amount of noise seeping into a room .
Insulation is blown into an existing wall with specialized hoses , pumps and machines through holes that have been drilled into the wall .
Fiberglass insulation tends to dry out quickly , making it ideal for wetter geographic areas that generate more moisture .
Cellulose insulation is environmentally safe and nontoxic .
It 's often made from shredded , recycled newsprint that 's been treated with a fire retardant .
Drywall
Add a second layer of drywall over existing interior walls to increase the thickness and weight of the wall .
Heavier walls with greater mass are typically more soundproof than their thin counterparts .
Add a layer of Green Glue damping compound between the two drywall layers to create an even greater soundproofing barrier .
Green Glue is a material used as a constrained membrane that converts sound energy into heat .
Paint
Apply specially formulated acoustical paint to your interior walls to reduce noise by up to 30 percent .
Acoustical paint is created with sound - absorbing resins , fillers and hollow ceramic microspheres that can improve the soundproofing of your walls .
Apply paint to your walls with a paint roller for the larger areas and angled paintbrushes for hard - to - reach corners and edges .
Acoustical paint dries quickly and has superior insulating and sound - dampening characteristics .
Apply two coats of paint for optimal results .
Wallpaper
In Europe and Latin America , products with recycled content make up about on average 20 percent of the at - home market , according to experts at the Kimberly Clark Corporation .
Environmental groups say that the percentage is even higher and that they want to nurture similar acceptance here .
Through public events and guides to the recycled content of tissue brands , they are hoping that Americans will become as conscious of the environmental effects of their toilet tissue use as they are about light bulbs or other products .
Dr. Hershkowitz is pushing the high - profile groups he consults with , including Major League Baseball , to use only recycled toilet tissue .
At the Academy Awards ceremony last Sunday , the gowns were designer originals but the toilet tissue at the Kodak Theater ’s restrooms was 100 percent recycled .
Environmentalists are focusing on tissue products for reasons besides the loss of trees .
Turning a tree to paper requires more water than turning paper back into fiber , and many brands that use tree pulp use polluting chlorine - based bleach for greater whiteness .
In addition , tissue made from recycled paper produces less waste tonnage — almost equaling its weight — that would otherwise go to a landfill .
Still , trees and tree quality remain a contentious issue .
Although brands differ , 25 percent to 50 percent of the pulp used to make toilet paper in this country comes from tree farms in South America and the United States .
The rest , environmental groups say , comes mostly from old , second - growth forests that serve as important absorbers of carbon dioxide , the main heat - trapping gas linked to global warming .
In addition , some of the pulp comes from the last virgin North American forests , which are an irreplaceable habitat for a variety of endangered species , environmental groups say .
Greenpeace , the international conservation organization , contends that Kimberly Clark , the maker of two popular brands , Cottonelle and Scott , has gotten as much as 22 percent of its pulp from producers who cut trees in Canadian boreal forests where some trees are 200 years old .
Image Various brands at a supermarket near Philadelphia .
Credit ... Mike Mergen for The New York Times
But Dave Dickson , a spokesman for Kimberly Clark , said that only 14 percent of the wood pulp used by the company came from the boreal forest and that the company contracted only with suppliers who used “ certified sustainable forestry practices . ”
We started the day with plans to explore two abandoned hospitals in the area .
The hospital has been a historic point of Chicago since it was built and even had a popular TV sitcom based on it .
The hallways were gigantic , but also very empty .
Being a county hospital , the city had pinched every penny from the closure that they could .
There was almost nothing left but the structure of this building .
Rooms stood completely empty with only a scrap or two of metal or a radiator against the wall . :
Making our way up to the top floor , we could see the Chicago skyline outside of the window .
I wound my way through a small hallway to find an oddly placed auditorium that was probably used for the observation of surgeries at one point .
The floor of the auditorium where the instructor once stood was now completely filled with what seemed to be heating equipment .
A hulking wall of aluminum blocked us from going any further down the stairs .
The hallways were as gutted as the actual rooms .
I have no idea why , but dirt was covering the ground of this 7th floor hallway .
We exited the first of our destinations and made our way to the second .
This hospital , midway between the point where a building is closed and the point where demolition work starts , was much more interesting .
It was full of leftover equipment , records , x-rays , film – you name it .
Unfortunately , we were running low on daylight so we were forced to rush through .
The hospital felt as if everyone had just gotten up and left .
Not a single room in the building that we were able to explore was completely empty .
Chairs , piles of records , even medical equipment was just left to rot .
The furniture in the building was dated .
Seems the last time that they actually refurnished the place was in the seventies , although I ’m pretty sure it closed much more recently .
The halls were dark , full of furniture and debris .
Peeling paint coats floors that have paint , other halls are lined with tile that has not yet fallen off .
Meet the most frightening CPR dummy that you ’ll ever see .
One of the most surprising and incredible things that has ever happened to me while exploring suddenly happened .
We were wandering around looking for a way to make it to the basement and something insane happened .
We were in a dark stairwell .
Dirty floors , peeling paint everywhere , no lights , darkness – suddenly , we opened a door and found ourself in one of the most pristine abandoned buildings that we had ever been in .
It felt surreal , almost dreamlike .
The colors on the walls were the same as they were when the building closed , the floors almost looked waxed .
It was crazy .
We were in a hurry ( many windows , well lit ) , so I could n’t get a great photo .
More to come of course .
To see more of my abandoned photos , check out my main site .
My Marriage License
This gay man got a marriage license in Seattle last week .
Unfortunately , I only obtained it by agreeing to marry a lesbian .
According to the Seattle Times -- and King County Executive Ron Sims and Lambda Legal 's Jamie Pedersen -- I'm to " blame " for Sims and local gay rights groups finally getting off their asses and actually doing something about gay marriage .
And how did I accomplish that ?
By showing up at the King County Administration Building last week and obtaining -- obtaining , not just asking for , but actually getting - - a marriage license .
There it is , right on this page , in all of its sanctity - of - marriage glory .
It 's got my name on it , and Ron Sims ' name , and King County 's seal .
I may be the only openly gay man in Washington State who has a legal marriage license .
Unfortunately , it 's not a license to marry my boyfriend -- the guy I 've lived with for 10 years , the guy I started a family with , the guy I 'm still crazy about -- but a license to marry my coworker , Amy Jenniges .
As much as I enjoy working with her , I 'm not going to leave my boyfriend for Amy .
If Sims and Pedersen want to blame me for forcing them to actually do something , fine .
I accept the blame .
However , let the record show that it was never my intention to sue the county , as they told the Seattle Times .
Yes , it 's true I obtained a marriage license .
But I was n't planning to make myself the center of a lawsuit .
So why did I apply for a marriage license last week ?
To make a point about the absurdity of our state 's marriage laws .
Amy Jenniges lives with her girlfriend , Sonia , and I live with my boyfriend , Terry .
Last Friday I accompanied Amy and Sonia to room 403 , the licensing division , at the King County Administration Building .
When Amy and Sonia asked the clerk for a marriage license , the clerk turned white .
You could see , " Oh my God , the gay activists are here ! " running through her head .
County clerks in the marriage license office had been warned to expect gay couples sooner or later , but I guess this particular clerk did n't expect us to show up five minutes before closing on Friday .
The clerk called over her manager , a nice older white man , who explained that Amy and Sonia could n't have a marriage license .
So I asked if Amy and I could have one -- even though I 'm gay and live with my boyfriend , and Amy 's a lesbian and lives with her girlfriend .
We emphasized to the clerk and her manager that Amy and I do n't live together , we do n't love each other , we do n't plan to have kids together , and we 're going to go on living and sleeping with our same - sex partners after we get married .
So could we still get a marriage license ?
" Sure , " the license - department manager said , " If you 've got $ 54 , you can have a marriage license . "
The nervous clerk spelled our names wrong on the first marriage license she printed out , and when she tried to correct it , her computer crashed .
So another clerk took care of us -- a nice woman who appeared to be a lesbian and who got the joke .
She issued us our marriage license while her manager watched .
" He 's been keeping an eye on me for weeks , " she said .
" He 's afraid I 'll up and issue a license to a same - sex couple . "
Her manager broke in : " If it were up to me , I 'd give you a license , " he said to Amy and Sonia .
" But we 've got to change that law first . "
The nice , might - be - a - lesbian clerk told us that she was relieved that a same - sex couple had finally shown up and asked for a marriage license .
" The media calls every day and asks , ' Have any come yet ? '
We were beginning to think that no one was ever going to show up . "
Us too -- which is why we decided to take matters into our own hands .
Like I said , Amy and Sonia and I did n't show up at the county building last Friday because we were planning to sue .
We came to make a point about the absurdity of our marriage laws .
Amy can't marry Sonia , I can't marry Terry - - why ?
Because the sanctity of marriage must be protected from the queers !
But Amy and I can get a marriage license -- and into a sham marriage , if we care to , a joke marriage , one that I promise you wo n't produce children .
And we can do this with the state 's blessing -- why ?
Because one of us is a man and one of us is a woman .
Who cares that one of us is a gay man and one of us is a lesbian ?
So marriage is to be protected from the homos -- unless the homos marry each other .
Is it putting too fine a point on it to say that this is a pretty fucked - up situation ?
Finally , almost as maddening as the fact that the county will issue me and Amy a marriage license but not Amy and Sonia , is the fact that we were , according to the people we spoke with at the county , the first same - sex couple that showed up asking for a marriage license .
We 've been beating up the straight politicians for weeks on this issue but now I have to ask :
What the hell is wrong with the queers in this town ?
We sat in our offices waiting for someone to call for a demonstration , trying to be good media types and report on the news instead of trying to make it .
But eventually we got tired of waiting and Amy Jenniges wrote a call to arms in last week 's Stranger , a call that led to Monday morning 's demonstration in the county building .
Our call to arms and the hard work of Brian Peters evidently freaked the shit out of Sims and led to the filing of a lawsuit on behalf of six gay couples .
Great .
About time .
But this should have happened weeks ago .
Anyway , we 're happy there 's finally been some action .
And I 'm happy to have a " marriage license . "
It 's not the marriage license I 'd like to have , of course .
But , still , let me count my blessings : I have a 10 - year relationship ( but not the marriage license ) , a house ( but not the marriage license ) , a kid ( but not the marriage license ) , and my boyfriend 's credit - card bills ( but not the marriage license ) .
I do n't know what a guy has to do around here to get the marriage license .
But I guess it 's some consolation that I can get a meaningless one anytime I like , just so long as I bring along a woman I do n't love and my $ 54 .
savage@thestranger.com
The Patron Saint of the “ Leave Us the Hell Alone ” Caucus : Charlie Anderson ( James Stewart ) , the Individualist hero of the film Shenandoah .
" Virginia needs all of her sons , Mr. Anderson . ”
" That might be so .
But these are my sons !
Mine !
They do n’t belong to the state !
When they were babies , I never saw the state coming around here with a spare tit .
We never asked anything of the state , and never expected anything .
We do our own living , and thanks to no man for the right . ”
Charlie Anderson , a widowed father of six sons , deflects the demands Lt. Johnson , leader of a Confederate conscription gang near the beginning of the film Shenandoah .
The kind and thoughtful people who seek to relieve us of the burden of planning and managing our own lives are preparing to seize our children , and any of us who happen to be within the targeted age range ( most likely between 18 and 26 ) .
With quiet persistence , the Draft - Nappers are plotting to reinstate military slavery .
As with every presidential administration since that of George Bush the Elder , Barrack Obama and his comrades ( particularly the leering wad of incarnate malice known as Rahm Emanuel ) are famously enamored of the idea of government - mandated “ national service . ”
One of Obama ’s cherished conceits is that his reign will somehow usher in an era of national service that will be both “ universal ” and “ voluntary ” — as if disagreements over the merits of government - imposed labor , and the type of activity that qualifies as “ service , ” would evaporate when exposed to his irresistible charisma .
On the strength of American Grit : What it Will Take to Survive and Win in the 21st Century , a new book by Republican neo-con strategist Tony Blankley , it seems clear that Obama ’s Republican critics will actually outflank him to the left on the issue of conscription .
Blankley ’s critique of Obama ’s National Service proposal is not that it would be an impermissible imposition on individual rights , but that it is insufficiently militaristic and of inadequate scope .
The second chapter of Blankley ’s slender book is entitled “ Bring Back the Draft . ”
A return to military slavery is mandatory , he writes , in order “ to replenish our dangerously over - stretched armed forces . ”
Rather than repudiating the interventionism that has left the military “ dangerously over - stretched , ” Blankley takes the opposite view , giddily anticipating additional wars with Iran and Pakistan , and an open - ended , generations - long conflict with the amorphous threat he , and others of his dishonest ilk , have designated “ Islamofascism . ”
As Blankley acknowledges , “ there is a limit to the number of people willing to volunteer to be a soldier — a dangerous career that is often severely disruptive of family life — and that pool has clearly been tapped out . ”
Accordingly , “ We will soon be faced with the choice of severely scaling back our role in the world or expanding the army through conscription . ”
One measure of the depth of Blankley ’s totalitarian impulses can be found in the fact that he never considers the possibility that scaling back “ our ” role in the world ( that is , the role assumed by the government ruling us ) is the correct and moral thing to do .
Nor does he display any hint of considering the possibility that the thin trickle of volunteers to fight the wars that tickle his inverted libido represents something of a public referendum .
If the so - called war against “ Islamofascism ” were really a life - and - death struggle akin to the Battle of Salamis , recruiting an army at the point of a gun would hardly be necessary .
Conscription is never necessary to inspire men to defend their homes and families , and it is never used for that purpose .
It is carried out for the sole purpose of compelling men to kill and die on behalf of the State and the degenerate clique running it .
The British - born Blankley , former Chief of Staff to Newt Gingrich and current pundit for both the Washington Times and The McLaughlin Group , has the mien of a gangster , which he can not help .
To judge from his writings , he also has the soul of a Commissar .
His book is a brief but tedious harangue devoted to the theme of using the power of the government to compel people to love and serve that same government .
His chapter on the draft abounds with the language of collectivist compulsion , most of it performed in the key of “ communitarianism . ”
Despite the fact that most Americans eschew military service , he insists that it would be possible to forge a “ national consensus ” on behalf of reinstituting military slavery ; such a “ consensus ” would be an agreement among those heading the two major wings of the ruling Establishment Party , rather than widespread support among the public ( which itself would not make conscription legal , constitutional , or just ) .
Sentencing other people ’s children to servitude , or worse : “ The Blood Vote , ” a WWI Australian anti-conscription pamphlet condemned those who voted in favor of a referendum on the military draft .
Blankley ’s vision of “ consensus ” is probably quite similar to that of the despicable Woodrow Wilson , who — as he introduced a bill to impose conscription — declared that that the draft “ is in no sense a conscription of the unwilling ; it is , rather , selection from a nation which has volunteered in mass . ”
The specifics of Blankley ’s proposal are quite familiar to those who have been watching , with growing disgust and alarm , as proponents of conscription start to fine - tune their arguments and oil the machinery of military servitude :
He calls for “ a compulsory program for all Americans aged eighteen or nineteen , men and women , after most have graduated from high school .
The military , reviewing these graduates ’ transcripts , extracurricular activities , and medical reports , would select however many they needed to fulfill their draft allotments for a two - year period of military service .
Those not chosen by the military would undertake a two - year civil service obligation , ” which may include “ homeland security ” roles of various kinds .
This is essentially the same proposal contained in legislation sponsored by Rep. Charles Rangel ( D - New York ) , who , oddly enough , is treated with reflexive partisan scorn by Blankley .
And it is also quite similar to the plan proffered in the Establishment publication Foreign Policy by retired U.S. Army Colonel William L. Hauser , a member of the Council on Foreign Relations , and naval veteran Jerome Slater of the State University of New York , Buffalo .
The program envisioned by Hauser and Slater would “ combine a revived military draft with a broader public - service program as already practiced in some European states — a ‘ domestic Peace Corps . ' ”
Unlike Blankley , they would permit draftees “ to choose between military and nonmilitary service ” — that is , to select their preferred form of servitude — at least initially .
Given that providing additional military manpower is the entire point of the proposal , the domestic service “ option ” would probably last just long enough to get the measure enacted by Congress .
Discussing what they consider the ancillary benefits of military slavery , Hauser and Slater list what they consider “ a number of positive social consequences . ”
For instance : “ Conscription will enable the forces to reflect the full spectrum of American pluralism , in terms of both socioeconomic classes and racial / ethnic groups .
It is unacceptable that less than 1 percent of the country ’s eligible population serves in the armed forces , with almost no war - relevant sacrifice being asked from the rest of society .
It ought to be axiomatic that the hardships and dangers of military service be more widely shared . ”
“ Dulce et decorum est ? ” Hardly : “ For Leader , People and Fatherland he gave his life , ” announces this form letter filled out by a unit commander each time some hapless German conscript wasted his life in the service of “ his ” government .
This might be “ axiomatic ” to someone who has deeply imbibed the spirit of Prussian militarism .
For a commercial republic , there is nothing “ unacceptable ” about a military that is largely peripheral to public concerns , rather than being — as Hauser and Slater apparently desire — the central , defining social institution .
In a fashion similar to that of Hauser and Slater , Herr Blankley scorns Americans for neglecting the “ common life , ” of losing a sense of “ common purpose and common destiny . ”
Restoring the draft , he insists , will bring about “ greater national cohesion and unity ” to a country that has become “ atomized . ”
Absent such benevolent regimentation , Blankley laments , “ our country will degenerate into nothing more than a giant trading bazaar where many different people happen to live together . ”
Oh , please spare us the ignominy of living in a peaceful country where self - regulating people engage in free , mutually beneficial commerce , rather than functioning as living cogs in the State ’s killing apparatus !
Before signing on as Chief of Staff to the self - appointed “ Teacher of the Rules of Civilization ” ( that would be “ Mr. Newt ” himself ) , Blankley was a speechwriter for Ronald Reagan .
It ’s bad form for those who craft the words that dribble down the presidential chin to take credit for their contributions , so we ’re not sure exactly which of Reagan ’s orations benefited from Blankley ’s wordsmithing .
However , we can be confident that Blankley had nothing to do with Reagan ’s assessment of Jimmy Carter ’s decision to reactivate the Selective Service System in 1979 .
Reagan pointed out that conscription “ rests on the assumption that your kids belong to the state .
If we buy that assumption then it is for the state — not for parents , the community , the religious institutions , or teachers — to decide who shall have what values and who shall do what work , when , where , and how in our society .
That assumption is n’t a new one .
The Nazis thought it was a great idea . ”
The Nazis ’ totalitarian siblings in the Communist camp were equally enamored of the concept of universal , compulsory service , including conscription ; after all , that principle was inscribed by the finger of Karl Marx as the eighth plank of the totalitarian decalogue , the Communist Manifesto .
Like Nazi and Communist totalitarians , Blankley believes in the state ownership of the most intimate form of private property :
The individual .
Oh , sure , his book is littered with puerile , rant - radio - caliber invocations of the sanctity of the “ free market ” and “ private enterprise ” ( this despite the fact that he supports a national industrial policy for the supposed purpose of achieving “ energy independence ” ) .
But he apparently cannot understand or is n’t honest enough to admit that a government that can steal one ’s very person for the purpose of military service can take whatever else it wants — and do whatever it wants — at any time of its choosing .
The operational principle in conscription , as the vile Bernard Baruch , head of the Wilson Junta ’s War Industries Board , pointed out in August 1918 , is that ” every man ’s life is at the call of the nation and so must be every man ’s property … .
The state is all ; the individual is of importance only as he contributes to the welfare of the state .
His property is his only as the state does not need it .
He must hold his life and possessions at the call of the state . "
That sinister principle was embedded Section 18 of the Selective Service Act .
As Thomas Woods , Jr. and Kevin R.C. Gutzman point out in their book Who Killed the Constitution ?:
“ That section stipulated that the president could order from any manufacturer that produced goods needed by the military or the Atomic Energy Commission , once the contents of the order had been approved by Congress .
If a manufacturer failed to fulfill the order by the president ’s deadline , the president could have that manufacturer ’s property seized and operated for the purpose of producing the goods needed by the government . ”
No , he does n’t belong to the state : Justus Samuel Grigg , born on February 3 , 2009 .
Certainly , the government would have to provide “ just compensation ” for the stolen property , just as it pays its military slaves a token wage .
But the assumption here is that all property — including our individual lives — belongs to the state , and that we enjoy the use of our property and the ability to direct our own lives only by the grace of the state .
Even as they enlarge upon the horrors — whether real , exaggerated , or fabricated — of “ Islamofascism ” in distant lands , Blankley and his fellow Draft - Nappers are diligently working to impose totalitarianism here at home .
No scimitar - wielding Mohammedan has materialized on my doorstep to demand that I surrender my children as a “ blood tax ” demanded by the state .
I know what variety of greeting I would give such a personage were he to appear .
The same is true for any functionary of any government who would presume to claim my children as the property of the official gang that employs him .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
A video making the rounds today shows a dog in Chile performing a heroic act -- pulling a friend from oncoming traffic on a busy road .
A traffic camera caught the rescuer bravely dodging cars to drag the injured dog to the side of the road .
Perhaps called by one of the motorists who hit the dog before it was pulled to safety , a rescue crew shows up at the end of the video .
We can't tell whether the poor pup survived the experience or not , but three woofs to the hero dog !
He deserves a lifetime supply of treats .
UPDATE : After hundreds of thousands of people viewed the video of the hero dog last week , authorities understandably received a few calls about him , some from people wanting to adopt .
And along with those in the comment section , we at Unleashed wondered about the fate of his injured friend .
Bad news , dear readers , if you have n't heard :
Highway crews removed both the dead and live dogs from the median strip of the Vespucio Norte Highway shortly after the Dec. 4 incident , and the rescuer dog ran away .
Authorities say images of the rescue prompted some people to call and offer to adopt the dog , but neither highway workers nor a television crew could find they animal when they went to hunt for it .
Hero dog , we hardly knew ye .
If you 're looking to adopt a new pet , though , may we suggest one of the many posted here .
Jack from the valley , for example , or maybe even a koala bear .
-- Clare Abreu
j Query 1.3 and the jQuery Foundation
Posted on by
Happy Birthday to jQuery !
jQuery is three years old today , after being released way back on January 14th , 2006 at the first BarCampNYC by John Resig .
We have four announcements for you today , we hope you ’ll enjoy them !
j Query 1.3
First , we have an excellent new release of jQuery ready for you to enjoy .
The big features of this release are :
Sizzle : A sizzlin’ hot CSS selector engine .
Live Events : Event delegation with a jQuery twist .
j Query Event Overhaul : Completely rewired to simplify event handling .
HTML Injection Rewrite : Lightning - fast HTML appending .
Offset Rewrite : Super - quick position calculation .
No More Browser Sniffing : Using feature detection to help jQuery last for many more years to come .
The full details of the release can be found in the release notes :
http://docs.jquery.com/Release:jQuery_1.3
We ’re currently planning on a follow - up jQuery 1.3.1 release sometime within the next week or two to catch any straggling bugs that might ’ve slipped through .
If you spot any bugs please be sure to submit them to the bug tracker .
Sizzle
j Query has a brand new CSS selector engine – nicknamed ‘ Sizzle ‘ .
You can read the full details behind it in the jQuery 1.3 Release Notes ( including performance numbers ) .
More importantly , though , we ’re taking a big leap with Sizzle :
We ’re releasing it as a completely standalone project to be collaborated upon by many library creators and developers .
We saw an opportunity to give something back to not just the jQuery community but to the JavaScript development community as a whole ; and at the same time be able to collaborate with developers of other libraries on a single , unified , selector engine .
We feel that there ’s too much competition and not enough collaboration occurring and so we put our code out on the line as a good first step towards working together .
As a sign of good faith and willingness to collaborate , we ’ve turned over Sizzle to the Dojo Foundation ( an excellent non-profit well suited for this project , not to be confused with the Dojo Toolkit ) .
We wanted a common meeting ground where all developers would be able to work together and under which there would be a clear long - term copyright holder .
Our request for collaboration has already seen an amazing resopnse : Developers from Prototype , Dojo , Yahoo UI , MochiKit , and TinyMCE ( and many other projects ) have all shown interest in refining Sizzle to perfection .
A rough Sizzle project page can be found here :
http://sizzlejs.com/
Along with the full source code :
http://github.com/jeresig/sizzle/tree/master
New API Browser
Along with the release of jQuery 1.3 , I ’m pleased to present the new API browser , developed by Remy Sharp , available at : http://api.jquery.com/.
This is an alternative view to the existing jQuery API that should be easy to navigate and use .
The new API browser includes the following features :
All the latest jQuery and jQuery UI documentation .
The ability to mark pages as favorites for those pages you keep wanting to return to .
Syntax highlighting in the code examples
Live running of examples within the browser
Links to edit and experiment with the code examples
Most importantly though , the API browser is also available offline as an Adobe AIR application ( thanks to Tane Piper ’s AIR framework ) .
The interface looks and works the same , and includes an auto - update mechanism , so you ’ll always be up to date .
Download and install the AIR API browser
If you find problems please submit a bug to the bug tracker under the ‘ site ’ component .
Which leads us to the last , and certainly not the least important , point …
j Query Foundation
With the jQuery Project growing at a tremendous rate , it was important for us , as a team , to take a step back and determine how the project ’s ownership should be handled .
Currently , John Resig , jQuery ’s founder and lead developer , and Paul Bakaus , lead developer for jQuery UI , both maintain ownership of their respective projects .
This posed several concerns from a practical and legal perspective as it enjoined two individuals as the owners of the projects instead of a formal organization .
As more individuals and corporations started contributing to the projects , these concerns became even more evident causing confusion as to who were the correct copyright holders for specific units of work .
After meeting up to talk at the recent jQuery Conference , we decided to really make a concerted effort to fix this and determine how we could shift ownership of the jQuery projects to a foundation - type organization that would :
1. Understand the nature of open - source software development .
2. Allow us to continue to manage the project unhindered .
3 . Ensure that the projects continue to live on regardless of who is involved in the effort .
After examining many options we came to a final conclusion – and we ’re excited to announce that the Software Freedom Conservancy has extended the jQuery project an invitation to join the non-profit organization and continue developing software under its auspices .
By joining The Software Freedom Conservancy , the jQuery projects and community immediately realize some important benefits :
1 . It allows the current project members to continue to manage the projects and maintain ultimate responsibility for the direction of current and future efforts .
2 . It allows the projects to be considered a true non-profit efforts allowing us to be able to accept donations and contributions without incurring tremendous personal financial liability .
3 . The copyright of the code will be assigned to the conservancy thus ensuring that no single person will own contributions or assets of the project .
4 . It may allow corporations to write off time when an employee contributes to a project .
5 . Most importantly , it ensures that the jQuery projects will always be open and free software .
This is a big step in formalizing the jQuery projects and an important accomplishment in ensuring that the investment being made by the jQuery community is protected .
We ’ll be making the transition into the conservancy over the coming weeks .
There will be very little , to no , change in how the project will run .
The jQuery Team will still run and manage the project and we ’re still going to work hard to build the best JavaScript library possible .
If anything this will help to free up some of our time so that we can spend more time coding – and who does n’t like the sound of that ?
Happy 3rd birthday , jQuery !
OAKLAND , California ( CNN ) --
A former transit police officer charged with murder was released from custody Friday after posting a $ 3 million bail .
Video shows Johannes Mehserle shoot Oscar Grant III in the back as another officer knelt on him .
Dozens of demonstrators gathered in downtown Oakland to protest the release of Johannes Mehserle , 27 , charged with killing an unarmed man on New Year 's Day .
iReport.com : Watch the protest
The former Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer 's release funds came from unknown sources , Alameda officials told CNN .
Video taken by a bystander showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Oscar Grant III , 22 , in the back as another officer kneeled on Grant .
Mehserle may have intended to draw and fire his Taser instead of his gun , according to a court filing by his attorney .
In January , protests turned violent after a judge decided to allow bail for Mehserle 's release .
A preliminary hearing in the case is set for March 23 , authorities said .
CNN 's Jackie Castillo contributed to this report .
All About San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District
Valentine ’s
Day gifts are all about knowing her .
The classic chocolate and flowers are a good start , but an extra - thoughtful present is something a little more strategic .
We rounded up 33 of the best Valentine 's Day ( or holiday - time , because romance is a year - round phenomenon ) gift options to make sure she feels the love , no matter what she 's into .
There 's something for everyone in here .
Memo Question :
What relevance and use does a work like Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels ( 1848 ) , " Manifesto of the Communist Party " have to twenty - first century economists today ?
Readings :
Evsey Domar ( 1970 ) , " The Causes of Slavery or Serfdom : A Hypothesis , " Journal of Economic History , pp. 18-32
Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels ( 1848 ) , " Manifesto of the Communist Party " http://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1848/communist-manifesto/
Ralph Austen and Woodruf D. Smith ( 1992 ) , " Private Tooth Decay as Public Economic Virtue : The Slave - Sugar Triangle , Consumerism , and European Industrialization , " in Joseph E. Inikori and Stanley L. Engerman , eds. , The Atlantic Slave Trade ( Durham , Duke Univ. Press , 1992 ) , pp. 183-203 http://books.google.com/books?id=Aa78ghyF2fIC&client=safari.
Stanley Engerman and Kenneth Sokoloff ( 1994 ) , " Factor Endowments , Institutions and Differential Paths of Development Among New World Economies : A View from Economic Historians of the United States " NBER Working Paper no .
10066 http://papers.nber.org/papers/h0066.pdf
General Notes :
The standard mode of discourse in economics is positive - sum win-win Pareto - optimality .
You provide people with the right incentives through property rights to invest and accumulate and they do so — and the benefits of their investment and accumulation spill over and produce higher incomes for everybody else as well .
You provide people with secure contract rights and they trade what they personally value less for what they personally value more — redistributing the goods of society across individuals until the Pareto frontier is reached .
You incentivize people through property rights to be good stewards of natural resources , and they are .
But a look back at human history suggests that this focus is perhaps misplaced .
Much of human economic and political history looks as though it is made up of thugs with spears ( or kalishnikovs ) taking stuff ; or those who can for some reason command the services of thugs with spears taking stuff ; or those who can for some reason command the services of thugs with spears threatening others so inducing them to enter into contracts on unfavorable terms .
Slavery .
Serfdom .
Debt peonage .
Latifundia .
Land barons .
Cattle barons .
Capital barons .
Perhaps economics should focus not on Pareto - optimal exchange equilibria and economic growth but instead on distribution : perhaps economics should be not a hymn to the win-win bounties of the division of labor but instead a discourse on the origins ( and maintenance ) of inequality .
That is what this week is : Evsey Domar with an abstract paper on slavery , serfdom , and land barons ; Austen and Smith on commercial consumer capitalism as the driving energy of the genocide that was the North Atlantic slave trade ; Marx and Engels saying that the market economy of Pareto - improving exchange of which economists sing is , really , nothing new ; and Engerman and Sokoloff on the long - run consequences of redistributive - based rather than gains from trade - based political economy .
This is inequality week .
I love this design .
Was a really great inspiration , so I decided to create this guy as a digital 3D model .
You can find it in my gallery if you 're interested
Doing without a fridge is a badge of honour for some green activists .
But how do they cope ?
And how much does it help ?
Steven Kurutz reports
By Jason Palmer
Science and Technology reporter , BBC News
A pencil 's ' lead ' is primarily graphite , made up of millions of sheets of graphene
A remarkable material called graphene could soon be used to make flexible and transparent high - speed electronics , researchers say .
Graphene 's incredible mechanical and electronic properties are well known , but it is difficult to make in bulk .
It consists of one - atom - thick layers of carbon atoms arranged in hexagons .
A report in the journal Nature is the third in recent efforts that have seen the production of centimetre - scale samples of graphene .
The transparent samples can be fixed to any surface and bent or twisted without damaging them .
When the technique is perfected , such films could be used in solar cells as well as any number of bendy , thin , transparent gadgetry , such as crystal - clear , flexible displays .
Getting lead out First discovered in 2004 , graphene is a close cousin of carbon nanotubes , which are in effect graphene rolled up .
Tiny , high - quality samples of graphene can be sourced by using sticky tape to simply pull them off graphite - the same stuff that is in a pencil lead .
Transistors made from such samples have been shown to operate at gigahertz frequencies - comparable to the speed of modern computers .
The material could theoretically operate near terahertz frequencies , hundreds of times faster .
The samples also have remarkable mechanical strength , because the bond that carbon atoms form between themselves is one of the strongest known .
It 's a really important development
Andre Geim , University of Manchester
And it gets even better : because they are so thin , the sheets are practically transparent .
Under the sheets
However , for wider application , graphene must be made in larger sheets while maintaining the high quality of the smaller samples .
A suggestion first proposed a few years ago is now coming to fruition : evaporating a mixture of large carbon - containing molecules and firing it over a heated metal surface .
The molecules break down , releasing carbon that re-organises on the surface in neat graphene sheets .
The precise conditions of the experiment determine how many sheets are produced .
While growth of such films on metal surfaces has been known to happen for decades , no one had been able to remove the films from the metal , and no one knew if graphene , once removed , would maintain its spectacular potential .
Now , Byung Hee Hong at Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul , South Korea , and colleagues have applied the technique to produce films of up to 12 sheets on extremely thin pieces of nickel .
By dissolving away the nickel with chemicals , the researchers were left with graphene films they could stick to a flexible polymer called PET .
The researchers went on to show that because the films are so robust , they maintain their striking electronic properties even when bent and twisted .
Great minds
The work confirms that the approach is the most promising path towards bendy , practically invisible electronics .
In December , Jing Kong of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) published the first account of successfully producing graphene films using the nickel technique .
Graphene offers much of the promise of carbon nanotubes , in sheet form
They showed that the precise structure of the graphene films they produced could be controlled by putting a nanometre - scale pattern on the thin nickel plates .
Earlier in January , Yong Chen led a group from Purdue University , US , that published a paper on the arXiv website detailing the approach .
After production , their films were deposited onto silicon - based substrates , showing a potential means to supplement existing microelectronics with the terrifying speed of graphene components .
Andre Geim , whose group first discovered graphene and demonstrated its potential for electronics , is impressed with the recent flood of demonstrations .
" It 's a really important development , " Professor Geim , who is based at the University of Manchester , told BBC News .
" It took five years from our demonstration of the beautiful properties of isolated graphene and now , at last , three groups have demonstrated that it 's possible . "
However , he notes that the samples produced using the new technique are so far relatively disordered and made of regions of differing numbers of graphene layers .
For the speediest electronics , only a single layer like that acquired with sticky tape will do .
" Until now , everyone has been using our so - called ' pencil technique ' ( the sticky - tape method ) but the disadvantage is that the graphite crystals are quite small - it 's really painstaking research , " Professor Geim explained .
Widespread availability of larger , high - quality graphene films will vastly speed up research into the material 's properties , putting researchers ever closer to real applications .
" This technique shows the missing element for the whole story , from finding graphene to making real transistors because it shows that industrial scale production is possible , " Andre Geim said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Enlarge By Matthew Emmons , US Presswire United States midfielder Michael Bradley ( 4 ) celebrates his first - half goal against Mexico .
USA - MEXICO USA -MEXICO
Photos : USA 2 , Mexico 0
About the team : Coach Bob Bradley talks COLUMBUS , Ohio 
With his hair cut shorter these days , 21 - year - old Michael Bradley looks more like his father , U.S. men 's national team coach Bob Bradley , than he did as a teenager .
Wednesday night , he did what his father and coach asked .
He and Sacha Kljestan , the USA 's central midfield tandem , disrupted the Mexican attack .
BLOG : Ratings , highlights And Michael Bradley did much more .
Near the end of each half , he found himself with an opportunity and converted .
Just as in 2001 and 2005 , archrival Mexico left Columbus with a 2 - 0 defeat .
Bradley first played for his father at age 16 with the MetroStars , now called the New York Red Bulls .
After moving to Dutch club Heerenveen , he debuted for the national team in 2006 under Bruce Arena .
When Bob Bradley replaced Arena , Michael was once again the coach 's son .
In Holland , he scored 21 goals over the 2007 - 08 season , but with Germany 's Borussia Moenchengladbach , he 's still not positioned as a primary scorer .
" With Gladbach this year , we 've had to adjust how we play based on how the other teams play , " Bradley says .
" There 's been games where I 've played deep in the midfield , there 's been games where I 've played farther forward . "
In the first half Wednesday , DaMarcus Beasley played a corner kick over the massed players in the penalty box .
Landon Donovan headed the ball back into the center for Oguchi Onyewu , whose close - range header was well - saved by Oswaldo Sanchez .
The ball fell to Bradley 's feet .
In an instant , it was in the upper netting .
Mexico pressed in the second half , but Bradley and Kljestan helped the U.S. defense limit chances .
After Mexico's best chance — a ball that hit Giovani dos Santos ' foot just inches from the goal but did n't go in — captain Rafael Marquez rashly charged into goalkeeper Tim Howard .
He was ejected , reducing Mexico to 10 players .
In stoppage time , Jozy Altidore played the ball down the wing to Donovan .
Altidore was clobbered as he made the pass , but the referee allowed play to continue with the USA attacking .
Donovan drew the defense and centered to Bradley , who was trailing the play .
He fired the ball past the diving Sanchez .
Bradley and Kljestan , teammates on last year 's Olympic team , have accounted for all five U.S. goals this year .
" It 's not too common that the two deep - lying midfielders are going to be the two leading goal scorers on the team , " Kljestan said .
" I 'm sure Landon ( Donovan ) , Clint ( Dempsey ) , ( DaMarcus ) Beasley and Brian Ching are going to be the leaders as we move forward this year . "
In an interview tent that rattled in the wind after the game , Bob Bradley broke from father and son's usual stoicism to allow himself a little smile when a reporter asked Michael if he would now replace Donovan as the villain in the eyes of Mexican fans .
But asked how he felt about his son , the coach demurred .
" Right now , I 'm the coach , " Bradley said .
" It 's about the team .
" I have three children .
I 'm proud of all my kids .
I have a great family , and I 'm a lucky man . "
The game was the first of 10 in the " hexagonal , " a six - team round - robin from which three teams will qualify for the World Cup and a fourth will go to a playoff .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Outgoing Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert is mounting a last - ditch effort to free a captured Israeli soldier by blocking an Egyptian - brokered ceasefire in the Gaza Strip until Hamas agrees to release him .
Whether Olmert ’s brinkmanship can produce a breakthrough in the few weeks he has left depends on Israel making difficult concessions that could bolster Hamas , and on the Islamist group taking a gamble on the Jewish state keeping its word .
Many diplomats are skeptical all the pieces will fall in place .
Hamas has no faith that Israel , which is about to change governments , will abide by commitments under the proposed ceasefire , mainly to keep Gaza ’s border crossings open , if captured soldier Gilad Shalit is freed .
Wary of taking steps it believes would bestow legitimacy on Hamas , Israel has refused to provide guarantees and has rebuffed a proposal for the U.N. to monitor the compliance of both sides , according to diplomats who spoke on condition of anonymity .
“ We will not allow the opening of the crossings to Gaza ... certainly not before Gilad Shalit is back home , ” Olmert said on Sunday , leaving Hamas with little to gain up front .
Hamas is counting on Egypt to ensure Israel ’s compliance and the Islamist group may find it has little alternative .
“ Hamas understands Israel may not abide by its commitments after Shalit is freed , ” a Palestinian official involved in the talks said .
But Hamas would at least have “ a big achievement ” in freeing long - serving prisoners in a swap for the soldier , captured in a cross - border raid by Gaza militants in 2006 , the official added .
Israel believes last month ’s military offensive in the Gaza Strip increased its leverage over the territory ’s Hamas rulers .
The air , sea and land bombardment , which Israel launched with the declared aim of halting rocket attacks , killed more than 1,300 Palestinians , destroyed some 5,000 homes and decimated much of Gaza ’s infrastructure , local officials said .
OPPORTUNITY
Many smuggling tunnels along Gaza ’s border with Egypt were destroyed , crimping Hamas ’s resupply lines .
To rebuild , Gazans need Israel and Egypt to open the border crossings permanently .
“ When are we going to get another window of opportunity like this ? ” asked an Israeli official , summing up Olmert ’s thinking .
Tuesday ’s inconclusive election in Israel has triggered what may be a protracted battle over who will get to form the next government , giving Olmert several weeks to maneuver .
Hamas has demanded the release of 1,400 Palestinian prisoners in exchange for Shalit .
Western diplomats said Olmert would likely free closer to 1,000 , including some Hamas militants involved in deadly attacks against Israelis .
“ This is precisely the difficulty , ” Internal Security Minister Avi Dichter said of choosing whom to release .
Ahead of a deal with Hamas , Israel was considering freeing Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi to bolster President Mahmoud Abbas ’s Fatah faction , Israeli officials and Channel 10 television reported .
Officials said Olmert planned to step up indirect negotiations with Hamas on a formula for a prisoner exchange , which would likely be carried out in stages .
Defense official Amos Gilad planned to return to Egypt this week , diplomats said .
The question is whether Olmert can withstand international pressure to open the crossings more broadly if a Shalit deal is not reached , and whether U.S. President Barack Obama intervenes .
Obama ’s Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , plans to return to the region next week , followed by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton a week later , diplomats said .
During his last visit , Mitchell urged Olmert to ease Gaza ’s closure , to no avail .
Diplomats said the Obama administration could try to break the stalemate by joining the European Union in insisting on guarantees the crossings will remain open , a key Hamas demand .
The Obama administration supports Abbas in his power struggle with Iranian - backed Hamas for control of Gaza ’s gateways to the outside world .
But Israel asserts that opening the border crossings fully would only strengthen Hamas , which won a 2006 Palestinian election and forcefully seized control of the enclave 18 months later after routing Abbas ’s secular Fatah forces there .
“ The problem is that none of them trusts each other , ” a senior Western diplomat said .
Hamas does not want to give Abbas a foothold that he could use to get credit for rebuilding .
Israel has also insisted on retaining the right to reseal the border for “ security ” reasons .
“ Why would Hamas believe Israel ? ” asked a senior European diplomat , pointing to a previous Egyptian - brokered ceasefire .
Under that six - month deal , Israel was supposed to let 30 percent more goods into the Gaza Strip .
Citing Israel ’s failure to do so , Hamas pulled out of the deal and renewed cross - border rocket fire , triggering last month ’s war .
The venerable haskelldb high level database interface for Haskell is now packaged up for Arch .
HaskellDB is a combinator library for expressing queries and other operations on relational databases in a type safe and declarative way .
All the queries and operations are completely expressed within Haskell , no embedded ( SQL ) commands are needed .
The code base is around a decade now , and quite mature , but it has only recently been brought into the cabal and hackage world , making it trivial to package up and distribute .
You can find all the packages here :
This release of haskelldb is layered over medium - level database interface suite , hdbc. , so it can reuse the hdbc backends .
The layers of Haskell database libs packaged up looks something like :
High level : haskelldb , Takusen “ Normal ” level : HDBC , hsql Low level : sqlite , anydbm , hsSqlite3 , PostgreSQL , BerkeleyDB
Low level ones typically just wrap the C interfaces underneath , providing few new safety guarantees .
Medium level ones generally present a “ sensible ” Haskell API to the exposed db libraries , while the high level ones attempt to abstract out significant safety or productivity by embedding concepts deeper into the language .
Different libraries support different C backends , I ’ll attempt to break that down here :
Also of note is haskell - couchdb , and even haskell - hs3 , for a different storage needs .
Finally , if you want to step away from calling out to C altogether , and go for something purely in Haskell , there ’s haskell - tcache , a transactional cache with configurable persistence in 100 % Haskell using transactional memory .
Tropicana denies they used Obama - like Michael Duvert to purposely profit off the president - elect -- but one thing you can't deny ... they do look a lot alike .
About The Author Jacob Gube is the Founder and Chief Editor of Six Revisions , a web publication for web developers and designers , and the Deputy Editor of Design Instruct , a web … More about Jacob Gube …
50 Useful JavaScript Tools
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
JavaScript is a powerful client - side scripting language used in many modern websites and Web applications .
In the hands of a skilled Web developer , JavaScript can enhance the user ’s experience of the website and provide rich interactive components and features .
But even though syntactically simple in nature , JavaScript is often difficult to author because of the environment it runs in : the Web browser .
By Jacob Gube
JavaScript ’s popularity is evident in emerging technologies , such as Adobe AIR , which use it as a supported language for creating desktop - based applications .
Below , you ’ll find 50 excellent tools to help you achieve various tasks involved in authoring JavaScript code .
You ’ll find useful tools to speed up your coding processes , including debugging tools to hunt down places where your scripts break , unit testing and validation tools to test your scripts in various situations , security vulnerability scanners and code optimization tools to make sure your scripts are light as a feather .
You ’ll also find a few new and alternative JavaScript and AJAX frameworks to help you explore options beyond the big names ( i.e. MooTools , jQuery , YUI , Dojo , Prototype ) , in addition to useful scripts to help you accomplish a host of design and development tasks related to JavaScript .
Also , be sure to check out the following related posts :
j Query UI
The jQuery UI allows you to design custom user interfaces for Web applications using the jQuery library .
With jQuery UI , you can reduce the amount of code you write for common rich interactive features and website widgets .
Be sure to check out the jQuery UI Demo page , which showcases some of the things you can accomplish using jQuery UI .
Google Web Toolkit The Google Web Toolkit ( commonly referred to as GWT ) is a framework for developing complex and fully featured AJAX - based Web applications .
You write front - end code in Java that is later compiled into optimized and cross - browser - friendly JavaScript .
GWT puts the focus on Web application development by reducing the need for testing and debugging JavaScript for browser quirks .
Jx Jx is a JavaScript library for creating graphical user interfaces written on top of the MooTools framework .
Jx is distributed with an MIT license and is well documented .
Numerous examples as well as thorough and well - organized API documentation is available on the website .
Freestyle Webtop Toolkit Freestyle aims to reduce the complexity and time involved in deploying Web - based user interfaces by eliminating the separation of client - side and server - side development .
With Freestyle , you focus on programming logic and UI design , and it handles the rest ( i.e. cross - browser compatibility and DHTML and AJAX development ) .
Script# Script# is an AJAX and JavaScript authoring tool that allows developers to write in C# .
It also allows .NET developers to leverage their existing knowledge and provides powerful tools associated with the .NET framework .
Aptana Jaxer Aptana Jaxer is the first “ AJAX server ” that allows developers to use their AJAX , HTML , JavaScript and DOM knowledge to create fully featured server - side - powered Web applications .
With Jaxer , you can even write database queries in JavaScript syntax .
Jaxer integrates very well with popular JavaScript libraries such as jQuery , Dojo and Ext JS .
JS Regex Generator JS Regex Generator helps JavaScript developers write Regular Expressions for matching strings of text .
This is commonly done for text - format validation , such as when checking if inputted text has the correct date and email format .
WaveMaker WaveMaker is open - source software for complete Web application development and deployment .
You can find a host of demo applications built and deployed using WaveMaker on the Demo Applications page .
JSDoc Toolkit JSDoc
Toolkit makes code documentation a breeze .
Written in JavaScript , it helps developers automatically generate templates for JavaScript comments .
It ’s a great tool for managing large - scale applications developed by teams of developers who have different coding styles .
jGrouseDoc jGrouseDoc is an open - source project distributed through Google Code under a modified BSD license .
It lets developers document and manage their code comments using a format similar to Javadoc’s .
Firebug Firebug is an extremely popular and well - regarded front - end debugging tool .
It has all the features you ’d expect from a JavaScript debugging tool , such as the ability to set breakpoints in your code so that you can step through your script .
For people developing outside of Mozilla - based browsers , check out Firebug Lite , which is a JavaScript library you can include in your Web pages to access some of the features of Firebug .
Venkman JavaScript Debugger Venkman is Mozilla ’s JavaScript debugger and an add - on for Gecko - based browsers .
Venkman is a robust and fully featured JavaScript debugging environment , with a host of useful features and options , such as code profiling to inspect your script ’s performance .
Drosera Drosera is an excellent debugging tool for Safari and WebKit - based browsers .
Opera Dragonfly Opera Dragonfly is a robust debugging environment for the Opera browser .
Dragonfly allows you to view and inspect errors , debug your scripts and inspect and edit the DOM and CSS on the fly .
NitobiBug NitobiBug is a browser - based JavaScript object logger and inspector .
It runs on numerous browsers , including IE , Safari , Opera and Firefox .
It is a powerful tool in helping developers build rich interactive AJAX applications .
DebugBar DebugBar is an in - browser front - end debugger for Internet Explorer .
Much like its Firefox counterparts , it has a robust set of features , such as DOM , JavaScript and cookie inspection .
Be sure to check out Companion JS , which is a JavaScript debugging library to be used alongside DebugBar .
Internet Explorer Developer Toolbar Similar to Firebug , IE Developer Toolbar is an in - browser tool to help you debug front - end code in Internet Explorer .
It ’s especially handy as a debugging and inspection alternative to Firefox when you ’re developing and testing in IE .
Test - JavaScriptMVC
Test is a JavaScriptMVC
component for easily setting up automated unit testing for JavaScript code .
It lets you effectively test for DOM events ( such as a key press or form submission ) , thereby lessening development time , oversight and errors associated with manual testing .
JsUnit JsUnit is a popular unit testing framework for JavaScript code .
It ’s a JavaScript port from another unit testing framework for Java called JUnit .
JsUnit allows you to write test cases and provides tools for automated code execution .
JSLint JSLint is a Web - based tool for verifying your JavaScript code for errors .
It has a ton of features and settings that you can use to customize verification algorithms to suit your needs .
Crosscheck Crosscheck is an open - source testing framework for JavaScript .
Crosscheck is unique because it works independent of environment : you can run tests outside of a Web browser , which avoids discrepancies that occur when testing in various browsers .
YUI Test YUI
Test is a suite of testing utilities that ’s part of the YUI library developed by Yahoo !.
It has numerous features , such as easy creation of test cases through an intuitive syntax , advanced failure detection and the ability to organize test cases by grouping them into test suites .
J3 Unit J3 Unit is an excellent object - oriented unit-testing framework for JavaScript .
It gives you a host of options for writing automated test cases and has three modes : Static Mode , Local Browser Mode and Remote Browser Mode .
Regular Expression Tool The Regular Expression
Tool is an online utility that allows you to test your RegEx code against a sample test .
It ’s a handy tool to have around when you want to quickly test the efficacy of your regular expressions in a variety of example texts .
JavaScript Regular Expression Tester
This is another handy tool for testing regular expressions within the Web browser .
JSLitmus JSLitmus is a lightweight tool for creating JavaScript benchmarks and performance tests , using an intuitive API .
AttackAPI AttackAPI is a framework for writing test cases of potential JavaScript exploits and vulnerabilities .
jsfuzzer jsfuzzer is a fuzzing tool to help you write ( and test for ) attack vectors in JavaScript .
New and Alternative JavaScript and Ajax Development Frameworks
Clean AJAX Clean AJAX is an open - source framework for creating AJAX - based applications .
Check out the demo page to see it in action .
SAJAX SAJAX is an excellent toolkit for developing AJAX - based applications .
It supports PHP , Perl and Python .
JavaScriptMVC
JavaScriptMVC is a Web application framework based on the MVC software architectural pattern .
It speeds up Web development processes and lays down best practices , maintainability and standards as principles in a project ’s development .
qooxdoo qooxdoo is a simple and intuitive AJAX application framework .
Be sure to check out the Demo Browser , a Web - based application that allows you to view demos of qooxdoo at work .
SimpleJS SimpleJS is a small and lightweight JavaScript library that provides developers with useful JavaScript functions for working with AJAX .
Image Manipulation and Graphing
Reflection.js Reflection.js automatically adds reflections to your images unobtrusively .
Also check out instant.js , a similar script that adds an image border and tilts images on a Web page .
typeface.js typeface.js allows you to embed custom fonts on Web pages , freeing you from having to create images for HTML text .
CanvasGraph.js CanvasGraph.js is a simple JavaScript library that lets you construct bar , line and pie charts using HTML ’s canvas element .
flot flot is a JavaScript library for plotting data and has been tested to work in most modern Web browsers .
JavaScript Diagram Builder
The JavaScript Diagram Builder is a JavaScript library that consists of a variety of objects and functions for constructing diagrams .
The Dojo Charting Engine The Dojo Charting Engine is a robust utility for creating components for data visualization , written on top of the Dojo Toolkit .
Useful Utilities and JavaScript Scripts
Processing .js Processing.js is a JavaScript port of Processing , the open - source data- visualization programming language .
Check out examples that use Processing .js .
AJAX Libraries API Google ’s AJAX Libraries API allows you to serve popular JavaScript libraries using its CDN , which reduces the server load on your website .
DamnIT DamnIT is an error - reporting service that allows you to gather feedback from beta testers after they ’ve encountered a JavaScript error .
This is perfect for live production testing and as a monitoring tool that helps you track errors and weak spots in your Web applications .
ie7 - js ie7 - js is a JavaScript library that forces Internet Explorer to behave like a standards - based browser ( like Firefox or Opera ) .
It automatically fixes IE browser quirks and deviations from Web standards , as in the case of its box model .
Lazy loader Lazy loader is a jQuery plug - in that delays the loading of images so that text content can load first , thereby making image - heavy pages load faster .
JS Minifier JS Minifier is a Web - based tool for shrinking your JavaScript code to make it as lightweight as possible .
JSMIN JSMIN is a popular JavaScript minifier that removes unneeded characters ( like spaces and tabs ) and comments , thus reducing your script ’s file size .
YUI Compressor
The YUI Compressor is another well - regarded JavaScript code-optimization tool developed by Yahoo !.
Scriptalizer Scriptalizer is a helpful online tool for combining JavaScript files to reduce HTTP requests .
ShrinkSafe ShrinkSafe is a compression tool that reduces JavaScript file sizes .
SlickSpeed Selectors Test SlickSpeed is a Web page for comparing the performance of the DOM object selection of various popular frameworks like MooTools and jQuery .
Late Friday ruling limits ' Ballot Universe ' of those still under consideration for counting , to only those ' legally cast under relevant law '
Franken team pleased that at least 13 of 19 categories of previously rejected absentee ballots will not be counted ...
Brad Friedman Byon 2/13/2009 , 3:56 pm PT
[ Updated several times at bottom of article . ]
A late Friday finding from the 3 - judge panel presiding over the Coleman / Franken U.S. Senate election contest in Minnesota has limited the number of previously rejected absentee ballots that may be reviewed for possible counting .
The 17 - page order [ PDF ] , issued late today , will likely come as a blow to former Senator Norm Coleman 's ( R ) chances of overtaking presumptive Senator - elect Al Franken 's ( D ) current lead of some 250 votes out of approximately 2.9 million ballots cast last November ...
Earlier this week , the judges ordered both sides to present arguments on whether 19 different categories of rejected absentee ballots should , or should n't , be considered for counting in the trial .
Previously , the court had narrowed the " ballot universe " --- those ballots to be considered for possible counting --- to some 4,800 ballots submitted by the Coleman team , and about 800 from Franken 's team .
Most of the ballots were previously rejected for counting on both Election Night , and again during the post- election hand - count , for various reasons , most notably because voters failed to follow certain requirements , such as signing their ballots or submitting proper registration forms along with them .
" The sole question presented to this Court in this election contest , " the ruling reads , is " which party to the contest received the highest number of votes legally cast at the election and is therefore entitled to received the certificate of election . "
" Thus , by excluding ballots in categories that are not legally cast under relevant law , the Court can narrow the scope and focus of this contest . "
And , with that , the judges proceeded to rule out a number of categories of ballots that were " not legally cast under relevant law and shall not be ordered opened and counted . "
Ballots that the court ruled will not be ordered to be counted :
" An Absentee Ballot Submitted by a Voter in an Absentee Ballot Return Envelope on which the Voter 's Address Differs from the Address Provided in the Absentee Ballot Application "
" An Absentee Ballot Submitted by a Voter Whose Absentee Ballot Application Does Not Contain the Voter 's Signature "
" An Absentee Ballot Submitted in an Absentee Ballot Return Envelope That is Not Signed by the Voter "
" Absentee Ballots Witnessed by a Notary Public Without Affixing a Stamp or Seal "
" Absentee Ballots Submitted by Voters Who Were Not Registered in the Precinct "
" Absentee Ballots Received After the Relevant Statutory Deadlines "
At this moment , we do n't yet know how many ballots remain in the " ballot universe " following the ruling , though at a telephonic press conference for reporters held moments ago , Franken attorney Marc Elias contended that some 13 out of 19 categories they 'd wanted exclude from counting were , in fact , excluded in the ruling by the court .
Another 4 categories they 'd wanted excluded may or may not be a part of this ruling .
Though Elias did n't know how many exactly , he said " a huge number " of ballots would now be excluded from the " universe " in current consideration .
" There are a total of 17 of the 19 that it appears we 've prevailed on , either explicitly or implicitly in the reasoning , " he said .
Franken had argued against counting ballots in 17 of the 19 categories , while Coleman 's team had wanted all but two categories counted , arguing that many of the rejected ballots should be counted , despite a failure by voters to follow all requirements for casting absentee ballots .
UPDATE 4:50 pm PT : TPM's Eric Kleefeld describes the ruling as " very bad news for Norm Coleman , " and notes that in addition to the numbers of ballots no longer available for consideration , the ruling strikes down an important argument in Coleman 's case to date :
The court also walked back an approach they 'd previously been looking at --- that a ballot could be accepted if any non-compliance by the voter could be blamed on an election official failing to instruct or correct them .
Instead , they say full compliance is needed for the categories laid out here .
UPDATE 5:30 pm PT : Coleman 's attorneys tell AP " they believed the ruling left about 3,500 rejected absentee ballots still at play in the trial . "
Consider the source in that assessment , which may or may not be accurate .
But hopefully we 'll be able to get a better sense of the numbers over the weekend , after a bit of crunching .
UPDATE 9:10 pm PT : Star - Tribune adds this disturbing thought :
But although many ballots have been removed by the ruling , it may also have the effect of lengthening the trial .
The order states that Coleman must show that the ballots he wants counted were legally cast , not just that they should n't have been rejected .
Displaying absentee ballot envelopes with obvious problems wo n't be enough , the judges wrote .
" There may be fewer ballots to look at , but proving them up may take longer , " said Coleman attorney Ben Ginsberg .
Sigh ...
Recently related coverage from The BRAD BLOG ...
Overview
zsync is a file transfer program .
It allows you to download a file from a remote server , where you have a copy of an older version of the file on your computer already .
zsync downloads only the new parts of the file .
It uses the same algorithm as rsync .
However , where rsync is designed for synchronising data from one computer to another within an organisation , zsync is designed for file distribution , with one file on a server to be distributed to thousands of downloaders .
zsync requires no special server software — just a web server to host the files — and imposes no extra load on the server , making it ideal for large scale file distribution .
zsync is open source , distributed under version 2 of the Artistic License .
Feedback , bugs reports and patches are welcome .
Advantages of zsync
zsync fills a gap in the technology available for large - scale file distribution .
Three key points explain why zsync provides a genuinely new technique for file distribution :
Client - side rsync — zsync uses the rsync algorithm , but runs it on the client side , thus avoiding the high server load associated with rsync .
— zsync uses the rsync algorithm , but runs it on the client side , thus avoiding the high server load associated with rsync .
Rsync over HTTP — zsync provides transfers that are nearly as efficient as rsync - z or cvsup , without the need to run a special server application .
All that is needed is an HTTP / 1.1 - compliant web server .
So it works through firewalls and on shared hosting accounts , and gives less security worries .
— zsync provides transfers that are nearly as efficient as rsync - z or cvsup , without the need to run a special server application .
All that is needed is an HTTP / 1.1 - compliant web server .
So it works through firewalls and on shared hosting accounts , and gives less security worries .
Handling for compressed files — rsync is ineffective on compressed files , unless they are compressed with a patched version of gzip .
zsync has special handling for gzipped files , which enables update transfers of files which are distributed in compressed form .
The special handling of compressed files is , as far as I know , entirely new and unique to zsync .
The combination of client - side rsync and HTTP is also unique to zsync , to the best of my knowledge .
I have put up technical papers .
There is a current paper , which reflects zsync 's latest development , and which I update with new figures as I run new tests and comparisons ; there are also older snapshots of the technical paper , included for reference and citation .
Practical Engineering
zsync is only useful if people offer zsync downloads .
I have made a deliberate effort to make zsync simple and reliable in use , and easy to deploy .
Single meta - file — zsync downloads are offered by building a .zsync file , which contains the meta - data needed by zsync .
This file contains the precalculated checksums for the rsync algorithm ; it is generated on the server , once , and is then used by any number of downloaders .
— zsync downloads are offered by building a .zsync file , which contains the meta - data needed by zsync .
This file contains the precalculated checksums for the rsync algorithm ; it is generated on the server , once , and is then used by any number of downloaders .
Easy file format — .zsync files have a simple text header , so they can be edited with any good editor to change details like the download URL .
— .zsync files have a simple text header , so they can be edited with any good editor to change details like the download URL .
Flexible use —
The .zsync contains either a relative URL to the full content of the file , so you can either generate and offer it on the same server as hosts the full download ( and so it can be distributed like any other file onto mirror sites ) .
Or it can contains one or more absolute URLs ( the client will try multiple URLs if necessary to find the content ) , meaning the .zsync can be hosted on a different server entirely ; in fact , the .zsync can be generated and offered by a third party , while still leaving most of the download to the original distribution site .
Because zsync is a file distribution method , it is useful only when people offer .zsyncs for downloads .
It 's a little hard to demonstrate the program and build up a user base because of this .
So I am suggesting a number of uses for zsync on the client page ; these include some zsync downloads that I am offering downloads myself to give some immediate use to the program .
If you are a server operator looking to use zsync for file distribution , see the server page , which gives some guidance on how to create and offer .zsync files .
Current Status
I am fairly happy with how zsync works so far , but I am still open to new ideas and optimisations .
I have made sure that the format is fairly extensible in a compatible way ; I expect that users of the current version of zsync will not experience compatibility problems with later versions for the foreseeable future .
I am also looking to freeze the interface between the zsync library and the current command - line client ; I will at some point split zsync into a dynamic library , which implements the format and allows it to be embedded into other programs , and the client program .
This to some extent depends on whether anyone is interested in embedding zsync into other programs ; if I do n't hear of anyone intending to do so , this might wait until I have a use for it myself .
I am interested in hearing feedback about zsync .
Bugs , crashes , and feature suggestions are welcome .
Perhaps most of all I am interested in hearing about uses of zsync : I would like to hear about any serious use of zsync , because knowing how people are using it will affect which features I work on .
If there are features that you need to enable a particular use , then I would like to hear about that too , particularly anyone that is interested in using zsync as a library as part of a larger program ; please note that support for multiple files has already been asked about many times , but due to lack of time I am not likely to work on this in the near future .
UBS struck the deal in a federal court in Florida
UBS has agreed to pay $ 780 m ( £ 549 m ) to the US government to settle allegations that it defrauded US tax authorities , the Justice Department has said .
In an unprecedented move , the Swiss banking giant has also agreed to hand over the identities and account information of certain US clients .
UBS was accused of conspiring to create sham accounts to hide clients ' assets .
In light of the bank 's acknowledging responsibility , the Justice Department recommended dismissing the charge .
The deal was agreed in a federal court in Florida .
Switzerland has strict bank secrecy laws but the country 's financial regulator ordered UBS to hand over some client data to the US government .
" The veil of secrecy has been pulled aside and we will continue to aggressively pursue those who shirk their federal tax obligations or assist others in doing so , " the Justice Department said in a statement .
There are so many ways that you can cut a dataset whether it be big or small .
Cut it by time , different chunks of time , categories , etc. , and you just might get a different story out of your graph .
Over on Barry Ritholtz ’ blog , The Big Picture , debate over the extent of job losses and this recession led to these four depictions of , well , job losses and recessions .
This first one is from Time Magazine , which shows job losses in recent recessions , and what got the discussion started .
This one takes the natural next step and shows job losses is all post World War II recessions :
Now what if we look at the time it took to recover from job losses ?
Does that give us a better story ?
Lastly , here ’s a look at the recession decrease in employment from the peak of NFP ( ? ) per household :
I ’m no economist , but it ’s clear from the graphs that there is some serious job loss , and probably why Obama is so focused on creating and saving 4 million jobs .
However , the severity of the current recession changes depending on what angle you point your camera .
Which viewpoint do you think is right ?
[ Thanks , Barry ]
What do you do with 4,000 decommissioned oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico ?
Instead of blowing them up — costing millions and killing aquatic life — Morris Architects ' Hotelier At Sea project turns them into Dubai - esque luxury hotels .
Advertisement
According to BldgBlog , approximately 4,000 oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico will be decommissioned within the next century .
Morris proposed to convert this space into exclusive , self - sufficient eco-friendly , high - end resort islands off the Gulf of Mexico , dubbing it our very own American Dubai , as you can tell from the yacht parking lot seen in the gallery below .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Currently , the method of removing these sorts of oil rigs would be to blow them up , which would cost millions of dollars and would kill a ton of sea life in the process .
With a deck of each oil rig at 20,000 square feet , that creates about 80 million square feet of usable space .
One reason this proposal is cheaper than blasting is that the rooms themselves are efficiently shipped out on big tankers and installed by stacking and sliding open , Transformers - style :
Advertisement
[ BldgBlog ]
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
There used to be a time when investors did n't have to worry about the financial health of companies in the Dow Jones industrial average .
If a company was one of the 30 considered to be an important barometer of the U.S. economy , you 'd think that it would have to be a relatively stable firm .
Sure , the company would go through some cyclical ups and downs like any other firm .
But you would n't have to worry about it going belly - up without assistance from the government .
That 's clearly no longer the case .
In September , I wrote about why AIG had to be booted from the Dow a couple of days before the Federal Reserve bought a majority stake in the struggling insurance giant and the folks at Dow Jones Indexes made the decision to remove it from the Dow .
And I also recently argued that General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) , which had to get a $ 13.4 billion loan from the federal government last month to avoid bankruptcy , should be kicked out of the Dow .
Sadly , these Kick a Company from the Dow columns are almost becoming like my own personal Mad Libs in this rotten economy .
Here is why ( corporate name ) needs to be removed from the Dow .
Shares of the ( adjective ) company have ( verb : past tense ) over the past few months , and the company is expected to suffer massive losses for the next ( number ) quarters .
And today , you get two for the price of one !
Now that Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) appears to be shrinking itself from a " financial supermarket " to a " financial convenience store , " and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) is receiving another $ 20 billion from Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to ensure that Merrill Lynch does n't torpedo the firm 's balance sheet , I 'm not sure that either is worthy of being included in the Dow anymore .
Why BofA and Citi have to go
First things first .
I realize that the Dow is not a mutual fund .
The editors at The Wall Street Journal and other members at Dow Jones Indexes that decide who 's in and out at the Dow should not be getting rid of stocks just because they 've fallen and replace them with hot momentum stocks .
And if you keep reading , you 'll see that some of the stocks I suggest as replacements have hardly been setting the market on fire as of late .
That being said , the Dow should n't be a collection of companies that are at risk of collapse without having to tap the First National Bank of Hank .
John Prestbo , editor and executive director of Dow Jones Indexes , told me Friday that no action was being planned regarding BofA or Citi right now .
But when I spoke with Prestbo in November about GM , he said the reason AIG was removed was because the government essentially nationalized it .
He added though that he thought there was a difference between what the Federal Reserve did with AIG and what Treasury was doing with banks as part of the Troubled Asset Relief program , or TARP .
So even though some might argue that Citi and BofA have been quasi-nationalized now that the government has bought $ 45 billion in the company 's preferred stock , this still does not make the government anywhere close to being a majority owner of either bank .
Prestbo elaborated on that point Friday .
" Neither bank has the government owning common equity , and there is no control of the company by the government , " he said .
" At AIG , the government may not be calling all the shots but they are definitely helping to run the show . "
However , Prestbo said that another litmus test for whether a company should be kicked out of the Dow is whether it operating on a level playing field with competitors .
So for example , if a Dow component filed for bankruptcy , Prestbo said there would be no choice but to remove it .
" What we try to do is make sure every company in the Dow is operating under the same kind of marketplace , " he said .
While Citi and BofA have n't gone bankrupt , it is harder by the day to argue that they are " operating in the same kind of marketplace " as other banks .
They have not only both received more TARP funding than peers , but also have been given guarantees against hundreds of billions of dollars of potential losses as part of their bailouts .
So unless the Fed , Treasury and FDIC are willing to officially announce that they will backstop the losses on mortgage - backed securities for all banks , it looks like Citi and BofA have an unfair advantage over its rivals .
And Prestbo conceded Friday that this is a concern .
" It 's possible that even though the government may not take a direct equity stake , its involvement with the banks could disqualify companies from the standpoint of business as usual type competition , " he said .
Finally , Prestbo hinted that a bigger issue for Citi in particular is that the bank announced Friday it is reorganizing into two units .
That could set the stage for Citi to sell off businesses and become a shell of the company currently in the Dow .
" Companies do change their stripes over time .
That 's one thing we try and keep an eye on .
We selected Citigroup , Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase as leading representatives of the financial industry .
If they become less than leading , they become vulnerable , " he said .
Possible replacements
With this in mind , who could replace Citi and BofA if they are both shown the door ?
( For now , I 'll give up on the notion that GM will be booted anytime soon for a foreign automaker like Toyota . )
Getting rid of these two would mean that there are only two financials left in the Dow : JPMorgan Chase and American Express .
So it 's likely that at one replacement should be another financial firm .
I 'd suggest Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) .
Sure , its stock has also taken a huge beating in the past few weeks , plunging 37.5 % just this year alone .
Wells also is a recipient of $ 25 billion in TARP funds , and it is taking a huge risk with its Wachovia acquisition .
But many industry experts believe that Wells and JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , which also got $ 25 billion , were not happy about getting this money because neither bank felt they had to be lumped in with Citi and BofA as banks requiring assistance .
Wells has also won plaudits from analysts for its conservative management during the housing boom , and its savvy in absorbing other big mergers .
Wells , after all , is the product of a merger with Norwest .
You'd be hard - pressed to find another big financial firm that 's worthy of inclusion in the Dow though .
So I doubt that two banks would be added .
Pepsico ( PEP , Fortune 500 ) would be a perfect addition .
It 's one of the better - managed companies in any industry and has the type of global brand recognition that the people at the Dow usually look for .
However , it 's probably not a likely addition anytime soon given that another consumer staples company , food giant Kraft ( KFT , Fortune 500 ) , was the last new Dow arrival , replacing AIG in September .
Plus , Pepsi's top rival Coca - Cola ( KO , Fortune 500 ) is already in the Dow .
So it 's probably more plausible to think that if there are two Dow vacancies anytime soon , either another tech firm , energy company or health care firm will join Wells Fargo .
There are currently only two energy companies in the Dow , which makes an addition from that sector the most probable .
Petroleum exploration firm ConocoPhillips ( COP , Fortune 500 ) or oil services company Schlumberger ( SLB ) would fit the bill .
Energy is still a vital sector of the U.S. economy and it's somewhat odd that there are only two companies from it in the Dow currently , even though plunging oil prices have led to big drops in each stock lately .
In the tech sector , networking equipment leader Cisco Systems ( CSCO , Fortune 500 ) is a logical candidate for the Dow .
The company has a market value of nearly $ 100 billion , and despite a slowdown in demand for products using the company 's switches and routers during the recession , Cisco is still well - positioned to benefit from the continued build out of communications networks around the globe .
Finally , health care has emerged as one of the more stable sectors of the economy during this downturn .
And there are only three healthcare stocks in the Dow .
Of that group , two are Big Pharma firms .
So why not add biotech leader Amgen ( AMGN , Fortune 500 ) or device maker Medtronic ( MDT , Fortune 500 ) ?
Again , I 'm not suggesting that the Dow get routinely overhauled like some actively managed hedge fund so that it can increase in value .
But it would be nice to have more industry leaders in it and fewer companies forced to go begging to Washington for lifelines .
Over at my other weblog review a paper on the genetics of Koreans .
The title is a shout - out to an old Korean American friend of mine who received a great deal of grief from his female Korean American peers for openly admitting that he was into a Hmong girl .
She was very good - looking , but as they said , " she 's Hmong .... "
Labels : Genetics , Koreans
The 2008 Minnesota Senate Election Contest began today at 11 AM CT in the Judicial Center of St. Paul .
Each side presented their opening statements , which took longer than expected , and nothing really happened .
We 'll begin our log with the Coleman campaign calling the first witness of the election contest :
2:47 PM CT : Franken Lawyer Marc Elias is questioning a Coleman aid , Kristen Fuzer , familiar with the processes associated with the photocopying or reproduction of ballots .
She had worked with the campaign for about 1 year .
She is apparently a " Political Director . "
2:52 PM CT : The witness is now reading a brief entitled " Reply for Senate Coleman Memorandum Regarding Improperly Rejected Absentee Ballots . "
It was apparently authored by the Coleman campaign on November 18th .
The Coleman campaign objected and it was sustained .
2:59 PM CT : Marc Elias is attempting to get the witness to reveal the internal beliefs of the Coleman campaign regarding rejected absentee ballots .
She continues to say that she is " not a lawyer " and that " I was not in the legal meetings . "
3:00 PM CT : One of the judges stated that the purpose of the witness is to " lay a foundation for the admissibility of the [ ballot ] copying issue . "
The judge then went on to say that each witness may be recalled at a later date .
Apparently Elias was completely unaware that this witness was going to be called to the stand .
3:05 PM CT : The witness again said that " it is beyond the scope of my position . "
Elias then had the witness discuss the situation associated with the image below .
The image depicts an error between the original ( on the left ) and the copy ( on the right ) ; the reason for the rejection has been recanted in the duplication :
3:09 PM CT : Elias just asked the witness to read her own affidavit associated with her contribution to challenging ballots on behalf of the Coleman campaign in Sherburne County .
3:18 PM CT : The witness finished getting " acquainted " with past events by reading , what I believe was here own affidavit .
She stated that the Coleman campaign wanted 654 additional rejected absentee ballots .
Elias is now done with the witness .
3:19 PM CT : The Coleman campaign then asked the witness if it was possible through the many copies that were made , if some errors occurred .
The response : " Yes . " Next Witness .
3:20 PM CT : Gloria Sonnet ( or Sonnen ) works at the law firm Dorsey and Witney in Minnesota .
3:24 PM CT : Gloria was apparently responsible for the compilation of a ballot table .
The attorney is asking the witness to state basic facts about the exhibit they are referencing .
3:28 PM CT : A judge just ruled that Exhibits C1 and C2 will be received in the court .
I 'm not exactly sure what is included , but this is good news for Coleman .
3:30 PM CT : These ballots are marked accepted , despite the fact that they were rejected and not counted .
3:33 PM CT : The witness and lawyer are going through a list of ballots contained within Exhibit C1 and verifying their placement within the exhibit .
The ballots listed so far are from Anoka County .
A five minute recess has been ordered , which means I can eat quick .
3:47 PM CT : Court back in session .
This is going to take forever .
They are going through each ballots within C1 and C2 and reading the name of the voter and the original status of the ballot .
I should also mention that these are absentee ballots that were not counted .
During the recess they showed the binders containing exhibit C1 and C2 .
There is at least one binder with about an 8 inch spine .
I saw three binders total , but they may have been for distribution .
3:51 PM CT : None of these ballots were counted according to the Coleman campaign .
The court reaffirmed their motion to conditionally receive these exhibits .
Elias stated that " I do n't know what to make of these , " having just received the evidence and the shift of allocation as Gloria reads through them .
3:53 PM CT : The court believes that election judges and election employees will be called to the stand to speak to the ballots present within the presented exhibits .
3:57 PM CT : There are apparently 5,000 ballots total .
This will take a very long time .
There are none form Becker County ; next onto Benton .
4:05 PM CT : It appears as though they will continue to go through each of the ballots present within C1 and C2 ; I 'll try and get a PDF of the actual exhibits later tonight .
They are taking another " brief " recess to consider the objection by the Franken campaign .
This will probably be my last entry for today .
5:14 PM CT : The court resumes and declares that the original ballots must be brought to the court house and reviewed in conjunction with Coleman 's presentation of exhibits C1 and C2 .
Coleman must subpoena for this evidence .
The court then adjourned .
The need for the originals is in large part due to the errors that were made in photocopying the ballots ; as previously discussed by the first witness .
It seems likely that a subpoena will be granted based upon the Election Contest Court 's position .
Coleman only needs one county to consent and the rest will likely follow ; both based upon precedence and equal protection laws .
Last Friday , Norm Coleman put forth a motion requesting that a certain set of identified ballots be sent to the Election Contest Court for inspection ; the court then promptly denied this motion .
Today 's late decision by the court seems to indicate a departure from their previous order ; the absentee ballots in question will eventually be transported to the court house for further review , assuming a subpoena from one of Minnesota 's 87 counties is approved .
Did the Coleman campaign 's sloppy copying facilitate the need for original ballots , or did the need for original ballots facilitate the need for sloppy copying ?
In either case , Coleman 's requested relief will eventually be granted .
The court reconvenes tomorrow at 9 AM CT .
If any new documents are posted , specifically the ballots contained within Exhibit C1 and C2 , I 'll be sure to let you know .
SYDNEY , Australia  Australia said Friday that it would not agree to American requests to accept more detainees from the prison at Guantánamo Bay , and Britain signaled reluctance to take in significant numbers of former inmates , underscoring the difficulties both the departing and incoming administrations in Washington face in trying to close the camp , which has stirred bitter controversy around the world .
Australia ’s acting prime minister , Julia Gillard , said the Bush administration had twice approached Australia about taking prisoners from the camp , at the American naval base in Cuba .
“ The Bush administration first approached Australia in early 2008 with a request to resettle a small group of detainees from Guantánamo in Australia , ” Ms. Gillard said Friday in a statement .
“ After appropriate consideration , Australia declined to allow resettlement of that small group in Australia . ”
Early last month , the White House again appealed to Australia and “ a number of other friends and allies of the United States , ” she said , adding that the request had not come from President - elect Barack Obama .
Mr. Obama , who is to be sworn in on Jan. 20 , has pledged to close the camp .
PORTSMOUTH —
One day after work began at the future site of the African burial ground memorial park , city crews and archaeologists found the remains of five bodies while digging at the site Thursday .
PORTSMOUTH —
One day after work began at the future site of the African burial ground memorial park , city crews and archaeologists found the remains of five bodies while digging at the site Thursday .
The discovery threatens the viability of design plans for the Chestnut Street park , which are more than four years in the making .
A series of 13 coffins were discovered during an infrastructure project on the street in 2003 .
Experts later determined the remains were part of the " Negro Burying Ground " shown on a 1705 city map .
The boundaries of the burial ground are unknown , but archaeologists said they believe there could be up to 200 bodies underneath Chestnut Street , between Court and State streets .
On Wednesday , the city began excavating along the surface in a small section of the street to ensure there would be no further disturbance when foundation and drainage work was done for the parks .
On Thursday morning , crews had found skull fragments that appeared to have been crushed by a metal gas pipe laid there .
Other bone fragments were found throughout the day , as well as wooden coffins .
Kathy Wheeler , of Independent Archaeological Consulting , was at the scene in 2003 and was there when the remains were found Thursday .
The discovery was not a huge surprise , she said , but they had hoped the burials would be deeper to allow for the park to be constructed .
" The purpose was to confirm the absence of graves in the 2 ½ feet they need to put the memorial there .
And we 've in fact proved that they can't go everywhere 2 ½ feet because there are some burials that shallow , " said Wheeler .
" It renews all sorts of discussions we 've already had . "
The project will likely have to be modified , according to Deputy City Manager Cindy Hayden , but it unknown to what extent .
The city canceled a meeting scheduled for Monday to unveil the final design to the public , in order to determine how to proceed .
" The balancing act we face is we want to create a memorial there that honors the burial ground , but at the same time , we do n't want to further disturb those buried there , " Hayden said .
Most of the bones discovered were fragments , but Wheeler said inside one of the coffins appeared to be a complete skull .
She said it will be up to the African - American community to decide whether to disinter the remains and attempt to learn more about the people buried there or leave them buried .
Valerie Cunningham , a local black historian and member of the African Burying Ground Committee , said she is disappointed the design the committee worked so hard on will have to be modified .
" It re-emphasizes what we 've been trying to say all along — that we do n't know the barriers of the burial ground , " said Cunningham .
" We never thought that was it , and we still do n't know how far it goes . "
While it is unfortunate the design plans must change , Hayden said , she is happy the city decided to do the test dig .
" We did n't want to spend more money on the final engineering design , put it out to bid and hire a contractor and , on Day 1 , find what we did today , " said Hayden .
" So we 'll look at the design , consult with the state archeologist and find out how we can make something work there . "
Footballers have had many motives when pulling up their tops to reveal hidden T - shirts .
They have supported striking workers ( Robbie Fowler ) .
They have thanked fans for support in troubled times ( Frank Lampard ) .
They have even been employed to abuse their rivals ( Paul Tait 's S*** on the Villa effort ) .
But they have never until Saturday 's fifth - round tie at Bramall Lane been used for naked advertising .
Thankfully , when Greg Halford ( pictured ) scored after seven minutes in this Yorkshire derby , he did not pull up his Sheffield United top to reveal a Pizza Express two - for - one offer but to advertise a record company in which he is a major investor .
The FA may take a dim view of this , but Halford claimed he had asked the referee , Andre Marriner , before kick - off " and he said it was perfectly all right .
But I did n't take the shirt off to give a full view because I am on four bookings . "
There are not many 24 - year - olds who would invest much of their salary in RandR World , a small record company founded by Eric Nicoli , the one - time head of EMI , and Paul Rose , a schoolboy friend of Halford 's who reached the last 16 of Pop Idol .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But there are not many full - backs who , on being told they would be employed as an emergency centre - forward on the grounds that Sheffield United were so racked by injury that they could not actually fill their bench , would don a T - shirt in the expectation that they would score .
He ended the match as a centre - back and would also have gone in goal if required .
He thought he ought to play in central midfield , too .
It is perhaps unsurprising that one of the reasons why Halford is on a season - long loan from Sunderland is that this garrulous , confident lad and Roy Keane , the former Black Cats manager , detested one another .
Kamil Zayatte headed in Andy Dawson 's curling free - kick after 34 minutes and the game petered out into a draw in the second half , ensuring a replay neither team wanted .
After this frenetic draw , the Hull captain , Dean Marney , was asked whether he would be happy finishing fourth - bottom and reaching the FA Cup final , and replied : " You 'd have to ask the gaffer . "
A rubbish answer , but one that would have met with Keane 's approval .
Goals : Halford 1 - 0 ( 7 ) ; Zayatte 1 - 1 ( 34 ) .
Sheffield United : ( 4 - 4 - 2 ) Kenny ; Sun Jihai ( Naughton 60 ) , Morgan ( Webber 31 ) , Kilgallon , Naysmith ; Cotterill , Montgomery , Hendrie ( Howard 73 ) , Quinn ; Halford , Sharp .
Substitutes not used : Bennett ( gk ) , Howard , Walker .
Hull City : ( 4 - 4 - 1-1 ) Myhill ; Ricketts , Turner , Gardner , Dawson ; Mendy ( France 87 ) , Marney , Zayatte , Garcia ( Manucho 79 ) ; Geovanni ( Barmby 73 ) ; Folan .
Substitutes not used : Warner ( gk ) , Doyle , Barmby , France , Halmosi , Feathestone , Manucho .
Booked : Hull City Mendy , Turner , Garcia .
Referee : A Marriner ( West Midlands ) .
Man of the match : Halford .
Attendance : 22,283 .
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
Airport customs in Melbourne , Australia found that a man was carrying bird eggs in his pocket before also noticing that he had two live pigeons wrapped in paper and stuffed inside his pants .
[ social_buttons ]
The 23 - year - old Australian had just returned on a flight from Dubai .
If convicted of smuggling charges , the man could face 10 years in prison and / or a $ 70,430 fine , according to local reports .
“ Wildlife smuggling is not only cruel to the animals involved , it poses a severe risk to the Australian environment and the health of the Australian community , ” said customs spokesman Richard Janeczko .
“ It is important that people declare all animal and plant materials to customs and border protection when they enter Australia . ”
Customs added that they have no idea what the man intended to use the pigeons for , but that he was also carrying a money belt holding plant seeds and “ samples of eggplant . ”
Images : Australian Customs Service
In this post I explain how to compute PageRank using the MapReduce approach to parallelization .
This gives us a way of computing PageRank that can in principle be automatically parallelized , and so potentially scaled up to very large link graphs , i.e. , to very large collections of webpages .
In this post I describe a single - machine implementation which easily handles a million or so pages .
In future posts we ’ll use a cluster to scale out much further – it ’ll be interesting to see how far we can get .
I ’ve discussed PageRank and MapReduce at length in earlier posts – see here for MapReduce , and here and here for PageRank – so in this post we ’ll just quickly review the basic facts .
Let ’s start with PageRank .
The idea is that we number webpages .
For webpage number there is an associated PageRank which measures the importance of page .
The vector of PageRanks is a probability distribution , i.e. , the PageRanks are numbers between and , and sum up to one , in total .
The PageRank measures the importance of page ; the bigger the PageRank , the more important the page .
How is the PageRank vector computed ?
I ’ll just describe the mathematical upshot here ; the full motivation in terms of a crazy websurfer who randomly surfs the web is described in an earlier post .
The upshot is that the PageRank vector can be defined by the equation ( explanation below ) :
What this equation represents is a starting distribution for the crazy websurfer , and then steps of “ surfing ” , with each action of representing how the distribution changes in a single step .
is an - dimensional vector , and is an matrix whose entries reflect the link structure of the web in a way I ’ll make precide below .
The PageRank is defined in the limit of large – in our examples , convergence typically occurs for in the range to .
You might wonder how is chosen , but part of the magic of PageRank is that it does n’t matter how is chosen , provided it ’s a probability distribution .
The intuition is that the starting distribution for the websurfer does n’t matter to the websurfer ’s long - run behaviour .
We ’ll start with the uniform probability distribution , , since it ’s easy to generate .
How is the matrix defined ?
It can be broken up into three pieces
including : a contribution representing the crazy websurfer randomly picking links to follow ; a contribution due to the fact that the websurfer can’t randomly pick a link when they hit a dangling page ( i.e. , one with no outbound links ) , and so something else needs to be done in that case ; and finally a contribution representing the websurfer getting bored and “ teleporting ” to a random webpage .
We ’ll set and as the respective probabilities for randomly selecting a link and teleporting .
See this post for a discussion of the reasons for this choice .
The matrix describes the crazy websurfer ’s linkfollowing behaviour , and so , in some sense , encodes the link structure of the web .
In particular , suppose we define to be the number of links outbound from page .
Then is defined to be if page does not link to page , and if page does link to page .
Stated another way , the entries of the th column of are zero , except at locations corresponding to outgoing links , where they are .
The intuition is that describes the action of a websurfer at page randomly choosing an outgoing link .
The matrix is included to deal with dangling pages , i.e. , pages with no outgoing links .
For such pages it is obviously ambiguous what it means to choose an outgoing link at random .
The conventional resolution is to choose another page uniformly at random from the entire set of pages .
What this means is that if is a dangling page , then the th column of should have all its entries , otherwise , if is not dangling , all the entries should be zero .
A compact way of writing this is
where is the vector of dangling pages , i.e. , the th entry of is if page is dangling , and otherwise is zero .
is the vector whose entries are all s .
The final piece of is the matrix , describing the bored websurfer teleporting somewhere else at random .
This matrix has entries everywhere , representing a uniform probability of going to another webpage .
Okay , that ’s PageRank in a mathematical nutshell .
What about MapReduce ?
Again , I ’ll just remind you of the basic details – if you want an introduction , see this post .
MapReduce is one of those ideas where understanding is really helped by first working through an example , rather than starting with an abstract description , like I ’m about to give , so if you ’re not familiar with MapReduce , I strongly suggest reading the earlier post .
The input to a MapReduce job is a set of ( input_key , input_value ) pairs .
Each pair is used as input to a function mapper ( input_key , input_value ) which produces as output a list of intermediate keys and intermediate values :
[ ( intermediate_key , intermediate_value ) , ( intermediate_key ' , intermediate_value ' ) , ...]
The output from all the different input pairs is then sorted , so that intermediate values associated with the same intermediate_key are grouped together in a list of intermediate values .
The reducer ( intermediate_key , intermediate_value_list ) function is then applied to each intermediate key and list of intermediate values , to produce the output from the MapReduce job .
Computing PageRank with MapReduce
Okay , so how can we compute PageRank using MapReduce ?
The approach we ’ll take is to use MapReduce to repeatedly multiply a vector by the matrix .
In particular , we ’re going to show that if is a probability distribution , then we can easily compute using MapReduce .
We can thus compute using repeated invocations of MapReduce .
Those invocations have to be done serially , but the individual MapReduce jobs are themselves all easily parallelized , and so we can potentially get a speedup by running those jobs on a big cluster .
Much more about doing that in later posts .
The nub of the problem , then , is figuring out how to compute , given a starting probability distribution .
Let ’s start out with a rough approach that gets the basic idea right , essentially using MapReduce to compute .
We ’ll see below that it ’s easy to fix this up to take dangling nodes and teleportation into account .
The fix involves introducing an additional MapReduce job , though , so each multiplication step actually involves two MapReduce jobs , not just one .
For now , though , let ’s concentrate on roughing out a MapReduce job that computes .
As input to the MapReduce computation , we ’ll use ( key , value ) pairs where the key is just the number of the webpage , let ’s call it j , and value contains several items of data describing the page , including , the number of outbound webpages , and a list [ k_1 , k_2 , ... ] of pages that j links to .
For each of the pages k_l that j links to , the mapper outputs an intermediate key - value pair , with the intermediate key being k_l and the value just the contribution made to the PageRank .
Intuitively , this corresponds to the crazy websurfer randomly moving to page k_l , with the probability combining both the probability that they start at page , and the probability that they move to page k_l .
Between the map and reduce phases , MapReduce collects up all intermediate values corresponding to any given intermediate key , k , i.e. , the list of all the probabilities of moving to page k .
The reducer simply sums up all those probabilities , outputting the result as the second entry in the pair ( k , p_k ' ) , and giving us the entries of , as was desired .
To modify this so it computes we need to make three changes .
The first change is to make sure we deal properly with dangling pages , i.e. , we include the term .
One possible way is to treat dangling pages as though they have outgoing links to every single other page , [ 0,1,2 , ... ] .
While this works , it would require us to maintain many very large lists of links , and would be extremely inefficient .
A better way to go is to use our earlier expression , and thus , where is the inner product between the vector of dangling pages , and .
Computing then really boils down to computing .
We can compute using a separate MapReduce job which we run first .
This job computes the inner product , and then passes it as a parameter to the second MapReduce job , which is based on the earlier rough description , and which finishes off the computation .
This first MapReduce job uses the same input as the earlier job – a set of keys j corresponding to pages , and values describing the pages , i.e. , containing the value for p_j , and a description of the outbound links from page j .
If page j is dangling the mapper outputs the intermediate pair ( 1 , p_j ) , otherwise it outputs nothing .
All the intermediate keys are the same , so the reducer acts on just one big list , summing up all the values p_j for dangling pages , giving us the inner product we wanted .
As an aside , while this prescription for computing the inner product using MapReduce is obviously correct , you might worry about the fact that all the intermediate keys have the same value .
This means all the intermediate values will go to a single reducer , running on just one machine in the cluster .
If there are a lot of dangling pages , that means a lot of communication and computation overhead associated with that single machine – it does n’t seem like a very parallel solution .
There ’s actually a simple solution to this problem , which is to modify the MapReduce framework just a little , introducing a “ combine ” phase inbetween map and reduce , which essentially runs little “ mini- reducers ” directly on the output from all the mappers , offloading some of the reduce functionality onto the machines used as mappers .
We wo n’t explore this idea in detail here , but we will implement it in future posts , and we ’ll see that in practice having just a single key is n’t a bottleneck .
The second change we need to make in our rough MapReduce job is to include the teleportation step .
This can be done easily by modifying the reducer to include a contribution from teleportation .
The third change we need to make in our rough MapReduce job is somewhat subtle ; I actually did n’t realize I needed to make this change until after I ran the code , and realized I had a bug .
Think about the set of intermediate keys produced by the mappers .
The only way a given page can appear as an intermediate key is if it ’s linked to by some other page .
Pages with no links to them wo n’t appear in the list of intermediate keys , and so wo n’t appear in the output from the MapReduce job .
The way we deal with this problem is by modifying the mapper so that it emits one extra key - value pair as output .
Namely , if it takes as input ( j , value ) , then it emits all the intermediate keys and values described earlier , and an additional pair ( j,0 ) , which represents a probability of moving to page j .
This ensures that every page j will appear in the list of intermediate keys , but does n’t have any impact on the probability of moving to page j ; you can think of it simply as a placeholder output .
That completes the high - level theoretical description of computing PageRank using MapReduce .
In the next section of the post I ’ll describe a simple Python implementation of this MapReduce - based approach to PageRank .
If you ’re not interested in the implementation , you can skip to the final section , where I talk about how to think about programming with MapReduce – general heuristics you can use to put problems into a form where MapReduce can be used to attack them .
Implementation
The Python code to implement the above PageRank algorithm is straightforward .
To run it on just a single machine we can use the exact same MapReduce module I described in my earlier post ; for convenience , here ’s the code :
# map_reduce.py #
Defines a single function , map_reduce , which takes an input # dictionary i and applies the user - defined function mapper to each # ( input_key , input_value ) pair , producing a list of intermediate # keys and intermediate values .
Repeated intermediate keys then # have their values grouped into a list , and the user - defined # function reducer is applied to the intermediate key and list of # intermediate values .
The results are returned as a list .
import itertools def map_reduce ( i , mapper , reducer ) : intermediate = [ ] for ( key , value ) in i.items ( ) : intermediate.extend ( mapper ( key , value ) ) groups = {} for key , group in itertools.groupby( sorted ( intermediate ) , lambda x : x [ 0 ] ) : groups [ key ] = list ( [y for x , y in group ] ) return [ reducer ( intermediate_key , groups [ intermediate_key ] ) for intermediate_key in groups ]
With that code put in a file somewhere your Python interpreter can find it , here ’s the code implementing PageRank :
# pagerank_mr.py # # Computes PageRank , using a simple MapReduce library .
# # MapReduce is used in two separate ways : ( 1 ) to compute # the inner product between the vector of dangling pages # ( i.e. , pages with no outbound links ) and the current # estimated PageRank vector ; and ( 2 ) to actually carry # out the update of the estimated PageRank vector .
# #
For a web of one million webpages the program consumes # about one gig of RAM , and takes an hour or so to run , # on a ( slow ) laptop with 3 gig of RAM , running Vista and # Python 2.5 .
import map_reduce import numpy .random import random def paretosample ( n , power=2.0 ) : # Returns a sample from a truncated Pareto distribution # with probability mass function p( l ) proportional to # 1 / l^power .
The distribution is truncated at l = n. m = n+1 while m > n : m = numpy.random.zipf( power ) return m def initialize ( n , power ) : # Returns a Python dictionary representing a web # with n pages , and where each page k is linked to by # L_k random other pages .
The L_k are independent and # identically distributed random variables with a # shifted and truncated Pareto probability mass function # p( l ) proportional to 1 /( l+1 ) ^power .
#
The representation used is a Python dictionary with # keys 0 through n- 1 representing the different pages .
# i[j ] [ 0 ] is the estimated PageRank , initially set at 1/n , # i [j ] [ 1 ] the number of outlinks , and i[j ] [ 2 ] a list of # the outlinks .
#
This dictionary is used to supply ( key , value ) pairs to # both mapper tasks defined below .
# initialize the dictionary i = {} for j in xrange ( n ) : i[j ] = [ 1.0 / n,0 , [ ] ] #
For each page , generate inlinks according to the Pareto # distribution .
Note that this is somewhat tedious , because # the Pareto distribution governs inlinks , NOT outlinks , # which is what our representation is adapted to represent .
#
A smarter representation would give easy # access to both , while remaining memory efficient .
for k in xrange ( n ) : lk = paretosample ( n+1 , power ) - 1 values = random.sample ( xrange(n ) , lk ) for j in values : i[j ] [ 1 ] += 1 # increment the outlink count for page j i[j ] [ 2] . append ( k ) # insert the link from j to k return i def ip_mapper ( input_key , input_value ) : #
The mapper used to compute the inner product between # the vector of dangling pages and the current estimated # PageRank .
The input is a key describing a webpage , and # the corresponding data , including the estimated pagerank .
#
The mapper returns [ ( 1 , pagerank ) ] if the page is dangling , # and otherwise returns nothing . if input_value [ 1 ] == 0 : return [ ( 1 , input_value [ 0 ] ) ] else : return [ ] def ip_reducer ( input_key , input_value_list ) : # The reducer used to compute the inner product .
Simply # sums the pageranks listed in the input value list , which # are all the pageranks for dangling pages .
return sum( input_value_list ) def pr_mapper ( input_key , input_value ) : # The mapper used to update the PageRank estimate .
Takes # as input a key for a webpage , and as a value the corresponding # data , as described in the function initialize .
It returns a # list with all outlinked pages as keys , and corresponding values # just the PageRank of the origin page , divided by the total # number of outlinks from the origin page .
Also appended to # that list is a pair with key the origin page , and value 0 . #
This is done to ensure that every single page ends up with at # least one corresponding ( intermediate_key , intermediate_value ) # pair output from a mapper .
return [ ( input_key ,0.0 ) ] +[ ( outlink , input_value[0 ] /input_value [ 1 ] ) for outlink in input_value [ 2 ] ] def pr_reducer_inter ( intermediate_key , intermediate_value_list , s, ip , n ) : # This is a helper function used to define the reducer used # to update the PageRank estimate .
Note that the helper differs # from a standard reducer in having some additional inputs : # s ( the PageRank parameter ) , ip ( the value of the inner product # between the dangling pages vector and the estimated PageRank ) , # and n , the number of pages .
Other than that the code is # self - explanatory .
return ( intermediate_key , s*sum ( intermediate_value_list ) +
s*ip/n+( 1.0-s ) /n ) def pagerank ( i, s=0.85,tolerance=0.00001 ) : # Returns the PageRank vector for the web described by i , # using parameter s.
The criterion for convergence is that # we stop when M^( j+1 ) P-M^jP has length less than tolerance , # in l1 norm .
n = len ( i ) iteration = 1 change = 2 # initial estimate of error while change > tolerance : print " Iteration : " + str( iteration ) # Run the MapReduce job used to compute the inner product # between the vector of dangling pages and the estimated # PageRank .
ip_list = map_reduce.map_reduce(i, ip_mapper , ip_reducer ) # the if - else clause is needed in case there are no dangling # pages , in which case MapReduce returns ip_list as the empty # list .
Otherwise , set ip equal to the first ( and only ) # member of the list returned by MapReduce .
if ip_list == [ ] : ip = 0 else : ip = ip_list [ 0 ]
#
Dynamically define the reducer used to update the PageRank # vector , using the current values for s , ip , and n. pr_reducer = lambda x , y : pr_reducer_inter ( x , y , s , ip , n ) # Run the MapReduce job used to update the PageRank vector .
new_i = map_reduce.map_reduce(i, pr_mapper, pr_reducer ) # Compute the new estimate of error .
change = sum ( [ abs ( new_i[j ] [ 1 ] - i[ j ] [ 0 ] ) for j in xrange ( n ) ] ) print " Change in l1 norm : " + str( change ) # Update the estimate PageRank vector . for j in xrange ( n ) : i[j ] [ 0 ] = new_i[j ] [ 1 ] iteration += 1 return i n = 1000 # works up to about 1000000 pages i = initialize ( n, 2.0 ) new_i = pagerank ( i,0.85,0.0001 )
Mostly , the code is self - explanatory .
But there are three points that deserve some comment .
First , we represent the web using a Python dictionary i , with keys 0 , ... , n- 1 representing the different pages .
The corresponding values are a list , with the first element of the list i [j ] [ 0 ] being just the current probability estimate , which we called earlier p_j , the second element of the list i [j ] [ 1 ] being the number of links outbound from page j , and the third element of the list i [j ] [ 2 ] being another list , this time just a list of all the pages that page j links to .
This representation is , frankly , pretty ugly , and leaves you having to keep track of the meaning of the different indices .
I considered instead defining a Python class , say page_description , and using an instance of that class as the value , with sensible attributes like page_description.number_outlinks .
This would have made the program a bit longer , but also more readable , and would perhaps be a better choice on those grounds .
Part of the reason I do n’t do this is that the way the data is stored in this example already has other problems , problems that would n’t be helped by using a Python class .
Observe that the MapReduce job takes as input a dictionary with keys 0 , ..., n- 1 , and corresponding values describing those pages ; the output has the same key set , but the values are just the new values for Mp_j , not the entire page description .
That is , the input dictionary and the output dictionary have the same key set , but their values are of quite a different nature .
This is a problem , because we want to apply our MapReduce job iteratively , and it ’s the reason that at the end of the pagerank function we have to go through and laboriously update our current estimate for the PageRank vector .
This is not a good thing – it ’s ugly , and it means that part of the job is not automatically parallelizable .
One way of solving this problem would be to pass through the entire MapReduce job a lot of extra information about page description .
Doing that has some overhead , though , both conceptually and computationally .
What we ’ll see in later posts is that by choosing the way we represent data a bit more carefully , we can have our cake and eat it too .
I ’ll leave that for later posts , because it ’s a fairly minor point , and I do n’t want to distract from the big picture , which is the focus of this post .
Second , you ’ll notice that in the pagerank function , we dyamically define the pr_reducer function , using the pr_reducer_inter function .
As you can see from the code , the only difference between the two is that pr_reducer effectively has some of pr_reducer_inter ‘s slots filled in , most notably , the value ip for the inner product , produced by the first MapReduce job .
The reason we need to do this is because the map_reduce function we ’ve defined expects the reducer function to just have two arguments , an intermediate key , and a list of intermediate values .
There are other ways we could achieve the same effect , of course .
Most obviously , we could modify the map_reduce function so that extra parameters can be passed to the mapper and reducer .
There should n’t be too many extra parameters , of course , because those parameters will need to be communicated to all computers in the cluster , but a small set would be perfectly acceptable .
I went with the dynamic definition of pr_reducer simply because it seemed fun and elegant .
Exercises
The dynamic definition of pr_reducer is very convenient in our code .
Can you think of any problems that might arise in using such dynamic definitions on a cluster ?
Can you think of any ways you might avoid those problems , retaining the ability to use dynamically defined mappers and reducers ?
Third , and finally , the way we compute the error estimate is not obviously parallelized .
It ’s easy to see how you could parallelize it using MapReduce , but , as above , the particular data representation we ’re using makes this inconvenient .
This will also be easily fixed when we move to our new data representation , in a later post .
A MapReduce programming heuristic
We ’ve now seen two examples of using MapReduce to solve programming problems .
The first , in an earlier post , showed how to use MapReduce to count word occurrences in a collection of files .
The second is the example of this post , namely , to compute PageRank .
As a general rule , when you take a programming task , even one that ’s very familiar , it may be challenging to figure out how to implement the algorithm using MapReduce .
Not only do you need to find a way of fitting it into the MapReduce framework , you need to make sure the resulting algorithm is well adapted to take advantage of the framework .
Think of how we dealt with dangling pages in the PageRank example – we could easily have modelled a dangling page as being connected to every other page , but the overhead in MapReduce would be enormous .
We needed to take another approach to get the advantages of MapReduce .
With that said , it ’s worth stepping back and distilling out a heuristic for attacking problems using MapReduce .
The heuristic is already implicit in earlier discussion , but I ’ve found it has helped my thinking to make the heuristic really explicit .
Think back to the wordcount example .
There are some interesting patterns in that example , patterns that we ’ll see are also repeated in other examples of MapReduce :
There is a large set of questions we want to answer : for each word w in our set of documents , how many times does w appear ?
The intermediate keys are simply labels for those questions , i.e. , there is one intermediate key for each question we want answered .
Naturally enough , we use the word itself as the label .
What the map phase does is takes a piece of input data ( a file ) , and then identifies all the questions to which the input data might be relevant , i.e. , all the words whose count might be affected by that document .
For each such question it outputs the corresponding intermediate key ( the word ) , and whatever information seems relevant to that particular question ( in this case , a count ) .
What the reduce phase recieves as input for a particular intermediate key ( i.e. , question ) , is simply all the information relevant to that question , which it can process to produce the answer to the question .
The same pattern is followed in the computation of PageRank using MapReduce .
We have a large set of questions we ’d like answered : what are the values for Mp_j ?
We label those questions using j , and so the j are the intermediate keys .
What the map phase does is takes a piece of input data ( a particular page and its description ) , and identifies all other pages it is linked to , and therefore might contribute probability to , outputting the corresponding intermediate key ( the page linked to ) , and the relevant information ( in this case , the amount of probability that needs to be sent to the linked page ) .
The reducer for any given page k thus receives all information relevant to computing the updated probability distribution .
This same pattern is also followed in the little MapReduce job we described for computing the inner product .
There , it ’s just a single question that we ’re interested in : what ’s the value of the inner product between and the vector of dangling pages ?
There is thus just a single intermediate key , for which we use the placeholder 1 – we could use anything .
The mappers output all the information that ’s relevant to that question , meaning they output nothing if a page is n’t dangling , and they output p_j if it is dangling .
The reducer combines all this information to get the answer .
I should stress that this is just a heuristic for writing MapReduce programs .
There are potentially other ways of using PageRank in algorithms .
Furthermore , if you ’re having trouble in fitting your programming problem into the MapReduce approach , you ’d be advised to consider things like changing the set of questions you ’re considering , or otherwise changing the way you represent the data in the problem .
It may also be that there ’s no good way of solving your problem using MapReduce ; MapReduce is a hammer , but not every programming problem is a nail .
With these caveats in mind , the heuristic I ’ve described can be a useful way of thinking about how to approach putting familiar problems into a form where they can be tackled using MapReduce .
About this post :
This is one in a series of posts about the Google Technology Stack – PageRank , MapReduce , and so on .
The posts are summarized here , and there is FriendFeed room for the series here .
Subscribe to my blog to follow future posts in the series .
THERE is one consolation for the depressing instability of finance .
History offers a rich array of banking crises from which policymakers can draw lessons — and against which today 's rescue plans can be judged .
According to an IMF database , there have been 124 “ systemic ” banking crises since 1970 — episodes in which bad debts soared across the economy and much of the banking sector was insolvent .
Most of those were in the developing world .
But the list also includes half a dozen rich - country crashes , from Japan 's slump after its property bubble burst in the late 1980s , to the Nordic bank crises in the early 1990s .
All involved deep recessions , required massive government intervention to clean up bust banks , and led to big increases in public debt as economies shrank while government spending soared .
But the speed of recovery differed dramatically ; Japan endured a decade of economic stagnation , whereas South Korea returned to growth within two years of its 1997 banking disaster .
Received wisdom holds that policy choices determined the pace of recovery .
Sweden rebounded quickly because it acted fast : removing dud assets from banks ' balance - sheets , recapitalising weak banks and nationalising where necessary .
Japan stalled for a decade because it took years to recognise the scale of its mess .
In his first presidential news conference on February 9th , Barack Obama pointed to Japan as an example of what not to do .
Its “ lost decade ” , he argued , was the consequence of “ not act[ing ] boldly or swiftly enough ” .
There is truth to that analysis .
Japan 's central bank took too long to fight deflation ; its fiscal stimulus was cut off too quickly with an ill - judged tax increase in 1997 ; and it did not begin to clean up and recapitalise its banks until 1998 , almost a decade after the bubble had burst .
But the history of bank failures suggests that Japan 's slump was not only the result of policy errors .
Its problems were deeper - rooted than those in countries that recovered more quickly .
Today 's mess in America is as big as Japan 's — and in some ways harder to fix .
Double bubble
This crisis , like most others in rich countries , emerged from a property bubble and a credit boom .
The scale of the bubble — a doubling of house prices in five years — was about as big in America 's ten largest cities as it was in Japan 's metropolises .
But nationwide , house prices rose further in America and Britain than they did in Japan ( see first chart ) .
So did commercial - property prices .
In absolute terms , the credit boom on top of the housing bubble was unparalleled .
In America private - sector debt soared from $ 22 trillion in 2000 ( or the equivalent of 222 % of GDP ) to $ 41 trillion ( 294 % of GDP ) in 2007 ( see second chart ) .
Judged by standard measures of banking distress , such as the amount of non-performing loans , America 's troubles are probably worse than those in any developed - country crash bar Japan's .
According to the IMF , non-performing loans in Sweden reached 13 % of GDP at the peak of the crisis .
In Japan they hit 35 % of GDP .
A recent estimate by Goldman Sachs suggests that American banks held some $ 5.7 trillion - worth of loans in “ troubled ” categories , such as subprime mortgages and commercial property .
That is equivalent to almost 40 % of GDP .
As the world 's biggest debtor , America headed into this bust in a very different position from Japan , a creditor nation rich in domestic savings .
Nonetheless the macroeconomic trends in America look more like those that existed in Japan than other crisis - hit countries .
Most big banking failures , from Sweden 's to South Korea 's , were created or worsened by a currency crash .
Tumbling exchange rates raised the real burden of foreign - currency loans , forced policymakers to keep interest rates high and pushed up the fiscal costs of bank rescues .
( Because of the rupiah 's collapse , for instance , the clean up of Indonesia 's failed banks in 1998 cost more than 50 % of GDP . )
But , by boosting exports , a weaker currency also offered a route to recovery .
In Japan , by contrast , the yen stayed strong as the economy slumped , deflation set in and the banking problems grew .
In some ways America 's macroeconomic environment is even trickier than Japan's .
America may have a big current - account deficit , but the dollar has strengthened in recent months .
America 's reliance on foreign funding means the risk of a currency crash cannot be ruled out , however .
That , in turn , places constraints on the pace at which policymakers can pile up public debt .
And even if the dollar were to tumble , the global nature of the recession might mean it would yield few benefits .
That is a big change .
The most concentrated recent episode of systemic banking crises was the Asian financial crash in the late 1990s .
The regional downturn was dramatic as firms slashed investment and paid back debt .
But buoyed by strong demand in the rest of the world , particularly America , these countries ' exports soared , allowing a quick recovery .
Even Japan eventually built its economic recovery on the back of booming exports .
Today demand is falling rapidly across the globe and most big developed economies face simultaneous banking crises .
With demand weak everywhere , the familiar route to recovery is blocked .
Beyond the banks
Administratively , today 's crisis is far more complex than it was in countries where the clean - ups are presently being praised .
In Sweden 's highly concentrated banking system , one firm — Nordbanken — accounted for a quarter of all loans .
The government dealt with a big part of the problem by taking over two banks .
America 's finance industry is more diffuse .
Even after a wave of government - induced consolidation , there are at least a dozen systemically important commercial banks .
More important , Sweden 's much - praised bad banks , into which the government shovelled troubled loans , dealt with straightforward credit backed by clear collateral .
Even then the success was unusual .
According to the IMF , asset - management companies were set up in 60 % of banking crises , but were generally “ ineffective ” .
That seems more likely today when the complexities of securitisation have left “ toxic assets ” that range from pools of car loans to fiendishly complex collateralised - debt obligations , which are much harder to unravel , value and manage .
What is worse , today 's bust is not just about banking .
America faces twin financial crashes ( as , to a lesser degree , do other Anglo - Saxon countries ) : one in the regulated banking sector and a simultaneous collapse of the “ shadow banking system ” , the universe of hedge funds and investment banks responsible for much of the recent securitisation boom as well as for the sharp rise in financial leverage .
As a result , standard measures of banking distress , such as the level of non-performing loans , understate the contractionary pressure .
So far most of the credit collapse in America has come from the demise of securitisation .
In 2007 , for instance , $ 668 billion of non-traditional mortgages were securitised .
Last year that figure dropped to $ 40 billion .
Rapid deleveraging outside traditional banks also means that cleaning up banks ' balance - sheets may not break the spiral that is driving down asset prices and stalling financial markets .
As the lower chart shows , financial - sector debt was the fastest - growing component of private - sector debt in recent years .
Many of those excesses are being unwound at warp speed .
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
A final difference between today 's bust and most other big banking crises is the importance of household debt .
Historically , serious banking busts have mainly involved overborrowing by firms .
In Japan , for instance , corporate borrowing soared in the 1980s against the collateral of rising share and property prices .
Today , however , household profligacy , which underpins much of the other debt , has been the problem .
After the dotcom bust , American firms held back .
Virtually all the rise in non-financial debt since 2000 was among households , as Americans tapped into the rising equity in their homes .
Although troubled business debts , such as commercial property , are rising , households are the worst hit .
That has important implications .
Household balance - sheets are more difficult to restructure than corporate ones , which involve far fewer people .
Politically , the process raises questions of fairness .
How far , for instance , should taxpayers bail out reckless homeowners who bought mortgages they could not afford ?
On the other hand , the economic dislocation from unwinding a household - debt binge may be less disruptive than restructuring swathes of firms .
As Anil Kashyap of the University of Chicago points out , one reason Japan was so loth to acknowledge the depths of its banking problems was the knowledge that a banking clean - up would require a large - scale restructuring of Japanese firms which , in turn , would throw many people out of work .
Restructuring household debts may be political dynamite , but it would not require a wholesale remaking of corporate America .
Nonetheless , the rebuilding of American households ' balance - sheets is likely to force a reliance on government demand that is bigger and longer - lasting than many now imagine .
In the aftermath of Japan 's bubble , firms spent more than a decade paying down debt and rebuilding their balance - sheets .
This sharp rise in corporate saving was countered by a drop in the savings rate of Japanese households and , most importantly , by a huge — and persistent — increase in budget deficits .
A similar dynamic will surely play out in America 's over - indebted households .
With their assets worth less and credit tight , people will be forced to save much more than they used to .
The household saving rate has risen to 3.6 % of disposable income after being negative in 2007 .
For much of the post - war period it was around 8 % , and in the short - term it could easily exceed that .
But , whereas dis-saving by Japanese households countered the corporate balance - sheet adjustment , American firms are unlikely to invest more while consumers are in a funk .
Propping up demand may therefore require more persistent , and sustained , budget deficits than in Japan .
Add all this together and the ease with which American policymakers dismiss Japan 's experience is probably misplaced .
Japan 's outcome — a decade in which growth averaged 1 % a year and gross government debt rose by 80 percentage points of GDP — was not one to be proud of .
But given the magnitude of today 's mess , it may soon seem not that bad after all .
Or maybe the worst , you decide .
If you 'd like to get this setup running on your home computer , follow these instructions :
1 ) Buy an apple from the grocery store
2 ) Buy tape
3 ) Take a bite of said apple
4 ) Attach bitten apple to the back of your machine with tape
5 ) Enjoy OS X !
Like this post ?
Check out these others from iOnApple
The British diplomat who ran over Russian spy in bizarre Moscow car accident
A British diplomat in Moscow knocked over a pedestrian who turned out to be a senior Russian spy .
The accident threatens to reopen a simmering diplomatic row between London and Moscow which has seen British officials intimidated and institutions closed .
Andrew Sheridan , 35 , told police he was driving his official Ford Mondeo on General Dorokhov Street in western Moscow when the pedestrian walked out from behind a parked car , giving him no time to stop .
Driver : Envoy Andrew Sheridan , who knocked over a Russian spy , and his wife Ekaterina
The Russians later revealed that the man he hit , causing head injuries and a broken leg , was a colonel in the FSB , the successor to the KGB .
He was named as Alexander T , 38 , apparently to help to hide his identity .
He works for an elite academy training agents for frontline duties , including securing borders .
It is understood that Mr Sheridan was unhurt in Monday evening ’s accident , in which he was driving a car with diplomatic number plates .
Wife : Ekaterina , who also works for the British Council in Moscow
‘ He waited for the road police and gave a full explanation , insisting he could not see the pedestrian in time because he was hidden by a parked car , ’ said one account .
Details of the crash , including photos , were posted on an official news agency ’s website .
But just hours later , all trace had been removed from the site , without explanation .
Mr Sheridan is deputy director of the British Council in Moscow , which Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has called a front for ‘ a nest of spies ’ , something the Foreign Office denies .
The council , which promotes British culture and is headed by former Labour leader Lord Kinnock , has been in a bitter feud with the Kremlin , part of the worsening of relations following dissident Alexander Litvinenko ’s poisoning in London in 2006 .
Council branches in St Petersburg and Ekaterinburg have been shut over alleged tax irregularities .
Britain refused to abide by the Kremlin edict until its Russian staff were ordered to attend FSB interviews , sometimes in the middle of the night , which the Foreign Office denounced as intimidation .
Last week , an appeal court overruled a judge ’s decision to partly cancel a £ 2.3 million tax bill the Kremlin claims the British Council owes .
The car crash could set back attempts by Britain ’s new ambassador , Ann Pringle , to mend fences , allowing council offices to reopen .
In January , Lord Kinnock ’s son Stephen , then director of the council in St Petersburg , was accused of ignoring a ‘ no entry ’ sign by the armed traffic police .
He refused to be breathalysed , citing diplomatic immunity , and was given a ticket for a motoring offence .
Mr Sheridan also has diplomatic immunity and cannot be prosecuted .
His wife Ekaterina , 31 , also works for the British Council in Moscow .
She went to a Red Army military school in Cuba and Manchester University .
A Foreign Office spokeswoman said : ‘ This was an unfortunate traffic accident .
I do n’t think you need to read more into it . ’
The FSB yesterday refused to comment .
Ada Letters —
The Publication of ACM ’s SIGAda
Here you ’ll find links to past and present issues of Ada Letters .
The Publication of the ACM
Special Interest Group on Ada
( ACM SIGAda )
All SIGAda members who have an ACM web account ( which is free ) can freely access all issues of Ada Letters back to 1981 in the ACM Digital Library .
In some issues , to access SIGAda related articles such as the Chair 's Letter ( appearing in every issue ) , the Bylaws , and activities of the Working Groups , conferences , etc. , you must scan the contents of Frontmatter and / or Backmatter .
In the past , we 've provided all issues freely to everyone except for the most recent year 's issues ( those were available to SIGAda members and to Digital Library subscribers ) .
Old Issues — Articles linked from Table of Contents
Editorial Policy
Ada Letters is now published two times a year , with the exception of special issues .
The submission deadlines for all material other than articles ( which must be submitted much earlier ) are as follows :
Deadline Issue April 1 , 2017 June 2017 October 1 , 2017 December 2017 April 1 , 2018 June 2018 October 1 , 2018 December 2018 April 1 , 2019 June 2019 October 1 , 2019 December 2019 April 1 , 2020 June 2020 October 1 , 2020 December 2020
Letters , announcements and book reviews sent directly to the Managing Editor by the deadline will normally appear in the issue corresponding to that deadline .
Guidelines for Authors
Proposed articles are to be submitted to the Technical Editor , preferably via e-mail .
Any article will be considered for publication , provided that topic is of interest to the SIGAda membership .
Previously published articles are welcome , provided permission is granted by the previous publisher or copyright holder .
Although Ada Letters is not a refereed publication , acceptance is subject to the review and discretion of the Technical Editor .
In order to appear in a particular issue , articles must be submitted far enough in advance of the deadline to allow for review / edit cycles .
Backlogs may result in an article 's being delayed for two or more issues .
Contact the Managing Editor for information on the current publishing queue .
Submissions should be sent electronically in MS - Word ( preferred ) , Postscript , or Adobe PDF format .
All submissions must be formatted for US Letter paper ( 8.5 " x 11 " ) with 1 " margins with no numbers , headers or footers .
Full justification of text is preferred , with a proportional font of no less than 10 points .
Code insertions should be presented in a non-proportional font ( e.g. Courier ) .
The title should be centered , followed by author information ( also centered ) .
The author 's name , organization name and address , telephone number , and e-mail address should be given .
For previously published articles , please give an introductory statement ( in a distinctive font ) or a footnote on the first page , identifying the previous publication .
Back Issues
Back issues of Ada Letters can be ordered at the price of $ 6.00 per issue for ACM or SIGAda members ; and $ 9.00 per issue for non-ACM members .
Information on availability , contact the ACM Order Department at 1-800-342-6626 or 410-528-4261 .
Checks and credit cards only are accepted and payment must be enclosed with the order .
Specify volume and issue number as well as date of publication .
Orders must be sent to ACM Order Department , P. O. Box 12114 , Church Street Station , New York , NY 10257 or via FAX : 301528-8550 .
Key Contacts
Technical Editor Luis Miguel Pinho , Ph.D .
Polytechnic Institute of Porto
Portugal
Phone : +351-22-8340500
Email : LPINHO at ACM dot ORG Managing Editor Alok Srivastava , Ph.D .
SAIC Inc .
80 M Street , SE
Washington , DC 20003
Phone : +1 202.314.1419
Email : Alok .
Srivastava at SAIC .
Com or ASrivastava at Yahoo.Com
Last Update : 29 November 2019
Mr Gillerman , who will visit Australia later this month , said two clocks were running with respect to Iran : " There is the technological clock of Iran and there is the diplomatic clock , and I think the Iranian clock is running much faster . "
Detailed military plans to bomb Iran 's nuclear enrichment plant have long been on the table of Israeli military commanders .
Outgoing Defence Minister Ehud Barak is believed to have requested US support for a military strike last May , but the plans were aborted after then - president George Bush declined to endorse them .
Last June , Israel carried out military exercises over the Mediterranean involving more than 100 F - 16 and F - 15 fighters in what was interpreted as a rehearsal for an attack on Iran 's nuclear plants .
At the time , The New York Times reported that as well as sending a warning to Tehran , the exercise was intended as a message to the US that Israel was prepared to act militarily if diplomatic efforts to stop Iran from producing bomb - grade uranium faltered .
On Tuesday , the man likely to lead Israel 's next government , Likud leader Benjamin Netanyahu , made a reference to Iran in his victory speech .
He said : " Israel is facing an Iranian threat , from afar and from near .
The nuclear threat and the terror threat … it will be up to us to deal with this , and we will be able to deal with these two challenges successfully . "
Israel has carried out two strikes on suspected nuclear sites over the past 30 years .
In 1981 , its jets bombed Iraq 's nuclear reactor at Osirak , and in September 2007 , Israeli aircraft bombed a structure in Syria that was alleged to have housed a nuclear reactor .
Kaiser Permanente officials issued a statement confirming the couple had worked at their hospital in West Los Angeles but would not say when they had lost their jobs or provide other details .
“ We are deeply saddened to hear of the deaths of the Lupoe family , ” the statement said .
Although the police are treating the case as a murder - suicide , Deputy Chief Kenneth Garner said the police were still sorting through a discrepancy .
Contrary to his fax and reported call to the television station , the man told a 911 operator he had arrived home and found his family dead , Deputy Chief Garner said .
But investigators found a revolver next to Mr. Lupoe ’s body , the only weapon in the home , he said .
The police said they found the bodies of the three daughters next to their father in a front bedroom upstairs .
The boys were with their mother in a back bedroom on the same floor .
“ A man who recently lost his job allowed the despair to put him over the edge , ” said Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , who held a news conference outside the house .
“ Unfortunately , this has been an all - too - common story in the last few months .
But that does not and should not lead people to resort to desperate measures . ”
A man killed his ex-wife , her parents and friends at a Christmas party in West Covina last month after losing his job .
In October , a 45 - year - old father of three shot and killed his wife and children in their Porter Ranch home after describing financial stress in a suicide note .
Mayor Villaraigosa urged Los Angeles residents experiencing financial stress to talk to friends and neighbors and seek counseling “ to get back on their feet and keep their families afloat . ”
Quelques magnifiques illustrations réalisées par Adam Simpson , graphiste basé à Londres , qui exerce son talent de dessin au trait pour une large gamme de journaux , de magazines , et de livres .
Plus d’exemples dans la suite .
D’autres illustrations sur son portfolio .
Secondo una ricerca effettuata in Gran Bretagna , sulle coppie che vogliono separarsi ,
Facebook è responsabile del 33 % delle separazioni ( nel 2009 era il 20 % ) ,
mentre Twitter è responsabile dello 0,5 % delle separazioni .
Ecco cosa fanno gli utenti sui famosi “ Social Network ” :
tradiscono , cercano persone dell ’altro sesso .
In pratica , tutto fanne tranne che , lavorare !
Non è un caso che molte aziende abbiano vietato di usare Facebook ,
durante l’orario lavorativo , limitanto dal server gli accessi ai vari “ Social Network ” .
E pensare che ci sono aziende convinte ( illuse ? ) , che gli utenti sui “ Social Network ” siano interessati ai loro messaggi pubblicitari .
Svegliatevi !
Non hanno alcun interesse nei Vostri prodotti , hanno un solo unico obiettivo :
trovare qualcuno per il week - end , e tradire la persona con la quale si sta insieme .
Ed infatti , Facebook è la causa di litigi e separazioni , e sta per diventare anche la principale causa di divorzio almeno in Gran Bretagna .
La prova ?
Messaggi ‘ inappropriati ’ inviati a persone dell ’altro sesso .
Continuerete ad investire ( buttare ? ) i Vostri soldi sui “ Social Network ” ?
I 've never traveled through space at light speed , but I imagine that standing in this LED tunnel is pretty close to the dizzying experience .
The video is just plain awesome .
Advertisement
The name of the installation is Multiverse , and it was installed by artist Leo Villareal in a 200 - foot - long tunnel in the National Gallery of Art in Washingtong DC .
The entire thing features 41,000 LEDs that animate and move on their own , using randomness to ensure that no one will see the same configurations twice .
Multiverse will be on display throughout 2009 .
Advertisement
[ PSFK ]
This really is n't complicated .
The Employee Free Choice
Act gives the workers the right to select how they will form the union .
At this point , the employers have that right and it's not fair .
Lou Dobbs knows this , but needs to keep repeating republican talking points .
CNN :
DOBBS : We well , the American people voted for lots of things , but I do n't know a lot of people voted to end a secret ballot .
That 's pretty radical , even in this era of nationalization and socialization of our economy , is n't it ?
That 's just a lie Lou .
The workers can vote to keep it " secret . "
Here 's FAIR :
Dobbs ' claim that EFCA would eliminate the " secret ballot " in union authorization elections , which has been a centerpiece in a U.S. Chamber of Commerce - funded anti-union PR campaign ( see Nation , 1/26/09 ) , is completely false .
As the text of the act ( H.R. 800 , 3/2/07 ) reveals , EFCA contains no language about eliminating the " secret ballot " enshrined in the National Labor Relations Act under Section 9 e. Under EFCA , workers would still have the right to vote in a National Labor Review Board ( NLRB ) " secret ballot " election if 30 percent of the workforce signs cards , just as they do now .
EFCA would change the process of union formation by giving workers seeking to join a union an additional option of winning union representation after a majority of the workforce signs cards , through a new provision to the act ( section 9 c 6 ) .
As American Rights at Work points out , this method of union sign - up , known as " majority sign - up " or " card check , " is already recognized under current labor law , but only when the employer approves it .
EFCA would represent a change in such union drives by removing the ability of employers to withhold recognition and to insist on an NLRB election .
ACTION : Ask Lou Dobbs to stop repeating the business lobby 's false charge that EFCA would eliminate secret ballot elections .
CONTACT : Lou Dobbs Email:lou.dobbs@turner.com
CNN : 212-275-7800
The media has already adopted the konservative talking point and do n't even use the proper name when talking about this important bill .
If you want to make a republican scream , just mention the word , " Card Check . "
It drives them crazy , but they could n't tell you anything about it except the lie driven media 's " secret ballot " nonsense .
And as usual the Blue Dogs are acting like konservatives once again :
You can probably see how this merger happened .
Stumped gift buyers use GiftCards.com to buy some plastic for a ( somewhat ) loved one .
Dumbfounded recipients surf to Swapagift.com to dump that card for cash .
Why not put both services under one roof ?
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
Eye problems ?
Step 1 : Rip out your eyeball , Step 2 : Throw it away , Step 3 : profit !
- Matthew 5:29 :
" And if thy right eye offend thee , pluck it out , and cast it from thee : for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish ... "
If your hand causes you to sin , you must cut it off
- Matthew 5:30 :
And if thy right hand offend thee , cut it off , and cast it from thee : for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish , and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell .
Lust and looking at a woman is the same as adultery
- Matthew 5:28 :
But I say unto you ,
That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart .
Jesus ' prophecies should have already come true
- Matthew 24:34 , Mark 13:30 , Luke 21:32 :
" Verily I say unto you , This generation shall not pass , till all these things [ the end of the world ] be fulfilled . "
How to identify a real Christian
According to scripture , a real follower of Jesus has some cool powers , among other things , the ability to cast out devils and demons , speak in gibberish , drink poison without becoming ill and magically heal people :
- Mark 16:17 - 18 :
And these signs shall follow them that believe ;
In my name shall they cast out devils ; they shall speak with new tongues ;
They shall take up serpents ; and if they drink any deadly thing , it shall not hurt them ; they shall lay hands on the sick , and they shall recover .
Do n't worry about how to live , eat or clothe yourself
God will take care of everything .
Do n't worry about it !
- Matthew 6:25 :
Therefore I say unto you ,
Take no thought for your life , what ye shall eat , or what ye shall drink ; nor yet for your body , what ye shall put on .
Is not the life more than meat , and the body than raiment ?
Make sure to add salt to the animals you sacrificially burn
- Leviticus 2:13 :
Every grain offering of yours , moreover , you shall season with salt , so that the salt of the covenant of your God shall not be lacking from your grain offering ; with all your offerings you shall offer salt .
Interracial marriage causes plagues and disease ; murdering an interracial couple will please god
- Numbers 25:6-13 :
And , behold , one of the children of Israel came and brought unto his brethren a Midianitish woman in the sight of Moses , and in the sight of all the congregation of the children of Israel , who were weeping before the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
While God is talking to Moses about hanging up the dead bodies , one of the Israelite men brings home a foreign woman .
When " Phinehas ( Aaron 's grandson ) sees the happy couple he throws a spear " through the man .. and the woman through her belly . "
This act pleases
God so much that " the plague was stayed from the children of Israel . "
But not before 24,000 ( 1 Cor.10:8 says 23,000 ) had died .
How many did God kill for " committing whoredom with the daughters of Moab " ?
And when Phinehas , the son of Eleazar , the son of Aaron the priest , saw it , he rose up from among the congregation , and took a javelin in his hand ;
And he went after the man of Israel into the tent , and thrust both of them through , the man of Israel , and the woman through her belly .
So the plague was stayed from the children of Israel .
And those that died in the plague were twenty and four thousand .
And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , ( 25:10 - 13 ) " Phinehas ... hath turned my wrath away from the children of Israel . "
For impaling the interracial couple , God rewards Phinehas and his sons with the everlasting priesthood .
Phinehas , the son of Eleazar , the son of Aaron the priest , hath turned my wrath away from the children of Israel , while he was zealous for my sake among them , that I consumed not the children of Israel in my jealousy .
Wherefore say , Behold , I give unto him my covenant of peace :
And he shall have it , and his seed after him , even the covenant of an everlasting priesthood
See Also
Queridos amigos , queridos camaradas ,
Hoy celebramos el Día internacional del Libre Pensamiento .
Les recuerdo que esta iniciativa fue tomada en el segundo congreso internacional de la Asociación Internacional para el Libre Pensamiento , en Mar del Plata , Argentina , en noviembre de 2011 .
Desde entonces , no hemos fallado .
El 20 de septiembre se coloca bajo las figuras tutelares de Simón Bolívar y Giuseppe Garibaldi , liberadores de América Latina .
Garibaldi fue apodado “ el héroe de los dos mundos ” debido a su acción en América Latina y en Italia .
El 20 de septiembre de 1870 , Roma fue anexada a Italia .
Las tropas italianas entraron en la ciudad papal por la puerta Pia .
Era el fin de los estados pontificios , y la abolición del poder temporal del Papa ahora confinado en el ámbito privado del Vaticano .
No hará falta nada menos que el fascismo mussoliniano para intentar hacer de esta propiedad de la Iglesia un pseudo - estado .
Sabemos que , al contrario de lo que se nos dice aquí y allá , no es así , y que los argumentos para presentar a Bergoglio como Jefe de Estado no son más que tonterías .
Sí , los papas han perdido su poder llamado temporal , es de desear que las Iglesias pierdan el suyo por todo el planeta .
Los librepensadores , humanistas y ateos del mundo entero trabajan en ello , tal es el sentido de nuestra celebración de hoy .
Pero , sin embargo , el poder espiritual conserva todavía una huella no desdeñable en las instituciones internacionales por el reconocimiento de la Santa Sede , como observador , pero más aún , en la OIT y en la Unesco , donde los sacerdotes son oficialmente responsables .
Queridos amigos , queridos camaradas :
El 20 de septiembre de 1870 , en Italia , el Temporal relegaba por un tiempo al Religioso a la esfera privada .
Hoy , en Francia , hay que constatar que estamos lejos del respeto de esta separación entre las Iglesias y el Estado .
Todos recordamos el discurso de Emmanuel Macron en el Collège des Bernardins , donde llamaba a « reparar el vínculo entre la Iglesia y el Estado » .
Se ha escuchado visiblemente , ya que constatamos que desde las recientes elecciones municipales , algunos municipios han creado , de todas partes , cargos de adjuntos a los cultos o a la espiritualidad .
Observamos también que el nuevo Ministro del Interior no cesa de presentarse como Ministro de Culto , a pesar de que esta función fue abolida por la Ley de 9 de diciembre de 1905 de Separación de las Iglesias y del Estado .
La nostalgia de la República ya no es lo que era .
Cada uno es libre de asociarse con quien quiera para promover sus ideas .
Es lo que se llama la libertad de asociación que fue instituida por la gran ley de 1901 .
Hoy se oye decir a este gobierno que habría que compartir su concepción « de la República y de la laicidad » para percibir subvenciones públicas .
Es el reino del dinero - rey en todos los niveles .
Hubo una época en la que los partidarios del Concordato , que hacía de las religiones servicios públicos y de los religiosos funcionarios , decían claramente : « Quien paga manda » .
Era el tiempo de la servidumbre intelectual .
La conciencia estaba entonces bajo el almud del sepulcro .
Si hay que compartir los mismos « valores » que este gobierno para percibir subvenciones públicas , ¿dónde está la democracia , dónde está la libertad , dónde está la igualdad ?
Quieren imponer el yugo del pensamiento único en el que todos deben tener los mismos « valores » , las mismas ideas y las asociaciones deben decir lo mismo .
Y si eso no se hace , los Kapos televisivos nos llaman al orden , esperando que la represión se intensifique aún más .
Bajo el pretexto de la sanidad , las fuerzas de la ley están en todas partes , todo el tiempo .
Incluso se ha visto a policías entrar en escuelas para comprobar que los niños llevaban « correctamente » la máscara .
Incluso bajo
Vichy , la Escuela siguió siendo un cuasi - santuario , excepto donde se decía « Adiós a los niños » ( 1 ) .
Se ha visto a los trabajadores maltratados por las fuerzas de represión por la misma razón .
Y mientras tanto , el Gobierno se esfuerza por reprimir , prohibir , encuadrar , organizar manifestaciones y reuniones de aquellos que se atreven a desafiar su orden y su política .
No se puede aumentar la suma de las libertades de que se disfruta si no se sabe defender las que ya se poseen .
Ahora bien , nuestras libertades están gravemente amenazadas , como lo estableció el reciente Congreso del Libre Pensamiento .
Les invito a leer atentamente nuestro nuevo número de Argumentos sobre las libertades , disponible gratuitamente en nuestro sitio web .
Es esclarecedor para ver dónde hemos llegado en la deriva totalitaria .
Queridos amigos , queridos camaradas :
En todos los países del mundo se han visto las mismas escenas de superstición religiosa en las que era a quien blandía su gri-gri totémico para conjurar la COVID 19 .
Y , al mismo tiempo , las religiones y los religiosos se apartaban de las normas sanitarias que los gobiernos imponían a la población en su conjunto .
Por ello , la Asociación Internacional del Libre Pensamiento tiene previsto redactar un Libro Negro Mundial de la Pandemia para examinar en detalle las colusiones entre religiones y Estados en este asunto y poner de relieve la represión de unos y los privilegios de otros .
Ningún continente se ha librado de esta ola oscurantista .
Queremos crear una enorme comisión de investigación en todos los países y continentes .
Vamos a empezar en Europa para mostrar la nocividad de los 14 Concordatos , cuya derogación exigimos pura y simple .
Vamos a proponer a todas las asociaciones con las que mantenemos relaciones amistosas y acciones que se reúnan en el marco de la campaña europea contra los concordatos para establecer esta constatación en una conferencia europea .
También nos dirigiremos a nuestras asociaciones hermanas en los Estados Unidos para que nos informen de lo que ha ocurrido y de lo que sigue sucediendo en este continente .
Nuestro Congreso Mundial sobre Educación no pudo celebrarse en septiembre de 2020 como estaba previsto .
Se espera que el próximo año se celebre sobre el mismo tema y también en España .
Queremos devolver al ser humano al corazón de su destino .
Pensamos como Jacques Prévert :
El pavo real rueda
El azar hace el resto .
Dios se sienta en ella
Y el hombre lo empuja »
Queridos amigos , queridos camaradas :
En este lugar , recordemos también nuestra lucha por la plena rehabilitación de los Fusillés como ejemplo de la guerra imperialista de 1914 - 1918 .
Esta es una de las mayores batallas de nuestra asociación , una lucha contra la espada con un pasador .
Un combate para que el soldado siga siendo un ciudadano y no un sujeto atado por la obediencia en una institución de no-ley , la « Gran muda » , el ejército todopoderoso frente al individuo incorporado .
Estamos a punto de presentar a la Asamblea Nacional una propuesta de ley para la rehabilitación colectiva de los fusilados , por lo menos por tres grupos parlamentarios .
En las próximas semanas habrá que movilizarse para pedir a todos los diputados de todas las circunscripciones que voten esta propuesta .
Repitamos lo que le dijimos a Chauny en el Aisne ( dept ) , el 20 de abril de 2019 , inaugurando el Monumento en homenaje a los Fusilados : “ Trazaremos el cuadro exacto de los que tomarán posición o no .
Y sabremos recordar a todos en las próximas elecciones .
Puesto que el Ejecutivo se ha deshonrado públicamente , nos dirigimos al Legislativo que se supone que representa la voluntad del pueblo .
Entonces veremos lo que es realmente .
Hay palabras y hay hechos .
No cederemos en esta exigencia , porque lo que queremos al obtener la rehabilitación colectiva es el reconocimiento del derecho a decir NO a la muerte , NO a la guerra , NO a la barbarie militarista .
Al hacer justicia a los muertos del pasado , queremos salvar a los vivos de hoy y de mañana . ”
Alrededor del 11 de noviembre de 2020 , organizaremos como de costumbre más de un centenar de reuniones pacifistas delante de monumentos por la Paz y contra la guerra o en lugares simbólicos .
Este año abriremos nuestras reuniones a todos aquellos que actúan con nosotros contra el reclutamiento generalizado de la juventud a través del Servicio Nacional Universal y les daremos la palabra .
Por supuesto , no se puede concluir esta alocución sin evocar el objeto de todos nuestros esfuerzos , desde hace más de dos años , en el suelo de nuestro país : una manifestación nacional la defensa de la ley de 1905 con motivo del intento gubernamental de revisarla seriamente .
En nuestro Congreso Nacional Virtual hemos podido medir el compromiso de numerosas federaciones departamentales por su éxito .
Hemos recibido el anuncio de apoyos de peso en el mundo asociativo , filosófico , sindical y político .
Es el movimiento laico histórico que se reconstituye .
Es el Juramento de Vincennes que vuelve a la memoria de todos .
Y sí , camaradas , los ritmos de la historia son a veces muy lentos , y como la actividad de los volcanes experimentan largas fases de silencio .
Pero el sentimiento secular está siempre presente , y hemos trabajado pacientemente para despertarlo .
Vamos a mantener este lugar indispensable de conciencia del movimiento laico .
Camaradas , sin exclusiones , sin tratos ocultos , respetando la personalidad de cada uno , traduzcamos este movimiento que se construye en cada una de nuestras Federaciones .
¡ Ni Dios ni Señor !
¡ Abajo la Calota !
¡ Viva la Social !
(1) Alusión a la película “ Au revoir les enfants ! ” que evoca la deportación de escolares judíos
[ traducción automática por Reverso ]
Business predicts sharp fall in migrant labour as wildcat strikes continue over ' British jobs ' controversy
A top businessman has waded into the ' British jobs for British workers ' controversy by predicting a ' sharp ' fall in the use of migrant labour .
John Cridland , deputy director - general of the Confederation of British Industry ( CBI ) , said employers would no longer be able to ' make the same case ' that large numbers of non-EU migrants should be allowed in on work permits .
A record 151,000 were handed out last year .
He also predicted the Government 's migration advisory committee would slash the number of jobs eligible for work permits to help British workers through the recession .
A snowman shows his support for the protest against the use of foreign labour on British job sites in Evington , Leicestershire
Mr Cridland made the remarks to MPs yesterday as marathon talks resulted in an offer to give half the jobs on the disputed contract at Lindsey oil refinery , in Lincolnshire , to local workers .
The deal will be put to unions today in a bid to end the five - day walk - out over the use of foreigners on the construction of a new £ 200 million plant .
Yesterday many other workers who had organised sympathy strikes at other sites returned to work , in a sign the dispute may have peaked .
Mr Cridland , giving evidence to Westminster 's home affairs committee , said workers from Poland and other Eastern European countries were already going home because there are fewer jobs in Britain .
He added : ' We know that employers face a sharp contraction in demand .
Their first response to that has been to reduce their dependency on agency labour where there may be a lot of migrant workers in order to protect the full workforce .
' I expect that , when we next have a report on the migration committee on the needs for skilled labour , they will not see the same need for non-EU labour in the same numbers because of the need to provide as many employment opportunities as possible for the unemployed .
Some of the 500 contractors at the South Hook LNG terminal in Milford Haven , west Wales , who are protesting against British workers losing out to their foreign counterparts
' The market will correct itself but what we cannot avoid is a significant increase in unemployment which is a sad but inevitable consequence of recessions . '
Mr Cridland defended the free movement of workers between EU countries and said there was ' no evidence ' of discrimination against British workers at the Lindsey Oil Refinery .
But it came amid a backlash from Labour MPs against the hard stance adopted by Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson , who have described the strikes as ' indefensible ' , ' protectionism ' and fuelled by ' the politics of xenophobia ' .
Former leadership contender Jon Cruddas said : ' I am worried about the assumption that it is protectionist to get a level playing field in terms of the bidding process for contracts .
' I am also worried about the message being sent out that it is xenophobic to protest in this instance - both are very very dangerous responses . '
Police officers guarding the Lindsey oil refinery in North Lincolnshire wrap up against blizzard conditions
Backbenchers Austin Mitchell and Michael Meacher also waded into the row , criticising the Government 's position as ' ridiculous ' and ' misguided ' .
Ahead of expected talks with the GMB union next week , backbencher John Mann has tabled a Commons motion registering concern that skilled Britons may be missing out on jobs .
He said that it was ' total rubbish ' to suggest the strike was a slide towards protectionism , adding : ' The posted workers directive is being broken and there needs to be action to enforce it . '
Under the 1996 EU Posted Workers Directive , foreign contractors are free to employ their own direct labour force from their own countries .
They need only be paid the statutory minimum wage but MPs are doubtful that this is occurring .
Protestors gather at the Lindsey oil refinery in North Lincolnshire
Total , the oil giant which owns Lindsey near Grimsby , said it was holding crisis talks with union officials in an urgent bid to end the dispute .
A statement said : ' [ We ] hope our commitment to this process will help to allay the contractors ' concerns in order that they will return to work as soon as possible . '
Total continued to insist the foreign workers , who are mostly Italian or Portuguese , are paid the ' same , or similar ' as British workers .
Anger : Several hundred people demonstrated for the fifth day at the Lindsey oil refinery
Meanwhile , research by KPMG highlighted the difficulties faced by anybody who is trying to find a job at the current time .
The few who get a job may be forced to accept a big pay cut following a record - breaking drop in starting salaries , according to the accountant .
Other problems include an ever - growing pool of candidates competing for each job and companies cutting back on hiring temporary staff .
Mike Stevens , a partner and head of business services at KPMG , described the findings as ' desperate ' .
Scottsdale Family Lawyers
Dedicated Divorce , Child Custody , Child Support , & Father ’s Rights Law Firm
Struggling with family law issues is emotionally , physically , and mentally exhausting .
The Mesa family law attorneys at Dodge & Vega , PLC are here to support you during these most challenging times with advice , support , and dedicated legal representation .
As a complete Scottsdale family law firm , our experienced divorce attorneys are there for you through every aspect of your case , including legal support for divorce , child custody , child support , father ’s rights , and more .
As skilled Scottsdale , AZ family lawyers , we understand that this was n’t what you wanted or expected your life to be .
No one ever wants to have to worry about whether or not they will be able to maintain a relationship with their children , or if they will be able to support themselves after a divorce .
Dodge & Vega , PLC helps you navigate the family law landscape , working with you through the unique obstacles and legal challenges you may face .
We provide the tools you need to create a workable plan for what your life and future will be like going forward .
When you are facing tough times and have lots of questions , the experienced family law attorneys of Dodge & Vega , PLC provide answers and insight to help you actively move forward in pursuit of your best possible life .
Call the Scottsdale Family Law Firm of Dodge & Vega , PLC at ( 480 ) 559-8252 for your Free Consultation !
Experienced AZ Family Law Firm
With over 35 years of dedicated legal expertise under our belts , it is clear to see why Dodge & Vega , PLC is the right partner for your Scottsdale family law case .
As comprehensive family law attorneys , we are able to manage and support you during every aspect of your Scottsdale family law issues , from financial discovery to negotiation , as well as modification and enforcement of existing orders .
Our Scottsdale divorce lawyers and family law attorneys work hard to deliver high - quality legal support at affordable rates .
Our dedicated family lawyers provide assistance with all types of family law matters , including :
Divorce Attorneys : Every divorce is unique , with their own set of challenges and obstacles to overcome .
Our family law attorneys fight for your rights every step of the way , from property division to child custody , spousal support , and more .
Legal Separation :
For those who do n’t want a divorce but no longer wish to live as husband and wife , legal separation is an option .
This is typically reserved for those wishing to maintain either financial , medical , or other benefits associated with the marriage , or those who do not wish to divorce for religious reasons .
Child support , custody , and division of assets will still need to be addressed as with a full divorce .
Contested Divorce :
If both parties are unable to agree on any aspect of the divorce , it is considered a contested divorce .
You will present your case to the courts , and they will make a judgment regarding the issues you are unable to agree upon , whether that be asset division , custody , or support .
It is vital you have quality representation to best protect your interests during contested divorce proceedings .
Uncontested Divorce :
One of the least expensive and fastest methods of divorce , uncontested divorce occurs when both spouses are able to agree upon all issues surrounding their split .
We are talented negotiators that know how to best support you during this process so you get the best possible results .
Property & Asset Division :
When dealing with divorce , one of the most complex components is the division of assets and property .
There may be shared property , individual property , business assets , assets protected by partnerships or pre/ postnuptial agreements .
We assist you in protecting your most important assets , and help you understand how other assets can be used as a bargaining chip .
Prenuptial Agreements : Looking to effectively protect your hard - earned assets from potential future divorce ?
We not only create effective official agreements that protect your interests , we also understand how to tactfully approach the topic to best protect feelings as well .
Every divorce is unique , with their own set of challenges and obstacles to overcome .
Our family law attorneys fight for your rights every step of the way , from property division to child custody , spousal support , and more .
Child Custody Lawyers :
If your divorce involves children , this is probably the most highly contested and important aspect of your case .
It is important to reach a balance that allows you ample time to build a relationship with your children , while still providing them the opportunity to build a loving relationship with the other parent as well , if in the best interests of the child .
Our Scottsdale , AZ child custody attorneys are here for you .
Custody Enforcement :
If you have an existing custody agreement in place that is not being upheld , we can support you in enforcing your current custody arrangements so you get the access to your children that you deserve .
Custody Modification :
Has your work schedule been modified or do you have other issues that make it challenging for you to meet your current custody arrangements ?
We can assist with child custody modification , working with the other parent and the courts to put a new plan in place that meets your changing lifestyle and needs .
If your divorce involves children , this is probably the most highly contested and important aspect of your case .
It is important to reach a balance that allows you ample time to build a relationship with your children , while still providing them the opportunity to build a loving relationship with the other parent as well , if in the best interests of the child .
Our Scottsdale , AZ child custody attorneys are here for you .
Child Support Attorneys : Depending on your situation , you may be seeking or contesting a child support claim .
We understand how child support is determined and how your financial well - being plays a role in your support responsibility .
We can build a compelling case for you .
Spousal Support :
If you your quality of life will be greatly impacted by a divorce , leaving you without sufficient means to care for yourself , you may be eligible to receive spousal support or alimony .
If you are the primary breadwinner in your family , you may find yourself in a position where you will be responsible for paying spousal support .
We can help you understand where you fit in the puzzle , and what you can expect throughout the entire divorce process .
Depending on your situation , you may be seeking or contesting a child support claim .
We understand how child support is determined and how your financial well - being plays a role in your support responsibility .
We can build a compelling case for you .
Father ’s Rights Lawyers :
Are you an unmarried father who wants to take responsibility for their child and enjoy the rights of access to your children ?
We help you understand the process , and support you throughout for the best possible results .
Every family is unique , and every family law case is unique .
At Dodge & Vega , PLC , we give you the individualized attention that you need and deserve .
When dealing with matters so close to the heart , it is important to have a compassionate , experienced family law guide supporting you every step of the way .
If you have family law needs beyond what we have listed , such as seeking estate planning support , domestic violence assistance , or are considering adoption , we can help .
Our dedicated Scottsdale family law lawyers listen to you , understand your needs and goals , and work with you to create a solid plan for getting the best possible results for both your family law case and your future .
REQUEST A CONSULTATION
Affordable Expert Legal Support
As an established Scottsdale divorce and family law firm , Dodge & Vega , PLC believes that everyone has the right to pursue their best possible life , regardless of their financial situation and legal issue .
Every individual has the right to quality , effective representation .
With structured , transparent fee schedules , payment plans , and limited scope agreements , we can find a way to support you that works within your budget .
One of our more affordable options are our unique coaching services , where we will provide you unlimited access to our attorneys as guides during self - representation for your case .
Whether you are seeking an affordable alternative or traditional family law representation , Dodge & Vega , PLC is dedicated to providing the highest level of legal support at a reasonable rate .
If you are facing a less traditional situation , like military divorce , high - income divorce , contested divorce , high net worth divorce , business owner divorce , or high profile divorce , our family attorneys provide the dedication and discretion your situation demands .
The Mesa Family Law Offices of Dodge & Vega , PLC are driven to deliver the best possible results for every case we are trusted to handle , regardless of your needs and budget .
REQUEST A CONSULTATION
Let ’s Talk - Compassionate Legal Advice
If you are looking for a compassionate Scottsdale family law attorney to support you during your divorce , child custody , or child support needs , Dodge & Vega , PLC is the right choice for you .
We are dedicated to helping you understand the family law legal process so you are more confident in building the right life for you .
Do n’t let the fear of the unknown keep you from making the right choices for your life .
Get the answers you need from the affordable family law firm of Dodge & Vega , PLC !
Call Dodge & Vega , PLC today at ( 480 ) 559-8252 or complete the form above for your Free Consultation !
FORT MYERS , Florida ( CNN ) --
With eyes tearing , some stare off into space .
Others sit quietly with an expressionless pain as they wait for the inevitable .
Casey McNeer could n't even speak her name when the judge called her case .
When you are called before this court , it 's the end of the line .
You are about to lose your home .
This is foreclosure court in Fort Myers , Florida .
At this point in the legal process , all that 's needed is a judge 's signature .
CNN was in court Friday to witness the process , which takes seconds .
It 's called the " rocket docket . "
On some days the court hears up to 1,000 cases .
" It is a legal , procedural response to an overwhelming number of filings that unfortunately is necessary , " Judge Hugh Starnes told CNN .
Watch ' rocket docket ' at work »
The national rate of foreclosure jumped by 79 percent between December 2006 and December 2007 , according to RealtyTrac , a company that compiles data on home foreclosures .
Foreclosures continued to climb in January , though at a slower pace than the month before .
The number of filings was still 18 percent higher than it was in January 2008 .
Lee County , Florida , is one of the hardest - hit areas in the country and presents a microcosm of the national housing dilemma .
With home prices down about 50 percent from their peak and unemployment now at 10 percent , the area is littered with " For Sale " and " Auction " signs .
Many homes are overtaken by unkempt landscaping .
Others are abandoned .
Lockboxes are on doors everywhere .
See map of foreclosures by state »
The courtroom is a collection of economic horror stories .
Casey McNeer could n't even speak her name when the judge called her case .
Her face red from crying , she wiped away tears as she told the judge her story .
" My husband passed away and the debt just kept getting higher and higher , " she said .
" [ My bank ] told me my best option was to refinance , but they would n't do it , " she said .
Starnes asked , " So you acknowledge you 're behind in the payments ? "
" Yes , " she replied .
" You 're not in the home and it needs to go into foreclosure ? " the judge asked .
" Yes , " McNeer said .
That was all the judge needed to hand down his order .
" It 's my job , an unhappy one , but it 's my job to enter the final judgment of foreclosure , " Starnes explained to her .
Watch thousands line up for assistance at a housing office »
" I understand , " she said .
She now has 60 days to vacate her home .
It 's a short process .
Currently , there are about 30,000 homes ready to be foreclosed upon in Lee County .
Starnes is a retired judge who was asked to return to the bench to help move the cases faster .
Sixty percent of the cases handled here involve homeowners who were speculators and out - of - towners .
They do n't bother showing up for the court hearing , so the process is quick , and many are handled in seconds .
" This is about the most efficient way to do it , " said Robert Hill , a plaintiff 's attorney hired by a consortium of banks to handle foreclosures .
But there is a reality to this process , and even some silver lining , he noted .
" If you talk to the plaintiff 's attorneys , they would say , ' Well look , some of the people are complaining , but actually they 've been able to continue living in the house , without paying a mortgage , for a year , ' " Starnes told CNN .
" So the legal procedure may seem cold and impersonal , but it took long enough to carry it out .... that some of the people benefited , " he said .
Friday 's news was n't bad for everyone .
Patricia Valverde , a mortgage broker who had been laid off , thought she was about to lose her home to foreclosure .
Valverde had an adjustable - rate mortgage on a house she paid $ 300,000 for .
She watched her monthly payment jump from $ 1,700 to $ 2,250 , while her property value fell to about $ 80,000 .
She was so upside - down on the house that no one would refinance her , she said .
On the heels of the newly announced mortgage stimulus plan announced by President Obama , her bank temporarily halted all foreclosures .
She now has time to try and work out a deal .
See overview of mortgage plan »
" I 'm so happy with his ideas and everything .
I think everything is going to change with him , " she said of Obama .
The president 's Homeowner Affordability and Stability Plan will provide $ 75 billion to help millions of homeowners who are making a " good - faith effort " to keep up with their mortgage payments .
But not everyone was impressed by the Obama plan .
Dave Cabiness lost his home of 15 years .
He stopped making his house payment in October 2007 .
He has a mortgage of $ 235,000 , while his home is worth only $ 160,000 .
" My business decision is to take my lumps and start over , " he told CNN .
He said he has no confidence that the market will improve any time soon .
" We have five years of inventory of foreclosed homes here .
The values are still going to continue to go down , " he said .
And on the Obama plan , Cabiness said , " We 're printing money .
We 're not even borrowing it .
" So our dollar is n't even gonna be worth 10 cents . "
The " rocket docket " is particularly hard for Starnes .
He told CNN that he previously spent years on the bench in a family court , where he was able to work on solutions .
" You just have so much sympathy for the people going through it , " he said .
" There 's not much opportunity for problem - solving at this point . "
I 've always enjoyed Thought for the Day ( TFTD ) , that two - minute spot in the middle of Radio 4 's Today programme , which seems to be a brief respite from the hard news , and a chance for someone to give moral or ethical reflections on current events .
The trouble is that only religious speakers are invited .
Rabbis , priests , imams , chaplains , and monks are there , but never humanists , agnostics , or atheists .
Why not ?
Would n't it be better if they were ?
Morality is not the sole prerogative of the religious – there are even reasons to think that the irreligious are more moral .
So why should n't we be invited to speak on TFTD ?
This week Today will , according to Gavin Orland , get about 1,500 letters of complaint .
He has set up a scheme in which people have pledged to write to the BBC and demand that TFTD either be abolished or opened up to non-believers .
I signed his pledge because I think the faithless have lots to contribute , but the issues are not as simple as some have suggested .
I have contributed to the equivalent spots on local radio – to TFTD on Radio Bristol and , now that I have moved , to Pause for Thought on Radio Devon .
The two were very different .
Radio Bristol recorded live and the editor demanded that it be topical – not just vaguely topical but right up to the minute .
The brief said , " Try to use the news agenda of the day as your theme " .
This meant preparing the night before , and ringing him for approval , which often he did not give , and then rewriting it ready to cycle off in the early morning to the studio .
His objections were confusing ; " No bad - mouthing religions " sounds fine , until you discover that you cannot say something like " we do n't need God to make us act morally " or " psychology explains why we can be moral creatures without being religious " .
OK , I managed to rewrite my pieces avoiding such things , but it was tricky .
And it seemed so unfair , when the vicars and rabbis could go on about God 's will , heaven and hell , and what Christ wants for his people .
Needless to say , this editor was a Christian .
When doing my last Bristol TFTD , I learned from the studio manager that others had found it difficult too , and Radio Bristol now had only one other atheist left to call on , happily the bright and articulate Julian Baggini .
Devon is , so far , quite different .
The editor is very relaxed , the show is pre-recorded and the brief is to say something relevant , but not necessarily based on today 's news .
I have only done six so far , but am hopeful that this will work out better .
These troubles raise the basic question of what TFTD is for .
At Bristol we once had a day - long meeting with the contributors and editor to discuss TFTD .
And did we argue !
The written brief says " religions have some deep and challenging things to say about the way we live our lives " and " express these eternal truths in the modern vernacular " .
It goes on … do n't be " homespun or folksy " , " Do n't be safe or trite .
It is called ' Thought for the Day ' for a reason " – but I am not sure that any of us was ever clear what that reason is .
And here is the challenge for Radio 4 .
Yes , please do keep TFTD .
I do n't want to see it axed .
Yes , please do invite we atheists , humanists and brights to contribute , but first let 's work out just what TFTD is for .
If it 's to bring a moral bearing to current events , then let the atheists talk about evolved altruism , how to live well without believing in God or fearing eternal retribution , and how to make decisions about abortion , death , suicide , love or pain without religious guidance .
If it is to be inspiring , then let unbelievers use the eternal questions of philosophy without any assumed eternal answers .
When I hear the words " Thought for the day " I imagine someone giving me a thought to take me through the troubles of a typical day ; a thought that will help me see myself , or others , or the world around me more constructively or more truly .
Others may have other ideas , but I hope the editors at Today will take this challenge seriously , work out what TFTD is for , and then decide whether we non-believers have something worthwhile to contribute .
I think they 'll find we have .
SBCL is now available in the packages and ports system for amd64 , i386 and powerpc .
The first releases for which official SBCL packages are available is 1.0.15 for i386 4.5 , 1.0.31 for amd64 4.7 , and powerpc will presumably be in 5.0 .
Binary tarballs for some versions of OpenBSD are also available from sbcl.org .
These are plain tarballs , not OpenBSD packages .
For those still running earlier OpenBSD releases , or wishing to use newer versions , I host some binary packages here .
The chart below indicates which versions are available .
Boxes color - coded green are hosted here , yellow is only available via official packages .
amd64 i386 powerpc 3.9 1.0.15 4.0 1.0.15 4.1 1.0.15 4.2 1.0.15 4.3 1.0.15 4.4 1.0.31 1.0.31 4.5 1.0.31 1.0.31 4.6 1.0.31 1.0.31 4.7 1.0.31
( ports ) 1.0.31
( ports ) 4.8 1.0.31
( ports ) 1.0.31
( ports ) 1.0.41 4.9 1.0.48 1.0.48 1.0.48
SBCL packages hosted here are located in the pkg subdirectory and may be downloaded by hand or installed directly by pkg_add like so :
env PKG_PATH=http://www.elsasser.org/openbsd/pkg/`uname - r`/`machine - a`/ pkg_add - i sbcl
Note that the SBCL port currently lacks thread support .
This means that it cannot be used to run software which requires threads , such as Hunchentoot .
It appears unlikely that SBCL will ever run using the existing libpthread , threading support will have to wait until rthreads are usable .
It may be possible to run Common Lisp software which requires threads using the lang / ecl port .
I can be reached by email at joshua @ this domain .
If a System Looks to Good To Be True , Then It Is !
So , I have been on a good many trading message boards , and on these boards , I always run across some douchebag ( for lack of a better term to use ) who proclaims to have the holy grail of a system and that everyone should use it , blah blah blah .
And usually when this happens , I either ask for backtested results , or for them to show the people in the board the system .
Then of course , if I see the following , the red flags come up :
If I see an outrageously complicated beast of a system
Backtested results that look to good to be true
Stochastics
I have yet to have a MAJORLY complicated system work well in the long run .
EVERY overly complicated system that I have tested has fallen flat on it ’s face at best , or blown up the person ’s account at worst ( overly complicated meaning greater than 7 indicators or indicators of indicators of indicators ) .
You ’d think that the more indicators that you add , the better the system should do , but I guess because of all the conflicting signals that one can get with said system , that is not the case .
Now , there are complicated systems that do work , but this leads us to …
Backtesting results .
Now , if the person has backtested results that look to good to be true , I usually suspect a phenomenon known as curve fitting .
Curve fitting is the accidental over - optimization of a system for a small sample of data .
For example , let ’s say that I test a system on the Standard and Poor ’s Index SDPR fund ( Ticker : SPY ) only from the dates of Aug 2003 to Aug 2008 .
During this period , I notice that from January 2004 to November 2006 , I had a huge drawdown because of a massive amount of volitilaty during this period .
So , to compensate for this , I add a lot of volitilaty filters and that drawdown disappears and my results look AWESOME !
So then , I put the system online , and commence to lose my ass !
Why ’d this happen ?
Well , I compensated for the drawdown for one period in the past , however I did not increase my sample size ( add a few more years like at least 10 or so , or change dates to further time in the past ) therefore , I nver did test how robust my system truly was .
So , because of my faulty backtest , I was lulled into a false sense of security and did not realize that my system would work very , very , very well …
If it were Aug 2003 to Aug 2008 😉
Finally , if the system contains Stochastics , MACD , multiple EMAs and SMAs , and the system gives off great results , shenanigans are being thrown .
The reason being is due to another phenomenom called “ Trader Effects . ”
I will go over “ Trader Effects ” in more detail in another post , but in a nut shell , trader effects are caused by a system , or set of indicators , being extremely well known to the point where EVERYBODY ( and brokerage houses ) begin to use to them .
Because of this , very smart and scrupolous traders / Hedge funds will either front run orders , OR WORSE YET , purposely take a massive position on the other side of your trade whipsawing you out and giving them profit .
Furthermore , and this tip may hopefully save you THOUSANDS , unless you have read this too late , the MAJORITY of trading systems and trading classes sold teach these techniques .
Not to say that Stochastics , MACD , and co will not work , but because everyone and their mother learns how to use these indicators , how can you find major edge from them ?
If you read too many of those books found in the business - hagiography section at the airport bookstore -- you know , the kind that tell you the story of Amazon or Dell or Google or Starbucks , and how it zigged where everyone else was zagging , and how this led to magnificent riches -- you 'll start to notice a pattern .
Virtually all the companies you see profiled are huge successes , with the minor exception of a few spectacularly huge failures that are so spectacular and so huge that they 're just doggone fun to read about .
Enron and whatnot .
The problem is that trying to copy one company 's model is a fool 's errand .
It 's hard to figure out which part of the Starbucks formula made the business a smash hit while so many of its rivals failed .
Starbucks 's success is the product of a combination of factors that came together in precisely the right way at precisely the right time .
It 's nearly impossible to isolate which one was the most important .
You would probably have to look at the hundreds of small coffee chains that did n't make it big before you stood a chance of seeing what really distinguished Starbucks .
In investing , the phenomenon of looking too closely at success and not at all at failure is known as survivorship bias .
For example , if you read somewhere that " the average investment fund returned 8.3 percent " -- I just made that up -- you need to remember that the calculation most likely excludes all the funds that lost so much that they closed down .
The survivorship bias in entrepreneurship was on my mind a few months ago .
My company was putting together a conference in Boston , and I invited my friend Jessica Livingston to speak .
Jessica is the co-founder of a small angel investment group called Y Combinator .
Its model is to give a few thousand dollars to groups of two or three geeks to start tech companies .
She has also written a book called Founders at Work , in which she interviews the founders of about 30 successful start - ups .
When she asked me what she should speak about , I asked her to consider describing all the different ways a start - up can fail , rather than the usual stuff about lessons learned from people who succeeded .
" That would be boring , " she told me .
" They all fail for the same reason : People just stop working on their business . "
Um , yeah , well , sure , and most people die because their heart stops beating .
But somehow dying in different ways is still interesting enough to support 40 hours a week of prime - time programming .
But the more I thought about it , the more I realized Jessica was onto something .
Why do start - ups fail ?
As she pointed out , it 's usually a collapse of motivation -- everyone wanders back to civilian life , and the start - up ends , not with a bang but a whimper .
Paul Graham , Jessica 's husband and partner in Y Combinator , has tackled this subject on his website .
" The biggest reason founders stop working on their start - ups is that they get demoralized , " he writes .
" Some people seem to have unlimited self - generated morale .
These almost always succeed .
At the other extreme , there are people who seem to have no ability to do this ; they need a boss to motivate them .
In the middle there is a large band of people who have some , but not unlimited , ability to motivate themselves .
These can succeed through careful morale management ( and some luck ) . "
So , who is capable of " careful morale management , " and what does it entail ?
In my mind , an entrepreneur is like a kid playing with his first shortwave radio .
He takes it home and turns it on , and what does he hear ?
Nothing .
Static .
This might be demoralizing .
So he tries a different frequency .
Nothing .
Static .
And this might be demoralizing again .
Until his mom wanders by and plugs in the antenna on the radio , and suddenly , he picks up the ghost of a station !
It sounds like it 's far away , and they seem to be speaking -- what is that language they 're speaking ?
Never mind , it 's a station !
An antenna !
Who knew ?
The kid runs off to blog about how cool antennas are .
This is what it 's like when you 're creating a business .
There 's the initial burst of excitement when you come up with the idea and another surge in momentum when you make your first few sales .
( At this point , you 're so dang cocky that you have too much wine at Thanksgiving dinner and pointedly remind your mother - in - law about how rude she was to dismiss your start - up idea and how , when you 're making millions of dollars , there will be nothing for her -- she can bloody well eat frozen government cheese . )
As the business progresses , you start trying to turn all the various knobs on your fancy radio set in order to get better reception or to find a station you like .
And fortunately , in business , we founders have a lot of knobs to play with .
There 's price .
Location .
Employees .
Marketing .
Advertising .
Return policies .
Trade shows .
Products .
Search - engine optimization .
And every item in your budget .
Say you decide to open a restaurant .
You rent space , fill it with tables , stock the kitchen , and hire a bunch of waiters and a host to seat people and answer the phone and take reservations .
And then , on the night of your grand opening : [ imagine the sound of crickets here ] .
At this moment , a founder who is incapable of careful morale management will think to himself , Maybe a career in HR management is n't so bad after all .
Meanwhile , the determined founder will start playing with the dials -- rethinking the menu , trying new promotions , and adjusting prices .
And what he 'll find is that , just like the tuner on a radio , certain aspects of a business can be off by only a little bit and then , one tiny adjustment , and BING !
The thing starts working .
Consider , for example , the sales chart for one of our products , Fog Creek Copilot .
At first , we charged $ 10 a day , and every time a customer wanted to use the service , he or she had to whip out a credit card and type in those 16 digits or use PayPal .
As the green line on the chart indicates , we had steady but unremarkable sales .
Then , in December 2005 , one of my developers built a subscription service so that customers could sign up to be automatically billed every month .
We thought this would be a minor convenience for some users .
Turns out , we had wildly underestimated the impact this new method of payment would have .
As the red line shows , sales took off .
We might have given up on Copilot if we had kept it as a pay - as - you - go product .
We develop other kinds of software , but if we had been a one - product shop , we might have turned into just another start - up that fails because everyone becomes demoralized and wanders off , never knowing how close good reception was .
Luckily , that did n't happen .
Once we added subscriptions -- wow !
It was as if , after months of static , we picked up an Australian radio station that got stronger and clearer each day .
We still keep playing with the dials and moving the antenna .
We recently lowered the price of a monthly subscription in hopes of increasing the overall growth rate .
The jury 's still out on that decision .
But I 'll keep making adjustments until I stumble upon the formula that makes Fog Creek such a big success that you 'll be able to read all about it at the airport bookstore .
Welcome To Keystone Business Brokers
Keystone Business Brokers is a division of Keystone Business Advisors Inc. , Brokerage and is a leading business brokerage company serving clients in Toronto , GTA and across southern Ontario .
We help business owners looking to sell a business and assist buyers with businesses for sale .
Keystone Business Brokers is an Ontario brokerage and provides business sales and acquisition services .
We assist with selling profitable businesses in Ontario
valued $ 10 million and under
We have many buyers looking for good businesses to buy .
Please contact us if you are thinking of buying or selling a business .
___________________________________________
Selling a Business
If you are an owner thinking of selling a business , we can assist you through process of selling your business and find you a qualified buyer for your business .
We can assist you to sell y our confidentially .
We deal with profitable companies ranging in value from $ 100,000 to $ 10 million .
Contact us to request a confidential consultation or if you have any questions about how to sell a business .
Business for Sale
We have various business for sale listings .
If you are serious about finding businesses fo sale , please contact us .
We would be happy to discuss the opportunities with you .
B rowse our website to find a business for sale in Toronto , GTA , Hamilton and southern Ontario .
Buyers - please also fill out our buyer registration form to let us know what you 're looking for .
Why Choose Us to Help Sell Your Business ?
Selling a business is a full time endeavor that requires patience , perseverance and a level of detach ment that business brokers provide .
Unlike real estate or other assets , business brokerage is a field that requires a unique skill - set and level of experience .
We know how to sell a business and have the expertise to help you successfully sell yours .
Find out more about our specialized professional services to business sellers .
Why Choose Us to Help You Buy a Business ?
Buying a business for sale is not as straightforward an exercise as people may think .
he process is typically more involved and complex than a real estate transactio n and most people are unfamiliar with the process .
There are many potentially costly pitfalls that an experienced professional can assist you with .
We will help navigate you through the transaction and have the information & resources to advise you on the various risks and opportunities that can be involved with buying an existing business .
Types of Industries & Businesses
We can help you buy or list a business for sale in a variety of different industries : Manufacturing , Health Care , Fitness , Medical , Retirement , Business Services , Distribution , Food , Hospitality & Restaurants , Retail , Transportation , Information Technology , Franchise re-sales , Education , Printing , Construction , Wholesale , Commercial Real Estate , Personal Services , Leisure Services , Automotive , Landscaping , mid-market companies , small businesses for sale and more .
Geography We Serve We service the Greater Toronto Area ( GTA ) and surrounding areas including Mississauga , Brampton , Milton , Oakville , Burlington , Brantford , Hamilton , Stoney Creek , Grimsby , St. Catharines , Waterloo , Kitchener , Cambridge , Guelph , London and Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada .
We will work with business buyers and sellers throughout the southern Ontario Region ( the ' Golden Horseshoe ' ) .
Service & Professionalism Customer service is the most critical aspect for a business broker service .
We strive to provide all of our clients and customers with the highest levels of service & professionalism possible .
You can be assured that business ethics are of utmost importance to us .
We fully adhere to Ontario 's Real Estate & Business Brokers Act ( REBBA , 2002 ) , the code of ethics and are fully governed by REBBA in all of our professional endeavors .
Keystone Business Brokers is also a proud member in good standing of the In ternational Business Brokers Association ( IBBA ) and fully adheres to the IBBA code of ethics .
Jennifer Garner Baby Bump Watch PHOTOS
We are told that Jennifer Garner is getting very close to her baby due date .
Judging from photos taken yesterday , outside Violet Affleck 's preschool , we 'd have to agree .
Earlier in the week it was dad Ben Affleck who picked up his princess from school .
The most telling clue is the fact that Violet is being toted to Jen 's car by one of the school employees .
She and Ben are always photographed carrying their young daughter .
With a new baby close at hand , Miss Violet will probably soon graduate to motoring under her own power .
Check out the photo gallery below .
Photos : WENN
As investigators try to untangle the scheme that Bernard L. Madoff hid from investors and regulators for a decade or more , one basic fact is emerging :
He may not have been making any trades at all .
( Full article : 916 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Increasingly the economists and politicians discussing the current economic downturn are referencing the early 1980s recession , or in some cases the 1973 - 74 recession .
Both of these recessions were hard and lasted about 16 months , whereas the current recession is only 13 months old , but is already a challenging one .
There has also been talk by economists and stock market seers about how the current recession could morph into the next Great Depression .
Unfortunately , a Great Depression comparison provides little help for investors trying to understand how energy markets might be affected .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) in its recent oil demand forecasts has been commenting that the back - to - back declines of 2008 and 2009 would mark the first time for that to occur since 1982 - 1983 , some 25 years ago .
In our November examination of the possible future course of the U.S. drilling rig count , we used the 1980s downturn to plot how the current rig count downturn might unfold if this one were similar .
At the time , we speculated that if this cycle 's rig count fall followed the 1980s downturn pattern , we were at risk of losing about 1,000 rigs from peak to trough .
Now , we are seeing and hearing estimates that this rig downturn will be so severe , largely because of how low natural gas prices have fallen and the absence of a catalyst for them to rise soon , that the rig count could fall to a low of 800 active rigs .
We have had discussions with various drilling company management teams who suggest , based on the rate of weekly rig count declines that we could reach that target sooner rather than later .
It 's amazing how , when things come unglued , the outlook rapidly shifts to the catastrophe scenario .
Maybe it 's because people want to emulate President Obama .
If the U.S. rig count reaches the 800 working rig number sometime this year , the drilling industry will have lost about 1,200 active rigs from its peak activity level last fall .
With that many rigs going idle , it will be extremely difficult for drilling contractors to sustain profitability and if a contractor has significant debt levels , companies may have issues with remaining in business .
On the other hand , the level of optimism within the drilling contractor fraternity that this downturn will be quick to rebound is keeping managements focused on where the geographic strength will be on the upside .
The key question , however , is will the global economy remain depressed for several years making the energy demand forecasts of almost all analysts wrong , and suggesting that 2010 will be another down year for energy consumption rather than a year of demand recovery ?
As we have pointed out before , the 1980s downturn actually lasted for four years .
The peak in oil demand came in 1979 and growth resumed in 1984 .
It was not until 1989 , however , that global oil use exceeded the total consumed in 1979 .
Could a multiyear oil consumption downturn happen today ?
There were several factors at work in the early 1980s downturn that contributed to it lasting as long as it did .
First was the scope of the economic problems that led to the recession .
Second was the energy - consumption adjustments undertaken by the United States , Europe and Japanese economies in response to the dramatic climb in oil prices that began in 1973 .
Third was the oil supply response driven by the fear of oil shortages and the correspondingly high oil prices experienced throughout the ‘ 70s .
Let 's examine these issues and whether any of them exist today .
The 1970s was a decade marked by seismic social and economic shifts that radically altered the global status quo .
The social stresses and economic turmoil that came from the Vietnam War and the various attempts to resolve it resulted in an accelerated inflation rate by the end of 1960s .
Early in the 1970s , the automatic inflationprotection clauses incorporated into union labor contracts in the late 1960s in response to that period 's increase in inflation began topressure the economy , even though the actual inflation rate , as measured by the consumer price index ( CPI ) , was moderating .
In fact , in 1970 , the inflation rate flirted with 6 % before falling back , but it remained above 4 % , a rate thought to be intolerable .
On August 15 , 1971 , President Nixon instituted wage and price controls on the United States economy along with ending the exchangeability of dollars for gold bullion .
These were unique acts in peace - time , but they were supposed to only last for 90 days , but instead ended up lasting for 1,000 .
With the August pronouncement , the future course of the United States economy , and that of the world , was altered permanently .
The change set in motion actions and reactions that have shaped our world .
In the energy world , seismic shifts were also occurring at this time .
The low and regulated natural gas prices of the 1960s contributed to the U.S. beginning to run out of gas supply .
To offset that eventuality , gas consumers began substituting oil for gas .
The growth in global oil consumption began to strain supplies , especially as the United States , the world 's largest oil producer , hit peak production and began to decline .
As these shifts were occurring , the Seven Sisters international oil companies commenced efforts to reduce the Middle East posted price for crude oil on which the royalties owed to the host producing countries , primarily those countries that were members of the Organization of Oil Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , were based .
This effort angered those countries and , as the global oil supply / demand balance tightened , emboldened them to push for higher prices , increased taxes and eventually the partial nationalization of the production concessions .
The shift in oil supply / demand fundamentals was altering the power in the global energy market in favor of OPEC .
While most people associate the Arab oil producers ' embargo of those western countries that supported Israel in the 1973 Six Day War , as the start of the rise in oil prices , the reality is that underlying oil market supply / demand trends had become sufficiently tight that producers could begin to extract economic rent for providing their oil to the market earlier in the decade .
From $ 1.80 a barrel in 1970 , posted oil prices rose to $ 2.55 by early 1971 and were then pushed up to $ 3.45 .
In response to rising inflation and depreciation of the U.S. dollar , OPEC members lifted oil prices and tax rates higher , and increasingly gained more control over the oil producing concessions they had granted to the international oil companies decades earlier .
By the start of the fourth Arab - Israeli war on October 6 , 1973 , posted oil prices had climbed to $ 5.12 a barrel .
A couple of weeks after the war , Arab oil producing countries imposed their embargo and in December , OPEC boosted oil prices to $ 11.65 a barrel , effective January 1 , 1974 .
In response to these energy industry dynamics , the Nixon Administration moved to put controls on oil prices leading to the August 17 , 1973 , announcement of a new , two - tier pricing regime -- " old " oil , that oil produced at or below 1972's average production level and sold at a March 1973 prices plus $ 0.35 a barrel and " new " oil , or the oil produced in excess of 1972's average production level that was sold at uncontrolled prices .
This intersection of politics and regulation distorted the oil market pricing mechanism and triggered the 1970s oil boom , which ultimately led to the industry 's 15 - year recession .
Most people remember the 1970s as a period of escalating oil prices , accelerating inflation , and severe government regulation .
The reality is that oil prices jumped fourfold in 1973 , remained essentially flat until 1978 when the Iranian revolution overthrew that country 's government and resulted in the removal of its oil from the world market sending oil prices from the mid-teens to the midthirties .
The subsequent Iran - Iraq war sent global oil prices to the upper thirties per barrel .
This explosion in oil prices , coupled with the psychological impact of the Malthusian view of the globe 's future -- too many people , not enough food nor sufficient raw materials to support them -- contributed to a bleak outlook for living standards .
Out of the explosion of oil prices early in the 1970s emerged a huge energy conservation effort throughout the western world -- the globe 's primary consumer of oil and gas .
More efficient automobiles and household appliances ; increased energy efficiency building standards ; and greater use of nuclear and non-hydrocarbon fuel sources for power generation marked the world of the 1980s .
That can best be seen in the United States by the impact of the amount of liquid petroleum fuel used to generate electricity compared to that sourced from natural gas .
Coal also increased its contribution to the power generation mix .
This is a reason why the world 's demand for oil fell in the early 1980s and was slow to recover as the decade wore on .
These energy conservation and fuel - switching trends were in addition to the decline in oil demand due to the economic recession set in motion by the harsh monetary policies implemented at the start of the 1980s in an attempt to break the back of the rampant inflation in the United States that had spread globally .
The U.S. Federal Reserve took actions to push short - term interest rates above 20 % , crippling manufacturing and commerce and undercutting consumer demand .
The effect , however , was to cut the inflation rate in half to 6.2 % in 1982 from 13.2 % in 1980 and cut it in half again to 3.2 % in 1983 .
But the resulting revival in economic activity did not reverse the energy efficiency gains put in motion during the second half of the 1970s .
For the four years 1980 - 1983 , global oil consumption fell by a cumulative 6.5 million barrels a day .
This consumption fall amounted to 7.5 % of global oil consumption from 1979 's peak .
Had this been the only oil market dynamic at work , the members of OPEC may have been able to compensate and prevent the cataclysmic fall in oil prices experienced in the mid 1980s as oil fell from $ 38 a barrel to $ 28 and then collapsed to near $ 10 before the bottom was reached .
The other significant dynamic at work during this period was the growth in non-OPEC production stimulated by the twin factors of oil supply shortages and high prices .
The 1973 oil embargo set off alarm bells within the oil industry and governments that the world 's consumers could potentially be held captive to politically motivated oil supply shortages .
Coupled with high oil prices , the petroleum industry embarked on a global exploration surge that resulted in the development of the hydrocarbon resources on Alaska 's North Slope and offshore England and Norway in the North Sea .
These new producing areas were also assisted in expanding non-OPEC oil supplies by growing oil production in Mexico and Brazil – although its increased production merely offset imports freeing up additional oil supplies for western governments to purchase .
While these new supply basins had begun production during the 1970s , they matured as large and sustainable supply sources in the 1980s .
The fall in global oil demand and the rise in OECD oil supplies combined to pressure OPEC 's share of world oil production .
The loss of oil sales because of growing non-OPEC supplies created economic problems for the OPEC member countries .
Those OPEC countries facing the greatest economic pressures from falling oil prices cheated on the reduced OPEC production quotas designed to help stem the oil price decline .
As oil supplies in the global market grew , oil prices collapsed .
This price collapse was a contributing factor in the battle to reestablish low inflation worldwide and it helped to stimulate a global economic recovery that eventually became one of the longest sustained economic growth periods in history .
When we look at the global energy market today what do we see ?
Demand is falling , and each month the demand forecasts are ratcheted down as global economic growth projections are revised lower .
Since February 2008 , the IMF has reduced its 2009 outlook for world economic growth from 3.0 % to 2.2 % and now to 0.5 % .
Traditionally , a 2 % growth rate has been considered the point below which the world enters a recession .
For 2010 , the IMF expects worldwide economic growth of 3.0 % , but it calls for the advanced economies of the world , which includes the OECD countries , to recover but their growth will still be less than half the growth rate experienced in 2007 .
The developing Asian economies are expected to have a dramatic snapback in growth in 2010 , but it also will be meaningfully less than in 2007 .
The question for the energy market is whether the 2009 economic growth forecast holds at its barely positive rate and 2010 's projection is revised meaningfully lower .
At the moment , the more negative economic forecasters seem to be driving the outlook for the world 's growth , or lack thereof .
If there is a recovery in global economic activity that is above 2.0 % , then we should probably be looking for higher oil demand .
Just how high is debatable .
The other side of the oil demand coin is oil supply , and here the case for higher oil prices is stronger .
While the world had about six countries experiencing oil production declines in 1980 , today that number is more like 25 with a growing number of countries struggling to avoid falling into that category .
In five years , we could have another 15 - 30 countries that have gone beyond their peak production capacity .
That outlook begs a question :
Where are the next North Slopes and North Seas ?
At the present time , these basins are in decline so the petroleum industry is working hard to slow the rates of decline while acknowledging that these basins are not going to be sources of new oil supplies .
By examining the production history and projected future production of one of the key non-OPEC basins , one can see the challenge facing the oil industry , and in turn , the world 's economy .
Norway commenced offshore oil production in 1970 .
Production grew fairly steadily until it reached peak production about the turn of this century .
From that point , Norway 's oil production has been in a steady decline that , with the help of some new discoveries and enhanced production , may be arrested for a brief time before then resuming its projected rapid rate of decline .
Whether the oil industry is able to bring forth these additional resources or not will depend upon both technology and economics , each of which has their own unique challenges at the present time .
Maybe offshore Brazil will be the new North Slope and North Sea , but it will be a long time in coming and the oil will be expensive to produce .
The country has found several potentially huge new oil discoveries in deep water and under salt formations , but no one is completely sure how easily these reservoirs will be developed and at what cost .
In the mean time , the issue is whether global demand will continue to fall as it did in the 1980s .
Most authoritative forecasts call for an upturn in oil consumption beginning in 2010 , but those forecasts are predicated on economic projections calling for the current economic recession to end by then , also .
We believe that unless a worldwide global initiative to address the global warming concerns is undertaken and it leads to everyone radically changing energy consumption habits , energy demand growth will resume with a recovery in economic activity .
Cap - andtrade or a carbon tax have the potential for raising the cost of carbon associated with hydrocarbon resources and altering the desirability of particular fuels , but probably not lowering total energy demand .
Until these systems are in place and functioning well , the needs and desires for improved lifestyles driven by population growth will push increased energy consumption .
All the best forecasts predict that the maximum effort from alternative fuels will not displace a significant volume of hydrocarbon fuel .
While natural gas might displace a certain volume of oil used for gasoline the transition will not happen in a meaningful way anytime soon .
The issue for the oil industry will be capital availability to fund the development of the world 's known resources .
The future for oil and gas prices is tied to supply and demand fundamentals and an indicator of where oil prices may be headed in the near term is tied to OPEC 's surplus productive capacity .
At the moment with rapidly falling demand , OPEC is facing a growing production surplus .
Compared to the surplus productive capacity OPEC battled in the mid 1980s , this surplus is not serious and will probably turn out to be a transitory trend .
The forecast surplus should be about five million barrels per day of capacity in 2010 compared to over 10 million barrels per day in 1985 when world oil consumption was substantially lower than today .
Moreover , that surplus was the result of growing oil supplies from new producing basins .
The 1980s were marked by growing non-OPEC oil supplies and radically altered demand patterns that hampered the ability of OPEC to deal with the rapid and large production surplus .
Those two key conditions do not exist today , and from all the available evidence are not likely to emerge anytime soon .
In the near - term , demand is the critical issue , but barring another Great Depression killing economic activity for a number of years , the global oil market will be selfcorrecting , and quite possibly faster than many people think .
Reprinted with permission from PPH & B
A new poll is out showing 77 % of Americans blame media for making economic crisis worse .
Seventy - seven percent of Americans believe that the U.S. media is making the economic situation worse by projecting fear into people 's minds .
The majority of those surveyed feel that the financial press , by focusing on and embellishing negative news , is damaging consumer confidence and damping investment , making a difficult situation much worse .
The poll was conducted via telephone , December 4 - 7 .
Household Incomes :
$ 25 k - $ 35 k -- 79 % answered YES
$ 35 k - $ 50 k -- 88 % answered YES
$ 50 k - $ 75 k -- 76 % answered YES
$ 75 k - more -- 78 % answered YES
Demographics :
85 % of young adults ( 18 - 24 yrs old ) answered YES
77 % of males and females alike answered YES
65 % of blacks answered YES
Richard Scheff , a national expert on corporate liability and white collar crime issues , warns media that they could potentially be exposed to liability despite apparent constitutional protections :
" Although statements by the media are protected by the First Amendment , the survey results demonstrate that the public believes that the press bears some responsibility for the lack of confidence in the economy .
One would hope that the media would act less out of self - interest in these times of national crisis , " said Mr. Scheff , vice chairman and partner with Philadelphia - based law firm Montgomery McCracken Walker & Rhoads .
There 's Emotional Contagion Going On
In a typical week , Berkeley psychotherapist Don McKillop sees clients with a range of emotional issues .
But these days , all of his patients have one thing in common : financial stress .
" In the last week , " McKillop said , " every one of my clients mentioned anxiety over the economy . "
McKillop is not alone .
In an economic climate that grows more precarious every day , Bay Area residents are experiencing an epidemic of anger , anxiety and emotional stress , according to local psychotherapists and academics .
" There 's emotional contagion going on , " says Corte Madera psychotherapist Ruth Kalb .
" Panic begets panic . "
In October , an American Psychological Association survey showed that 83 percent of American women and 78 percent of American men were experiencing heightened stress about money .
Women , the study said , are today more concerned with money issues than personal health .
Women over 63 are especially distressed : Worries about the economy rose from 74 percent in April to 92 percent in September .
Inevitably , financial anxieties spill into family relations .
" People are struggling with how to talk about this with their kids , " Kalb said .
" Adult children are needing to move back home , upsetting everyone 's rhythm . "
Economic anxieties are passed on to children , said Berkeley psychotherapist Susan Regan .
" I was with this family in a family session and one of the kids turned to the parent and said , ' Mom , how 's your job going ?
Are you OK ? ' "
Economic Masochism
Hymie Anisman , a neuroscientist at Carleton University in Ottawa , has diagnosed a new and highly contagious ailment for the recession era : economic masochism .
It was a pal who first exhibited the symptoms many people are experiencing these days -- although this man 's case is extreme .
" I have a friend who sits all day going through various journals online and various blogs as if he wants to find more bad news .
He 's read it all 20 times , he 's knows what 's there .
It 's almost like he 's addicted by it .
But every once in a while he 'll get some little glimmer that will reinforce some little glimmer of hope , " Dr. Anisman , who studies the effects of stress , said in a recent interview .
Consumer Confidence At Record Low
Confidence among U.S. consumers unexpectedly dropped in December to a record on growing anxiety over the lack of jobs , raising the risk that spending will keep weakening into the new year .
The Conference Board ’s index of consumer confidence fell to 38 , the lowest level since records began in 1967 , from 44.7 in November , the New York - based private research group said today .
Another report showed declines in property values accelerated .
Rising unemployment , mounting foreclosures and declining household wealth have dimmed the outlook for consumer spending , which accounts for 70 percent of the economy .
This year ’s holiday season , the most important for retailers , was probably the worst in at least four decades .
“ The deterioration going on right now in the labor market made people feel much worse , ” said Nigel Gault , chief U.S. economist at IHS Global Insight in Lexington , Massachusetts .
“ If people are worried about their jobs , they are not going to spend .
That is extremely negative . ”
The 60 percent plunge in gasoline prices from July ’s record had prompted economists to project confidence would climb , mimicking the improvement in other measures .
The median estimate in a Bloomberg News survey of 52 analysts called for the Conference Board ’s gauge to rise to 45.5 from previously reported 44.9 for November .
I 'm having a hard time swallowing much more of the ridiculous television programming regarding our current economic crisis and the government 's fiasco of a stimulus .
If I have to hear one more economist or executive editor of some financial rag or former Wall Street insider address the merits of the government 's stimulus using double talk , armchair economics , half truths and massaged statistics I 'm going shoot my cat .
They all babble about how it will create jobs , unlock the credit markets and stimulate investment .
Horse - hockey .
I do n't understand how these self - proclaimed financial insiders can go on television with a straight face and lay out this crap .
No financial measures or calculated metrics are needed to analyze the situation .
Any such numbers would favor the party presenting them anyway and thereby be biased by association .
Here 's the problem so even those mental midgets on CNN can understand it : there is nothing the government can do with our money to legally stimulate the economy except let us keep it !
Here 's why :
Firstly , there 's a seemingly irrelevant , historical document sitting in the National Archives in Washington called the constitution .
It 's the document that Ron Paul referred to many times during the Republican primary debates that usually evoked a condescending chuckle from the likes of McCain , Romney , Giuliani , Huckabee and the other Manchurian candidates .
Nowhere in that document does there exist clear constitutional authority for the federal government to tax the people and redistribute those monies to the markets of their choice .
Secondly , the whole charade is a wash : if Uncle Sam takes money from me in the form of taxes , or debt or inflation that I was going to spend on having my lawn cut , and gives it to you so you can have your car washed then there are no new jobs created .
The young man I would have hired to cut my lawn loses the job , and the one that washes your car gains one .
Zero-sum game .
Thirdly , there is nothing that the government can do on my behalf with my money that I can't do better .
Anyone who has ever worked for a large corporation or a state or the federal government will attest to the blatant inefficiencies associated with it .
It 's just not logistically possible for the government to act as a central planner for our economy .
To think they know what , who , where , when , how much to invest so as to better our lives .
Besides , has n't that been tried before and failed miserably ?
Was n't that Communism ?
Fourthly , the insertion of the government in - between businesses and consumers creates the opportunity for businesses to lobby ( bribe ) the middleman and get special interest treatment .
Lobbying directly to the consumer without the government is called marketing .
The benefit to the consumer is a quality product .
Lobbying with the government in the middle is called special interest pandering and the benefit to the government is cold hard cash in hand and there is no benefit to the consumer .
Only corruption and higher prices .
A firsthand example : a former colleague of mine who was recently laid off told me today that he has been fortunate enough to find a new job in this troubled economy but for significantly less money and he still has to incur significant relocation costs , and his family will not be joining him immediately so he 'll have to support two households for the time being .
He called his bank , Bank of America , to try and negotiate a lower interest rate on his credit cards in hopes of some short - term relief .
He explained that given the current economic climate that given the decision to pay the rent or his BOA credit cards that naturally he would pay the rent and therefore would appreciate BOA working with him to find a solution that benefited both him and BOA .
Unfortunately , according to Reuters , BOA received $ 25 billion from the Treasury Department ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) in October 2008 and again on January 16th , 2009 the U.S. government gave BOA a $ 20 billion bailout and a guarantee for almost $ 100 billion of potential losses on toxic assets .
These bailouts made Bank of America the biggest recipient of taxpayer money next to Citigroup .
Later in the day my colleague tried to use one of his BOA credit cards and it was declined .
He called the bank only to find out that his credit card accounts , which had been in good standing for 2.5 years , had been closed !
After calling the bank and speaking to a " credit specialist " he was told that his credit worthiness had been re-evaluated and found to be a higher risk then previously thought .
More horse - hockey .
What incentive does a bank like BOA , which has received almost $ 150 billion from the U.S. government , have to negotiate with Joe Blow over $ 10,000 in debt ?
None !
The government intervention , as usual , gives institutions such as BOA incentives to make bad business decisions .
Would you or I do differently with that kind of safety net from the U.S. government ?
February 26 , 2009
The Best of Don Cooper
In late October , Eddie Rodriguez and his band Los Volcanes were in their label 's home base of Corpus Christi , performing Tejano music on Spanish - language television .
Save for a handful of suburban clubs , Tejano is an afterthought in the 42 - year - old Rodriguez 's adopted hometown of Seattle ( he 's a Brownsville native ) .
But in South Texas , conjunto , the accordion - heavy subgenre of Tejano music and Los Volcanes ' specialty , is huge .
A couple weeks after returning home to Normandy Park , a suburb near the Seattle airport , Rodriguez , who sings lead and plays accordion in Los Volcanes , received a call on his cell phone marked " private . "
Typically , Rodriguez lets private calls go to voice mail , but this time he picked up .
The caller asked Rodriguez to identify himself .
He did , and in turn the man on the other end of the line identified himself as Neil Diamond .
Info Los Volcanes
Rodriguez naturally suspected the call to be a hoax .
But eventually , he became convinced that he " was talking to a living legend , " and asked Diamond if he was sure he had " the right Eddie . "
According to Rodriguez , Diamond informed him that he'd recently been in Texas performing and doing charitable work , and happened to catch an airing of a Los Volcanes performance on TV .
Diamond played Houston October 14 , but there were sufficient holes in his schedule a few weeks later to where he could have returned ; Los Volcanes ' late - October TV taping was just the most recent of many .
Diamond and Rodriguez then spent several minutes discussing the particulars of conjunto , a conversation that ended with Diamond asking Rodriguez if he could send him " some demos . "
Rodriguez had his label , Hacienda Records , oblige .
A couple weeks passed before Rodriguez received a second call from Diamond .
This time , he informed Rodriguez that there was soon to be a tribute concert in his honor in Los Angeles , and that Diamond was interested in Rodriguez 's four - piece playing the gig .
But first , Diamond would need Los Volcanes to cut another demo : " Red , Red Wine " — with half the lyrics sung in Spanish and the other half in English .
Rodriguez and his son , Sean , Los Volcanes ' drummer , had converted their basement into a recording studio , so laying the track down was n't a problem .
However , says Rodriguez , " I could n't get a songwriter to give me the lyrics in Spanish , so I did it [ myself ] . "
After shipping the demo to Diamond 's people , there remained but one more hurdle to clear : a backstage meeting with Diamond before his January 8 show at the Rose Garden in Portland , Oregon .
But as it turned out , a key portion of Interstate 5 between Seattle and Portland was closed that week due to flooding .
Trains were also canceled , making any form of ground transport impossible .
Rodriguez panicked .
He placed a call to Diamond 's production coordinator , Same Cole , on the morning of January 8 , explaining the ­circumstances .
" I said , ' Sam , you 're not going to believe this , ' and he says , ' No , I do believe it — I 'm watching the news , ' " recalls Rodriguez , who says Cook then got him a seat on a Horizon Air flight so he could make the scheduled rendezvous .
Once at the Rose Garden , Rodriguez was escorted to a backstage area where Diamond was due to eat lunch .
" [ Diamond ] came in with three guys , " says Rodriguez .
" He had a wonderful hat on that made me think of Daniel Boone — the raccoon hat that he wore .
He walked right up to me , shook my hand and said , ' Eddie , finally we get to meet . '
He said , ' This is meant to be , you have to realize that .
I go with my spiritual feeling , and I 'm going to take you with me to California . ' "
Friday , Los Volcanes will perform " Red , Red Wine " at the Los Angeles Convention Center alongside Coldplay , Foo Fighters and Tim McGraw , among others .
Each act will perform Neil Diamond songs as part of a red- carpet gala honoring Diamond as MusiCares ' 2009 Person of the Year .
( MusiCares is a recording industry charity that provides assistance to musicians in need , and Diamond is being recognized for his philanthropic work on behalf of Hurricane Ike victims . )
The event is a precursor to this Sunday 's Grammy Awards , held at the Staples Center .
If only the story were this simple , it would be the musical equivalent of Rocky .
But there 's a conflicting account of how Diamond came into contact with Rodriguez that 's been making the rounds , one that 's been shared on condition of anonymity by sources close to the event .
To hear them tell it , when Diamond called Rodriguez , he thought he was dialing another Eddie : Vedder , who made a memorable appearance in Song Sung Blue , a documentary about a husband - and - wife Diamond cover band called Thunder and Lightning that screened at the 2008 Seattle International Film Festival .
Diamond 's camp and MusiCares declined to comment for the record , and MusiCares would neither confirm nor deny that Los Volcanes were on the bill .
As the alternate version goes , Diamond and Rodriguez each spent several minutes trying to figure out who the other person was .
When Diamond realized he had the wrong Eddie , rather than apologizing and calling the right Eddie , he decided to give Los Volcanes the shot of a lifetime .
Rodriguez believes Diamond knew who he was talking to all along .
But early in their conversation , Rodriguez remembers Diamond uttering the words , " I 'm not calling Eddie Vedder . "
Whether this was meant as a statement of reassurance ( as Rodriguez believes ) or confusion is unclear .
What is known is that Diamond invited Vedder to play the same gig — a request that , according to Pearl Jam spokesperson Nicole Vandenberg , was declined due to a scheduling conflict .
That Los Volcanes will be in Los Angeles to perform Friday , though , is thankfully not in dispute .
if you would like to be informed when new texts are released
subscribe to my Dharma Records blog where all updates are posted
my other websites :
The early Zionists never believed they would be accepted in the Arab world and pinned their hopes on the non-Arab periphery instead , particularly Iran .
Israel reversed that policy by opening talks with a weakened Arafat in the early 1990s .
But peace with the Palestinians did not happen and the ‘ radicals ’ grew more radical
“ We had very deep relations with Iran , cutting deep into the fabric of the two peoples , ” said a high - ranking official at the Israeli foreign ministry just after the Iranian Revolution in 1979 .
Israeli ( and US ) officials then saw it as madness to view Iran as anything other than a natural interlocutor .
Thirty years later , western policy - makers , and particularly Israelis , see Iran as a growing threat .
Could this fear be based on a misreading of Iran ’s revolution ?
David Ben-Gurion , Israel ’s first prime minister , did not see Israel as part of the Middle East , but as part of Europe .
From 1952 , Ben-Gurion repeated that although Israelis were sitting in the Middle East , this was a geographical accident , for they were a European people .
“ We have no connection with the Arabs , ” he said .
“ Our regime , our culture , our relations , is not the fruit of this region .
There is no political affinity between us , or international solidarity ” ( 1 ) .
Ben-Gurion called for a concerted effort to persuade the United States that Israel could be a strategic asset in the Middle East .
But President Dwight Eisenhower ( 1953 - 61 ) repeatedly declined Israel ’s entreaties , believing that the US was better placed to manage US interests independently of Israeli assistance .
As a result of these rebuffs , Ben-Gurion evolved the concept of the “ alliance of the periphery ” which aimed to balance the vicinity of hostile Arab states by forming alliances with Iran , Turkey and Ethiopia .
It was an attempt to strengthen Israeli deterrence , reduce Israel ’s isolation and add to its appeal as an “ asset ” to the US .
In parallel , Ben-Gurion developed another idea : the “ alliance of the minorities ” .
He argued that the majority of the inhabitants of the Middle East were not Arab , referring not only to the Persians and the Turks , but also to religious minorities such as the Jews , Kurds , Druze and ( Christian ) Maronites of Lebanon .
The aim was to foster nationalist aspirations among minorities in order to create islands of allies in the ocean of Arab nationalism .
Iran emerged against this background in the late 1950s as a “ natural ally ” of Israel .
In Treacherous Alliance ( 2 ) Trita Parsi has traced the cooperation with the Shah , such as the joint training and arming of Kurdish insurgents between 1970 and 1975 that was intended to weaken Iraq .
Parsi also notes the empathy between Israel and Iran on account of the cultural superiority felt by the two peoples towards the Arabs – even though the supposed affinity had its limits .
Israelis were puzzled and irked at the Shah ’s insistence on keeping the relationship quiet ; Israel wanted it publicly acknowledged .
The sense of close affinity persisted beyond the Iranian Revolution , and prompted even hard - headed Israeli politicians of the right – including prime minister Menachem Begin – to reach out to the new Iranian leadership .
Ayatollah Khomeini ’s pragmatism in foreign policy was read by Israelis as evidence that the revolution had been an aberration .
Iran , surrounded by Arab hostility , understood only too well its need for Israeli friendship – and the technological advantages it could bestow on its friends .
Yossi Alpher , a former Mossad official , noted that the periphery doctrine was so “ thoroughly ingrained ” in the Israeli mindset that it had become “ instinctive ” ( 3 ) .
It was out of this conviction that Israel inveigled the US to sell weapons to Iran in the mid-1980s , a prelude to the Iran - Contra scandal ( 4 ) .
Begin ’s electoral victory in 1977 entrenched a more radical vision than that of the Labour Party , that of the Revisionist Zionist leader , Vladimir Jabotinsky .
The latter had argued in his seminal “ Iron Wall ” article in 1923 that there could never be agreement with the Arabs .
Begin shared Jabotinsky ’s view that “ only when there is no longer any hope of getting rid of us ... will they drop their extremist leaders , ” and moderates would emerge who would “ agree to mutual concessions ” and could then benefit from the Zionist “ five hundred year cultural advance ” on them .
Relations with the periphery declined
The right tried to put the strategy of the “ alliance of the minorities ” into practice .
In 1982 , Ariel Sharon invaded Lebanon with the aim of ousting the Palestine Liberation Organisation and establishing a friendly Christian Maronite hegemony in Beirut – so inflicting a devastating defeat on Syria , a major pillar of Arabism .
It proved a miscalculation , for it precipitated the decline of the Maronites and encouraged Shia mobilisation in the south and in the Bekaa valley , from which a formidable new enemy , Hizbullah , emerged .
At the same time as this failure in Lebanon , Israel ’s relations with the periphery declined – at least with Iran ( which made a strategic alliance with Syria , a key Arab enemy ) .
This was because of a misperception by Israel , shared by the US : the Iranian Revolution was seen in the West as no more than a discontinuity in the western narrative of a historical progression from backwardness to western - style secular modernity .
It was an aberration , a reaction against modernity that would be corrected over time .
The ideological basis to the revolution was seen as “ hollow ” ; “ pragmatists ” would soon pull it back on to the path of western material progress , the only course that made sense in the western optic .
This is why both Israel and the US have been so preoccupied by signs of pragmatism and an obsessive hunt for “ moderates ” .
And whenever Iran ’s revolutionary leadership has shown any signs of pragmatism in its foreign policy , it reinforced the US and Israeli view that this would lead eventually to an alliance with Israel .
In reality , it was the West ’s materialist “ modernity ” , on which Israel ’s doctrine was justified , which repelled Iranian leaders the most .
But though they were at odds with the US and Israel over their vision of society and their efforts to spread a culture of secular , materialist and free - market society across the region ( which many Iranians saw in turn as archaic , and even colonialist ) , they did not want to defeat Israel militarily .
The revolution was not conceived with an aggressive regional ambition ; it did not threaten Israel or the US in conventional military terms .
In 1988 , after a messy , debilitating war lasting eight years , Iran reached a ceasefire with Iraq .
But the years 1990 - 2 saw two events that changed the outlook for the whole region : the Soviet Union imploded and Saddam Hussein was defeated in the first Gulf war ( 1990 - 1 ) .
These events removed both the Russian threat to Iran and Iraq ’s threat to Israel .
It left Iran and Israel as unchallenged rivals for leadership and pre-eminence in the region , and it saw the US emerge as a unipolar , unchecked power .
Israel ’s main fear was to be seen as a liability by the US during the Gulf war , rather than a friend .
At the same time the prospect of Iran emerging as a pre-eminent regional power threatened Israel ’s hegemony by opening the possibility of a US - Iranian rapprochement that risked eclipsing Israel ’s relationship with the US .
More seriously , Israel risked its military deterrence : its survival depended on its military supremacy , which a resurgent Iran might remove .
When the Labour government under Yitzhak Rabin , elected in 1992 , decided to drop the strategy of wooing the periphery and instead opted to make peace with the Arabs , this was a radical reverse of strategy .
This shift placed Israel and Iran on opposite sides in the new equation , and the change was as intense as it was unexpected : “ Iran has to be identified as Enemy No 1 , ” Yossi Alpher , at the time an adviser to Rabin , told the New York Times four days after Bill Clinton ’s election victory .
And Shimon Peres , the other most senior Labour figure , warned the international community in an interview in 1993 that Iran would be armed with a nuclear bomb by 1999 ( 5 ) .
Exaggerated nuclear threat ?
But many inside the Clinton administration felt the Iranian threat was exaggerated , as did many within the Israeli establishment .
Shlomo Brom , a senior member of the Israeli intelligence apparatus , told Parsi mockingly : “ Remember , the Iranians are always five to seven years from the bomb .
Time passes , but they are always five to seven years from the bomb . ”
In 2009 , the Iranians are , according to US intelligence estimates , still “ five to seven years away from the bomb ” ( 6 ) .
Israel , therefore , began to cut a deal with Yasser Arafat , greatly weakened by the Gulf war .
Rabin and Peres then used the demonisation of Iran as a lever with which to divert the US Jewish Lobby : the Lobby could focus on the existential threat from Iran rather than turn their anger on Israel ’s leaders for betraying Jabotinsky by supping with the enemy – Arafat and the Arabs .
The US was devising a parallel strategy too : a realignment of pro-western Arab states against enemies lying beyond the periphery – barbarians bearing down on the values , institutions and liberties of western civilisation , led by Iran .
US power had become the instrument that would “ spell the death knell for the Iranian revolution ” as William Kristol , a leading US conservative , wrote in May 2003 .
The defeat of Iran had become the means to deliver a double blow to the Arab and Muslim psyche as well as to the Islamist resistance .
The Arabs would become docile , and the Middle East would succumb , like so many dominoes .
Not surprisingly , despite Iran ’s cooperation with Washington during the war in Afghanistan ( 2002 ) and Iraq ( 2003 ) , its attempts to reach a so - called “ grand bargain ” with the US were all rebuffed or undercut by senior members of the Bush administration .
The 2003 proposal to open talks with the US that appeared to acknowledge US security concerns – including the demand for an end to Iran ’s support for Hizbullah and Hamas and to its nuclear programme , and recognition of Israel – has become a part of legend .
But to assume that pressure caused Iran to offer to sever its links to the resistance and come to terms with Israel is to misread Iran ’s intent .
Iran ’s offer was a nuanced reformulation of an earlier proposal for partnership and a discussion of all issues in contention .
To interpret the 2003 episode as a signal that “ pressure works ” , and that more pressure on Iran will yield these and further concessions , may lead to a catastrophic error of policy .
The US swing towards a Manichaean vision of pro-western moderation versus Islamist extremism has taken regional polarisation well beyond Ben-Gurion ’s more modest objective of creating a balance of forces and deterrence .
In their aim to break the resistance throughout the Muslim world to a secular , liberal vision for the future , the US and its European allies have instead provoked mass mobilisation against their own project , as well as radicalisation and hostility to the West .
Deb Bixler presents health and wellness seminars and a wide variety of healthy programs in the areas of diet , healthy living , and increasing your metabolism .
From cooking classes to team - building to wellness programs , Deb customizes topics to be specific for your group .
The gift of health is the best gift you can give yourself , your employees , family and friends .
Invite Chef Deb to your next event !
Call NOW : 717-751-2793
Solar is sexy , and many celebrities , including Tom Hanks , Brad Pitt , and Will Ferrell , have already jumped on the bandwagon .
But many celebs have not , even though they represent a select group who own a disproportionate number of outrageously excessive homes located in sunny places , and they may want to consider re-decorating their roofs with energy - generating silicon .
>>
Do n’t forget to show your support by voting for this article above .
If saving money and resources , or doing the right thing are n’t enough , every time a celebrity installs solar with BP Solar Neighbors program , a low - income home in South Los Angeles will receive a system as well .
It also would n’t hurt for any of these people to spearhead their local solar panel collective bargaining clubs .
For your viewing pleasure ( and our own personal enjoyment ) , we ’ve rounded up the top ten heinously huge celebrity homes that probably should attempt to redeem themselves by installing solar panels .
We ’ve added DC nameplate rating quotes for each roof to show the wattage that would fit on the usable roof space , which was estimated by our resident solar expert and former solar installer .
( An average home can fit about 4 kW , for your reference . )
Here they are , ranked from the smallest to largest potential system :
10 . Ashlee Simpson , Beverly Hills , California , 2.5 kW
Pete Wentz said goodbye to his $ 1.8 million bachelor pad and hello to this $ 4.5 million home with Ashlee .
They now live right around the corner from Demi and Ashton .
Though this house is n’t ideal for solar , the installation could be just the distraction Ashlee needs right now .
9. Hayden Panettiere , Los Angeles , California ,
13.8 kW
The 19 - year - old actress lives with her best friend in this $ 2.6 million mansion .
Do n’t worry , her parents live right down the street .
Hayden is a spokesperson for Save the Whales Again ! , and a solar installation would give her some major street cred with treehuggers .
8. Jessica Alba , Beverly Hills , California , 20.2 kW
Jessica Alba and Cash Warren bought this $ 4 million , 4 bedroom home to welcome their baby girl .
The press has praised Alba for using non-toxic paint and used furniture , but we know she can do better than that .
7. Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes , Montecito , California , 22.2 kW
Some solar panels would be a great addition to this 7 bedroom , $ 18 million LA mansion , and might provide some carbon karma for Tom and Katie and their fleet of private planes and SUVs .
6. Paris Hilton , Beverly Hills California , 25.8 kW
Since Paris has such a comprehensive energy policy , we were surprised that she has n’t yet either drilled for oil in her backyard or simply installed solar on her $ 6.2 million , 5 bedroom home .
In case you were wondering , there is a designated area for her dogs to live with pink pillows , pink bowls , and personalized doggie crowns .
You may be surprised to see who is # 1 .
Continue to page 2 :
America 's Cartoon Network has shut down its Toonami Jetstream video - streaming service on Friday , although the Naruto anime series will continue to be streamed on other sites .
Upon its closure , the Toonami Jetstream website posted the following message :
We greatly appreciate all the fan support for Toonami Jetstream over the past years .
Starting January 30 , Naruto will make its new home on CN Video at CartoonNetwork.com .
Fans of MAR , Blue Dragon , and other popular VIZ Media series previously featured on Toonami Jetstream should check www.viz.com for future updates .
Viz Media and Cartoon Network launched the service on July 17 , 2006 with both Viz- licensed anime titles and original Cartoon Network programming .
It was one of the first efforts by a North American anime distributor to stream entire series for free online .
The service was the last vestige of the Toonami brand , since the original Toonami programming block ended its 11 - year run last September .
Last week , Toonami Jetstream replaced its usual rotating slate of programming with " the 10 best episodes from every show . "
By the end , the service had hosted all but three episodes of Hikaru no Go , all but 10 episodes of Blue Dragon , all but seven of the English - dubbed episodes of Zatch Bell , and about a dozen Kiba episodes .
Source : Nebs
The Non-Expert Sep 24 , 2005 Does She Love You ?
Experts answer what they know .
The Non-Expert answers anything , even the oldest questions .
Such as , how can you tell if a girl loves you or not ?
The Milkmaid , ca. 1660 , Johannes Vermeer .
Have a question ?
Need some advice ?
Ignored by everyone else ?
Send us your questions via email .
The Non-Expert handles all subjects and is updated on Fridays , and is written by a member of The Morning News staff .
Question :
How do I know if a girl loves me or not ?
— Ajay
Answer :
If one night you go out drinking and end up back at her place , pass out together on the bed with your shoes on , and wake up a few hours later only to discover that you ’ve peed the bed , which she takes in stride , changes the sheets , and then the next morning has a laugh about it , later leaves some pamphlets from the local health clinic about child bedwetters in your mailbox , and eventually after a few weeks tells your friends but never , ever tells hers :
She loves you .
If she knows what song is coming next on the mix CD you made her :
She loves you .
If she hides your shoes when you ’re late for work , and from a supine position on the couch plays “ Hot / Cold , ” and , finally , after 15 minutes of you ignoring her screaming , “ Boiling !
Burning up ! ” every time you stalk angrily by the dishwasher , gets up , flips it open to reveal the shoes , sitting there among the plates , and hands them over with a kiss and a giggle , and then laughs some more as you tie your laces in a silent rage :
She loves you .
If she calls you at work that day to ask , “ How are those shoes working out ? ” :
She loves you .
If when you get home you try to hide something of hers , she finds it immediately , shaking her head , and when she pulls whatever it is — oven mitts or stretch pants — from behind the couch , she looks at you and without any attempt to hide her pity , says , “ I love you ” :
She loves you .
If you ’re Gael García Bernal : She loves you .
If you ’re not Gael García Bernal , but you ’re willing to sit through a “ GGB ” marathon and agree for 10 consecutive hours that he is indeed the most beautiful and talented man alive — and so down - to - earth , too ! — and afterward agree that his portrayal of Che Guevara would have earned an Oscar nod were it not for the implicit politics , agree that taking Spanish classes is a great idea , or salsa , or tango , whatever , agree , agree , agree , and that night lying in bed after sex that ends with her screaming , “ Si ! Si ! ” wonder aloud , “ But you ’re happy with me , right ? ” :
She loves you , man — no one can compete with that Latin bastard .
Forget about it .
If she puts up with an entire Stars of the Lid album on a long - distance road trip :
She loves you .
If she dances with your friends :
She loves you .
If at Halloween you ’re invited to a TV - and movie - themed party and she dresses up as Winnie Cooper and you dress up as Paul Pfeiffer , mainly because you already have the glasses , and at the party some guy who ’s a dead ringer for Fred Savage saunters up , peels off his mole , and says , “ Get lost , Paul , Winnie ’s mine , ” and you ’re left standing there while the two of them go off dancing to the soundtrack from Forrest Gump , and when two hours later she finds you sitting by the punch bowl explaining for the umpteenth time that , no , you ’re not supposed to be Woody Allen , she holds up a tie stolen from a passed - out Alex P. Keaton to her petticoat and redubs herself Annie Hall , and you Alvy Singer :
She loves you .
And , to be honest , I sort of love you , too .
If she ever says the words , “ I hate you , ” she loves you .
Or she did at one point , anyway .
If she ’s a zombie :
She loves you , but only for your brains .
If she says , “ I love you ” on the roller coaster , right after you ’ve puked down your shirt :
She loves you .
If you go to a karaoke bar with friends and do a duet of “ Endless Love , ” and she insists on doing the Lionel Richie part if only so she can really belt out a big “ Ooh whoa ” near the end , and when you ’re done she announces you to the crowd as “ Miss Diana Ross , everybody , ” and then gives you a high - five :
She loves you .
If she plays pointedly with strangers ’ babies at the park , intermittently looking over to you with an expression that says , “ See ? ” : She loves you .
If her parents love you :
She loves you , probably .
If her parents hate you :
She might love you , too .
If she ’s the youngest of four sisters , two of whom are lesbians , the third a nun , and the first time you meet her father he pulls you away from his wife ’s gingersnaps and homemade iced tea to check out the vintage “ titty mags ” he keeps hidden underneath a bench in the six - by - four corner of the basement he calls his workshop , the only place in the house not painted lavender and decorated with images of kittens and / or sunflowers , and every few pages he points out a particularly luxuriant pubis , and when you concur — “ Sweet ” — he smacks you heartily on the back and before you know it he ’s calling you “ Son ” and have you ever fished for pike up north ?
Because he ’s got a cabin .
What of this ?
Well , her dad sure as hell loves you .
Welcome to the family !
If she ever says the words , “ I hate you ” :
She loves you .
Or she did at one point , anyway .
If she loves you , if she really loves you , you ’ll know it .
If you can wake up to her staring at you and it ’s not even mildly creepy , if you catch her smelling the shoulder of the hooded sweatshirt you lent her for an autumn walk at the beach , and not for B.O. , if she makes you a pancake in the shape of a shark , if she calls you drunkenly at four in the morning “ to talk , ” if she laughs at your jokes when they ’re funny and makes fun of you when they ’re not , if she keeps her fridge stocked with Guinness tallboys for when you come over , if she tells you how she wishes she were closer to her sister and that her dad makes her sad :
She loves you , of course she loves you .
And with a love like that , you know you should be glad .
Picture of 100 ft - long ' snake ' sparks fears of mythical monster in Borneo
According to legend , the Nabau was a terrifying snake more than 100ft in length and with a dragon 's head and seven nostrils .
But now local villagers living along the Baleh river in Borneo believe the mythical creature has returned after this photo of a gigantic snake swimming along the remote waterways has emerged .
The picture , taken by a member of a disaster team monitoring flood regions by helicopter , has sparked a huge debate about whether the photos are genuine or merely the work of photo - editing software .
Borneo's Nessie :
The image that sparked fears a giant serpent was stalking the river Baleh
Even the respected New Straits Times newspaper in Kuala Lumpur has asked readers to make up their own minds about the photos .
Villagers who claim to have seen the snake say they have given it the name of Nabau , after an ancient sea serpent which can transform itself into the shapes of different animals .
People who have studied the photograph of the shape taken from the air have dismissed suggestions that it 's a log .
As one writer asked : ' A log can't be that winding , can it ? '
Others have suggested it's a speedboat , but this has been dismissed because of the twisting wake .
The most common accusation is that the photo has simply been manipulated on a computer , while others complain that the river is a different colour to the real Baleh rover which is a murky brown .
Mythical : A second frame appears to show something snake - like in the water off a remote village
But villagers who insist the snake exists say that photos of the creature being taken in different parts of the river prove it is swimming about .
Earlier this month scientists unearthed the fossil of a killer snake that was longer than a bus , as heavy as a small car and which could swallow an animal the size of a cow .
The 45ft long monster - named Titanoboa - was so big that it lived on a diet of crocodiles and giant turtles , squeezing them to death and devouring them whole .
Weighing an impressive 1.25 tons , it slithered around the tropical forests of South America 60 million years ago , just five million years after the last dinosaurs were wiped out .
Partial skeletons of the boa constrictor - like prehistoric killer were found in a Colombian coal mine by an international team of fossil hunters .
( Please Note : Since first posting this piece , some claims asserted in the Ames / Levine post cited herein have been responded to in a way that makes my initial reading of that article less certain .
To reflect that , I have revised the title to include a " ? " , added an UPDATE section at the bottom of the post , and included in - line links to that update section where relevant .
Some questions were answered , some new questions have emerged , and so the conversation has grown .
-- ed. )
Populist revolt against the U.S. government is all the rage in the Republican Party , these days .
As they tell the story , the public is so outraged by the recovery and reinvestment efforts of the Obama administration that Americans everywhere are turning out to overthrow the tyrannical king of the federal government by re-enacting the Boston Tea Party .
Funny thing , though : it turns out this whole " populist " movement was a planned PR stunt funded by big - money right - wing backers of the GOP who specialize in faking grassroots movements to drum up opposition to Barack Obama .
Everything about this so called " Tea Party " movement was pre-planned - - from the supposedly " spontaneous rant " of CNBC stock market reporter , Rick Santelli , to the presumed ground - level organizing of protests all over the country .
Fake , fake , fake -- like a product launch staged covertly to look like a spontaneous trend .
( please UPDATE below )
Playboy bloggers Mark Ames and Yasha Levine pulled together all the pieces of this puzzle in an incredible expose ( Exposing The Rightwing PR Machine ) :
What has n’t been reported until now is evidence linking Santelli ’s “ tea party ” rant with some very familiar names in the Republican rightwing machine , from PR operatives who specialize in imitation - grassroots PR campaigns ( called “ astroturfing ” ) to bigwig politicians and notorious billionaire funders .
As veteran Russia reporters , both of us spent years watching the Kremlin use fake grassroots movements to influence and control the political landscape .
To us , the uncanny speed and direction the movement took and the players involved in promoting it had a strangely forced quality to it .
If it seemed scripted , that 's because it was .
What we discovered is that Santelli ’s “ rant ” was not at all spontaneous as his alleged fans claim , but rather it was a carefully - planned trigger for the anti-Obama campaign .
In PR terms , his February 19th call for a “ Chicago Tea Party ” was the launch event of a carefully organized and sophisticated PR campaign , one in which Santelli served as a frontman , using the CNBC airwaves for publicity , for the some of the craziest and sleaziest rightwing oligarch clans this country has ever produced .
Namely , the Koch family , the multibilllionaire owners of the largest private corporation in America , and funders of scores of rightwing thinktanks and advocacy groups , from the Cato Institute and Reason Magazine to FreedomWorks .
The scion of the Koch family , Fred Koch , was a co-founder of the notorious extremist - rightwing John Birch Society .
It helps , in other words , to have field experience ferreting out Soviet propaganda to understand how Rick Santelli suddenly became the figurehead of a right - wing " grassroots " revolt against the United States government .
It is worth reading the entire post .
The next time you hear that the Tea Party Republican revolt is " grassroots , " " spontaneous , " and " populist , " just swap out those PR keywords for the more accurate terms : " planned , " " scripted , " " billionaire bigwigs . "
All of this makes sense , of course .
Santelli's philippic had all the hallmarks of a rehearsed piece of political theater -- the pre-planned message launched of a viral marketing campaign .
( please UPDATE below )
Not that any of this comes as a surprise , but ... my goodness .
Even though the curtain has been pulled back on this astroturf marketing by GOP megabucks elite backers , it is important to keep in mind what the larger stakes are and how to respond .
Scripted or not -- this Tea Party revolt needs to be treated as politically real .
People engaged in this agitation will not acknowledge ever that it is scripted , because these folks sincerely think they are engaged in some kind of revolution against their own government .
They really want the country to evaluate whether or not an elected President and Congress are the same as a tyrannical king and whether a tax by fiat from the 18c is the same as a legislature approved public investment program from the 21 c .
Those folks just want to make noise -- lots of noise -- to throw the debate off its tracks .
The big story to defend and advance , in other words , is a president advancing real solutions aimed at helping millions of Americans in serious economic trouble .
The agitation against it , whether it is scripted or not , is designed to stop those solutions from being discussed seriously , from unfolding , and then to weaken the president making them happen .
That is a basic confrontation between pragmatic action and ideological politics -- between investment in people and inaction in the name of dogma .
In the end , then , we need to make themselves aware of the massive resources the right is spending to block any effort by the American people to work together to repair the damage to our economy and restore our national confidence .
And after we have made ourselves aware of how far the opposition is willing to go , we need to get back to work making sure the debate states focused on the real issue at hand here : millions and millions families who need help right now , and the greatness of a nation that stands together in times of need to overcome seemingly impossible obstacles .
: This Story Has Grown ( 3.3.09 )
Well , that was fast : this story , less than a week old , seems way out of date .
Among other things , there have been lots of answers to the claims posed in the Ames / Levine piece that it warrants opening up my initial title to a bigger question about what exactly happened .
First and foremost , I have added a question mark ( " ? " ) to the end of the post title to reflect how this story has grown since I first posted about the Ames / Levine piece on Rick Santelli .
Here is the list of events that I think are relevant for everyone to know :
1. Santelli finally made a statement about this whole thing here .
This is his first paragraph :
First of all let me be clear that I have NO affiliation or association with any of the websites or related tea party movements that have popped up as a result of my comments on February 19th , or to the best of my knowledge any of the people who organized the websites or movements .
By the way of background , I am not and never have been a stockbroker .
Not that there is anything wrong with being a stockbroker .
The home I have lived in for 20 years is a 2,500 - square foot ranch .
Not that there is anything wrong with owning a larger , grander house .
I am currently an on air editor with CNBC .
Prior to my 10 years in this capacity I was a member in good standing on both the Chicago Futures Exchanges .
My career in the futures industry spanned 20 years .
Seems like an answer , although I wish he had not used the phrase ' to the best of my knowledge ' -- which makes him sound like he talked to a lawyer first .
When people deny that they knew someone or were involved in something ' to the best of my knowledge , ' that typically means they are concerned about accidentally committing perjury if a fact comes out later that shows they were in fact involved .
Does that mean Santelli might have been involved in something without knowing it ?
I have no idea ; I am not an attorney .
It could be that Santelli just adds that sentence as a routine part of insulating himself from accusations of financial conflicts of interests .
Since he reports from a trading floor , that kind of legalese could just be routine .
So , Santelli has spoken and that is where it ended up .
2 . Whether or not CNBC actually asked Santelli if he was involved in any organizing is the obvious question .
As a result of filing that exact query , the Columbia School of Journalism 's blog Full Court Press ( FCP ) posted the following exchange they had with CNBC spokesman Brian Steel :
All this led Mark Ames and Yasha Levine to speculate at playboy.com that Santelli ’s fifteen minutes were actually part of a right - wing Republican disinformation campaign to undermine Obama ’s efforts to rescue the economy .
Asked about this charge by FCP , CNBC spokesman Brian Steel sent an e-mail saying , “ Rick Santelli ’s comment clearly struck a nerve among a large portion of American citizens and sparked a debate which is something Rick has done for more than a decade as a commentator on CNBC .
To try to make anything more of his comment than that is ridiculous and without basis in fact . ”
FCP e-mailed back , “ On the record : was he asked by his bosses if he was part of a larger organized effort ?
What “ news ” purpose was served by repeating this rant over and over again on CNBC , and promoting him ( and it ) on the Today Show ? ”
“ We do n’t comment on internal CNBC discussions , ” Steel replied .
Then , although FCP had specified that it was only interested in an on - the - record response , he added : “ Off the record it strikes me that my first answer is unquivocal [ sic ] and should answer all your questions .
Also off the record I am curious as to why CJR has written about it at least three times particularly since each time your readers via the comments section of your website have overwhelming disgreed [ sic ] with your views .
It seems as if you are both tone deaf and hypocritcal [ sic ] . ”
So much for asking follow - up questions in the world of cable news .
Once the accusations of ' hypocrisy ' come out , that tends to be a sign that nobody wants to have a grown - up conversation anymore .
Steel is clearly doing his job , which is to spread the chosen message that Santelli 's performance was consistent with his long history of making statements that spark widespread debate amongst American citizens .
In all fairness to Steel trying to get out CNBC 's message , the only example of Santelli sparking debate I can think of is the time he called for ' Tea Parties ' last week .
So CNBC should probably issue a list of debates Santelli sparked if they want that message to take .
3. Playboy took down the Ames / Levine post ( as of Mar 2 , from what I can tell ) .
They have not issued any kind of statement .
4. Ames and Levine are sticking by their story , following up with a not - so - subtle piece titled CNBC Bitch - Slaps Santelli Into Line , FreedomWorks Admits It Organized “ Grassroots ” Tea Parties , Jon Stewart Cancels Santelli & Megan McArdle Queefs On Our Founding Fathers .
5 . Among other things , the Ames - Levine follow - up piece cites an AP article that they say backs up their initial claims .
The provide a link to a Star - Tribune article titled CNBC Says Ranting Rick Santelli is not Affiliated with Political Site that Uses his Name ( David Bauer , Mar 2 , 2009 ) .
The article goes on to desccribe how the site reateaparty .com included enough references to Santelli for readers to conclue that Santelli was involved with the group -- right up to an ' About Rick Santelli ' page , but took down all the references when asked to do so by CNBC .
So , what can we conclude thus far ?
The Tea Party folks would have us conclude that anyone who asked these questions about Santelli ( me , for example ) is an idiot leftie .
No surprise about that reaction , but there is more to be said .
In particular , I still wonder about two missing pieces of information : ( 1 ) why did Playboy take down the original post and ( 2 ) why did Santelli use the phrase ' to the best of my knowledge ' in is rebuttal .
It seems fair to wonder about those things , given that the debate supposedly sparked by all this has led to cries of anti-government revolution ( no small thing ) .
To speculate on the first : Playboy probably took it down for fear of a boycott or of being sued or both .
Despite the racy content of the magazine , Playboy is still a relative newcomer to the world of political blogging .
They likely decided to just pull back and wait this thing out .
To speculate on the second : Santelli probably said ' to the best of my knowledge ' because CNBC advised him to -- which is perfectly legal , logical , reasonable , etc .
And CNBC probably advised him to say it because they had not yet figured out if Santelli was really involved with any of the sites that seemed to claim him as a participant .
CNBC then got to work examining all the free marketing they received as a result of Santelli 's performance , putting Santelli and their brand back in the bottle as much as they could ( which is their legal right ) , and pushing back against questions from bloggers and journalists who were wondering ( also fairly ) about those connections .
And that brings us up to date .
On Tuesday , President Obama is set to sign the Economic Stimulus Bill in Denver .
Passed largely without Republican support , the Stimulus Bill is a package of tax cuts and spending totaling $ 787 billion .
[ social_buttons ]
Over the weekend , Obama called congressional approval of the Economic Stimulus Bill a “ major milestone on our road to recovery , ” but Republicans have been spreading rumors and crying foul to discredit the legislation .
Here are two rumored environmental projects NOT earmarked in the 1000 page Stimulus Bill :
$ 8 billion for a High Speed Rail from LA to Las Vegas
The truth is that $ 8 billion has been included in the Economic Stimulus Bill for unspecified high - speed and intercity passenger rail projects .
Harry Reid , D - NV , has proposed an Anaheim - to - Las Vegas high - speed rail , but this specific project is not earmarked in the Stimulus Bill , even though Republicans have tried to confuse the public on the issue .
According to the LA Times :
“ Tell me how spending $ 8 billion in this bill to have a high - speed rail line between Los Angeles and Las Vegas is going to help the construction worker in my district , ” House Minority Leader John A. Boehner of Ohio complained as he and all his fellow Republicans voted against the stimulus .
Republicans cited the rail project in accusing Democrats of breaking their word to keep the bill free of pet projects .
“ It ’s not just specifically for us , ” said Bruce Aguilera , chairman of the California - Nevada Super Speed Train Commission , but this project will be vying for the money on a competitive basis with other HSR projects .
California officials will also seek $ 2 billion for an Anaheim - to - San Francisco high speed train that could travel up to 220 mph and was approved by voters .
$ 30 Million to Save the Bay Area Salt Marsh Harvest Mouse
Major news organizations , such as CNN and the Washington Post , fell for this rumored Stimulus Plan project credited to Nancy Pelosi , D - CA .
Started by Michael Steel , a spokesman for House Minority Leader John Boehner , R- OH , this rumor began in an email in which he wrote about the Stimulus Bill , “ Thirty million dollars for wetland restoration in the San Francisco Bay Area — including work to protect the salt marsh harvest mouse . ”
Once major news organizations took off with the story , Steel himself corrected his statement :
There is no language in the bill that says this money will go to this project .
There are large pots of money in the bill that go to various agencies .
One of those agencies said the salt marsh harvest mouse project is something we ’d do if you gave us the money .
Pelosi spokesman Drew Hamill stated she did not lobby for money to protect the mouse be included in the Stimulus Bill .
The $ 30 million figure originated with a recommendation from the California Coastal Conservancy , a state agency , with “ shovel ready ” projects that could be funded by the Stimulus Bill .
The California Coastal Conservancy wish list includes five major ongoing wetlands restoration projects totaling nearly 4,000 acres , and yes , protecting the endangered mouse is included in these projects .
Other species that could benefit from these projects are salmon , steelhead trout , ducks , and egrets .
The Army Corps of Engineers will decide what projects are completed under the Stimulus Bill .
Ironically , the marshes in question are not even in Pelosi ’s district .
Both of these rumored pet projects attacked powerful Democrats in Congress and were started by Republicans wishing to undermine the Economic Stimulus Bill .
Ridiculing environmental projects without telling the whole story is misleading .
Drew Hammill summed it up best , “ You can say it ’s about a worm or you can say it ’s about a turtle or you could say it ’s about clean water , a better environment and creating jobs . ”
Could the high speed rail from LA to Las Vegas or the salt marsh harvest mouse benefit from the Economic Stimulus Bill ?
It ’s possible , but focusing on these projects does n’t tell the whole story of how the environment and our economy may benefit from the package .
Image : iep.ca.gov
A prominent national gay rights organization on Tuesday blasted Colorado state Sen .
Scott Renfroe for comparing homosexuality to murder when he spoke Monday against a bill that would extend health benefits to same - sex domestic partners of state employees .
After quoting Scripture to call homosexual behavior a “ detestable act , ” the Greeley Republican said it would be “ an abomination according to Scripture ” for the Legislature to “ ( take ) sins and ( make ) them to be legally OK . ”
He continued : “ I ’m not saying ( homosexuality ) is the only sin that is out there .
Obviously we have sin — we have murder , we have , we have all sorts of sin , we have adultery , and we do n’t make laws making those legal , and we would never think to make murder legal . ”
“ These outrageously offensive comments warrant condemnation by all fair - minded people and should be ignored by the Colorado legislature as they move forward in passing overdue protections to state workers , ” said Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign ( HRC ) , in a statement .
HRC , which bills itself as the nation ’s “ largest civil rights organization working to achieve lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality , ” urged Renfroe ’s colleagues to “ press ahead and protect hard - working Coloradoans ” by passing the same - sex benefits bill .
The liberal activist group , ProgressNow Colorado , launched an email rapid response action to “ tell Scott Renfroe what you think ” and a “ Reject Renfroe ” Facebook page within hours of the speech going public .
The state Senate passed SB 88 — sponsored by the Legislature ’s two openly gay members , Sen. Jennifer Veiga and Rep. Mark Ferrandino , both Denver Democrats — on a voice vote after Renfroe spoke , and then gave final approval to the bill Tuesday morning by a margin of 22 - 12 , with Republican Sens.
Ken Kester and Al White joining Democrats voting in favor .
The bill moves on to the House for consideration .
The bill , which also came under fire from Focus on the Family in an advertising campaign last week , roused Renfroe to pull out a Bible and thump it during debate Monday .
After first establishing that God created Eve to be Adam ’s “ helper , ” Renfroe explained why he opposed extending health care benefits to gay and lesbian partners of state employees :
Homosexuality is seen as a violation of this natural , created order and it is an offense to God , the Creator , who created men and women , male and female , for procreation .
Then came some passages from the Bible :
Leviticus 18:22 says , “ You shall not lie with a man as one lies with a female , it is an abomination . ”
and
Leviticus 20:13 says , “ If there is a man who lies with a male as those who lie with a woman , both of them have committed a detestable act and they shall surely be put to death .
Their blood guiltiness is upon them . ”
Pretty standard stuff .
But then Renfroe , explained why he believes government should n’t be “ [ creating ] laws that go against what Biblically we are supposed to stand for ” by “ taking sins and making them to be legally OK . ”
That ’s what caught the attention of the HRC ( emphasis added ) :
I ’m not saying ( homosexuality ) is the only sin that is out there .
Obviously we have sin — we have murder , we have , we have all sorts of sin , we have adultery , and we do n’t make laws making those legal , and we would never think to make murder legal .
But what I ’m saying that for is that all sin is equal .
That sin there is as equal to any other sin that ’s in the Bible , to having wandering eyes , to coveting your neighbor ’s things .
Whatever you do , that sin is equal and it can be forgiven because of that .
The bill ’s Senate sponsor fired back :
“ You say , up here at this microphone , that God created us in a certain structure , ” Veiga said .
“ I will stand here today and tell you that God also created me .
And the last time I checked , I am who I am , people . ”
Veiga called Renfroe ’s comments “ somewhat sad ” and said afterward that “ ( his statements ) are hurtful , but what am I supposed to say ? ”
Before it passed , the bill also drew opposition from Republicans who said it was an attempt to circumvent voters , who shot down a ballot measure that would have established civil unions in 2006 .
Others said the state ca n’t afford the estimated $ 116,000 annual cost when the Legislature is facing budget shortfalls estimated as high as $ 1 billion next year .
Renfroe and Veiga were scheduled to appear on the Caplis and Silverman show on 630 KHOW in the 5 o’clock hour Tuesday .
On the other side of the Capitol , the House gave final approval Tuesday to a bill sponsored by Ferrandino that would make it easier for unmarried couples — both gay and straight — to designate each other as beneficiaries , the Rocky Mountain News reports .
And across town Monday night , the Aurora City Council approved a bill to allow city employees to add same - sex domestic partners to their health coverage .
In an unexpected move , the City Council added opposite - sex domestic partners to the proposal and passed it on a 7 - 3 vote .
Most of the time , trying to be productive is pointless .
In fact , it ’s a big , fat waste of time .
It ’s kind of lame when time management ( productivity techniques & hacks ) ends up killing your time , huh ?
Here ’s why this happens …
For a long time I ’ve thought about why people are so crazy about productivity .
I ’ve wondered why I am so concerned with accomplishing and completing .
I mean , when you get to the point of looking for more time - efficient ways to fold underwear , you might have a problem .
So why does productivity matter , anyway ?
What ’s so important about achieving ?
The answer … not much .
The feeling of needing to accomplish something stems from dissatisfaction with the present .
With this mindset , the whole idea of achieving is to become something .
On the surface , it may seem like you ’re doing something positive , but there ’s a subtle undercurrent of rejection of what is .
Rejection of yourself .
Here are just a few of the things wrong with our definition of productivity :
Getting things done is associated with doing things you must do , out of a sense of drudgery .
Productivity is often related to filling quotas .
It ’s about how much you can do , not necessarily what you ’re doing , or whether it really matters .
.
It ’s about how much you can do , not necessarily what you ’re doing , or whether it really matters .
The whole notion of being more productive is doing more things in an equal amount of time .
Being too preoccupied with this makes it easy to lose sense of what ’s important .
It ’s easy to have a productivity meltdown .
It ’s completely time - based .
It ’s about measuring , quantifying and analyzing data .
Productivity does a very poor job of taking into account things that ca n’t be boxed into time bubbles , such as relationships , quality time alone , relaxation , doing nothing ( intentionally ) , and many creative - based pursuits .
Goals and being productive is strongly related to goals that are quantifiable .
If you want to become a better write , you might make a goal to write 1500 words a day .
This might help you become a better writer .
But with goals like this , it ’s so easy to get caught up in reaching the number and let obsession with completing your goal kill your initial passion .
Checking things off a To - Do list is rarely meaningful .
Would you qualify volunteering your time to a worthy cause , giving food to a homeless person , or doing a good deed as “ getting things done ” ?
Aiming to be productive usually does n’t involve an inside out approach .
It ’s associated with tolerating life , instead of living passionately .
Getting by , rather than really living .
I know what you ’re thinking …
Does this mean productivity is bad ?
Does that mean following your dreams and seeking to accomplish is wrong .
Of course not .
It ’s just that some things are really hard to schedule .
And when you try to , it ’s completely ruined .
Can you really schedule a time limit of quality time with your spouse ?
Can you schedule following an unexpected route to solving a creative problem ?
Can you set a timer for how much time you allow yourself to explore possibilities ?
Can you program daydreaming and spacing out in your day planner ?
And if you do program it , does n’t that completely kill it ?
Aiming to be productive is the wrong way of going about it .
If you follow your heart and align yourself with what you hold most dear , productivity becomes irrelevant .
You ’ll achieve , but you ’re not wrapped up in it .
Your identity is n’t caught up in whether or not you cross everything off your To - Do list .
Your happiness is based on how much you enjoy what you ’re doing , rather than completing X number of tasks .
Where we got off track
Think about it for a second :
Has checking a bunch of things off a list ever given you a feeling of intense , lasting joy ?
Or does it make you feel good for a little while until you feel guilty for all of those other things you have yet accomplish ?
Where we really get off track is by trying to use productivity as a tool for too big of a job .
Imagine building a house , simply aiming to get it built really fast .
That would be pretty stupid .
You ’d neglect the reason for building it , the design of the home , location , and the purpose the structure serves .
Aiming to be productive is fine , but you probably wo n’t have to worry much about that if you really love the blueprint and really love building homes in the first place .
If you ’ve got that part sorted out , you ’ll naturally be highly motivated and productivity becomes irrelevant .
De-conditioning
So what does this all mean ?
It means productivity is secondary .
It ’s the end result of doing what you love and living authentically .
Trying to be productive becomes pointless when you live authentically .
Things just flow naturally .
Sure , you may have to eliminate distractions , develop focus , organize , etc .
Those things at first glance seem like tools of productivity .
But they ’re really not .
They ’re just the static you need to remove to live authentically .
All these obstacles are n’t getting in the way of being productive .
I saw life that way for a long time and kept getting mediocre results .
It ’s a broken model .
What these obstacles are really getting in the way of is you doing what you feel matters ; what you feel will make this planet a little better than when you got here .
When you really get down to it , the noise and distractions are n’t really obstacles at all .
They ’re actually there to help you see what ’s true for you and what ’s not .
They are a means to contrast , something to show you what does n’t matter , so that you might know what is truly important .
Obstacles are there to help your spirit grow .
Being productive can be nice .
It ’s great to have something to aim for and a goal you want to achieve .
But the achievement is always secondary .
What matters most is that you are following the call of your heart .
In this way , you find that being productive does n’t really matter at all .
You do n’t even think about it , because that ’s just what happens when you you live authentically .
You ’re not preoccupied with how much you achieve , because you ’ve stopped caring about that .
You stop caring about always being intent on arriving .
You do n’t just bite two ends of a banana .
You savor the whole thing .
You ’re actually there when things are happening , instead of thinking about what you ’ll achieve next .
Then something awesome happens : Actually being where you are , completely transforms your entire experience of everything .
You realize that your dissatisfaction was n’t caused by things being the way you wanted externally .
It was n’t the pounds you had n’t yet dropped , the career you had n’t yet landed .
It was your resistance to what exists , right now .
If you ’re fighting the universe , who do you think is going to win ?
No more wasted time
So , what you do instead is follow your natural rhythms .
You live in alignment with what you love doing .
You ’re there , completely .
Maybe being more productive is n’t the answer .
Maybe what matters most is transforming not our resume but our consciousness .
Deriving our joy not from arriving , but from moving in the direction of our heart .
Finding satisfaction in each step , and beauty in the messy business of living .
Bliss in the movement toward our dreams .
It ’s kind of funny actually , like a cosmic joke .
The very thing that ’s supposed to save you time — being more productive and doing things faster — ends up being the biggest waste of time .
But it ’s more than that …
In reality , the only reason we squeeze and strain ourselves to be productive , is because we ’re afraid of being honest with ourselves .
Living authentically is scary as hell .
More often than not our hurry to get busy is a cover up for our inability to get real and stop living a lie .
It ’s time to stop putting off liberating yourself .
Perpetual waiting is a serious illness .
And I think it ’s time to detox .
Sharing is caring !
Facing yawning budget gaps , California ’s public universities are shifting thousands of applicants into a community college system already swamped by newly unemployed adults and students priced out of other schools .
By holding down enrollment , the shift would help balance budgets at UC and CSU campuses .
But officials say the move seems likely to worsen problems at the state ’s 110 two - year campuses , many of which already face budget shortfalls that have them chopping courses , laying off part - time faculty and cramming classrooms so full that students have to perch on windowsills .
“ We hope to serve as many students as we can get in , but we ’re near the breaking point , ” said Jack Scott , statewide chancellor of the California community college system .
In particular , many educators fear that an influx of new students will further reduce the ability of many community colleges to prepare students for transfer to four - year schools .
The more savvy newcomers may shove aside some of the existing 2.5 million community college students , who are struggling to work toward a university degree from the bargain - priced , but strained , two - year system , officials say .
Advertisement
The concerns are the more pressing because two - thirds of the state ’s college students , and most of the African Americans and Latinos , are at the two - year campuses .
Even before absorbing displaced university students , California ’s community colleges are projected to grow at least 4 % this year , according to the state Legislative Analyst ’s Office .
A number of colleges say their enrollment may rise by up to 10 % .
If students cannot get the classes they need to be eligible for transfer to a four - year college , they could become discouraged and drop out , educators worry .
The San Diego Community College District , for instance , had almost 8,000 students on waiting lists for one or more classes before the current semester even began , said Lynn Neault , vice chancellor of student services .
The classroom glut , Neault said , is unprecedented .
Advertisement
Ophelia Walker , who recently returned to school to work on her registered nursing degree at Los Angeles Harbor College in Wilmington , was surprised to find that every science course she needed was closed to new students .
“ I ’m not too old , but time is very valuable to me right now , ” Walker , 33 , a Carson resident and licensed vocational nurse , said last week .
“ I do n’t need to waste it . ”
The reasons for community colleges ’ relatively low transfer rates are hotly debated .
Two - year campuses serve many masters : returning adults , vocational education students , English learners , slackers trying to put off working and residents looking for a yoga class -- or a girlfriend .
Not everybody plans to move on to a four - year college .
Community college officials say that 40 % of students who are serious about transferring manage to do it .
But the Public Policy Institute of California , in a 2006 study , found that only about 25 % of the students who are focused on transferring actually make it .
Advertisement
For many students , trying to assemble transfer credits is like entering a looking - glass world where little is as it seems .
Comp 101 might be a prerequisite for transferring to Cal Poly Pomona but not to Cal State Long Beach , a requirement for English majors but not rhetoric students , good enough for the Cal State system but not for UC , or vice versa .
In addition , the requirements for a student to earn an associate of arts degree and to be eligible to transfer to a four - year school are not necessarily interchangeable .
And financial aid is yet another bewildering , highly bureaucratic , thicket .
“ Students are enrolled in the wrong courses in order to transfer , they ’re taking courses without sufficient guidance and they do n’t know the process or calendar by which you get things accomplished , ” said Marc Cutright , director of the Center for Higher Education at the University of North Texas , who is also on the staff of a new institute there dedicated to the study of transfer students .
“ It ’s a bureaucratic perfect storm , ” agreed Estela Mara Bensimon , director of USC ’s Center for Urban Education , who has studied community college transfers .
Advertisement
Many schools that do better at easing the university pathway have transfer centers and counseling staffs to help students navigate the maze of requirements .
But counselors are in short supply at many community colleges , experts have found .
The faculty senate for the California Community Colleges recommends a ratio of 370 students for each counselor .
The actual ratios run as high as 1,700 to 1 , said USC education professor Alicia Dowd , who participated in the transfer study with Bensimon .
It ’s no coincidence that Santa Monica College , which has the highest UC transfer rates of any community college , also has one of the biggest counseling staffs , with 60 full - time and 40 part - time advisors , said Dan Nannini , coordinator of the college ’s transfer center .
“ We put a lot of resources into counseling , ” Nannini said .
“ It ’s absolutely integral to students ’ understanding the process , and getting the right information so they ’re eligible for transfer , and also for confidence purposes . ”
Advertisement
In recent years , both Cal State and UC have tried to improve the transfer pipeline , accepting higher numbers of community college students through priority admissions and contracts in which the requirements for transfer are spelled out .
Susan Wilbur , UC ’s systemwide director of admissions , said UC President Mark G. Yudof has ordered a study of how to smooth the transfer route .
“ It ’s incumbent on us . . . to make sure these students are not lost during this difficult time , ” she said .
Cal State Chancellor Charles B. Reed also has made the issue a focus .
But “ will there be enough slots ? ” asked Stephen Handel , director of community college initiatives for the New York - based College Board .
“ If California continues in rough shape , obviously all bets are off . ”
Increasingly , such schools as Los Angeles Trade - Tech Community College are telling students that four - year degrees are necessary , even for technical jobs .
Advertisement
On a recent afternoon , David Esparza , Trade - Tech ’s transfer center director , counseled Rochelle Bullette , 45 , a culinary arts student who wants to attend Cal State to become a dietitian .
“ She came here for culinary arts and decided it was n’t enough , ” Esparza explained .
Bullette , dressed in a white chef ’s jacket , laughed , rubbing imaginary bills between the fingers of both hands .
“ You decided you want more money ? ” she was asked .
Bullette nodded yes .
“ I ’m going to keep it real , ” she said .
Like many community college students , Bullette has hopscotched around community colleges in the Los Angeles area .
“ I started off with business , accounting , ” she said .
“ Then I went to Southwest [ Los Angeles College ] .
I do n’t know what I was doing at Southwest .
Then I came here and it stuck . ”
Campus - shopping will increase as students shut out of classes at one location sign up at another , complicating their journey , experts said .
Advertisement
Esparza studied a printout of Bullette ’s academic record .
“ You ’re going to have a big block to transfer , ” he said .
“ Is that good ? ” she asked .
Esparza assured her it was .
“ Yay !
Yay !
Yay ! ” she said , punctuating each cheer with a fist pump .
The transfer center director said it is not unusual to see students who do n’t realize they are close to accumulating enough units to be able to transfer .
“ I just saw a student with 87 transferable units , close to 100 overall , ” far more than the 60 required .
“ He never spoke to a counselor at all ” before , Esparza said .
Advertisement
Omari Trice , 30 , transferred from Trade - Tech to UCLA .
Now , he counsels Trade - Tech students about how to follow a similar path .
Even more than information , they need support , he said .
“ Students who come to two - year colleges generally do n’t think they can make it , ” Trice said .
“ I dispel certain myths about transferring : ‘ UCLA is made for white people . ’
‘ I ’ll never make it there . ’
‘ I ca n’t possibly pay for it . ’
It ’s a social ceiling . ”
Trice almost got lost in the eddies of his own transfer journey .
He received a photography certificate from Trade - Tech but was disappointed by how little it helped in the job market , he said .
After visiting Africa with Habitat for Humanity , he returned to the community college and then transferred to UCLA , where he is majoring in black history .
“ The sky ’s the limit , ” he said .
Advertisement
--
gale.holland@latimes.com
Unfortunately , it 's almost impossible to fully appreciate the collapse of a system if you are inside it .
Like the proverbial turkey being fattened for Thanksgiving , the steady meals and constant verbal assurances from the farmer obscures reality until the very last moment .
The moment when the man with knife arrives .
The Harvard Law students defending accused file - swapper Joel Tenenbaum are doing their best to turn his upcoming trial into a media event , but when it comes to pure spectacle , they have nothing on The Pirate Bay .
The Swedish trial against the notorious BitTorrent tracker opens next Monday , and it will come complete with live streamed audio from the courtroom , a Twitter feed , a translation service , and a city bus currently being driven from Belgrade to Stockholm .
The folks on trial are referring to the event as a " spectrial , " a combination of " spectacle " and " trial , " and there 's little doubt it will be .
The Pirate Bay backers are on trial for secondary copyright infringement in a case that has been building for several years .
The trial begins on February 16 and is slated to go through March 4 , with everyone from The Pirate Bay 's young backers to the head of the IFPI taking the stand to give evidence .
In the middle of it all , on February 20 , a " HUGE PARTY " is scheduled .
Public broadcaster SVT will stream audio of the trial , though video recordings from the courtroom are not allowed .
The case will ( obviously ) be held in Swedish , with translation services offered to English - speaking witnesses , but The Pirate Bay wants to make the trial even more accessible to a wider audience .
" Of course , this is not enough for us , " they write on their new trial - tracking website .
" By the help of some friends , we will set up a translated and commentated stream .
We will also discuss the trial with famous and / or interesting guests . "
No word yet on how this will work or how to access it .
The Pirate Bay also hopes to set up a media center outside the courtroom , though with a twist — the center will be a city bus .
The bus , called S23K , is currently wending its way through Poland ( you can track its progress online ) , facing various and sundry crises such as gas stations that do n't accept euros .
In Gdansk , the bus will take a ferry up to northern Sweden , and it is scheduled to arrive in Stockholm before the trial begins .
Once there , it will be parked somewhere near the courthouse and " it will be used to intensify the spectacle , among other things functioning as a press center for The Pirate Bay and Piratbyr�n and as a physical gathering place for sympathisers and curious people . "
Somewhat oddly , the HUGE PARTY and the bus trip have both been underwritten by donations .
Paying to purchase content is right out , of course , but there 's a good list of people willing to pony up for both beer and a Belgrade city bus .
Of course , there 's also a big press conference scheduled for Sunday , though The Pirate Bay wo n't speak to just anybody .
Models of upright social behavior themselves , the site 's backers can't waste their time with " people who really just ca n’t behave . "
They also " do not speak with assholes , " and reserve the right to deny press conference access to anyone " just having [ a ] bad attitude . "
Clear enough ?
With the help of Web streaming , bloggers , Twitter feeds ( # spectrial ) , IRC channels , websites , and one piratical bus , The Pirate Bay is set to fight The Man , but the Swedish establishment and the music business have been preparing for this day for year .
Will they at last be able to sink The Pirate Bay ?
The founders thumb their noses at the majesty of the law , of course ; even if found guilty , they have no plans to shut down The Pirate Bay 's global network of servers .
Late update : IFPI , music 's global trade group , has issued a statement of its own on the upcoming trial .
John Kennedy , the group 's chairman ( and someone scheduled to testify in Stockholm in a couple weeks ) , said , " The evidence in this case will show that The Pirate Bay is a commercial business which made substantial amounts of money for its operators , despite their claim to be only interested in spreading culture for free . "
" A healthy and fairly - rewarded music sector needs protecting from services such as The Pirate Bay .
The criminal prosecution comes at a time of rapid , positive change in the business models of creative industries in Sweden and elsewhere .
Swedish music consumers have a wide range of choices among legitimate digital music services .
These offer great consumer choice while at the same time rewarding and respecting the rights of creators . ”
Urge your legislators to support Assemblyman Tom Ammiano 's marijuana regulation bill !
Let 's end marijuana prohibition in California !
On Monday , February 23 , Assemblyman Tom Ammiano ( D - San Francisco ) introduced groundbreaking legislation that would remove state - level penalties for responsible marijuana use in California .
The bill , A.B. 390 , would not only allow personal use and cultivation of marijuana but would also set up a legal system to tax and regulate it similarly to alcohol .
Using MPP ’s online action center , writing your state representatives is easy .
Just visit the site , enter your contact information , and send your e-mails to your state assembly member and state senator .
You can use one of our pre-written messages , or you can write your own .
Just last week , the legislature approved a budget that significantly increases taxes for almost every Californian and makes deep cuts across many vital services .
With the state ’s imperiled economy , the need to end the costly and ineffective policy of arresting marijuana users and to instead begin taxing California ’s largest cash crop is extraordinarily obvious .
This is the first time that legislation calling for marijuana regulation and taxation has been introduced in California ’s state capitol .
Do n’t miss this opportunity to be a part of California history by supporting A.B. 390 !
You can read more about this bill on our blog .
Thank you for supporting MPP and sensible marijuana policy in California .
Barack Obama is apparently looking to add some Iranians to his list of victims .
Here 's how his administration is dealing with that pesky National Intelligence Estimate that claimed that Iran abandoned its nuclear weapons program in 2003 :
Little more than a year after U.S. spy agencies concluded that Iran had halted work on a nuclear weapon , the Obama administration has made it clear that it believes there is no question that Tehran is seeking the bomb .
In his news conference this week , President Obama went so far as to describe Iran 's " development of a nuclear weapon " before correcting himself to refer to its " pursuit " of weapons capability . [...]
The language reflects the extent to which senior U.S. officials now discount a National Intelligence Estimate issued in November 2007 that was instrumental in derailing U.S. and European efforts to pressure Iran to shut down its nuclear program . [...]
U.S. officials said that although no new evidence had surfaced to undercut the findings of the 2007 estimate , there was growing consensus that it provided a misleading picture and that the country was poised to reach crucial bomb - making milestones this year .
Got that ?
The NIE was taken so seriously that it effectively balked the Bush administration 's attempt to push for an attack on Iran , but the Obama administration is nonetheless determined to toss it aside — even in the absence of any new information that contradicts it .
Which also means that Obama 's repeated overblown claims about Iran 's quest for nuclear weapons were n't anomalies , but the leading edge of a new official policy .
So I 'd say we can safely ignore the smoke Obama was blowing this week about " sitting across the table face to face " with Iran in the next few months .
Given the above , it seems likely that the main purpose of that kind of talk ( and any attendant pro forma follow through ) is to provide the illusion of a good - faith effort at diplomacy , while preparing the way for public acceptance of a military attack on Iran .
The Obama administration is just adopting the tried and true formula that we 've seen most recently in the Bush administration 's push for war with Iraq : pretend to be engaging diplomatically while vastly exaggerating the threat ( by distorting intelligence , among other things ) , further pretend that those diplomatic overtures have failed , and then blame the already - planned assault on the malicious fist - clenching intransigence of the victim .
I 'd assume the eventual attack will be launched by the Israeli branch of the U.S. military , with the usual overt and covert military and diplomatic backing by the United States .
I say that because the Obama administration 's rhetorical buildup and intelligence - molding is happening hand in hand with a marked increase in belligerent statements from Israeli officials , like this :
A senior Israeli diplomat has warned that Israel is ready to launch a military offensive against Iran to prevent it from developing nuclear weapons .
In an interview with The Age , Dan Gillerman , who was Israel 's permanent representative at the United Nations from 2003 until last September , said time for diplomatic efforts to stop Iran acquiring a nuclear capability might have already expired .
" The world cannot afford to live with a nuclear Iran , " Mr Gillerman said .
It 's possible that the Israelis just happen to be ratcheting up their war talk at the same time the Obama administration is spouting alarmist rhetoric and pushing aside the major impediment to war with Iran , of course , but I do n't believe that any more than I believe it was a coincidence that Israel pulled back on its Gaza assault just before Obama 's inauguration .
No , there 's every indication that the U.S. and Israel are cooperating very closely under Obama , and so it seems likely to me that a decision to attack Iran has already been taken and the mutual planning is underway .
( And to be clear , I 'd guess that the Israelis are the ones pushing the hardest — but the U.S. is a willing co-conspirator . )
So barring any major surprises , at this point it 's just a matter of time .
Evidently a few Xboxes are left from the Holidays , because Dell has reduced the price of the Xbox 360 Pro Holiday Bundle to $ 240 — or just $ 40 over the barebones base model .
Advertisement
The bundle includes an Xbox 360 Pro ( that 's the 60 GB hard drive version with one wireless controller ) along with LEGO Indiana Jones and Kung Fu Panda .
This deal is pretty much as low as we 've seen a new Xbox 360 Pro go , so before this post turns into the limbo song , we 'll just tell you to enter code PLDWH47D $ 6BT2J at checkout .
[ Dell via CNET ]
FOR Samwoo
Ee , the first bet was just a warm -up .
Mr. Ee , 30 , worked at an Internet company in SoHo , and had been competing with a colleague to see who could lose more weight .
But they had both stopped going to the gym because of long hours at the office .
In search of more motivation , they turned up the pressure : they entered into a formal one - month wager to see who could cut the higher percentage of their body mass index .
“ It got pretty competitive , ” said Mr. Ee , who weighed 248 at the time .
“ We used to do push - ups every hour in front of each other ’s cubicles .
And he used to leave really good chocolate on my desk . ”
His co-worker , Daniel Fries , won the first month , after losing about 16 pounds to Mr. Ee ’s 10 , and Mr. Ee paid him $ 20 .
Then , Mr. Ee said , “ it got serious . ”
Six co-workers joined them in another weight - loss competition .
“ I told them this was going to be dirty , ” Mr. Ee said .
There were weekly weigh - ins by an outside record keeper .
Mr. Ee finished second in that bet , after losing an additional four pounds .
Along the way , Mr. Ee ’s officemates enjoyed taunting one another with comments like , “ Are you sure you want to eat that bagel ? ” and “ Why do n’t you get a cheeseburger for lunch and I ’ll get a salad ? ”
In an event that 's sure to bring a burst of adrenalin to computer geeks everywhere , the official Unix calendar is about to pass a milestone : exactly 1234567890 seconds since the clock first started ticking .
POSIX is the official a widely used time - keeping method for Unix and is measured in the number of seconds that have passed since January 1 , 1970 at midnight UTC ( not counting leap seconds ) .
It has since been adopted by many other computer systems .
Of course , the milepost wo n't touch off the kind of cyber doomsday many worried about during the Y2 K transition .
Then again , it does bring attention to the vagaries of an overlooked mechanism that 's become the de facto standard for computers everywhere to keep time .
Can this thing continue on forever with no tweaking , or will it eventually need an overhaul ?
( As one commenter has already pointed out , " Systems that use 32 bit signed integers for timestamps will start to fail in 2038 because signed ints use one bit for sign , leaving 31 bits for data .
2^31 is 2147483648 , or approx 68 years . " )
Then there 's the date of the transition : Friday the 13th .
Click here for a countdown to the event , which will hit at exactly 11:31:30 pm UTC . ®
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , February 11 , 2009
The news that Texas officials are working on contingency plans to deal with a sudden influx of illegal aliens following a collapse of the Mexican government has sparked fears that FEMA detention camps , the expansion of which is the subject of current legislation in Congress , are being readied to detain thousands of illegals as well as American citizens .
According to an Elpaso TImes report , “ Texas officials are working on a plan to respond to a potential collapse of the Mexican government and the specter of thousands fleeing north in fear for their lives after recent reports indicated the country could be on the verge of chaos . ”
“ You hope for the best , plan for the worst , ” Katherine Cesinger , spokeswoman for Gov. Rick Perry , said last week .
“ At this point , we ’ve got a contingency plan that ’s in development . ”
Texas Homeland Security Director Steve McCraw stated that a “ preliminary plan ” was in place that dealt only with “ law enforcement concerns ” and did not address “ humanitarian needs ” .
Such a plan is likely to include designated internment locations , including “ national emergency centers ” to be located on military installations for the purpose of to providing “ temporary housing , medical , and humanitarian assistance to individuals and families dislocated due to an emergency or major disaster , ” the expansion of which under FEMA is codified under HR 645 , otherwise known as the National Emergency Centers Act .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Ominously , the bill states that the camps can be used to “ meet other appropriate needs , as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security , ” an open ended mandate which many fear could mean the forced detention of American citizens in the event of widespread rioting after a national emergency or total economic collapse .
During the Iran Contra hearings in the 80’s , previously classified information came to light about Continuity of Government ( CoG ) procedures in times of national crisis .
The masterminds behind these programs were Oliver North , Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney .
The Rex - 84 ‘ readiness exercise ’ discussed the plan to round up immigrants and detain them in internment camps in response to uncontrolled population movements across the Mexican border .
The real agenda was to use the cover of rounding up immigrants and illegal aliens as a smokescreen for targeting political dissidents and American citizens .
From 1967 to 1971 the FBI kept a list of persons to be rounded up as subversive , dubbed the “ ADEX ” list .
Since 9/11 , shadow government and CoG programs that were outlined in Rex - 84 have been activated , including mass warrantless wiretapping of American citizens .
The internment camp program is now being readied for execution following the announcement on January 24th 2006 that Halliburton subsidiary KBR ( formerly Brown and Root ) had been awarded a $ 385 million contingency contract by the Department of Homeland Security to build detention camps .
According to respected author Peter Dale Scott , “ Both the contract and the budget allocation are in partial fulfillment of an ambitious 10 - year Homeland Security strategic plan , code - named ENDGAME , authorized in 2003 .
According to a 49 - page Homeland Security document on the plan , ENDGAME expands “ a mission first articulated in the Alien and Sedition Acts of 1798 . ”
Its goal is the capability to “ remove all removable aliens , ” including “ illegal economic migrants , aliens who have committed criminal acts , asylum - seekers ( required to be retained by law ) or potential terrorists . ”
The pretext given for which the camps would be used , as the New York Times reported was , “ an unexpected influx of immigrants , to house people in the event of a natural disaster or for new programs that require additional detention space . ”
With active duty military personnel already being stationed inside the U.S. under Northcom , partly for purposes of “ crowd control , ” fears that Americans could be incarcerated in detainment camps as part of a “ new program ” amidst a crisis caused by a sudden influx of Mexican immigrants are all too real .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Calls had been mounting for Mr Khatami to put forward his name Iran 's former president Mohammad Khatami has ended months of speculation by announcing that he will run in June 's presidential election .
Mr Khatami was president of Iran from 1997 - 2005 and was succeeded by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , a conservative .
" I will seriously take part as a candidate for the election , " he told a meeting of a pro-reform group .
In January , a close aide to Mr Ahmadinejad said the incumbent would , as expected , stand for re-election .
MOHAMMAD KHATAMI
Served as Iranian president from 1997 - 2005 Born 1943 , the son of a respected ayatollah in Yazd Province Regarded as a reformist
Profile : Mohammad Khatami Mr Khatami , the most liberal president since the revolution , should have a good chance of unseating Mr Ahmadinejad , arguably the most conservative leader in that time , says the BBC's Jon Leyne , in Tehran .
However , he will face tough opposition from hardliners in the clergy and military , our correspondent adds .
Mr Khatami urged a free election , saying the fate of the Islamic Revolution was at stake .
" Is it possible to remain indifferent toward the revolution 's fate and shy away from running in the elections ? " he asked at a news conference in Tehran .
" I consider this as a right to run in this stage .
This candidacy does n't deprive others and the path is open .
What should be stressed is that the elections must be held freely . "
' Desire for change '
It should prove an intriguing contest in June , our correspondent says .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been a controversial figure
In this 30th anniversary year of the revolution , it will give Iranians a stark choice over the future of the Islamic Republic .
One other obstacle for Mr Khatami , Jon Leyne adds , is that his old supporters were disillusioned by his failure to push through more changes when he was in power .
Therefore , the challenge will be persuading them to go out and vote .
Mohammad Ali Abtahi , a close aide of Mr Khatami , warned that the results of elections in Iran were always of " serious concern " - an apparent reference to vote - rigging .
" But if the voter participation is high , we can easily win the election , " he told AFP news agency .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The economy contracted at a far faster rate than initially estimated in the final months of 2008 , the government reported Friday , suggesting a deeper recession that will further challenge the health of the financial system .
Financial stocks led the market down on economic worries in general and concerns about nationalization , after the government announced that it was vastly increasing its stake in Citigroup .
In the fourth quarter , the gross domestic product fell at an annualized rate of 6.2 percent , the steepest decline since the 1982 recession and sharper than the 3.8 percent reported earlier .
Every major component of the economy shrank , except government spending .
Economists said all signs point to a similar drop in output in the current quarter .
“ What a ghastly report , ” said John Ryding , chief economist at RDQ Economics .
“ This will almost certainly be the longest postwar recession , and now potentially the deepest one as well . ”
If you click the accept button , our partners will collect data and use cookies for ad personalization , tracking and measurement .
After you have consented to cookies by clicking on the " Accept " button , this web site will embed advertisement source code from Google Adsense , an online advertising service of Google LLC ( " Google " ) and you will see personalized advertisements by Google and their ad technology partners ( here a list ) .
Technically Internet cookies and third party cookies are then used to share information about your use of this web site with advertising providers who may combine it with other information that you have provided to them or that they ’ve collected from your use of their services .
You may revoke your consent at any time using the " withdraw cookie consent " button at the end of each page .
If you do not want to accept cookies , sign up for a chargeable membership .
Plus members can use this web site without ads , without tracking and without the need to accept third party cookies , because for them no advertising and no tracking service will be used .
Details about advertisement and analysis tracking can be found in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Evidence against the multiplier
Tweet
President Obama will shortly sign legislation creating nearly a trillion dollars of deficit spending in the name of stimulating the economy .
Is there any evidence that such spending will stimulate anything other than the pockets of the people who get the money at the expense of the rest of us ?
There are attempts to measure the effects of government spending using macroeconomic data ; the estimates are extremely imprecise .
I have suggested that much of this variance and the way the estimates are interpreted is due to the ideology of the estimators and the interpreters .
But there is one area of research where the findings are nearly unanimous — the estimates by academic economists of the impact of subsidies and spending on sports stadiums .
Yes , building a stadium " creates " jobs , but the best estimates of NET job creation is zero .
ZERO .
Here is a summary of a survey of that research :
We offer an argument against sports subsidies based on economic intuition ,
survey evidence that a majority of economists believe that sports subsidies are
unwarranted , and a review of the existing literature on the economic impact of
professional sports .
Although the intuitive argument and survey evidence do not
deny the possibility of certain local economic benefits from sports subsidies , the
empirical findings also strongly reject sports subsidies on the grounds of a lack
of economic benefits .
The large and growing peer - reviewed economics literature
on the economic impacts of stadiums , arenas , sports franchises , and sport mega -
events has consistently found no substantial evidence of increased jobs , incomes ,
or tax revenues for a community associated with any of these things .
Focusing
our attention on research done by economists , as opposed to that of scholars
from public policy or urban development and planning departments , we find near
unanimity in the conclusion that stadiums , arenas and sports franchises have no
consistent , positive impact on jobs , income , and tax revenues .
( Passage in bold added by me )
Those who favor massive increases in spending , particularly on infrastructure , as a way of improving anything other than the balance sheets of construction firms , have to argue that these microeconomic findings do n't apply when unemployment is above 7 % or some other argument .
And as Ike Piggott points out , the literature on sports stadiums is usually trying to estimate the effects of money coming from outside the locality rather than from the locality itself .
When you do it a nationwide level , the money comes from us .
I 'd like to know what the proponents of spending think of the stadium literature .
Comments
Ever notice that your " high - speed " internet connection seems to drop off in the middle of a good download ?
Bandwidth throttling happens when a server attempts to limit the amount of bandwidth that a given service may use .
You can easily test if your internet service provider is throttling your speed by downloading a testing tool off of the internet .
From a Justice Department press release we just received :
According to a three - count complaint unsealed today in Manhattan federal court , from at least 1996 through February 2009 , [ Paul Greenwood , 61 , of North Salem , N.Y. , and Stephen Walsh , 64 , of Sands Point , N.Y. ] ran a fraudulent commodities trading and investment advisory scheme using an entity they controlled called WG Trading Investors .
Through a marketer , Greenwood and Walsh solicited investor funds on the understanding that they would invest the funds in a program called “ enhanced stock indexing , ” which they represented was a conservative trading strategy that had outperformed the results of the S&P 500 Index for more than 10 years .
Several institutional investors – including charitable and university foundations , retirement and pension plans and others – invested more than $ 668 million through WG Trading Investors , receiving in exchange promissory notes issued by WG Trading Investors that the defendants represented would pay interest at a rate equal to the investment returns earned by the enhanced stock indexing strategy .
Contrary to their representations to their investors , Greenwood and Walsh are alleged to have misappropriated the majority of the investor funds .
Among other things , Greenwood is alleged to have used the funds to purchase expensive collectible items and horses , as well as for other personal expenditures .
Walsh is alleged to have misappropriated investor funds for himself , and to have made large cash payments to his ex-wife . …
In February 2009 , the National Futures Association ( NFA ) conducted an audit of WG Investors and related entities .
In the audit , the NFA discovered that of approximately $ 812 million purportedly on the books of WG Investors , more than $ 794 million was booked as receivables due from Greenwood and Walsh and investments in entities that they controlled .
2020-01-06 11:24:29 by spoon | Views : 11256 | Comments : 35
Magix the company which took over freedb.org has decided to close down the service .
d Bpoweramp have created a freedb server which can be used when freedb shuts down :
freedb.dbpoweramp.com
Note currently only http is supported
Q :
A : I think you 're correct to favor the GPS device 's speed reading .
Speedometers are often inaccurate by one to three miles an hour for a number of reasons ranging from tire size and wear to irregular calibration at the factory .
The indicated speed is usually higher than the car 's actual speed .
Industry officials have said speedometers are set " optimistically " to give drivers an inflated sense of speed ( and help them avoid tickets ) .
GPS devices record distance over time without the effects of mechanical variables and thus ...
A South Korean court Thursday endorsed the arrest of a popular Internet financial pundit accused of spreading false information online .
After questioning the commentator at the request of his lawyers , the Seoul Central District Court ruled he should remain in custody .
The 31 - year - old , identified only as Park but better known as " Minerva " , the name of the Greek goddess of wisdom , was arrested last week on charges of spreading groundless news that the country 's currency , the won , was imperiled .
Lawyers insisted Park should be released because he is innocent .
The pundit has claimed he was trying to help those who had suffered as a result of the current financial turmoil .
He has written more than 200 economic commentaries in the past few months and gained massive popularity online following his predictions of the collapse of US investment bank Lehman Brothers .
Pakistani immigrants from the Swat Valley , where the Taliban have been battling Pakistani security forces since 2007 , say some of their families are being singled out for threats , kidnapping and even murder by Taliban forces , who view them as potential American collaborators and lucrative sources of ransom .
Some immigrants also say they , too , have been threatened in the United States by the Taliban or its sympathizers , and some immigrants say they have been attacked or kidnapped when they have returned home .
The threats have brought an added dimension of suffering for the immigrants , who say fresh reports of hardship arrive here every day , sometimes several times a day , and spread quickly among the several thousand Swati immigrants in the New York region : families driven from their villages , houses being destroyed , relatives disappearing .
The fate of the valley dominates conversation among the exiles .
“ It ’s 24/7 , ” said Zakrya Khan , 30 , the owner of two gyro restaurants in New York whose staff of 15 is almost entirely Swati .
“ This is their only concern now . ”
Though every community of exiles from a conflict - ridden country suffers when relatives who remain behind are caught in the fight , the immigrants from Swat also bear the burden of believing that their presence in America is endangering their relatives back home , where the Taliban have imposed their authority over vast swaths of the region , about 100 miles northwest of Islamabad .
More than that , Swati immigrants say they have been left with the sense that the more they try to help their families back home , the more harm they may do , an excruciating dilemma that has filled many with a combination of helplessness , fear , sadness and guilt .
Title Description House Bill Senate Bill Difference
Food and farming Repairs and security improvements at Department of Agriculture and agencies .
$ 253,000 $ 200,000 -$ 53,000
Food and farming Agriculture spending oversight by Office of Inspector General .
$ 22,500 $ 5,000 - $ 17,500
Food and farming Competitive grants to Co-operative State Research , Education and Economic Service .
$ 0 $ 50,000 $ 50,000
Food and farming Salaries for staff to modernize IT system at Farm Service Agency .
$ 245,000 $ 54,000 -$ 191,000
Food and farming Direct loans to farm owners $ 0 $ 17,200 $ 17,200
Food and farming Guaranteed loans to farm owners $ 0 $ 330 $ 330
Food and farming Operating loans to farm owners .
$ 0 $ 23,600 $ 23,600
Food and farming Guaranteed operating loans to farm owners $ 0 $ 1,300 $ 1,300
Food and farming Funding for watershed and flood prevention projects .
$ 50,000 $ 65,000 $ 15,000
Food and farming Rehabilitation of watershed structures .
$ 350,000 $ 275,000 -$ 75,000
Food and farming Extra hires for rural development work .
$ 0 $ 80,000 $ 80,000
Food and farming Direct loans to rural homeowners .
$ 270,000 $ 67,000 -$ 203,000
Food and farming Guaranteed loans to rural homeowners .
$ 230,000 $ 133,000 -$ 97,000
Food and farming Direct loans for rural community facilities $ 63,000 $ 67,000 $ 4,000
Food and farming Guaranteed loans for rural community facilities .
$ 0 $ 10,000 $ 10,000
Food and farming Grants for rural community facilities .
$ 137,000 $ 50,000 - $ 87,000
Food and farming Grants for rural businesses .
$ 13,000 $ 20,000 $ 7,000
Food and farming Guaranteed loans for rural businesses .
$ 87,000 $ 130,000 $ 43,000
Food and farming Grants and loan guarantees for biorefinery facilities .
$ 0 $ 200,000 $ 200,000
Food and farming Grants and loan guarantees for renewable energy infrastructure in rural areas .
$ 0 $ 50,000 $ 50,000
Food and farming Direct loans for rural waste and waste disposal $ 400,000 $ 412,000 $ 12,000
Food and farming Rural waste and waste disposal program grants $ 1,100,000 $ 963,000 -$ 137,000
Food and farming Loans for distance learning and telemedicine in rural communities .
$ 0 $ 20,000 $ 20,000
Food and farming Grants for distance learning and telemedicine in rural communities .
$ 0 $ 80,000 $ 80,000
Food and farming Reserve fund for Women , Infants and Children special supplemental nutrition program .
$ 0 $ 380,000 $ 380,000
Food and farming Improvements to IT system for the Women , Infants and Children special supplemental nutrition program .
$ 100,000 $ 120,000 $ 20,000
Food and farming Extra commodities and administration for emergency food assistance program .
$ 150,000 $ 150,000 $ 0
Food and farming Equipment for school lunch program for at - risk children .
$ 0 $ 100,000 $ 100,000
Food and farming Funds for meals and snacks for child and adult day care programs .
$ 631,000 $ 0 -$ 631,000
Food and farming Crop insurance reinstatement for farmers who failed to keep up with payments , emergency loans and grants to farmers .
$ 0 $ 752,000 $ 752,000
Food and farming Administration of extra aid to farmers .
$ 0 $ 34,000 $ 34,000
Food and farming Extra money for food stamps $ 20,717,000 $ 16,562,000 -$ 4,155,000
Commerce , science and justice Extra money for Bureau of Industry and Security operations and administration .
$ 0 $ 20,000 $ 20,000
Commerce , science and justice Funding for urban industrial core and rural economic recovery programs .
$ 250,000 $ 150,000 -$ 100,000
Commerce , science and justice Extra money for Census .
$ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000 $ 0
Commerce , science and justice Salaries and expenses for program to create broadband inventory map of the country .
$ 350,000 $ 350,000 $ 0
Commerce , science and justice Grants to provide wireless and broadband infrastructure to communities , including public computer centers and sustainable adoption of broadband service , with half to go to rural communities .
$ 8,975,000 $ 6,650,000 -$ 2,325,000
Commerce , science and justice Coupons , education and consumer support for digital to analogue converter box program .
$ 650,000 $ 650,000 $ 0
Commerce , science and justice NIST research $ 100,000 $ 118,000 $ 18,000
Commerce , science and justice Research into technology with high - growth potential .
$ 70,000 $ 0 - $ 70,000
Commerce , science and justice Giving technology to small and mid-size manufacturers .
$ 30,000 $ 0 - $ 30,000
Commerce , science and justice Construction and renovation of research science facilities .
$ 300,000 $ 357,000 $ 57,000
Commerce , science and justice Extra money for National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration habitat restoration projects .
$ 400,000 $ 227,000 -$ 173,000
Commerce , science and justice Extra money for NOAA satellite development including climate data sensors and modeling .
$ 600,000 $ 795,000 $ 195,000
Commerce , science and justice Renovation and modernization of department building . $ 0 $ 0 $ 0
Commerce , science and justice Commerce spending oversight .
$ 10,000 $ 6,000 - $ 4,000
Commerce , science and justice Development of national integrated wireless network to support federal law enforcement .
$ 0 $ 100,000 $ 100,000
Commerce , science and justice Funds for office supervising humane confinement of federal detainees .
$ 0 $ 100,000 $ 100,000
Commerce , science and justice Justice spending oversight .
$ 2,000 $ 2,000 $ 0
Commerce , science and justice Extra FBI agents to focus on crimes against children .
$ 0 $ 50,000 $ 50,000
Commerce , science and justice Construction at US Marshals Service $ 0 $ 100,000 $ 100,000
Commerce , science and justice Extra hires to target mortgage fraud .
$ 0 $ 75,000 $ 75,000
Commerce , science and justice Construction at FBI $ 0 $ 300,000 $ 300,000
Commerce , science and justice Construction and renovation of federal prisons .
$ 0 $ 800,000 $ 800,000
Commerce , science and justice Grants to state and local law enforcement .
$ 3,000,000 $ 1,050,000 -$ 1,950,000
Commerce , science and justice Grants to state and local law enforcement at the Southern border .
$ 0 $ 100,000 $ 100,000
Commerce , science and justice Grants to state and local law enforcement in rural areas .
$ 0 $ 150,000 $ 150,000
Commerce , science and justice Grants for state and local law enforcement to hire extra police officers .
$ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000 $ 0
Commerce , science and justice Grants to state and local law enforcement for youth mentoring and improvements to justice system .
$ 0 $ 440,000 $ 440,000
Commerce , science and justice Grants to tribal law enforcement .
$ 0 $ 300,000 $ 300,000
Commerce , science and justice Grants to state and local law enforcement for domestic violence work .
$ 0 $ 300,000 $ 300,000
Commerce , science and justice Grants to state and local law enforcement for victim programs .
$ 0 $ 100,000 $ 100,000
Commerce , science and justice Grants to state and local law enforcement for Internet crimes against children .
$ 0 $ 50,000 $ 50,000
Commerce , science and justice Management grants to state and local law enforcement .
$ 0 $ 10,000 $ 10,000
Commerce , science and justice NASA science research .
$ 400,000 $ 300,000 - $ 100,000
Commerce , science and justice NASA aeronautics research .
$ 150,000 $ 250,000 $ 100,000
Commerce , science and justice NASA shuttle replacement .
$ 0 $ 500,000 $ 500,000
Commerce , science and justice NASA cross-agency construction .
$ 50,000 $ 250,000 $ 200,000
Commerce , science and justice NASA spending oversight $ 2,000 $ 2,000 $ 0
Commerce , science and justice National Science Foundation research .
$ 2,500,000 $ 1,000,000 - $ 1,500,000
Commerce , science and justice Construction of new research equipment and facilities for National Science Foundation .
$ 400,000 $ 150,000 -$ 250,000
Commerce , science and justice National Science Foundation education activities .
$ 100,000 $ 50,000 - $ 50,000
Commerce , science and justice NSF spending oversight .
$ 2,000 $ 2,000 $ 0
Defense Modernizing military facilities and barracks , including energy efficiency .
$ 4,500,000 $ 2,984,000 -$ 1,516,000
Defense Hybrid vehicles for the Army , Navy , Air Force , Marine Corps $ 0 $ 200,000 $ 200,000
Defense Production of long - life lithium ion batteries , suitable for spacecraft use .
$ 0 $ 100,000 $ 100,000
Defense Rapid Technology Transition and Demonstration of Energy Efficiency Technologies $ 350,000 $ 200,000 - $ 150,000
Defense Extra money for military healthcare .
$ 0 $ 250,000 $ 250,000
Defense Defense spending oversight .
$ 15,000 $ 12,000 -$ 3,000
Energy and water Flood control and water management construction .
$ 4,500,000 $ 4,600,000 $ 100,000
Energy and water Water reclamation and reuse projects .
$ 500,000 $ 1,400,000 $ 900,000
Energy and water Home weatherization grants to low - income families .
$ 6,200,000 $ 2,900,000 - $ 3,300,000
Energy and water Funding for Energy Star program offering tax credits to consumers purchasing new , efficient appliances .
$ 300,000 $ 0 - $ 300,000
Energy and water Money for advanced batteries manufacturing .
$ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000 $ 0
Energy and water Loan guarantees for standard renewables $ 6,000,000 $ 7,000,000 $ 1,000,000
Energy and water Funding for zero emission powerplants ( the only one in the country at the moment is FutureGen , in Illinois . ) $ 0 $ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000
Energy and water Carbon capture and sequestration demonstration projects .
$ 2,400,000 $ 2,600,000 $ 200,000
Energy and water Energy efficiency grants to states and local governments .
$ 6,900,000 $ 4,700,000 -$ 2,200,000
Energy and water Funding for a new grant program to encourage electric vehicle technologies .
$ 200,000 $ 200,000 $ 0
Energy and water Funding for states and local governments to buy efficient alternative fuel buses and trucks .
$ 400,000 $ 350,000 -$ 50,000
Energy and water Energy efficiency grants for municipal buildings .
$ 1,000,000 $ 1,600,000 $ 600,000
Energy and water Energy efficiency loans for municipal buildings .
$ 500,000 $ 0 - $ 500,000
Energy and water Research and development of renewable and efficient energy technology .
$ 2,500,000 $ 2,648,000 $ 148,000
Energy and water Nuclear cleanup at non-defense sites .
$ 0 $ 483,000 $ 483,000
Energy and water Uranium enrichment decontamination and decommissioning .
$ 0 $ 390,000 $ 390,000
Energy and water Funding for physics laboratory construction and research in areas such as high - energy physics , nuclear physics and fusion energy sciences .
$ 2,000,000 $ 430,000 -$ 1,570,000
Energy and water Extra money for weapons programs .
$ 0 $ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000
Energy and water Cleanup of nuclear defense sites .
$ 500,000 $ 5,527,000 $ 5,027,000
Energy and water Money for federal power marketing administrations in electric power transmission systems .
$ 6,490,000 $ 6,490,000 $ 0
Energy and water Operating expenses of federal power marketing administration .
$ 0 $ 20,000 $ 20,000
Energy and water Modernization of the electric grid .
$ 4,400,000 $ 4,400,000 $ 0
Energy and water Training of electric grid workers .
$ 100,000 $ 100,000 $ 0
Energy and water Loan guarantees for electricity transmission $ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000 $ 0
Energy and water Energy spending oversight .
$ 15,000 $ 5,000 - $ 10,000
Federal government Treasury grants to community financial services and economic development groups .
$ 0 $ 250,000 $ 250,000
Federal government Funds for D.C. 's water and sewer infrastructure .
$ 0 $ 125,000 $ 125,000
Federal government Construction , repair and energy alterations to federal buildings , ports and Department of Homeland Security .
$ 7,700,000 $ 5,548,000 -$ 2,152,000
Federal government
New plug - in and alternative fuel cars for federal government fleet .
$ 600,000 $ 300,000 - $ 300,000
Federal government GSA spending oversight .
$ 15,000 $ 2,000 -$ 13,000
Federal government Funding for board to oversee implementation of stimulus bill .
$ 14,000 $ 7,000 - $ 7,000
Federal government Microloans to small businesses .
$ 0 $ 24,000 $ 24,000
Federal government SBA spending oversight .
$ 0 $ 15,000 $ 15,000
Federal government Extra administrative money for SBA .
$ 4,000 $ 25,000 $ 21,000
Federal government Extra oversight employees for SBA .
$ 0 $ 20,000 $ 20,000
Federal government Extra oversight spending money for SBA $ 10,000 $ 10,000 $ 0
Federal government SBA surety bonds .
$ 0 $ 15,000 $ 15,000
Federal government
More money for business loans and reduction of loan fees .
$ 426,000 $ 531,000 $ 105,000
Homeland security Funding for departmental site security , IT infrastructure , furniture , fixtures and other costs for HQ .
$ 0 $ 198,000 $ 198,000
Homeland security Homeland Security spending oversight .
$ 2,000 $ 5,000 $ 3,000
Homeland security Purchase of tactical communications equipment and radios .
$ 0 $ 97,200 $ 97,200
Homeland security Improving scanning detection technology at sea ports .
$ 100,000 $ 100,800 $ 800
Homeland security Border security technology on Southwest border .
$ 0 $ 200,000 $ 200,000
Homeland security Construction and repair of land border inspection facilities .
$ 150,000 $ 800,000 $ 650,000
Homeland security Tactical communications equipment and radios for ICE $ 0 $ 27,800 $ 27,800
Homeland security Funding for TSA explosive detection systems .
$ 500,000 $ 1,000,000 $ 500,000
Homeland security
Shore facilities , new polar icebreaker , emergency maintenance of high endurance cutters .
$ 0 $ 450,000 $ 450,000
Homeland security Repairing and removing bridges hazardous to marine navigation .
$ 150,000 $ 240,400 $ 90,400
Homeland security Communications response vehicles for use in a disaster or national security event .
$ 0 $ 6,000 $ 6,000
Homeland security Grants for security upgrades to mass transit , ports , creation of emergency operations centers , upgrading of critical infrastructure .
$ 0 $ 950,000 $ 950,000
Homeland security Competitive grants to upgrade state and local fire stations .
$ 0 $ 500,000 $ 500,000
Homeland security Extra emergency food and shelter funding for homeless .
$ 200,000 $ 100,000 - $ 100,000
Homeland security Upgrades to Federal Law Enforcement Training Center facilities .
$ 0 $ 15,000 $ 15,000
Homeland security Homeland Security research and development $ 0 $ 0 $ 0
Outdoors Deferred maintenance on federal lands , abandoned mine cleanup , energy efficient visitors centers , wildland fire management .
$ 325,000 $ 330,000 $ 5,000
Outdoors Wildlife refuge and fish hatchery construction , deferred maintenance , road maintenance and energy efficient visitors centers .
$ 300,000 $ 275,000 -$ 25,000
Outdoors National Park System deferred maintenance .
$ 1,700,000 $ 747,000 -$ 953,000
Outdoors National Mall returfing .
$ 200,000 $ 0 -$ 200,000
Outdoors National Park Service " Centennial Challenge " $ 100,000 $ 0 -$ 100,000
Outdoors Repairing facilities and equipment for USGS ' seismic , volcano , monitoring and stream gages .
$ 200,000 $ 135,000 -$ 65,000
Outdoors Repair of schools , detention centers , roads , bridges , housing , irrigation and dams on Indian reservations .
$ 500,000 $ 562,000 $ 62,000
Outdoors Indian Guaranteed Loan Program $ 15,000 $ 10,000 - $ 5,000
Outdoors Assistance to U.S. territories : American Samoa , Guam , Northern Mariana Islands , U.S. Virgin Islands , Marshall Islands , Federated States of Micronesia , Palau .
$ 0 $ 62,000 $ 62,000
Outdoors Interior spending oversight .
$ 0 $ 7,600 $ 7,600
Outdoors Cleanup of landfills , mine tailings , mills , illegal dumps and pesticide release sites .
$ 0 $ 20,000 $ 20,000
Outdoors Extra money for Department of Interior 's " working capital fund . " $ 0 $ 0 $ 0
Outdoors Cleanup of hazardous and toxic waste sites .
$ 800,000 $ 600,000 - $ 200,000
Outdoors Cleanup of petroleum leaks from underground storage tanks .
$ 200,000 $ 200,000 $ 0
Outdoors Loans for communities to upgrade wastewater treatment systems and drinking water infrastructure .
$ 8,400,000 $ 6,400,000 - $ 2,000,000
Outdoors EPA spending oversight .
$ 20,000 $ 0 -$ 20,000
Outdoors Renovation of forest roads , bridges and trails , remediation of abandoned mines , removal of barriers to fish and other critical habitat .
$ 650,000 $ 650,000 $ 0
Outdoors
Fire hazard reduction on federal and state lands .
$ 850,000 $ 485,000 -$ 365,000
Outdoors Indian Health Facilities renovation and IT purchases .
$ 550,000 $ 545,000 -$ 5,000
Outdoors Smithsonian deferred maintenance .
$ 150,000 $ 75,000 -$ 75,000
Outdoors Grants to fund arts projects in non-profit sector .
$ 50,000 $ 0 - $ 50,000
Labor , health , education Grants to states for adult employment and training activities .
$ 500,000 $ 500,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education Grants to states for youth training , including summer jobs .
$ 1,200,000 $ 1,200,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education Grants to states for dislocated worker employment and training activities .
$ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education Grants to states with highest unemployment numbers for employment and training .
$ 750,000 $ 200,000 -$ 550,000
Labor , health , education Funds to national reserve assistance for dislocated workers .
$ 500,000 $ 250,000 -$ 250,000
Labor , health , education Funding for program training high - risk youth in construction job skills .
$ 50,000 $ 100,000 $ 50,000
Labor , health , education Funding for community service program for low - income over - 55s .
$ 120,000 $ 120,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education Funding for states ' unemployment insurance and employment service agencies .
$ 500,000 $ 400,000 - $ 100,000
Labor , health , education Extra funds for department to manage enforcement of labor laws .
$ 80,000 $ 0 -$ 80,000
Labor , health , education Creation and renovation of Office of Job Corps .
$ 300,000 $ 160,000 -$ 140,000
Labor , health , education Labor spending oversight .
$ 6,000 $ 3,000 -$ 3,000
Labor , health , education Grants to community health centers $ 500,000 $ 0 -$ 500,000
Labor , health , education Renovation and repair of community health centers $ 1,000,000 $ 1,870,000 $ 870,000
Labor , health , education Training of nurses , primary care physicians , dentists to practice in underserved communities in the National Health Service Corps .
$ 600,000 $ 0 -$ 600,000
Labor , health , education Fit-out for Public Health Service agency building .
$ 88,000 $ 88,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education HHS spending oversight .
$ 19,000 $ 0 $ 0
Labor , health , education CDC and NIOSH construction and renovations .
$ 462,000 $ 412,000 - $ 50,000
Labor , health , education Grants for National Institutes of Health to renovate university research facilities .
$ 1,500,000 $ 300,000 -$ 1,200,000
Labor , health , education NIH biomedical research into diseases such as Alzheimer 's , Parkinson's , cancer and heart disease .
$ 1,500,000 $ 2,700,000 $ 1,200,000
Labor , health , education Repairs and improvements to NIH facilities .
$ 500,000 $ 500,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education Additional money to the National Institutes of Health for biomedical research .
$ 0 $ 6,500,000 $ 6,500,000
Labor , health , education Funding for research comparing effectiveness of treatments funded by Medicare , Medicaid and SCHIP .
$ 1,100,000 $ 1,100,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education Money to help low - income families pay for home heating and cooling .
$ 1,000,000 $ 0 -$ 1,000,000
Labor , health , education Money for extra child care services for low - income families .
$ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education Grants to state social services and non-profits serving low - income and unemployed people suffering from the recession $ 0 $ 400,000 $ 400,000
Labor , health , education Extra money for Head Start programs for low - income pre-schoolers , infants and toddlers .
$ 2,100,000 $ 1,050,000 -$ 1,050,000
Labor , health , education Grants to faith - based and community organizations $ 100,000 $ 0 - $ 100,000
Labor , health , education Grants for community employment , food , housing and healthcare projects .
$ 1,000,000 $ 200,000 - $ 800,000
Labor , health , education Grants for elderly nutrition services including Meals on Wheels $ 200,000 $ 100,000 - $ 100,000
Labor , health , education Extra money for Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology .
$ 2,000,000 $ 3,000,000 $ 1,000,000
Labor , health , education Funding for : National Vaccine Program , National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program , chronic disease , health promotion , genomics programs , HIV / AIDS , hepatitis , STD and TB prevention programs , environmental health programs , injury prevention and control programs , public health workforce development programs , research by National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health and National Center for Health Statistics , national plan to prevent healthcare - associated infections , prevention and wellness strategies and public health workforce developments .
$ 3,000,000 $ 0 - $ 3,000,000
Labor , health , education Funding for advanced resarch on preparing for pandemic influenza , countermeasures for chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear threats .
$ 900,000 $ 0 -$ 900,000
Labor , health , education Funding for ' Title I ' education programs for disadvantaged children .
$ 13,000,000 $ 12,400,000 - $ 600,000
Labor , health , education Construction funding for school districts without a local property - tax base .
$ 100,000 $ 0 -$ 100,000
Labor , health , education Funding for school computer and science laboratories and technology training for teachers .
$ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education Funding for services to homeless children including meals and transportation .
$ 66,000 $ 70,000 $ 4,000
Labor , health , education School renovations .
$ 14,000,000 $ 0 -$ 14,000,000
Labor , health , education Charter school renovations .
$ 25,000 $ 0 -$ 25,000
Labor , health , education Grants for teacher training and professional development .
$ 200,000 $ 0 -$ 200,000
Labor , health , education Special education funding .
$ 13,600,000 $ 13,500,000 - $ 100,000
Labor , health , education Independent living centers and state grants for the disabled and services for elderly blind people .
$ 200,000 $ 610,000 $ 410,000
Labor , health , education Money to increase maximum Pell Grant of student aid by $ 500 to to $ 5,350 .
$ 15,636,000 $ 13,869,000 -$ 1,767,000
Labor , health , education Money to increase size of colleges ' Perkins Grant student aid funds .
$ 0 $ 61,000 $ 61,000
Labor , health , education Money for colleges ' work - study programs .
$ 490,000 $ 0 -$ 490,000
Labor , health , education Money to cover cost to Department of Education of administering extra student aid .
$ 50,000 $ 0 - $ 50,000
Labor , health , education Grants for states to address teacher shortages .
$ 100,000 $ 50,000 -$ 50,000
Labor , health , education College renovations $ 6,000,000 $ 0 - $ 6,000,000
Labor , health , education Funding for grants for states to create systems tracking individual student data .
$ 250,000 $ 0 -$ 250,000
Labor , health , education Education spending oversight .
$ 15,000 $ 4,000 -$ 11,000
Labor , health , education Extra money for AmeriCorps programs .
$ 200,000 $ 200,000 $ 0
Labor , health , education Extra money for oversight of AmeriCorps programs $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 0
Labor , health , education Construction of new National Computer Center for Social Security Administration .
$ 400,000 $ 750,000 $ 350,000
Labor , health , education Extra money for Social Security Administration to process disability and retirement claim backlogs .
$ 500,000 $ 140,000 -$ 360,000
Labor , health , education SSA spending oversight .
$ 2,000 $ 3,000 $ 1,000
Oversight GAO oversight of stimulus bill .
$ 25,000 $ 20,000 - $ 5,000
Military and veterans Army training and recruit troop housing , and child development centers , including energy efficiency renovations .
$ 920,000 $ 676,377 -$ 243,623
Military and veterans Navy and Marine Corps training and recruit troop housing , and child development centers , including energy efficiency renovations .
$ 350,000 $ 990,092 $ 640,092
Military and veterans Air Force training and recruit troop housing , and child development centers , including energy efficiency renovations .
$ 280,000 $ 967,893 $ 687,893
Military and veterans Construction on military hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers , including energy efficiency renovations .
$ 3,750,000 $ 118,560 -$ 3,631,440
Military and veterans Army National Guard construction .
$ 140,000 $ 150,000 $ 10,000
Military and veterans Air National Guard construction .
$ 70,000 $ 110,000 $ 40,000
Military and veterans Army Reserve construction .
$ 100,000 $ 0 - $ 100,000
Military and veterans Navy Reserve construction .
$ 30,000 $ 0 - $ 30,000
Military and veterans Air Force Reserve construction .
$ 60,000 $ 0 -$ 60,000
Military and veterans Expansion of financial aid to military and some civilian personnel in areas where property values have declined after a base closure .
$ 0 $ 410,973 $ 410,973
Military and veterans Extra funding for cleanup at closed military installations .
$ 300,000 $ 0 - $ 300,000
Military and veterans Improvements to VA benefits administration , IT and claims processing .
$ 0 $ 195,000 $ 195,000
Military and veterans Renovations and energy efficiency improvements to veterans medical facilities .
$ 950,000 $ 3,415,628 $ 2,465,628
Military and veterans Monument and memorial repairs at veterans cemeteries .
$ 50,000 $ 64,961 $ 14,961
Military and veterans Grants for construction and repairs of state veteran care homes .
$ 0 $ 257,986 $ 257,986
Military and veterans Extra money for Veterans Affairs operating expenses , medical support and compliance .
$ 0 $ 5,125 $ 5,125
Military and veterans Veterans Affairs spending oversight .
$ 1,000 $ 4,400 $ 3,400
Military and veterans Repairs to national cemeteries and monuments $ 0 $ 60,300 $ 60,300
State Department Money for diplomatic and consular programs .
$ 0 $ 90,000 $ 90,000
State Department Creation of information management backup facility for State Department , funding for participation in cybersecurity program .
$ 276,000 $ 228,000 -$ 48,000
State Department State Department spending oversight .
$ 0 $ 2,000 $ 2,000
State Department Repair to flood control systems along Rio Grande damaged by Hurricane Katrina .
$ 224,000 $ 224,000 $0
State Department Extra money for USAID capital investments overseas .
$ 0 $ 58,000 $ 58,000
Transportation and housing Grants for airport improvements $ 3,000,000 $ 1,100,000 - $ 1,900,000
Transportation and housing Grants for airport facilities and equipment .
$ 0 $ 200,000 $ 200,000
Transportation and housing Grants for highway improvements $ 30,000,000 $ 27,060,000 -$ 2,940,000
Transportation and housing Competitive grants to state and local governments for highway , transit , rail , or port transportation investments .
$ 0 $ 5,500,000 $ 5,500,000
Transportation and housing Grants to Amtrak $ 800,000 $ 850,000 $ 50,000
Transportation and housing Grants to states for investments in high speed and intercity passenger rail $ 300,000 $ 250,000 -$ 50,000
Transportation and housing Grants for capital investments in designated high - speed rail corridors .
$ 0 $ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000
Transportation and housing Extra grants to states for public transit infrastructure investment .
$ 6,000,000 $ 8,400,000 $ 2,400,000
Transportation and housing Rail modernization funding .
$ 2,000,000 $ 0 - $ 2,000,000
Transportation and housing Grants for new commuter rail and other light rail systems .
$ 1,000,000 $ 0 - $ 1,000,000
Transportation and housing Grants for investments and improvements to small domestic shipyards .
$ 0 $ 100,000 $ 100,000
Transportation and housing Transportation spending oversight .
$ 20,000 $ 7,750 -$ 12,250
Transportation and housing Repairs and modernization of public housing projects .
$ 5,000,000 $ 5,000,000 $ 0
Transportation and housing Grants to rehabilitate and improve energy efficiency on Native American housing programs .
$ 500,000 $ 510,000 $ 10,000
Transportation and housing Grants for community and economic development projects .
$ 1,000,000 $ 0 - $ 1,000,000
Transportation and housing Grants for short - term help with rent and housing relocation for homeless families .
$ 1,500,000 $ 1,500,000 $ 0
Transportation and housing Energy efficiency retrogrades to low - income housing , including new insulation , windows and furnaces .
$ 2,500,000 $ 2,250,000 -$ 250,000
Transportation and housing Funds for communities to buy and rehabilitate foreclosed and vacant properties .
$ 4,190,000 $ 0 -$ 4,190,000
Transportation and housing Funds for building and rehabilitating low - income housing using green technology .
$ 1,500,000 $ 2,250,000 $ 750,000
Transportation and housing Grants for removing lead - based paint in low - income housing .
$ 100,000 $ 100,000 $ 0
Transportation and housing Funds for rural building projects .
$ 10,000 $ 0 -$ 10,000
Transportation and housing HUD spending oversight .
$ 15,000 $ 2,750 -$ 12,250
Aid to states State Fiscal Stabilization Fund $ 79,000,000 $ 39,000,000 -$ 40,000,000
Tax cuts $ 500 credit for single taxpayers , $ 1000 for couples .
House bill phases out at $ 75,000 for individuals , $ 150,000 for couples .
Senate phases out at $ 70,000 and $ 140,000 respectively .
$ 145,309,000 $ 139,800,000 -$ 5,509,000
Tax cuts Increasing earned income tax credit from 40 % to 45 % of first $ 12,570 earned by families with more than three children $ 4,663,000 $ 4,663,000 $ 0
Tax cuts Increasing eligibility for refundable portion of child tax credit .
House bill lowers income threshold to $ 0 , House to $ 8100 .
$ 18,272,000 $ 7,200,000 -$ 11,072,000
Tax cuts Education tax credit : $ 2500 for tuition and books expenses .
House version is 40 % refundable up to $ 1000 , Senate version is 30 % refundable up to $ 750 .
$ 13,707,000 $ 12,900,000 -$ 807,000
Tax cuts
House version offers a refundable credit for 10 % of purchase of home , up to $ 7500 , for first - time homeowners buying between April 9 , 2008 and July 1 , 2009 .
The Senate version expands the credit to $ 15,000 and applies it to all home purchases .
The Senate version of the credit can only be claimed by buyers who owe income taxes .
$ 2,562,000 $ 35,500,000 $ 32,938,000
Tax cuts Allowing computers to qualify for inclusion in tax - advantaged savings education plans .
$ 0 $ 6,000,000 $ 6,000,000
Tax cuts Equalization of parking and transit tax - free employer benefits at $ 230 for 2009 .
$ 0 $ 192,000 $ 192,000
Tax cuts
Tax break on loan interest and sales taxes for new car purchases .
$ 0 $ 11,000,000 $ 11,000,000
Tax cuts Temporary renewal of exemption for middle - income taxpayers from alternative minimum tax for 2009 .
$ 0 $ 70,000,000 $ 70,000,000
Tax cuts Temporary suspension of tax on first $ 2400 of unemployment benefits .
$ 0 $ 4,700,000 $ 4,700,000
Tax cuts Extension of tax credit to wind energy facilities placed in service before end of 2013 $ 13,143,000 $ 13,143,000 $ 0
Tax cuts
Allowing renewable energy projects to claim investment tax credit instead of production tax credit $ 218,000 $ 218,000 $ 0
Tax cuts Removal of cap on investment tax credit for small wind property .
$ 872,000 $ 604,000 -$ 268,000
Tax cuts Creation of $ 16 billion extra clean renewable energy bonds $ 578,000 $ 578,000 $ 0
Tax cuts Creation of extra $ 24 billion of bonds for state and local government programs to reduce greenhouse gas emissions $ 803,000 $ 803,000 $ 0
Tax cuts
Increasing tax credits for home energy efficiency equipment to 30 % , up to total of $ 1500 $ 4,275,000 $ 1,900,000 -$ 2,375,000
Tax cuts
Increasing tax credits for gas stations installing alternative fuel pumps to 50 % , up to $ 50,000 $ 54,000 $ 54,000 $ 0
Tax cuts 20 % tax credit for renewable energy research in 2009 and 2010 $ 18,000 $ 18,000 $ 0
Tax cuts Removal of $ 2000 cap on 30 % credit for solar thermal and geothermal property , and $ 4000 cap on small wind property $ 0 $ 268,000 $ 268,000
Tax cuts 10 % tax credit for bicycles and other low - speed vehicles $ 0 $ 118,000 $ 118,000
Tax cuts Reducing depreciation schedule for smart meters $ 0 $ 22,000 $ 22,000
Tax cuts Increasing monitoring and verification for CO2 capture and sequestration tax credits $ 0 $ 0 $ 0
Tax cuts 30 % investment tax credit for facilities manufacturing advanced energy property $ 0 $ 1,400,000 $ 1,400,000
Tax cuts Extending bonus depreciation for businesses to 50 % write - off for capital expenditures made in 2009 $ 5,074,000 $ 5,300,000 $ 226,000
Tax cuts Write - off for small businesses for up to $ 250,000 of capital expenditures incurred in 2009 $ 41,000 $ 41,000 $ 0
Tax cuts Extending carryback of net operating losses for 2008 and 2009 from 2 years to 5 years -- except for companies receiving government bailout funds $ 15,041,000 $ 17,200,000 $ 2,159,000
Tax cuts Allowing businesses to carryback business energy tax attributes from one tax period to another $ 0 $ 0 $ 0
Tax cuts
Tax credit of 40 % for first $ 6000 of wages for each new unemployed veteran or 16 - 25 - year - old hired .
House version includes veterans discharged between 2008 and 2010 , Senate version includes veterans discharged between 2001 and 2010 .
$ 208,000 $ 320,000 $ 112,000
Tax cuts Restoration of tougher rules on taxpayers claiming losses incurred by a company before they bought it -$ 6,977,000 -$ 6,977,000 $ 0
Tax cuts
Allowing some businesses to to claim tax exemption for specific kinds of business debt repurchased in cash in 2009 and 2010 .
$ 0 $ 813,000 $ 813,000
Tax cuts Monetization in lieu of credits for alternative minimum taxpayers and loss taxpayers in 2009 .
$ 0 $ 805,000 $ 805,000
Tax cuts Allowing individuals to exempt up to 75 % of some small business stock sales held for more than five years .
$ 0 $ 829,000 $ 829,000
Tax cuts Temporarily shortening holding period of assets subject to built - in gains tax , from 10 years to seven .
$ 0 $ 415,000 $ 415,000
Tax cuts Accelerates claims for tax credits for low - income housing investment .
$ 0 $ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000
Tax cuts Change in eligibility for industrial development bonds $ 0 $ 203,000 $ 203,000
Tax cuts Plug - in manufacturing and retooling incentive $ 0 ? ?
Tax cuts Creation of tax credit bonds for 2009 and 2010 investment in ' economic recovery zones ' ( $ 25 billion in House version , $ 15 billion in Senate version ) .
$ 5,989,000 $ 2,900,000 - $ 3,089,000
Tax cuts Allows tribal governments to issue $ 2 billion in tax - exempt bonds for projects without previous restrictions .
$ 315,000 $ 315,000 $ 0
Tax cuts Widens qualification for high - speed intercity rail bonds to facilities with a top speed of 150 miles per hour or more .
$ 0 $ 288,000 $ 288,000
Tax cuts Increase in funds allocated as part of " new markets tax credit " $ 0 $ 1,050,000 $ 1,050,000
Tax cuts Tiered investment tax credit for broadband infrastructure investment .
$ 0 $ 110,000 $ 110,000
Tax cuts Rule changes to improve marketability of tax exempt bonds .
$ 3,700,000 $ 3,700,000 $ 0
Tax cuts
New tax credit bonds for school building , rehabilitation or repair and other infrastructure projects .
$ 9,877,000 $ 4,500,000 -$ 5,377,000
Tax cuts Extra authority for state and local governments to issue bonds in 2009 and 2010 to schools working with businesses $ 1,045,000 $ 1,000,000 -$ 45,000
Tax cuts Direct payment to state and local governments to replace federal tax credit subsidy for bonds issued in 2009 and 2010 $ 18,270,000 $ 4,800,000 -$ 13,470,000
Tax cuts House version repeals 3 % withholding on government contractors .
Senate version delays implementation by one year .
$ 10,946,000 $ 291,000 -$ 10,655,000
Tax cuts
House version makes a one - time payment of $ 300 to supplementary security income beneficiaries .
Senate version also gives payment to social security beneficiaries , disabled people , railroad retirees and disabled veterans who receive benefits .
$ 4,200,000 $ 16,700,000 $ 12,500,000
Tax cuts
Two - year extension of program providing income support and training benefits for workers who lose their jobs because of outsourcing overseas .
$ 0 $ 108,000 $ 108,000
Tax cuts Prohibiting Customs and Border Protection from demanding that U.S. lumber , steel and other companies repay money they were given from Canadian and Mexican import duties .
$ 0 $ 90,000 $ 90,000
Tax cuts Curbs to executive compensation at companies receiving financial assistance :
The government will raise $ 3.2 billion from a requirement for participants who paid big bonuses to buy back an equivalent amount of government - held stock .
However , the CBO has assessed a net revenue loss because previously taxable compensation will remain within the company , which is not assumed to generate a taxable profit .
$ 0 $ 10,847,000 $ 10,847,000
Aid Workers who have exhausted regular unemployment compensation will get an extra 7 weeks of extended benefits , to a total of 20 weeks .
Workers in 29 " high unemployment " states are eligible for a total of 33 weeks .
Weekly benefit will be raised by $ 25 .
States will receive tax credit incentives for extending their existing qualification criteria .
$ 38,735,000 $ 39,475,000 $ 740,000
Aid Extra money for temporary assistance for needy families .
$ 2,300,000 $ 2,658,000 $ 358,000
Aid Child support enforcement $ 1,000,000 $ 1,150,000 $ 150,000
Health insurance Money for states to extend Medicaid coverage to the unemployed and their families , and extending the COBRA eligibility period for some people .
$ 40,032,000 $ 22,601,000 -$ 17,431,000
Health insurance IT Payment incentives for Medicaid and Medicare providers to adopt health information technology .
$ 17,053,000 $ 16,010,000 -$ 1,043,000
You know , F. Scott Fitzgerald was right about American lives having no second acts .
I found that to be sadly true yesterday as I sat down at the McDonald 's near the bus station off Main and jumped teeth first into an American tragedy .
Somewhere in a cold and sterile boardroom at McDonald 's headquarters in Oak Brook , Illinois , a head of marketing surmised that you as a consumer were stupid .
That you were nothing more than a mass of hair and intestines .
The venerable burger people concluded that what you were clamoring for more than anything was for the ingredients of their trademark Big Mac to be shoved into a tortilla and sold for half the price of the full - size burger .
There has been an epidemic over the past few years in the fast - food industry to foist anything imaginable into a tortilla and call it a " wrap " for you to " snack " on .
How busy are we that we need to have a burger put in a tortilla ?
This is n't saving time for anyone , as wraps are touted as being hella timesavers .
This whole mess began when you all started the Atkin 's Diet in 2003 and told corporate America to tell bread to screw off .
Then they started putting anything they could in wasteful plastic bowls .
I even knew a man who insisted on eating his Burger King Whoppers sans bun and instead chowed down with a fork and knife .
As I sat staring at my Big Mac Snack Wrap , I felt sad for my fellow Americans .
Hurt that there were some people out there buying these without shame or irony , like I did .
The gist of the wrap is the good ole ' secret sauce ( Thousand Island dressing really ) put on the " wrap " then topped with a slice of cheese , crunchy lettuce , and strips of the same beef put on the Big Mac laid down on top .
What 's distressing is that they are n't bothering to slice the patties evenly .
It looks like its being done by hand .
Somebody in the backroom literally just tearing patties in half and leaving it at that .
Are the major tortilla makers in the pocket of organized crime syndicates , who are in turn shoving a metaphorical gun into the back of fast - food chains pressuring them to use more tortillas in exchange for some unthinkable ends ?
That 's the only theory I can come up with .
I hope I 'm incorrect and this whole thing we 've been going through as a country is just a ruse by marketing hatchet men to make cash .
I know no one personally who would say without absolute sincerity that they wish and hope for a Big Mac to one day be wrapped in a tortilla .
Let 's just hope this does n't seep into the dessert side of fast - food menus .
Frosty 's from Wendy's are hard enough to eat with a spoon without them being oozed into a tortilla .
The Big Mac has one life and one life only .
That is as a workhorse burger on a value - meal menu surrounded by McNuggets and Quarter - Pounders .
Not some bastardized burrito also -ran .
-- Craig Hlavaty
( Newser ) – Kellogg 's decision to drop Michael Phelps ’ sponsorship deal has created an angry wave of would - be cereal killers , the Baltimore Sun reports .
A Facebook group urging consumers to boycott the company has hit 5,000 members and is growing fast .
Pro-marijuana groups are also calling for a boycott , labeling the company 's attitude " hypocritical and disgusting . "
Kellogg ’s has set up a special phone line to handle the flood of complaints .
story continues below
Phelps says he called all his other sponsors to apologize after the bong photo went public , but he was n't able to get through to anybody at Kellogg 's despite four days of trying .
The swimmer told the Sun that he can see the funny side of some of the humor directed at him now that the paparazzi attention has died down — although he still is n't ready to commit to swimming in the 2012 Olympics .
( Read more boycott stories . )
" Saddlebacking " is a new term to describe the phenomenon of Christian teens engaging in unprotected anal sex in order to preserve their virginities .
The term has been created by Dan Savage to show the person being ridden has been saddled - thanks to the efforts of Rick Warren of the Saddleback Church and others like him who espouse religious hang - ups and serious misconceptions about sex .
“ You ca n’t roll a joint on an iPod , ” the singer - songwriter Shelby Lynne told The New York Times Magazine early last year .
And , O.K. , I suppose that ’s among the iPod ’s drawbacks .
But it ’s hard to think of an electronic device released in recent decades that ’s brought more pleasure to more people .
Should anyone care that in the process , the iPod has all but killed the music industry as we ’ve known it ?
Maybe not , Steve Knopper writes in “ Appetite for Self - Destruction , ” his stark accounting of the mistakes major record labels have made since the end of the LP era and the arrival of digital music .
These dinosaurs , he suggests , are largely responsible for their own demise .
Mr. Knopper , a contributing editor at Rolling Stone , provides a wide - angled , morally complicated view of the current state of the music business .
He does n’t let those rippers and burners among us  that is , those who download digital songs without paying for them , and you know who you are  entirely off the hook .
But he suggests that with even a little foresight , record companies could have adapted to the Internet ’s brutish and quizzical new realities and thrived .
This is a story that begins in earnest in the early 1980s , when digital music first arrived in the form of the compact disc .
At first , Mr. Knopper suggests , almost everyone was frightened of these small , shiny new toys .
Old habits die hard , however .
The foreign ministry minders were unfailingly polite and cheerful , but straying from their official itinerary proved all but impossible .
And while portraits of Col Gaddafi - known simply as The Leader , or sometimes as Brother Gaddafi – are everywhere , asking questions about the Leader still produced a nervous reaction - even from seemingly loyal citizens .
" He brought us freedom , " said Osama Sharif , an English - speaking civil servant , who boasted that Libya had a " better form of democracy than you do in the West . "
But asked to translate the opinions of passers - by to see if they agreed , his confidence vanished .
" Do you have permission ? " he asked , before quickly disappearing .
Likewise , a bank employee abruptly ended his otherwise cheerful account of life when the colonel 's name came up .
It was , he muttered , a " dangerous " subject for discussion .
As Western diplomat based in Tripoli later put it : " There are still serious limits to freedom of speech and political activism here , and threats to the regime are dealt with severely . "
Mr Grant , who was travelling home after celebrating New Year 's Eve in San Francisco , can be seen rising to his knees before being pushed back down by police .
According to local television news reports , at least one of the home videos shows an officer putting his knee on Mr Grant before a colleague draws his gun and fires .
Mr Grant , a butcher at an Oakland supermarket , died later that morning .
A man from President Obama ’s hometown of Chicago has been arrested for allegedly sending Obama and his staff envelopes containing HIV - infected blood , in the hopes of killing or harming them .
It ’s only the second time ever that HIV - infected blood has been sent with malicious intent through the U.S. mail system , a spokesman for the U.S. Postal Inspection Service said .
In the weeks leading up to Obama ’s inauguration , Saad Hussein , an Ethiopian refugee in his late 20’s , sent an envelope addressed to “ Barack Obama ” to offices of the Illinois government in Springfield , Ill. , according to court documents .
The envelope contained a series of unusual items , including a letter with reddish stains and an admission ticket for Obama ’s election - night celebration in Chicago ’s Grant Park .
Court documents said Hussein , who takes drugs to treat a mental illness , later told FBI agents he is “ very sick with HIV ” and cut his fingers with a razor so he could bleed on the letter .
Hazmat teams were called in after the envelope was opened , and offices of the Illinois Department on Aging and the Department of Revenue were locked down for nearly two hours , locking 300 staffers in their offices , court documents said .
Hussein , with his brother acting as an interpreter , told FBI agents he was actually “ an admirer ” of Obama and was “ seeking help from the government , ” according to court documents .
He also told them he was hoping to obtain tickets to the inaugural ceremonies in Washington , the documents said .
Read the Full Story at FOXNews.com .
NEW DELHI : The first signs of a Pakistani footprint is showing up in the bloody mutiny that shook Bangladesh this week .
As mass graves continue to spew forth more bloody tales - 10 more bodies have been recovered , bringing the toll to 76 - what is emerging slowly is a larger design behind the apparently senseless killing over the past couple of days .
The preliminary interrogation of some of the rebels has thrown up the name of Salauddin Qadeer Chowdhury , a well - known shipping magnate and reportedly very close to the Pakistan military - intelligence complex and the opposition BNP .
According to sources monitoring the situation , about one crore taka has already changed hands to help the mutiny along .
Chowdhury , a close associate of opposition BNP leader Begum Khaleda Zia , was closely connected to the Chittagong arms drop case of April 2004 - the arms were apparently intended for ULFA .
The ships were caught carrying the arms .
Salauddin Chowdhury , belonging to an old Chittagong family , has been close to Pakistan for decades .
Trouble continues to brew in Dhaka , where the army cadres , particularly mid-level officers , are spoiling for a fight with the Bangladesh Rifles ( BDR ) cadres .
So far , the Bangladesh army leaders , led by army chief Moeen Ahmed , have kept the officers in check , which is making the present situation slightly different from 1975 .
According to the fire service operations chief , Sheikh Mohammad Shahjalal , 50 officers are still missing .
" We have so far removed 10 dead bodies .
They are badly decomposed and many are mutilated , " he said .
" They not only shot them dead but some bodies were badly mutilated with bayonets , " Shahjalal said .
It is increasingly clear that the chief targets are the army chief Moeen Ahmed and prime minister Sheikh Hasina who , reports say , has been moved to an army guest house for her personal safety .
In fact , a number of plots are surfacing , all intended to create confusion while the real targets would have been attacked .
Sources are also pointing to the scale of the brutality of the murders , the mutilations , etc , which they say are tell - tale signs of the Islamist ideologies that have infiltrated the lower cadres of the BDR , thanks to their extensive Jamaat - e - Islami and Jamaat - ul - Mujahideen Bangladesh ( JMB ) connections .
Behind the mutiny is the war crimes tribunal that Sheikh Hasina promised to set up for the trial of Pakistani collaborators or razakars from the independence war .
This had created trouble inside Bangladesh and Pakistan as well .
In fact , Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari sent an emissary to Sheikh Hasina , Pervez Ispahani , to persuade her to put off this trial as it could embarrass the Pak army considerably .
After the dust has settled down , Sheikh Hasina and Ahmed are likely to launch a purge of their own in the army , which is likely to create its own tensions .
In any case , it promises to keep Sheikh Hasina off balance for a while , as Bangladesh joins other tottering nations on India 's periphery .
QnA : Were the BDR backed by the Pakistani Army in the Bangladesh mutiny ?
If you are citizen of an European Union member nation , you may not use this service unless you are at least 16 years old .
Stop wasting time looking for files and revisions .
Connect your Gmail , Drive , Dropbox , and Slack accounts and in less than 2 minutes , Dokkio will automatically organize all your file attachments .
Learn more and claim your free account .
View Edit Log in to edit this page .
Learned Optimism Chris Yeh 8 years , 12 months ago Page history last edited by Learned Optimism By Martin Seligman Learned Helplessness
When people or dogs are exposed to shocks they cannot control , they learn helplessness .
They decide that nothing that they do matters , and even when they are transferred to an environment where they can escape their shocks , they simply give up .
On the other hand , when people or dogs are exposed to shocks that they can control , they learn efficacy , and escape more quickly when transferred to a different environment .
They have been " inoculated " against helplessness .
However , 1/3 of the subjects who are exposed to uncontrollable shocks never become helpless .
They never give up .
And 1/10 of the control subjects who received no training shocks are helpless from the start .
Explanatory Style
Whether or not you 're are vulnerable to helplessness depends on the way you explain things to yourself .
Permanence
Do you believe that bad events are permanent or temporary ?
What about good events ?
Permanent : Traits , abilities , " always "
Transient : Moods , effort , " sometimes "
Failure makes everyone at least momentarily helpless .
But how quickly do you recover ?
For some people , it is near instantaneous .
Others may never recover .
People who believe that good events have permanent causes try even harder after they succeed .
People who believe that good events have transient causes give up even when they succeed , believing success to be a fluke .
Pervasiveness : Specific vs. Universal
People who make universal explanations for their failures give up on everything when a failure strikes in one area .
People who make specific explanations may become helpless in that one area , but not in any others .
Optimists believe that bad events have specific causes and are compartmentalized , and that good events enhance everything they do .
Pessimists believe that bad events have universal causes , and good events have specific factors .
Hope Finding temporary and specific causes for misfortune is the art of hope ; finding permanent and universal causes is the practice of despair .
Personalization : Internalize vs. Externalize
People who blame themselves have low self - esteem as a result .
People who blame external events preserve their self - esteem and like themselves better .
Optimists internalize good events and externalize bad events .
Pessimists do the opposite .
My Explanatory Style
My explanatory style is extremely optimistic ; of the 48 questions , I was only 3 - 4 answers away from perfect optimism .
Depression The Depression Epidemic Several studies have shown that the prevalence of depression has risen an order of magnitude during the 20th Century .
People born before WWI had a 1 % chance of being depressed at some point in their life .
People born around 1925 had a 4 % chance .
And people born around 1955 had a 6 % chance .
This is even worse , because the older people had lived more years in which they could have become depressed .
Not only is severe depression more common , it also strikes at an earlier age
It appears that the cause of depression is the same as the cause of learned helplessness : the belief that your actions will be futile .
Depression and Explanatory Style Women are twice as likely to suffer depression as men because they think differently .
Men tend to act rather than reflect .
Women tend to contemplate their depression , trying to analyze it and determine its source .
This rumination , coupled with pessimism , leads to depression .
This may also help explain the depression epidemic , as we live in a society obsessed with self - consciousness .
Susan Nolen - Hoeksma of Stanford did an experiment .
Sad people were given a choice between selecting words that decribed their mood or ranking a list of nations based on their wealth .
70 % of women chose to focus on their mood .
70 % of men chose the distracting geographic test .
Curing Depression Cognitive therapy works
You learn to recognize the automatic thoughts that pop into your head at the times you feel worst
You learn to dispute your automatic thoughts by marshaling contrary evidence
You learn to make different explanations , called reattributions , and use them to dispute your automatic thoughts
You learn how to distract yourself from depresing thoughts .
You learn to recognize and question the depression - sowing assumptions governing so much of what you do Optimism in the workplace
For a challenging job , there are three prerequisites of success
Aptitude
Motivation
Optimism
The case against pessimism Promotes depression
Produces inertia rather than activity in the face of setbacks
Feels bad subjectively - - blue , down worried , anxious
Self - fulling ; pessimists do n't persist in the face of challenges and thus fail more frequently ( even when success is attainable )
Is associated with poor physical health
Even when pessimists turn out to be right , they still feel worse than the deluded optimists .
The Met Life Study on Salesforce Hiring
The more optimistic half of agents studied sold 37 % more than the pessimistic half
The most optimistic 10 % sold 88 % more than the most pessimistic 10 %
The pessimistic half was 2x as likely to quit in the 1st year
The most pessimistic quarter was 3 x as likely to quit in the 1st year
As an experiment , Met Life hired 129 optimists who had narrowly failed the qualifying test .
These optimists did just as well as optimists who had passed the test .
Why does pessimism exist ?
Pessimists are sadder but more realistic .
Optimists distort reality in a self - serving direction and pessimists tend to see reality accurately .
Depressed people more accurately judge how much control they have .
Optimists overestimate their control , particularly when they are helpless and have no control at all
Optimists wildly overestimate their abilities ; 80 % of American men think that they are above average in social skills
In laboratory tests which are rigged that that they get 20 questions right and 20 questions wrong , pessimists report getting 21 right .
Optimists report getting 28 right .
Pessimism and body cycles
In the late morning and early evening , we are more optimistic .
In the late afternoon and the middle of the night , we are more pessimistic .
Children and Optimism Pre-pubescent children are extremely optimistic , with a capacity for hope and an immunity to hopelessness they will never again possess after puberty .
Up until puberty , girls are more optimistic than boys
Children 's explanatory style is enormously lopsided ; even depressed children are about as optimistic as the average non-depressed adult
Children do get depressed about as much as adults , but they do not get hopeless , and they do not commit suicide .
Children younger than 7 never commit suicide , even though children as young as 5 commit homicide .
Explanatory style
The three factors that shape explanatory style are :
The form of the everyday causal analyses he hears from parents , especially mothers
The form of criticism he hears when he fails ( if permanent and pervasive , he 'll turn to pessimism )
Early losses and traumas .
If they remit , he will learn that bad things can be changed and conquered .
If they are permanent and pervasive , the seeds of hopelessness will be planted .
Parents Explanatory style tends to be set early ; by the third grade , you 'll determine whether you 're an optimist or a pessimist .
Children adopt their mother 's explanatory style .
Their father 's explanatory style has no effect ( this is probably a product of mothers typically being the primary caregiver ) .
School Carol Dweck 's studies showed that girls and boy hear very different explanations in their teacher 's criticisms .
Because the girls tend to be well - behaved and the boys do n't , when failure occurs , girls tend to get more permanent and pervasive explanations , whereas boys are blamed for poor behavior ( which is temporary and specific ) .
When given impossible problems to solve , the two sexes gave very different explanations
Girls : " I 'm not very good at word games . "
" I guess I 'm not that bright . "
Boys : " I was n't paying attention . "
" Who cares about your lousy puzzles anyways ? "
Childhood crisis
Our childhood crises may set our explanatory style
Girls whose families experienced but recovered from the Great Depression tended to be optimists .
Girls whose families did n't recover learned helplessness and became pessimists .
This difference could still be detected in the pessimism levels of their daughters , 40 years later .
The London study George Brown studied the housewives of the poorest areas of London
20 % were depressed , 10 % psychotically
He found three protective factors that fought off depression
Intimate relationship with a spouse or lover
A job outside the home
NOT having three or more children under the age of 14 to take care of
He found two major risk factors
Recent loss ( e.g. death of a husband , son emigrating to another country )
Death of their own mother before the subject reached her teens
" If your mother dies when you are young , you think about later losses in the most hopeless ways . "
Sidebar : CAVE Content Analysis of Verbatim Explanations
Take the verbatim written statements of the subject ( e.g. quotes from local sports coverage of an athlete ) and rate them on permanence , pervasiveness , and personalization .
Optimism at school The Princeton - Penn Longitudinal Study ( 400 children ) 3rd grade pessimists either got depressed or stayed depressed ( if already depressed )
3rd grade optimists either never got depressed , or recovered quickly Trauma A brother or sister leaves home for college or work
A pet dies
A grandparent the child knows well dies
The child moves to a new school
The parents fight / divorce ( the # 1 problem for kids ) Divorce Children of divorce tend to be much more depressed
More bad things happen to them than children of intact families -- even things that can't be explained by the divorce
3.5 x chance that a sibling will be hospitalized
3.5 x chance that the child will be hospitalized
2x chance that a friend of the child will die
2x chance that a grandparent will die
Alas , parents who fight a lot but do n't get divorced cause nearly as many problems .
Girls vs. Boys
At every point in the study ( 3rd - 7th grade ) , boys are more depressed than girls , and girls are more optimistic The UPenn Frosh Study Optmists rose to the occasion and performed as well as or better than predicted .
Pessimists were more likely to underperform
The West Point Study Pessimists were far more likely to quit , and get worse grades than their SATs predict Optimism in Sports Team Sports The 85/86 Mets and Cardinals
The Mets were the most optimistic team in the NL ( or the the one least likely to admit fault ) .
The Cardinals were the 4th most pessimistic .
The next season , the Mets won the World Series and the Cardinals fell apart
Optimistic teams show better pressure batting stats the following season
Optimistic teams win more games the following season than their previous W - L record would predict
The NBA : Atlantic Division , 84/85
" The Celtics sound like manic patients .
Bad events were always explained away as tempory , specific , and not their fault . "
The Celtics beat the spread in games following a loss 68 % of the time in 84 and 81 % of the time in 85 ( they beat the spread 52 % and 47 % respectively in games following a win ) .
The Nets were pessimists , despite a winning record
The Nets beat the spread only 38 % of the time following a loss , though they beat the spread 49 % of the time after a win .
After changing personnel and becoming a more optimistic team , they beat the spread 62 % of the time .
Conclusions on team sports
Teams have an explanatory style
Explanatory style predicts results above and beyond ability
Optimism leads to success and pessimism to failure
Explanatory style has its effect on teams under pressure -- after a loss , or in the late innings of close games .
Individual Sports
The Berkeley swim team , including Matt Biondi , was tested under lab conditions .
The coaches would tell the athletes that they had swum the event worse than they actually had ( very disappointing , but difficult to detect )
Matt Biondi swam the 100 fly in 50.2 seconds , and was told he swam it in 51.7 .
Surprised and disappointed , he awm it again a few minutes later , and swam it in 50.0 seconds .
He got faster after defeat .
Overall , optimists either maintained or improved performance after disappointment .
Pessimists deteriorated by 2 seconds in a 100 - yard event -- the difference between first place and dead last .
Optimism and Health Nursing home residents who have more choice and control are more active , happier , and less likely to die .
Madelon Visintainer 's rat sarcoma study
Injected rats with tumor cells so that there was a 50 % chance of life or death
50 % of control rats ( no shocks ) lived
70 % of rats with controllable shocks lived
27 % of rats with uncontrollable shocks lived
These results held even if the tumor was implanted long after the shocks -- childhood mastery could immunize the rats against cancer .
Mechanisms Learned helplessness weakens the immune system -- T - cells no longer multiply rapidly and NK cells lose their ability to kill foreign invaders .
Optimists are better at seeking and sticking to medical advice .
Pessimists have more trouble quitting smoking , and get sick more often
Optimists suffer fewer life traumas , which make us vulnerable to illness
Optimists have better social support
Middle - aged people with at least one good friend have much better health than the friendless
Unmarried people are at a higher risk of depression
People who isolate themselves when sick tend to get sicker
Pessimistic college students have twice as many infectious illnesses and make twice as many doctor visits as optimists
Optimists tended to avoid recurrences of breast cancer .
Even if the cancer recurred , optimists survived longer .
The Grant Study ( 200 men from the Harvard classes of 1939 - 1944 , selected for fitness and intellect )
" These men experienced just about the same rate of heartbreak and mortal shock as men who were born at the same time in the inner city . "
Men who used " mature defenses " ( humor , altruism , sublimation ) went on to have much more successful and healthy lives .
At age 60 , none were chronically ill , versus 1/3 for men with " immature defenses " ( denial , projection ) .
Before 45 , optimism has no effect on health .
But as the body declines , optimism becomes the primary determinant of health .
Curing cancer Cognitive therapy dramatically raised killer cell activity in cancer patients .
Politics , Religion , and Culture From 1948 to 1984 , the more optimistic candidate won 9 out of 10 presidential elections .
The one exception was Nixon in 1968 , where Humphrey 's campaign was marred by riots at the Democratic National Convention
A pessimist is likely to make fewer campaign stops ( confirmed by the research ) , be less well - liked , and engender less hope .
From 1900 to 1944 , the more optimistic candidate won 9 of 12 elections -- the main exception was three - time candidate FDR , whose pessimistic speeches reflected the grim times .
In the 1988 election , CAVE analysis correctly predicted 86 % of Senate races , including all but one upset .
A comparison of the secular and non-secular writings of Russian Jews and Russian Orthodox showed that the Jews were much more optimistic in their religious writings .
Perhaps this optimism had some effect on their likelihood to emigrate .
Changing from Pessimism to Optimism
When to use Optimism
If you are in an achievement situation ( e.g. selling , writing a book )
If you are concerned about how you will feel
If the situation is likely to be protracted , and your physical health is an issue
If you want to lead , inspire , or win votes When to use Pessimism
If your goal is to plan for a risky and uncertain future
If your goal is to counsel others whose future is dim , do not use optimism initially
If you want to appear sympathetic , do n't start with optimism , though using it later once confidence and empathy are established will help
If the cost of failure is high , optimism is the wrong strategy .
The ABCDE Model Definition A = Adversity
B = Belief
C = Consequences
D = Disputation
E = Energization Adversity
The objective description of what happened ( not your interpretation of it ) Belief Your beliefs are how you interpret the adversity .
Be sure to separate thoughts from feelings ( feelings are Consequences )
You can check the accuracy of thoughts ; you can't check the accuracy of feelings -- if you feel sad , you are sad Consequences
Your feelings , and what you did .
Often you will feel more than one thing
Write down as many as you are aware of
What did you do then ?
Disputation
There are two ways to deal with pessimistic beliefs -- distraction and disputation
Distraction
There are several simple but effective thought - stopping techniques
Ringing a loud bell
Carry a 3x5 card with the word STOP on it
Wear a rubber band around your wrist and snap it hard
To keep your thoughts from returning to a negative belief , direct your attention elsewhere
Concentrate on a small object with all your focus
When adversity strikes , schedule some time -- later - - for thinking things over
Write the troublesome thoughts down the moment they occur
Disputation
A deeper , more lasting remedy for disturbing beliefs is to dispute them .
Go on the attack .
It 's easy to distance oneself from the accusations of others , but when we launch the attack ourselves , we assume it must be true .
Wrong !
The 4 Disputation Techniques Evidence
Show that the negative belief is factually incorrect .
Ask , " What is the evidence for this belief ? "
Unlike positive thinking , which consists of trying to believe upbeat statements in the absence of evidence , learned optimism is about accuracy
Repeating positive statements does n't raise mood or achievement ; it 's how you cope with negative statements that has effect ( " the power of non-negative thinking " )
Most people catastrophize -- they select the potential cause with the direst implications -- you can easily dispute this by pointing to the distortions in this
Alternatives
Most events have many causes .
Pessimists latch on to the worst possible cause .
To generate alternative explanations , focus on changeable , specific , non-personal causes
Implications ** Sometimes , the negative belief is correct .
If that 's the case , you can still de-catastrophize .
" Even if my belief is correct , what are it's real implications ? "
You can then repeat the search for evidence
Usefulness
Sometimes , the consequences of holding a belief matter more than the truth of that belief
E.g .
Your belief that life is n't fair is true , but does n't do much for you
If a belief is n't useful , try distraction , or look to the future .
" Is the situation changeable ?
How can I go about changing it ? "
Practice the ABCDE technique with a friend or spouse providing the negative criticism to challenge you .
Helping your child escape pessimism
Let your child fill out the ABC portion , then help him dispute the consequences
Identify the cause behind the consequence .
Then use Evidence , Alternatives , Implications , and Usefulness .
When using externalization of voices , you may want to use a puppet rather than attaching your child directly The Optimistic Organization The Three Edges of Optimism 1 ) Select optimistic employees 2 ) Place employees in the right roles Optimistic Jobs : Require persistence , initiative , bring frequent frustration , rejection , and defeat .
Sales
PR
Presenting and Acting
Fundraising
Creative jobs
Highly competitive jobs
High - burnout jobs Pessimistic Jobs : Require a pronounced sense of reality .
Low - defeat jobs , low turnover , low - pressure .
Jobs that need people who know when not to charge ahead and to err on the side of caution .
Design and safety engineering
Technical and cost estimating
Contract negotiation
Financial control and accounting
Law ( but not litigation )
Business administration
Statistics
Technical Writing
Quality control
Industrial - relations management 3 ) Learning Optimism
You can apply the same ABCDE technique
The focus is on getting past your personal " wall " , the part of your work that most makes you want to give up ( e.g. cold - calling ) .
E.g . Write up an ABC report for each of 10 cold calls .
Analyze the pessimism in your statements
Now do it again , but this time , dispute the consequences , and write down the energization and feelings that ensue Flexible Optimism Why Has Depression Increased ?
The Waxing of the Self We are now a culture of maximal selves , with endless choices , obsessed with our own feelings ( versus the old - fashioned minimal self , which was less concerned with feelings and more concerned with duty ) .
This might not have been harmful , except that it coincided with a diminished sense of community and a loss of higher purpose The Waning of the Commons
The erosion of belief in nation coincided with a breakdown of the family and a decline in the belief in God .
Individuals no longer have a safety net to prevent helplessness from becoming hopelessness ( the tight - knit Kaluli tribesmen of New Guinea do not have depression )
Extreme individualism tends to maximize the pessimistic explanatory style , since there is little else to attribute failures to than the self .
And without the consolation of religion , individual failure seems permanent and catastrophic .
" In order to shed depression and attain meaning , we will rashly surrender the newly won freedoms that individualism brings , giving up personal control and concern for the individual .
The 20th century is riddled with disastrous examples of societies that have done just this to cure their ills .
The current yearning for fundamentalist religion throughout the world appears to be such a response . "
The Strengths of the Maximal Self Perhaps we can retain our belief in the importance of the individual , but diminish our preoccupation with our own comfort and discomfort
The answer may be the moral equivalent of jogging
Set aside and personally give away 5 % of your income .
Advertise that you 're giving the money away , interview prospective grantees , give the money , and follow its use to a successful conclusion
Give up some activity you do for your own pleasure ( roughly one evening per week ) and spend this time in an activity devoted to the well - being of others or the community .
When asked by a homeless person for money , talk to him .
If he will use the money nondestructively , give him at least $ 10 .
When you read of particularly heroic or despicable acts , write letters to them .
Follow up with letter to politicians and others who can act directly .
Teach your children how to give things away
Experienced volunteers report that a major surprise for them is the lift they derive from their work .
They discover that the poor and sick are not monster but very human beings ; that modest heroism among the afflicted is the rule rather than the exception ; that while what they see as volunteers may sadden them , it does not depress them ; and that quite often they are deeply moved .
It is liberating to see firsthand that among the theoretically helpless there is frequently an amazing degree of master , spiritual and psychological .
One of the great bulwarks of the maximal self is that it believes the self can change the way it thinks .
We can learn optimism .
Learned optimism alone will not stem the tide of depression ; optimism is just a useful adjunct to wisdom .
By itself , it can not provide meaning .
Optimism is a tool to help the individual achieve the goals he has set for himself .
It is in the choice of the goals themselves that meaning -- or emptines -- resides .
When learned optimism is coupled with a renewed commitment to the commons , our epidemic of depression and meaninglessness may end .
Learned Optimism
Tip :
To turn text into a link , highlight the text , then click on a page or file from the list above .
Printable version
On Monday Paramount & DreamWorks will be releasing the official version of the trailer in HD , so until then , enjoy the bootleg .
The full - length trailer for “ ” is attached to Friday the 13th , which is in theaters this weekend .
Directed by Michael Bay , the sequel starsand .
“ Transformers 2 : Revenge of the Fallen ” hits theaters on June 26 , 2009 .
Huckabee gets even with Ann Coulter , rattling off her insults and lies David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday January 12 , 2009
Print This Email This Former Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee gave conservative pundit Ann Coulter a warm welcome when she appeared on his Fox News show on Saturday , but it did n't take long for the knives to come out .
After confronting Coulter with a series of her insults and lies about him during last winter 's primaries , Huckabee proclaimed , " This is my ' get even ' moment with you , Ann .
I 've been waiting for this for a long , stinking time . "
Huckabee began by playing clips of some of Coulter 's statements .
" He 's a stupid Christian , he 's easily led , " she said of Huckabee in December 2007 .
In another clip , she complained , " I do n't think he 's very bright .
That 's why they like him .
He 's their version of an evangelical .
They 'd like him better if he still weighed 600 pounds .
That would be perfect . "
As the audience gasped in shock , Huckabee went on to charge Coulter with saying a variety of things about him and his positions that were n't true .
" You said I was stupid , " Huckabee went on .
" Do you think I 'm stupid ?
Look at me in the face , Ann .
Tell me . "
" No , you are not , " Coulter acknowledged .
" A little more conservative and you would have had my vote . "
" I 'm going to ask you to read my book , " Huckabee replied .
" I 'm pro-life , I 'm very pro-Second Amendment , I am not -- as you characterized me in one article -- pro-gay , pro-sodomy .
That is so not me . "
" Yes ! " exploded Coulter .
" There was a Supreme Court decision you said you agreed or disagreed with .
Yes !
I got you on that , Mike Huckabee . "
" No , you did n't , " Huckabee replied .
" I am definitely not pro-sodomy .
I promise , Scout 's honor .
There are many things I may be , but that is not one of them . "
In a December 19 , 2007 column , Coulter wrote about " secular liberals swooning over Huckabee ... because he fits their image of what an evangelical should be : stupid and easily led . "
She illustrated this point with a remark Huckabee made on his radio show in 2003 , agreeing with a caller that a Supreme Court decision the previous week striking down an anti-sodomy law as unconstitutional " ' probably was appropriate ' ... because a law ' that prohibited private behavior among adults ' would be difficult to enforce . "
" Go after the liberals , " Huckabee urged .
" That 's your target .
I 'm not one of them . "
" I am the enforcer , " Coulter proclaimed defiantly .
" I keep Republicans staying on the straight and narrow by viciously attacking them . "
" You did n't have to keep me .
I was already there , " Huckabee retorted .
The audience finally started booing Coulter as she insisted again that " I was right about the sodomy decision .
...
You were being pushed into it by the liberal media . "
This video is from Fox 's Huckabee , broadcast Jan. 10 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
02/03/2009
Yes , life is short .
So while you all are off having your affairs , let us f*** ing marry !
by Jeremy Hooper
We listen to the Howard Stern show , and so are quite aware of AshleyMadison.com ( a frequent Stern advertiser ) .
However , it was n't until our pal Joe Jervis at Joe .
My .
God mentioned it that we realized :
Yes , we gay folk totally should tell all of the " pro-family " types who accuse gays of destroying the sanctity of marriage about this , a site where married HETERO people go for the sole purpose of finding someone with which to have affair .
Around 3.3 million of them go there , in fact .
This from Joe :
Hey , did you know there 's a dating website with over 3 million members that 's just for heterosexuals looking to redefine the definition of marriage ?
AshleyMadison.com 's slogan : " Life is short .
Have an affair . "
The company tried to run an ad during the Super Bowl , but were turned down by NBC and the NFL .
However a local station in Texas ( which is apparently a seething sweaty hotbed of infidelity ) was happy to run the commercial , which was not received very well by some .
*KEEP READING : Sanctity Of Marriage , Vol. XLIII [ J.M.G. ]
Now , of course the religious right would never gun for these proud cheaters in the same way that they go after committed homos , because there 's no money or political capital for them to mine in the reality that is heterosexual infidelity .
But we know it 's out there .
Perhaps it 's time that we make a concerted effort to make sure that all of our " pro-family " buddies do as well .
** Watch the commercial they tried to air :
Classy .
Your thoughts
. . .
This is arfing legal ?!
Posted by : Clicky the Fox | Feb 3 , 2009 8:06:01 PM
Well Clicky , since everyone involved is consenting , it would probably be unconstitutional to criminalize it .
Hmm ...
I wonder how long after we get marriage recognition will it take for someone to make a gay version of this .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Feb 3 , 2009 8:38:11 PM
This is a KEEPER !
It will be useful .... somehow .
Here 's JMG final recommendation : Gay activists should email a link to AshleyMadison.com to every wingnut that uses the expression " sanctity of marriage " .
If they want to use every bizarre little instance of a gay person acting badly against us , let 's throw THREE MILLION CHEATERS in their face .
Posted by : LOrion | Feb 3 , 2009 11:12:21 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
WASHINGTON - Jimmy Carter is still trying his hand at peacemaking - this time among Palestinians themselves .
In an interview with the Globe yesterday , Carter said he had obtained an agreement in writing from the leaders of the militant movement Hamas , which controls the Gaza Strip , and the moderate Fatah party , which rules in the West Bank , to form a unity government of technocrats .
" They both have some preconditions , which is not very good , " the former president said .
" But [ Prime Minister ] Salam Fayyad , representing Fatah , could form a government with Hamas in a very short time under the auspices of Saudi Arabia and Egypt . "
Past efforts to form a unity government have failed , in part because the Bush administration discouraged Fatah - a moderate party that has agreed to peace talks with Israel - from joining with Hamas , a group the United States classifies as a terrorist organization because it refuses to give up violence against civilians as a means of achieving a Palestinian state .
Talks to form a joint government began in 2006 , after Hamas won parliamentary elections .
But efforts were frustrated by the international community 's rejection of Hamas , and Israel 's arrest of dozens of Hamas legislators after militants tied to the group kidnapped Israeli Corporal Gilad Shalit in a cross - border raid .
In 2007 , tension between Hamas and Fatah erupted into open war , with Hamas chasing Fatah out of Gaza .
The situation has complicated efforts for the Obama administration and its envoy , George Mitchell , former US senator from Maine , to restart peace talks aimed at creating a Palestinian state .
Carter , who is promoting his new book , " We Can Have Peace in the Holy Land , " said he met on Dec. 10 in Damascus with Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal and later communicated with Fatah 's Mahmoud Abbas , and that both endorsed the idea of forming a joint government of technocrats in order for new elections to be held .
Following the meetings , Carter said he sent a letter to both leaders outlining a framework for a new government which they had discussed , and said they both sent him a written response approving the plan .
Carter declined to detail the components of the proposal they endorsed but said he forwarded the letters to Omar Suleiman , the Egyptian official in charge of efforts to broker a lasting cease - fire with Israel .
Israelis - who have been negotiating with Fatah - have vehemently opposed a unity government that would give Hamas more legitimacy .
But this week , the European Union endorsed the idea this week as a means of rebuilding war - torn Gaza and ending the political isolation of the people there .
Whether the Obama administration will shift its policy toward a unity government or toward Hamas remains to be seen .
Obama 's public statements on Hamas echo those of President George W. Bush .
But shortly before Mitchell left for his trip to the Middle East , he asked Carter to urgently send a copy of his new book - which includes a chapter titled " Can Hamas Play a Positive Role ? "
Carter said .
" I think George Mitchell will carry out his mandate , " Carter said .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
It ’s well known that Apple is one of the most creative and innovative companies in the world , so it ’s no wonder that many software companies and web designers would choose to follow Apple ’s style of branding .
The Apple website is one of the best websites out there due to its ease of use , functionality and the beautiful environment that it creates .
I looked at websites that use one or more design elements inspired by Apple.com .
Some of these sites sell Mac software and apps , so it makes sense for them to keep the same Apple look and feel .
Consider this though :
How many software companies that develop for Windows , choose to brand their websites to look like Vista ?
I have included a few screenshots of the Apple website , just in case you have n’t never seen it before .
Apple.com
1. Icon Designer
2. iSlayer
3. Versions
4. Checkout
5. Small Transport
6. MacRabbit
7. 280 Slides
8. Disco
9. Warehouse
10 . Cha-Ching
11 . RapidWeaver
12 . DeskLickr
13 . Tangerine !
14 . 1 Password
15 . Jumsoft
16 . Roxio Toast
17 . CandyBar
18 . Cultured Code
19 . Anxiety
20 . Tao Effect
21 . TaskMate
22 . The Invoice Machine
Chad Mueller owns and runs the design inspiration blog ; Inspiredology .
He is also a freelance designer who enjoys working on websites , blogs , logos and anything to get his creative juices flowing .
Do you know of any other good examples ?
Please share with us …
The rivers freezing is what dolphin rescue groups have feared since 16 of the animals showed up in the two rivers in June .
They cite the 1993 case of four dolphins who died when the Shrewsbury froze and an attempt to herd the dolphins out to open water drove them deeper under the ice , where they drowned .
PLEASE NOTE :
This website is no longer being updated as of 1/1/2014 2013 and older back Issues Of Blues Blast Magazine Current Issue
Blues Blast Magazine has a new home !
Our new website is www.BluesBlastMagazine.com
Only content before 1/1/2014 is available here .
All new content and new issues of the magazine are available at the new website
I am getting tired of listening to all of the pundits saying that the current decline resembles the 1974 bear or the 1987 bear markets .
How about looking at some data !
So , I used my TC2007 market price history database to compute how much the Dow Jones Industrial average declined in prior bear markets after the market ’s peak .
The results , presented in the table below , are quite revealing and unsettling if one is looking for a near term bottom .
I would be interested to learn if you agree with my analysis .
Twenty days after the Dow had peaked , the Dow was down 7 - 10 % in each of these beginning bear markets .
By 40 days post Dow peak , the 1987 decline had already bottomed out ( - 41 % by day 39 ) and rebounded to - 26 % .
The ferocity of the 1929 bear was evident early on , showing a 40 % decline by day 40 .
In comparison , the 1973 and 2007 bears appear puny , registering only 4 % to 8 % declines by day 40 .
The 1973 and 2007 bears tracked each other quite closely until 260 days post the Dow peak .
By day 260 , the 2007 bear was actually showing a greater than the decline that started in 1929 ( - 40 % vs. - 38 % ) and was more than twice the decline shown in the 1973 bear market ( - 17 % ) .
Since day 260 , the current bear market has resembled the 1929 bear market closely , with declines being about 14 percentage points smaller .
I would conclude then , that the current bear market is tracking much closer to the one that began in 1929 than to the 1973 and 1987 bears .
What can this tell us about the likely duration and depth of the current decline ?
First , if the current market decline resembles more the one that began in 1929 than in 1973 , we would suspect that the current decline will last longer than the 1973 decline of 482 days and somewhat nearer the duration of the 1929 bear of 714 days .
We are currently 342 market days post Dow peak , by my count .
This suggests to me that the current decline could last another 370 + market days or about 74 more calendar weeks .
In addition , if the current decline continues to track about 14 percentage points below the 1929 bear , its bottom of - 89 % , implies that the Dow could ultimately reach a bottom that is down about 75 % below the Dow ’s peak of 14,198.10 or about 3550 .
Finally , it is likely that all market declines are driven by the economic context as well as investor psychology .
So , note that major breaks during the 1973 and 1929 bears occurred around 420 - 440 days after the Dow ’s peak .
This could imply that a major psychological reaction ( disgust ? fear ? ) occurs around this stage of a decline and that the current market decline could accelerate at that time , about 4 months from now .
Of course , my interpretations are all based on the idea that the current bear will continue to track the 1929 bear .
One can not be too sure of how bears will behave though–ask any California state park trooper .
Regardless , I think I am now more likely to pull back my horns and stay in cash or in a short position .
It looks to me like this decline will continue at least as long as the 1973 bear–unless it does n’t .
The GMI ( 0 to 6 ) and GMI - R ( 0 to 10 ) remain at zero .
There were 7 new highs and 718 new lows in my universe of 4,000 stocks on Friday .
This was the most new lows since late November 21st ( 1835 ) at the bottom of that decline .
The Worden T2108 Indicator is at 13 % , in what used to be bottom territory .
My General Market Indicators ( GMI ) have helped me to steer clear of market declines since 1995 .
It is absolutely astonishing to me that the financial establishment continues to urge people to stay invested .
I guess it is because brokers and mutual fund managers make no fees if their customers just sit in cash .
Anyway , as this table shows my GMI indicators continue to be in a terrible state .
The last time I saw at least 100 daily new highs in my universe of 4,000 stocks was on September 19 , and since then the few stocks that hit new highs rarely were trading higher 10 days later .
Thus , buying growth stocks at break - out highs has been a losers game .
This method , made famous by Nicolas Darvas on his way to making 2 million dollars in two years , just does not work when the general market is declining .
Why is it that when most stocks are declining , most people look for stocks to buy ?
Falling stocks fall for a reason , and most stocks are falling these days .
It is so easy to make money buying stocks in a rising market when the GMI is greater than 3 !
As for now , the best thing for me to do is to be short or in cash .
The way to make big money in investing is to be out of the market during the worst times .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Print
More
Skype
Pocket
Pinterest
Tumblr
Reddit
Telegram
WhatsApp
We are lucky to have Barack Obama as president .
I write that even though I believe the content of his Tuesday evening speech deserved no more than a B+ / A- , for its failure to seriously address the origins of the banking crisis and for only hinting at the severe military budget cuts required to get close to his goal of reducing the federal deficit by the end of his first term .
But first the positives , which were stunning , and I am not referring only to his superb delivery , which thankfully is logical and informed and inspires without pandering .
The one truly memorable , historically significant line — unfortunately desperately needed because of the shameful actions of his predecessor — was : “ … I can stand here tonight and say without exception or equivocation that the United States does not torture . ”
That simple declarative sentence justifies my vote for the man , no matter my disagreements with him .
It is recognition of the essential vitality of a free society as defined by our Founders through the protections they wrote into the Constitution and which George W. Bush so casually demolished .
As Obama put it , “ … [ L ] iving our values does n’t make us weaker , it makes us safer and it makes us stronger . ”
Another gift of this speech is the reassertion that government exists to redress our grievances rather than exacerbate them .
His is a bold reincarnation of the wisdom of Franklin Delano Roosevelt that the Democratic Party had all but abandoned .
Obama ’s insistence that government rather than just the “ free market ” should set needed priorities is refreshing and important , particularly in light of his emphasizing the changes needed in education , health care and energy efficiency — the three areas that a short - term view of economic growth has systematically neglected since the New Deal .
So , he was great , and when I was just listening to the speech , I was quite enthralled , as were those around me .
But on reading his remarks , I have questions .
Speaking of the financial crisis , he observed , quite correctly , “ … [ I ] t is only by understanding how we arrived at this moment that we ’ll be able to lift ourselves out of this predicament . ”
Then he went on to observe , “ Regulations were gutted for the sake of a quick profit at the expense of a healthy market . ”
Leave aside that his top economic advisers , particularly Lawrence Summers , were responsible for that gutting .
Maybe they have reformed and will now do the right thing .
But the right thing begins with a recognition that it was deregulation , specifically the ending of all statutory regulation of the “ hybrid instruments , ” that allowed for the exotic financial products that have turned so toxic .
Just read the language of the Commodity Futures Modernization Act , which Summers as treasury secretary pushed and which he got lame - duck President Bill Clinton to sign .
When Obama stated “ I ask Congress to move quickly on legislation that will finally reform our outdated regulatory system , ” he missed the point .
The system is not outdated ; it is a get - out - of - jail - free card for Wall Street bandits .
Unless we return to the New Deal - created rules that separated the activities of banks , stockbrokers and insurance companies and put them under tight regulation , we are doomed to a repeat of this meltdown .
The other problem with the speech is that while Obama made some fleeting references to getting rid of Cold War -era weapons and did promise an end to the Iraq disaster , he once again left open the door to the United States being trapped in an even more treacherous quagmire in Afghanistan .
At some point , if he is to make good on his promise to cut the deficit by half within four years , he will have to confront the military - industrial complex , which now obtains much larger annual budget allocations than when President Dwight Eisenhower issued his famous warning .
Currently , military spending makes up 60 percent of the federal government ’s discretionary budget .
Let me offer one example of why the president must begin to turn swords into plowshares if we are to have a sound economy .
That example concerns his bold call for spending $ 15 billion a year on the entire program to develop alternative sources of energy .
Sounds like a lot of money , but it is n’t when one considers that an almost equal amount , $ 14 billion , for Virginia - class submarines — worthless in fighting landlocked terrorists — was pushed through the Congress in the month before Obama took office .
The critical test for Obama will be to break that incestuous circle of influence — particularly the clout of the bankers and the war profiteers and the other top lobbies that pay off both parties — and put the public interest first .
detoxification therapies
It 's an irrational concept , yet an intriguing idea , that modern life so fills us with poisons from polluted air and food additives that we need to be periodically " cleaned out " ( " detoxified " ) .
Never mind that natural chemicals in our foods are thousands of times more potent than additives , or that most Americans are healthier , live longer , and can choose from the most healthful food supply ever available .
-- Frances M. Berg , M.S. Real detoxification of foreign substances takes place in the liver , which modifies their chemical structure so they can be excreted by the kidneys which filter them from the blood into the urine .
-- Stephen Barrett , M.D. " Toxin " is classic pseudoscience terminology . "
-- Ben Goldacre , M.D. " ... these detox programs amount to a large quantity of excrement , both literally and figuratively . ”
-- Peter Pressman , M.D .
A detoxification therapy claims to remove toxic substances from the body .
Toxic substances may be natural or synthetic , and occur in a wide variety of strengths .
Plants , for example , produce toxins that ward off or kill pests .
Synthetic insecticides also kill pests .
Most foods have toxins occurring in small amounts that are not likely to be harmful to most people .
Many toxic substances occur naturally in foods , e.g. , arsenic , but in doses so small as not to be worthy of concern .
( There is no way to know that a particular dose of a toxic substance could never harm anyone . )
Some toxins , like botulinum or the venom of an inland taipan or box jellyfish , are deadly .
Botulinum toxin , produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum , is the most dangerous toxin to humans .
Oddly , botulinum toxin can also heal , demonstrating an important point : not all dangerous toxins are always dangerous to your health .
The dose makes the poison .
Some toxins come from environmental pollution , e.g. , PCBs ( polychlorinated biphenyls ) , phthalates , and asbestos . *
Some toxic substances , like lead or methyl mercury , can cause irreversible neurological damage .
Chelation therapy is a scientific treatment for the removal of heavy metals such as lead .
Chelation therapy is sometimes used to treat coronary artery disease , but there is scant evidence that the treatment removes plaque buildup in the arteries .
Most detoxification therapies are probably as ineffective as chelation is for removing plaque from arteries .
Insofar as drugs can destroy the brain or the liver , they are toxic and the expression " drug detox " is not a misnomer .
Overcoming an opiate addiction , however , may not involve the removal of a poisonous substance from one 's body and most of us probably do not think of alcohol , tobacco , heroin , or cocaine as poisons .
Even so , some substances are toxic and therapies to eliminate them from usage are rightly called detoxification therapies .
Outside of being treated for poisoning or certain kinds of addiction , the word ' detox ' has no meaning , according to a pamphlet published by a group of thirty - six people calling itself Sense About Science ( SAS ) .
( A summary of the group 's findings may be found on their website . )
There are thousands of products that use the claim of detoxification as their main selling point .
SAS investigated 15 representative products and found that none of the products identified a single toxic substance as one their product removed , none of the manufacturers of the products could provide compelling scientific evidence that the product removes toxic substances , none of the sellers had a clue what the products actually do , and nobody involved in making or selling these detox products could provide a comprehensive definition of ' detox . '
Detox in a Box
One detoxification product not evaluated by the Sense About Science group is called Detox in a Box .
The promoters of this product made the grave mistake of agreeing to appear with Dr. Ben Goldacre on Today , a BBC Radio 4 program .
Goldacre suffers no fools and he brought with him a copy of a page from the Detox in a Box website , which claims the product would be beneficial for detoxification of heavy metals such as lead , mercury , cadmium , nickel , arsenic , and aluminum .
Appearing with Dr. Goldacre was Nas Amir - Ahmadi - MD ( the MD stands for managing director , of course ) who lied and laughed as she told Goldacre he must have confused her site with another one .
( Goldacre has posted links to the audio . )
Within an hour the website was changed and soon all references to Detox in a Box on the Wayback Machine were removed .
However , the evidence was there and the BBC announced the lie ( though they did n't call it a lie since that kind of direct reporting is n't done ) .
The Detox in a Box folks posted the following on their website after it was apparent that their MD had been caught lying .
I post the whole mess because I imagine it will be deleted soon .
Following Nas Amir - Ahmadi ’s appearance with Dr Ben Goldacre on this morning 's Today programme , the company would like to make the following statement :
“ We acknowledge that Dr Ben Goldacre was correct at the time of interview that the Detox in a Box website did contain the words ' One of the most complex detoxification functions is against heavy metals such as lead , mercury , cadminium [ sic ] , nickel , arsenic , and aluminum ' and apologise for not confirming this at the time .
The website has now been amended to avoid any further confusion . ”
Over the past four years we have been delivering healthy meals to many happy clients , and they have reported back to us many benefits & positive experiences .
We have relied on their word of mouth to promote our business as we have been unable to fund large advertising campaigns .
We strive to be a happy & vibrant lifestyle company , promoting healthy eating in a “ fast food ” nation , because we are passionate about food and feeling good .
Much of what we do is common sense , but we provide an efficient service delivering meals to people who may not have the time or cooking experience to do it for themselves , or who may prefer to achieve their weight loss goals with real food and a structured eating plan .
Our food is delicious with a Middle Eastern influence ; we use an abundance of fresh herbs and spices rather than artificial flavourings .
We do not use red meat , wheat , dairy products or artificial sugars , colouring , flavourings or additives our meals are all low in salt , but we aim to make them full of flavour .
For everyone the benefits and experiences of a meal plan are individual , listed below are some client comments .... [ accessed January 12 , 2009 ]
I will spare the reader the glowing testimonials about the wonderful food this company provides .
Yes , it provides food .
The detox is a selling point ; it 's a lie , but it 's a selling point nonetheless .
colon cleansing
Many proponents of detoxification therapies defend colon cleansing as the most important of all organ - cleansing programs .
Despite the lack of scientific studies to support any benefit to periodically douching the colon , many people are self - medicating with colonic irrigation ( colon hydrotherapy ) in the hopeful belief that it will help them live longer and more healthily .
Katherine Rauch of WebMD reports on one naturopath who prescribes colonics for " asthma , arthritis , sinus problems , chronic fatigue and constipation . "
The fact that there is no scientific evidence to support such treatment is little deterrent to true believers in " nature 's remedies . "
One practitioner of scientific medicine is quoted by Rauch as saying that the dangers from colonic irrigation " include spreading infection from contaminated equipment and harmfully altering the chemical balance of the colon . "
Dr. Ross Black notes : " A major function of the colon is to absorb minerals such as potassium and send them through the bloodstream .
Colonics could wipe out these minerals and thereby cause deficiencies . "
Dr. Stephen Barrett writes :
The theory of " autointoxication " states that stagnation of the large intestine ( colon ) causes toxins to form that are absorbed and poison the body .
Some proponents depict the large intestine as a " sewage system " that becomes a " cesspool " if neglected .
Other proponents state that constipation causes hardened feces to accumulate for months ( or even years ) on the walls of the large intestine and block it from absorbing or eliminating properly .
This , they say , causes food to remain undigested and wastes from the blood to be reabsorbed by the body .
Around the turn of the twentieth century many physicians accepted the concept of autointoxication , but it was abandoned after scientific observations proved it wrong .
In 1919 and 1922 , it was clearly demonstrated that symptoms of headache , fatigue , and loss of appetite that accompanied fecal impaction were caused by mechanical distension of the colon rather than by production or absorption of toxins .
Moreover , direct observation of the colon during surgical procedures or autopsies found no evidence that hardened feces accumulate on the intestinal walls .
Today we know that most of the digestive process takes place in the small intestine , from which nutrients are absorbed into the body .
The remaining mixture of food and undigested particles then enters the large intestine , which can be compared to a 40 - inch - long hollow tube .
Its principal functions are to transport food wastes from the small intestine to the rectum for elimination and to absorb minerals and water .
The idea of the colon being a reservoir of toxins is not based on scientific knowledge , yet it is a mainstay among alternative health advisers .
For example , a review of a leading colon cleanser by a leading promoter of detoxification does n't name a single toxin that the colon allegedly retains or that the product allegedly removes .
The review repeatedly says that the product " cleanses " or " purifies " but provides no evidence that it does either .
In fact , it does n't even provide a sense of what it means to cleanse or purify an organ .
Nor , of course , does it provide any evidence that organs need cleansing or purification .
ionic foot baths
Here the main selling attraction is that the client can see the water change color from clear to " dirty " as electrodes are placed in a solution of water to which salt has been added .
The dirty color , you are told , is proof of toxins leaving your body through your feet .
If you try this without putting your feet in the water , you 'll get the same result : " dirty " water .
You 're told that toxins are being " magnetically " or " ionically " drawn from the pores of your feet .
Not true .
The discoloration is from the metals and contamitants on the electrodes themselves .
( Check out the Herb Allure non-scientific test : " In our non-scientific opinion , the lab analysis of the water samples collected from this experiment show no meaningful patterns of difference in the amount of heavy metals present between samples that had feet in them and samples that had no feet in them .
We had to conclude that the foot spa did not remove any significant amount of heavy metals from the body .... We did not observe — what we consider to be — any significant trends during the course of this experiment .
As a result of this experiment , Herb Allure decided not to manufacture its own brand of foot spas , despite the considerable potential financial gains that would likely result from such a venture . )
whole body cleansing
Even more absurd than the claim that there is a general need to detoxify the colon is the claim that the whole body needs to be detoxified .
If our bodies were full of toxins we'd be very sick or dead .
That fact has not stopped the inventiveness of entrepreneurs with magic detoxification purges , lotions , or machines .
One machine that 's been around for some time is the Aqua Detox TM , which is said to be : " The most effective way to re-balance , re-energize and detoxify the body without special diets , funny drinks or sweaty exercise . "
How does it do this ?
By sending a small electrical current through water in which the patient is resting his feet .
The evidence ?
The water changes color .
Proof of toxins being released through the feet or of rust from the electrodes ?
You decide .
exercise and sauna
What about exercise and sauna ?
Do n't we excrete toxic substances when we sweat ?
Yes , we do .
( Some of the substances in sweat do n't come from the sweat directly ; they 're produced by bacteria that digest our sweat .
That 's where body odor comes from .
Thus , a shower or bath might be considered detoxification ! )
And we excrete toxic substances when we urinate and defecate , all in small amounts .
You 're not going to be poisoned to death , for example , if you drink a glass of your own urine or sweat .
There may be some health benefits to sweating in moderation through exercise or sauna , and some of those benefits might be due to the removal of toxins .
Sweating evolved mainly to regulate temperature , not to remove toxins .
I have been unable to find studies that provide evidence of specific health benefits from the removal of toxic substances by sweating .
Too much sweating could lead to dehydration and death .
People with high blood pressure are often advised by their doctors to stay away from saunas and hot tubs .
And , of course , you must have proper ventilation and use non-toxic water ( if you pour liquid on hot stones in your sauna ) or the results could be tragic .
I 'll leave it to others to discuss the pros and cons of using antiperspirants .
The American Academy of Dermatology ( AAD ) says that perspiration is 55 percent to 60 percent fluid , mainly water .
Perspiration also contains salt ( sodium chloride ) , as well as trace amounts of other substances , such as ammonia , calcium , chloride , copper , lactic acid , phosphorous , and potassium .
These substances , called electrolytes , help to regulate the balance of fluids in the body .
The most abundant electrolytes are phosphorous and sodium , which cause sweat to sting the eyes and give sweat its salty taste .
The loss of excessive amounts of salt and water from the body can quickly dehydrate a person and can lead to circulatory problems , kidney failure , and heat stroke .
So , although it 's literally cool to sweat , it 's also important that people drink fluids when exercising or when outside in high temperatures .
we 're all toxic
The fact is that most of us are carrying around in our bodies traces of many toxic substances .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention published a study in 2005 that evaluated more than 2,000 people across the country .
Traces of more than 60 toxic compounds were found in the blood and urine of participants .
Nobody really knows what these substances are doing to our bodies , including the many people who want to sell us products promising to get rid of these allegedly nasty things .
Thus , we should take with a grain of salt what the folks selling infrared saunas say about their product :
Detox from a Sunlight Sauna is 7 to 10 times greater than conventional saunas because it operates more effectively at temperatures 60 to 80 degrees lower than conventional saunas .
In a Sunlight Sauna , the average person sweats out 20 % toxins and 80 % water !
In conventional saunas the average person sweats out 3 % toxins and 97 % water .
How they know this is anybody 's guess .
Again , no specific toxin is mentioned as having been identified , much less measured .
The website does say , however :
.... it is estimated that one in every four Americans suffers from some level of heavy metal poisoning , including mercury , lead , cadmium and aluminum .
Toxins in the body also include chemical pollutants such as pesticides , DDT , PCB ( polychlorinated biphenyls ) and food additives .
Drugs and alcohol also have toxic effects in the body .
The source for the above claims is given as Zane R. Gard , M.D. , developer of the bio-toxic reduction sauna .
It might be true that most bodies have some traces of many toxins in their cells and cell membranes , but it is not true that Dr. Gard or anyone else knows for a fact just what the specific health effects of this might be or that removing some of these toxins by sweat provides any specific relief from any specific disorder .
naturopathy and detoxification
One group of people particularly fond of detoxification are naturopaths .
Peter Bennett N.D. for example , thinks that " everyone should detox at least once a year . " *
He also says that " scientific studies show that a detox is beneficial for health , " though he does n't cite any by name .
Linda Page N.D. says " it 's critical to detox " these days because there are more toxins in the environment than ever .
There may be more toxins than ever , but it does n't follow from that fact that detoxification is good , much less necessary .
Page recommends detoxification " for symptoms such as unexplained fatigue , sluggish elimination , irritated skin , allergies or low - grade infections ; bags under the eyes ; a distended stomach even if the rest of your body is thin ; menstrual difficulties ; or mental confusion . "
She provides no scientific evidence that toxins cause any of these symptoms .
So , do the naturopaths recommend sweating or herbs or some natural foods to detox ?
No .
They recommend things like eliminating alcohol , coffee , cigarettes , refined sugars , and saturated fats .
Does this mean that since alcohol and tobacco contain toxins , by not ingesting them you are detoxing ?
I guess it does .
In other words , the first step in detoxing is to avoid toxins .
Hmmm .
Also , these naturopaths consider stress hormones to be toxins , so if you reduce stress by meditating then you are detoxing .
Bennett thinks that a proper detox program takes a week and involves cleansing the blood .
In other words , he thinks that things like food , herbs , vitamins , water , breathing , meditation , and exercise can perform the function of the liver and kidneys .
There is no compelling scientific evidence that any particular toxins are removed by these methods that would n't be removed by the liver and kidneys anyway .
Older People Pin Hope on Reverse Mortgage to Prevent Foreclosure
Category Rss Feed - http://www.realestateproarticles.com/rss.php?rss=265
By : Leticia Carvalho
Reverse mortgages are becoming popular among older people as a tool to help them avoid foreclosures .
Here are some basic information about reverse mortgages to guide older people in making an informed decision :
Reverse mortgages are not an option for everyone .
This is a type of loan that gives cash back but allows a debt to increase until such time that the property has been sold or the borrower died .
However , they can be beneficial for older homeowners who have adequate home equity .
Do some research about reverse mortgage that will help you avoid foreclosure .
The advocacy organization for older people , American Association of Retired Persons ( AARP ) has a website that provides information and a guide on reverse mortgage .
The nonprofit organization , Revisions Resources has an online information on reverse mortgages , same with the National Reverse Mortgage Lenders Association .
It is a must to contact a counselor .
There are several factors that determine the kind of loan that is suitable for you , including age , your property�s value and current mortgage balance .
Know your rights .
Under the Truth in Lending Act , a lender is required to disclose to the borrower the total costs of an annual loan .
There are several ways to receive a loan that will help protect you from foreclosure , and knowing these options is a must .
These options include monthly payments , lump sum and line of credit .
Loan repayment occurs when the homeowner dies or moved and the property is sold .
Older people have an option to avoid penalty by making an early payoff .
Be sure to have an adequate home equity to help you qualify to receive a loan that you can use to avoid foreclosure .
The Federal Housing Administration has insured 90 percent or more of reverse mortgages through its program , the Home Equity Conversion Mortgage .
Brokers agreed that reverse mortgage is designed for older citizens who are facing the threat of foreclosure .
Leticia Carvalho has been educated in the finer points of the foreclosure market over 5 years .
Prof Field said the IPCC was running behind forecasts
The severity of global warming over the next century will be much worse than previously believed , a leading climate scientist has warned .
Professor Chris Field , an author of a 2007 landmark report on climate change , said future temperatures " will be beyond anything " predicted .
Prof Field said the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report had underestimated the rate of change .
He said warming is likely to cause more environmental damage than forecast .
Speaking at the American Science conference in Chicago , Prof Field said fresh data showed greenhouse gas emissions between 2000 and 2007 increased far more rapidly than expected .
" We are basically looking now at a future climate that is beyond anything that we 've considered seriously in climate policy , " he said .
Prof Field said the 2007 report , which predicted temperature rises between 1.1C and 6.4C over the next century , seriously underestimated the scale of the problem .
He said the increases in carbon dioxide have been caused , principally , by the burning of coal for electric power in India and China .
Wildfires Prof Field said the impact on temperatures is as yet unknown , but warming is likely to accelerate at a much faster pace and cause more environmental damage than had been predicted .
He says that a warming planet will dry out forests in tropical areas making them much more likely to suffer from wildfires .
The rising temperatures could also speed up the melting of the permafrost , vastly increasing the amount of carbon in the atmosphere , Prof Field warns .
" Without effective action , climate change is going to be larger and more difficult to deal with than we thought , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A leading idea to fight global climate change is to permanently remove some of the carbon dioxide building up in the atmosphere .
Here ’s one way to do it : deep - six much of the world ’s agricultural waste .
Plants remove CO2 from the air through photosynthesis , incorporating the carbon in their tissues .
So dumping corn stalks , wheat straw and other crop residues into the deep ocean , where cold and lack of oxygen would keep them from decomposing , would in effect sequester atmospheric CO2 on a time scale of millennia .
Image Crop waste burial may be a more efficient means of carbon sequestration than other methods .
Credit ... Aaron Packard / Bloomberg News
In a world that celebrates high technology , the idea sounds too simple to succeed .
But Stuart E. Strand of the University of Washington and Gregory Benford of the University of California , Irvine , concluded that crop waste storage would make more sense than other proposals for carbon sequestration , including gas storage , sequestration directly in the soil , planting of more forests to take up more CO2 , and fertilizing the oceans to foster more algae growth .
Their findings are published in the journal Environmental Science and Technology .
New Zealand celebrate the New Year with firework display from The 67 - storey , $ 450 million Elliott Tower in Auckland .
A photograph of the footprint 's upper footprint surface showing good definition of the toe pads ; the second toe is partially obscured by the third toe .
Early humans had feet like ours and left lasting impressions in the form of 1.5 million - year - old footprints , some of which were made by feet that could wear a size 9 men 's shoe .
The findings at a Northern Kenya site represent the oldest evidence of modern - human foot anatomy .
They also help tell an ancestral story of humans who had fully transitioned from tree - dwellers to land walkers .
" In a sense , it 's like putting flesh on the bones , " said John Harris , an anthropologist with the Koobi Fora Field School of Rutgers University .
" The prints are so well preserved . "
Almost human
Harris and other colleagues report in the Feb. 27 issue of the journal Science on finding several footprint trails within two sedimentary rock layers .
An upper sedimentary layer included two trails of two prints each , one group of seven prints , and a variety of isolated prints .
The lower layer had a trail of two prints and a single isolated print likely from a smaller , juvenile human .
The researchers identified the footprints as probably belonging to a member of Homo ergaster , an early form of Homo erectus .
Such prints include modern foot features such as a rounded heel , a human - like arch and a big toe that sits parallel to other toes .
By contrast , apes have more curved fingers and toes made for grasping tree branches .
The earliest human ancestors , such as Australopithecus afarensis , still possessed many ape - like features more than 2 million years ago — the well - known " Lucy " specimen represents one such example .
Make me a match
These latest footprints at Ileret , Kenya , appear intriguingly close by to another early human site .
Researchers in 1984 found a nearly complete Homo erectus skeleton , dubbed the " Turkana Boy " specimen , just across the waters of Lake Turkana .
Turkana
Boy 's delicate foot bones were not well preserved .
But the new footprints could represent the shoe that fits the wearer , so to speak .
" Many people have predicted this , but now we have the solid evidence for modern foot anatomy , " Harris told LiveScience .
" It 's like a giant jigsaw puzzle , and those footprints complement the skeleton from the other end of the lake . "
Time may change me
Modern feet mark just one of several dramatic shifts in early humans , specifically regarding the appearance of Homo erectus around 2 million years ago .
Homo erectus is the first hominid to have the same body proportions as modern Homo sapiens .
" We 're seeing a very different hominid at this stage , " Harris said , pointing to both an increase in size and change in stride during the relatively short time between Australopithecus ( the first in this genus lived about 4 million years ago and the last died out between 3 million and 2 million years ago ) and Homo erectus .
The latter hominids would have been able to travel more quickly and efficiently over larger areas .
This matches a pattern of more widely - distributed sites containing artifacts such as tools from 1.5 million to 1 million years ago , which may also point to wider - ranging early humans .
Climate changing and shifting physical landscapes would have also forced the likes of Homo erectus to wander farther in search of food , Harris said .
But increased walking and running abilities may have allowed them to start seriously hunting big game
" You might even think in terms of dietary quality here , because maybe they 're incorporating more meat into their diet , " Harris said .
" They would have competed with quite a large carnivore guild ; lions , leopards , and all the cats that eat meat . "
The tracks lead on
The Homo erectus footprints now lead further into the past of human evolution , as researchers may shift their focus to earlier examples of physical changes in human ancestor species .
" It 's going to bring up controversy again about the Laetoli prints , " Harris noted , referring to footprints preserved in volcanic ash roughly 3.6 million years ago in Tanzania .
Anthropologists continue to debate whether these older footprints from an earlier " Lucy " type hominid show that Australopithecus walked about easily or awkwardly on two legs .
Other findings may yet be revealed with the latest footprints at the Ileret site .
The prehistoric landscape near various water sources was likely a muddy surface that preserved a whole range of animal tracks , Harris hinted — perhaps fodder for additional studies in the future .
The great thing about having modern , trusting parents is that they will support nearly any career decision you make , no matter how idiotic .
“ Mom , dad , ” I might say , “ I ’m going to molest poodles onstage in Mexico City , ” and the likely response they ’d have is , “ Drive safe . ”
But I have truly tested their limits for this behavior with the announcement that I was going to film school , and worse yet – that I am going to graduate .
What these poor people do n’t really appreciate , however , is that a film degree in Los Angeles ( / Earth ) is worth about as much as a down parka .
How naive of them to have the expectation that if you spend $ 80,000 on something , you should probably get something in return .
Please .
“ So , will there be offers on the table the day you graduate ?
Are there job fairs ?
How do the actually go about hiring you ? ” they want to know .
Their earnest belief that my degree will generate work creates almost palpable humiliation , but the silver lining is in the outrageous pack of lies I get to tell them to hide the truth – that I will soon be delivering $ 15 salads to people who spent their money on worthwhile investments : Boob jobs .
“ I ’m in direct contact with a well - known player in the independent scene , ” I said of an actor I saw in theater production at a comic book store .
“ He ’s really multifaceted , so I think we ’ve got a shot at getting something produced . ”
“ Do you get paid in a normal salary , or is it a lump sum ? ” they want to know .
“ Depends on how the EP wants to handle it , ” I might say , hoping to confuse them with an acronym .
“ Or whether that Paramount thing works out first . ” A Paramount thing .
That ’s a great thing to keep in your pocket for general deception when you ’re out here .
A solid , vague - but - specific generalization that you can whip out when someone gets too nosy about your job as a tour guide on the Paramount lot .
“ There ’s no contracts , ma .
This stuff is all strictly on spec . ”
Whammo .
Lingo is a similar smoke grenade to always have at the ready .
Sometimes , however , you can cleave too close to the bone , so be careful .
“ Something ’s in the works , but it might get held up by the back - end deal , ” you might say , not realizing in the moment that , in order to sell a movie in this town , there may very well indeed be a deal involving a back end .
Better Design Design the perfect shirt yourself .
With our extensive array of options , you can customize your dress shirt to create a gorgeous custom look that accomodates your unique style .
Design the perfect shirt yourself .
With our extensive array of options , you can customize your dress shirt to create a gorgeous custom look that accomodates your unique style .
Better Fit Get better fitting shirts .
Follow our quick and easy guide to take measurements .
This way you 'll get a custom tailored fit created just for you that is both flattering and comfortable .
Get better fitting shirts .
Follow our quick and easy guide to take measurements .
This way you 'll get a custom tailored fit created just for you that is both flattering and comfortable .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
February 13 , 2008
The lords of Wikipedia have announced they will delete the Bilderberg attendees list entry on the site because it is allegedly a “ totally un-reliably - sourced list [ and ] possibly defamatory towards living persons . ”
The announced deletion will occur five days from 2009 - 02 - 18 at 14:53 .
Wikipedia offers people concerned about this possible deletion the ability to edit the page .
“ You may remove this message if you improve the article or otherwise object to deletion for any reason .
To avoid confusion , it helps to explain why you object to the deletion , either in the edit summary or on the talk page .
If this template is removed , it should not be replaced . ”
In response , an editor interested in retaining the page added references .
Soon after the references were added , however , somebody went on the page and removed them , according to a comment .
Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales offers excuses for the CIA ’s Intellipedia spin-off .
Obviously , certain Wikipedia editors are determined to have the page removed and will engage in vandalism in order to have this happen within the five day period announced .
Considering the history and allegations leveled at Wikipedia , this should not come as a surprise .
In 2007 , Cal Tech computation and neural - systems graduate student Virgil Griffith developed a software tool that revealed the identities of organizations that edit Wikipedia entries ( see Wikipedia ‘ shows CIA page edits , ’ BBC , August 15 , 2007 ) .
The software revealed editorial changes made by the CIA , the FBI , Diebold , the Democratic Party and the Vatican .
“ The Democratic and Republican parties , the Environmental Protection Agency , and the National Institute of Health have also made their fair share of edits .
As far as corporations go , Diebold , Amgen , Pfizer , Wal - Mart , Microsoft , Apple , and Exxon Mobil have all made changes .
Not to be outdone , the news agencies of Fox News , the New York Times , and Al - Jazeera have also participated , ” writes Manila Ryce .
“ According to clues accumulated by ordinary citizens around the world , it could be that the CIA and other intelligence agencies are riding the information wave and planting disinformation on Wikipedia , ” explains Ludwig De Braeckeleer .
“ The fact that most Internet search engines , such as Google , give Wikipedia articles top ranking only raises the stakes to a higher level . ”
After independent UK journalist and columnist Neil Clark claimed his Wikipedia entry was “ consistently maliciously edited ” after he critically reviewed a pro-war book penned by Oliver Kamm writing for the Daily Telegraph , the Byzantine Blog wrote that “ most internet users who consider Wikipedia a reliable source of information on a whole range of issues , including history and politics , are entirely unaware of ” the claim “ that Wikipedia is infiltrated by the Western secret services which use it to manipulate truth and prevent the inconvenient facts reaching the wider public , by planting their governments ’ official versions of events through Wiki articles . ”
And , while the official mainstream media is still filled with praises for the highly dubious Wikiality , independent sources have confirmed Wikipedia is neither “ open ” , nor “ egalitarian ” , and certainly not “ free ” .
Unless one thinks CIA and MI5 are veritable fountains of unvarnished , solid - as - gold truths , generously shared with the rest of world for no other purpose but to inform , educate and enlighten the slumbering masses .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Before deciding to rely on Wikipedia as a source of information for serious research on any political subject and most other issues ( except for , say , tapeworms and sessile leaves ) , one would be well advised to heed the warning of founder Jimmy Wales , who personally instructed users not to cite Wikipedia as a source .
Uri Dowbenko is a little more to the point : “ Claiming to be a ‘ free online encyclopedia , ’ Wikipedia is actually a shill for corporate and other internet disinformation , just as AP , also known as Associated Propaganda ( or Press ) , is the Media Cartel ’s syndicator of choice , spreading false ‘ nooz ’ in hometown papers throughout America , ” writes Dowbenko .
“ Wikipedia is the undisputed kudzu weed of the Internet .
Just wait till it ’s revealed that Jimmy Wales ’ Wikipedia is an NSA - CIA - Pentagon PsyOps scam . ”
As of this writing , there is no definitive evidence Wikipedia is associated with the CIA or other intelligence agencies .
However , other prominent internet information corporations have a well - defined association with the spook world .
For instance , Robert David Steele , a 20 - year Marine Corps infantry and intelligence officer and a former clandestine services case officer with the CIA , told Alex Jones in 2006 that “ Google took money from the CIA when it was poor and it was starting up ” and the search engine company is “ in bed ” with the CIA .
“ Let me say very explicitly – their contact at the CIA is named Dr. Rick Steinheiser , he ’s in the Office of Research and Development , ” said Steele .
In 2008 , Steve Watson wrote that Google is in the business of providing the search features for a private Wikipedia - style site , called Intellipedia .
“ Google is selling storage and data searching equipment to the CIA , the FBI , the National Security Agency , and other intelligence agencies , who have come together to build a huge internal government intranet , ” Watson reported .
Like Wikipedia , the CIA ’s platform is based on the open - source MediaWiki software .
Wikipedia ’s Bilderberg entry may be of interest to the CIA considering former CIA director John M. Deutch is a member , according to the entry now up Wikipedia ’s chopping block .
Walter Bedell Smith , a former CIA director , and Cord Meyer , a former CIA official , are also listed as members .
Again , there is no definitive evidence the CIA is complicit in the recent vandalism of the Bilderberg entry on Wikipedia , however the fact Virgil Griffith ’s software caught the agency in the act of editing entries is highly suspicious , to say the least .
Finally , if Wikipedia does indeed delete the entry in question , we have replicated it here for the sake of posterity .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
In my previous article on undervotes , which you should probably read before continuing , I looked at the undervote totals in the 87 counties of Minnesota .
While counties provide a fair level of resolution , the precinct data could provide an additional level of detail .
This time around I used the precinct data , from the MN Secretary of State 's Office , for both the Senate and Presidential elections .
The resulting calculation was performed identically to the method described in the aforementioned article , just with additional data .
The precinct calculation yielded 17,831 undervotes in precincts won by Obama , while the county result ranged roughly 500 votes higher at 18,328 .
This deviation initially appears worrisome , for Franken , but the final tally shows a staggering drop off in the number of undervotes necessary for a Franken victory .
An undervote total of just 3,280 votes , evenly distributed across each precinct and inline with the current trend , delivers Franken the votes necessary to overcome his 206 vote deficit .
These 3,280 votes represent just 13.2 % of all potential undervotes , as identified in the preceding article .
Given this result , I have no idea if 13.2 % exists in the realm of likelihood , but its better news , for Franken , than our previously determined 40 % threshold .
Tomorrow ( or the next day ) I plan on exploring the historical correlation between overvotes , undervotes , and the Presidential to Senate ratio ; I 'll report back with my findings .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
With a recent flurry of winter storms doing little to dampen California ’s latest drought , the nation ’s biggest public utility voted on Tuesday to impose water rationing in Los Angeles for the first time in nearly two decades .
Under the plan adopted in principle by the governing board of the L.A. Department of Water and Power , homes and businesses would pay a penalty rate -- nearly double normal prices -- for any water they use in excess of a reduced monthly allowance .
The five - member board plans to formally vote on details of the measure next month .
The rationing scheme is expected to take effect in May unless the City Council acts before then to reject it -- a move seen as unlikely since Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa called for the measure under a water - shortage plan last week .
The only other time such penalty pricing was imposed to force conservation in the nation ’s second biggest city was a rationing system put into effect for a year starting in March 1991 , at the height of California ’s last statewide drought .
That measure cut citywide water use by about 25 percent , DWP spokesman Joseph Ramallo said .
The DWP board also voted unanimously to restrict lawn sprinkler use to two days a week , as urged by the mayor .
Outdoor irrigation accounts for 40 percent of residential water use in the city , DWP officials say .
The agency is the largest municipal utility in the United States , supplying water and electricity to some 3.8 million households and businesses in Los Angeles .
San Diego and other cities throughout California are weighing similar measures to cope with a water shortage that is adding to the woes of a state beset with rising unemployment , high mortgage foreclosure rates and a budget crisis .
DROP IN THE BUCKET
The snowpack in the Sierra Nevada mountain range , one of the state ’s chief sources of fresh surface water , is far below normal , and reservoirs fed by Sierra runoff are badly depleted as well , due to a statewide drought now in its third year .
State water managers have said the current dry spell could prove to be the worst ever in California , owing to rising demands from steady population growth .
Recent heavy rains , and mountain snowfall , have provided a welcome respite from California ’s driest January on record , but “ this latest set of storms did not get us out of the woods by any means , ” water manager James McDaniel told the DWP board .
Complicating matters are federal court restrictions on water that can be pumped from the Sacramento - San Joaquin Delta in northern California , which furnishes much of the state ’s irrigation and drinking supplies , in order to protect endangered fish species .
As a result , state water managers have cut the amount of delta water they provide to irrigation districts and cities around the state to 15 percent of their usual contracted allotment for the year and may curb those deliveries further .
Another major source of imported water to Southern California , the Colorado River basin , is emerging from an eight - year drought , but its reservoirs remain low .
Nuţu Cămăraru ar fi încercat să intimideze , din închisoare , martorii sub acoperire din dosarul său prin ameninţări cu moartea , potrivit procurorilor .
Autorităţile au stabilit şi faptul că Nuţu Cămătaru a fost “ capul ” revoltei de la Penitenciarul Jilava din data de 22 noiembrie anul trecut .
realitatea
Back when it was becoming clear that the time of the BeOS had come and gone , enthusiasts immediately set up the OpenBeOS project , an attempt to recreate the Be operating system from scratch , using a MIT - like license .
The project faced difficult odds , and numerous times progress seemed quite slow .
Still , persistence pays off , and the first alpha release is drawing ever closer .
We decided to take a look at where Haiku currently stands .
The Be operating system and the myths surrounding the scene have always intrigued me .
I ’ve used BeOS for a long time , and I still consider it to be the best operating system ever made – when put in perspective , of course .
Windows was still crashing and burning every three seconds , and the Mac OS did n’t even have memory protection .
All in all , the state of the mainstream operating system was abysmal .
However , there came the BeOS , descending from heaven while riding a chariot of fire , pulled by magnificent stallions – and all was good .
Sure , it did n’t do multiuser ( but neither did Windows and the Mac ) , and it was terribly afraid of anything having to do with networking and the internet , but who cared ?
It was lightning fast , very stable , easy to use , and for the first time , it was an operating system that made sense .
Installing an application or a driver amounted to little more than dragging and dropping a file / directory in place .
It had an instant - search system based on metadata that could be used to perform all sorts of tedious tasks other operating systems ( still ! ) need separate programs for .
But most of all , the BeOS had something that no other operating system ever had : personality .
BeOS felt alive .
If you were n’t part of the BeOS crowd back in the day ( and I was pretty late to the game too , 2000 or 2001 ) , then it ’s pretty hard to understand what is meant by a piece of software having a personality .
We ’re in 2009 now , and the Haiku project has come a long way .
Many were sceptical about the project ’s chances at success , but they developed onwards anyway .
Now that the alpha release is getting ever closer , it also becomes more apparent that the Haiku team has some very big shoes to fill .
BeOS fans are a picky , whiny bunch .
Does it work ?
Haiku works .
Actually , it works so well , it makes you wonder why they have n’t declared the project alpha already , and why they have n’t put out a nice .iso image for everyone to enjoy .
There are a number of reasons for this , but first , let me focus on the things that Haiku already does well .
Haiku boots in an instant , just what we BeOS fans have come to expect from our little pet operating system .
The same row of icons still serves as the boot screen for Haiku , and hardcore BeOS fans will know what the icons mean and what happens during each blinking icon in the boot process .
Whether or not Haiku employs the same boot order is something I actually do n’t know .
Still , it ’s a “ feast of recognition ” for BeOS fans .
The current pre-alpha builds boot into a desktop that is instantly recognisable by any BeOS user .
Sure , the icon set looks more modern , and Haiku has anti-aliased fonts , but for the rest it ’s pretty much r5 all over again .
There is a big hint , however , that we ’re dealing with an operating system that is in heavy development , and not by any means ready for general consumption :
Haiku loads a terminal window by default .
Welcome to the Haiku shell , it says .
You can choose to work with the ‘ vanilla ’
Haiku image or build , or opt for the ‘ pre- alpha ’ build which includes a number of applications within the disk image .
With r5 compatibility being one of the pillars of the Haiku project , getting applications to run is paramount .
In any case , Haiku runs important applications like Firefox without a hitch , and the same applies to BePDF , Wonderbrush , StyledEdit , VLC , Vision , and many more .
Stability seems very good application - wise ; I have n’t encountered an application crash yet .
That ’s all fine and dandy , but how well is the operating system itself doing ?
Sadly , most of my testing is done in a virtual machine ( more on that in a minute ) , so I have little to say about how well Haiku runs on real - world hardware – reports from developers and users in #haiku , however , indicate that stability is excellent , with a number of developers using Haiku full - time .
Not only for development , but also for day - to - day usage .
In any case , in my VMwae virtual machine Haiku has never crashed .
I ’ve had multiple applications running , and have yet to encounter any problem .
My most memorable experience so far was clicking on a PDF link in Vision , which automatically launched Firefox , which downloaded the PDF file and launched BePDF .
This just goes to show how solid Haiku already is .
Problems
Still , there are problems .
The biggest problem I ’ve encountered so far are the difficulties concerning installing Haiku on real hardware .
Even though the installer is working just fine , the DriveSetup [ the partitioner ] is not .
All it can do at this point is initialise an existing partition as BFS ; it ca n’t create , delete , or move partitions .
This means you will have to create one by other means first .
The installer also does not make the partition bootable ; you will have to run the makebootable command from within Haiku first .
This is where I ran into problems .
I used dd to turn an USB stick into a bootable Haiku installation , but for some reason , getting it to boot was a process ruled by chance .
Sometimes it worked , sometimes it did n’t .
I had Haiku installed on a partition , but was never able to get as far as to run makebootable from the Haiku system running off the USB stick .
This might very well be my own fault , since many Haiku developers manage just fine this way .
In order for Haiku to be proclaimed “ alpha ” , I strongly advise the team to make sure the installation procedure is fully functional , so that aspiring users do not run into any walls when trying to install Haiku .
Back in the BeOS heydays , operating system enthusiasts were n’t put off by some hard labour – but in this day and age of virtual machines and ridiculously easy - to - install Linux distributions , alternative OS projects cannot afford any install problems .
There is also a list of bugs that the developers want to have fixed before they want to move Haiku to alpha status .
The other side of the spectrum
When KDE 4.0 hit the streets , many complained it was n’t ready , and that it should have never been released as a final release .
The reason KDE 4.0 was released as - is had to do with the KDE team wanting to attract enough users so more bugs could be found ; they wanted to avoid being in eternal beta .
Sometimes , I get the feeling the Haiku guys are in danger of reaching the other side of the spectrum KDE 4.0 was on : eternal alpha .
During my short tests and my time in #haiku it became clear that Haiku is pretty much ready to go alpha – installation problems aside .
In fact , some Haiku developers personally believe Haiku should move to alpha as well , and I find it hard to disagree with them .
Still , I understand their hesitance ; the project is burdened by huge expectations , and they want to avoid failure at all costs .
Still , at one point , you have to let your baby make its first steps without holding its hands .
Sure , it ’ll topple over some times , but it will only learn from that .
Haiku is ready to move to alpha .
Sure , it ’s not ready to take over the world and feed your cat , but it sure is ready to be labeled as alpha .
Exciting times ahead , boys and girls : BeOS will be back .
GCC 4
As many Haiku community members know , one major hurdle that has been making it difficult to port new software to Haiku has been the lack of an up - to - date GCC4 compiler .
While a GCC 4.1.2 cross-compiler has been available now for some time , cross-compiling software for a GCC4 - built Haiku can be painful and frustrating .
What Haiku really needed was a native GCC4 toolchain to run on a GCC4 - built Haiku install .
It has one now .
Welcome to The Private Bank
At Macquarie Private Bank , we 're with you every step of the way .
As our client , you control your financial future , and your dedicated banker at Macquarie opens the doors that get you there .
Our Private Bank services have been designed to meet the needs of high net worth individuals and families .
Every one of our clients is different , and we find your way together .
You have the expertise of Macquarie beside you , helping you make the most of worldwide investments and strategic banking opportunities .
You have a relationship built to be passed on across generations .
You have the strength of Macquarie .
Become a client
It gets worse : Justice Department gives ' political prisoner ' 3 hours to visit dying wife in hospice John Byrne
Published : Friday February 20 , 2009
Print This Email This Despite the fact that his case has drawn national attention -- and a rebuke from the House Judiciary Committee as a possible example of political prosecution -- convicted Mississippi attorney Paul Minor will only get three hours to visit his dying wife .
The Justice Department has granted Minor just three hours today to visit his dying wife in hospice , accompanied by four armed guards .
The Department says they consider Minor a " threat " to society , though he was not convicted of a violent crime .
While the Department is now under the Obama Administration , numerous posts remain in the hands of previous Administration hires .
Minor was convicted of mail services fraud in 2007 in connection with providing a loan guarantee to a state Supreme Court Justice his effort to secure loans to fund his campaign .
He had requested three days furlough to visit his wife , Sylvia , who is dying of cancer .
In the months leading up to his trial , a series of leaks from anonymous sources -- which Harper 's says could only have come from the prosecution team -- floated various innuendo and allegations of corruption , despite the fact that Minor never had a case before the judge in question .
Ultimately , the judge in Minor 's case was Priscilla Owen , whose nomination to the bench had been encouraged by top ex-Bush advisor Karl Rove .
Minor 's name was among several others mentioned in a House Judiciary Committee report regarding alleged political prisoners .
The list also includes former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman .
The Department 's treatment of Minor allegedly stems from an incident where he left his home to visit a nearby restaurant while confined to his home in advance of his trial .
Minor was also cited for drinking too much at a bar from which he was expelled .
Paul Minor was a prominent Mississippi trial lawyer whose firm made more than $ 70 million in the late 1990's from the state 's tobacco lawsuit settlement , in which tobacco companies were accused of defrauding Medicare .
He was also a generous donor to Democratic candidates , contributing more than $ 500,000 between 1996 and 2003 .
The tobacco suit -- the largest civil settlement in US history -- fueled GOP officials ' ire -- particularly in the South -- against Democratic trial lawyers .
Minor was the largest Mississippi donor to Democratic candidates before his conviction in 2007 .
His conviction came at the hands of Bush - appointed US Attorney Dunnica Lampton .
Conflicts of interest A previous Raw Story investigation found conflicts of interest between Lampton and Minor 's case .
At the time when Lampton began investigating Minor , his own interests were directly under threat .
Minor had successfully sued several companies associated with Lampton 's family members and contributors to his unsuccessful bid for a Congressional seat .
In 2002 , Minor was in the midst of a major plaintiffs ' case against a company called Magnolia Trucking , a subsidiary of Ergon Inc. , a private firm owned by the Lampton family .
Members of the Lampton family with ties to Ergon include Leslie B. Lampton , Director and CEO ; Bill Lampton , the President of the Asphalt Division ; and Lee Lampton , Director of Operations .
FEC documents for 2000 show that Ergon employees collectively donated $ 10,300 to Lampton 's congressional campaign .
Lampton family members donated $ 5,250 .
Ergon Inc. also has a relationship with the Barbour family .
Following Haley Barbour 's election as governor of Mississippi , his nephews , Austin and Henry Barbour , became lobbyists with Capitol Resources , LLC , a firm whose clients included Ergon .
Lampton also received donations in 2000 from two of the major tobacco companies involved in the 1998 settlement , Lorillard and Brown & Williams .
Haley Barbour , who was then Lorillard 's lobbyist , donated to Lampton as well .
With reporting by Larisa Alexandrovna .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
As we wait to see how the politicians in Washington will alter the stimulus package the Obama administration is pushing , many questions are being raised about the measure 's contents and efficacy .
Should it include money for the National Endowment for the Arts , Amtrak , and child care ?
Is it big enough to get the economy moving again ?
Does it spend money fast enough ?
Hardly anyone , however , is asking the most important question :
Should the federal government be doing any of this ?
In raising this question , one risks immediate dismissal as someone hopelessly out of touch with the modern realities of economics and government .
Yet the United States managed to navigate the first century and a half of its past – a time of phenomenal growth – without any substantial federal intervention to moderate economic booms and busts .
Indeed , when the government did intervene actively , under Herbert Hoover and Franklin D. Roosevelt , the result was the Great Depression .
Until the 1930s , the Constitution served as a major constraint on federal economic interventionism .
The government 's powers were understood to be just as the framers intended : few and explicitly enumerated in our founding document and its amendments .
Search the Constitution as long as you like , and you will find no specific authority conveyed for the government to spend money on global - warming research , urban mass transit , food stamps , unemployment insurance , Medicaid , or countless other items in the stimulus package and , even without it , in the regular federal budget .
This Constitutional constraint still operated as late as the 1930s , when federal courts issued some 1,600 injunctions to restrain officials from carrying out acts of Congress , and the Supreme Court overturned the New Deal 's centerpieces , the National Industrial Recovery Act and the Agricultural Adjustment Act , and other statutes .
This judicial action outraged President Roosevelt , who fumed that " we have been relegated to the horse - and - buggy definition of interstate commerce . "
Early in 1937 , he responded with his court - packing plan .
Although Roosevelt lost this battle , he soon won the war .
As the older , more conservative justices retired , the president replaced them with ardent New Dealers such as Hugo Black , Stanley Reed , Felix Frankfurter , and William O. Douglas .
The newly constituted court proceeded between 1937 and 1941 to overturn its anti-New Deal rulings , abandoning its traditional , narrow view of interstate commerce and giving the federal government carte blanche to spend , tax , and regulate virtually without limit .
After World War II , the government enacted the Employment Act of 1946 , codifying the government 's declared responsibility for managing the economy " to promote maximum employment , production , and purchasing power , " and it has actively intervened ever since , purportedly to attain these declared ends .
Its shots have often misfired , however , and we have endured booms and busts , a decade of stagflation , bouts of rapid inflation , and stock - market crashes .
The present recession may become the worst since the passage of the Employment Act .
Federal intervention rests on the presumption that officials know how to manage the economy and will use this knowledge effectively .
This presumption always had a shaky foundation , and we have recently witnessed even more compelling evidence that the government simply does not know what it 's doing .
The big bailout bill enacted last October ; the Federal Reserve 's massive , frantic lending for many different purposes ; and now the huge stimulus package all look like wild flailing – doing something mainly for the sake of being seen to be doing something – and , of course , enriching politically connected interests in the process .
Our greatest need at present is for the government to go in the opposite direction , to do much less , rather than much more .
As recently as the major recession of 1920 - 21 , the government took a hands - off position , and the downturn , though sharp , quickly reversed itself into full recovery .
In contrast , Hoover responded to the downturn of 1929 by raising tariffs , propping up wage rates , bailing out farmers , banks , and other businesses , and financing state relief efforts .
Roosevelt moved even more vigorously in the same activist direction , and the outcome was a protracted period of depression ( and wartime privation ) from which complete recovery did not come until 1946 .
The US government has shown repeatedly that as an economic manager it is not to be trusted .
What we need most are authorities wise enough to follow the dictum , " First , do no harm . "
The stimulus package will do enormous harm .
The huge debt burden it entails , by itself , ought to condemn the measure .
America is already drowning in debt .
But the measure will also wreak harm in countless other directions by effectively reallocating resources on a grand scale according to political priorities , rather than according to individual preferences and economic rationality .
As our history shows , the economy can recover strongly on its own , if only the politicians will stay out of the way .
• Robert Higgs is senior fellow in political economy for The Independent Institute , editor of The Independent Review , and author of " Depression , War , and Cold War . "
The Pentagon admits that there are failures tracking weaponry
The US military has failed to keep track of thousands of weapons shipped to Afghanistan , leaving them vulnerable to being lost or stolen , a report says .
The report has been compiled by congressional auditors , the US Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) .
It found that , in the four years up to June 2008 , the US military failed to keep complete records on some 222,000 weapons entering the country .
The report will be discussed in the US House of Representatives on Thursday .
It states that weapons supplied by the US to the Afghan military " are at serious risk of theft or loss " .
The report says : US military officials failed to keep proper records on about 87,000 rifles , pistols , mortars and other weapons sent to Afghanistan between December 2004 and June 2008 - about a third of all the weapons sent
There was a similar lack of management of a further 135,000 light weapons donated to Afghan forces via the US military by 21 countries
The military failed even to record the serial numbers of some 46,000 weapons , making it impossible to confirm receipt of weapons or identify any which had fallen into the hands of militants
The serial numbers of 41,000 weapons were recorded , but US military officials still had no idea where they were " Lapses in accountability occurred throughout the supply chain , " concludes the report , which is due to be discussed on Thursday at a panel hearing of a House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee .
In response , the Pentagon agreed that it needed more people to help train the Afghanistan government to track the weapons , the AP news agency reported .
SEE THE FULL REPORT
GAO Afghanistan security [ 826KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
It said it had made attempts to address the problems with registering serial numbers and monitoring weapon locations .
The report 's findings came just a day after an audacious attack on three government buildings in the Afghan capital Kabul left 28 people , including eight attackers , dead .
The report is reminiscent of an August 2007 study , also by the GAO , which found the US military could not account for some 190,000 rifles and pistols given to security services in Iraq .
One of the US lawmakers who will discuss the report findings on Thursday , Democratic Representative John Tierney , suggested the report could prompt Congress to legislate on weapons - handling in Afghanistan .
" The challenges here are immense , but this is just too important not to get it right , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If You Would Like to Advertise on GMDOAT Please
Got a problem with the top 10 list ?
Good !
I 'll change the list based on your comments .
So tell us what should and should n't be on there .
About $ 530 billion in commercial mortgages are due for refinancing over the next three years , with $ 160 billion due for payment next year , according to Foresight Analytics , the Journal reported .
And with credit hard to come by and cash in commercial property drying up , companies want government assistance .
Unlike home mortgages , commercial mortgages typically run for 10 years at most and have big cash payments due at maturation , the paper said .
" Right now , we believe there is insufficient systemic capacity to refinance expiring , performing commercial real - estate loans , " a dozen real - estate trade groups wrote in a letter to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , according to the Journal .
" For many borrowers , ( credit ) simply is not available . "
The industry is asking to be included in the government 's new $ 200 billion loan program intended to salvage the market for car loans , student loans and credit - card debt , the paper said .
The Anonymous collective is moving on from the first anniversary of its protests against the Church of Scientology with a round of further demonstrations .
The next round of global protests will span several weekends .
Anonymous claims its campaign has scored a number of successes over the last 12 months , since indignation at attempts to censor the infamous Tom Cruise Scientology ward ceremony video touched off the first round of protests against the church in January 2008 , which initially involved online protests , nuisance calls and controversial attempts to blitz Scientology websites .
February 2008 marked the start of a ongoing series of monthly protests outside Scientology offices and centres across the world .
The loosely - affiliated group aims to dismantle the Church of Scientology in its current form by exposing what it claims are the " corrupt and abusive practices " of organised Scientology through Project Chanology .
According to Anonymous , the campaign has led to leaks of internal documents and policies about the church .
Protests on the streets have emboldened media organisation prompting , for example , Australian TV to screen Scientology lectures that show how adherents are told that all life ’s anxieties and worries are " caused by the infestation of dead alien souls " .
Upcoming lawsuits ( examples here and here ) will further expose the " scams and scandals " of the Church of Scientology .
The upcoming release of John Duignan ’s book The Complex : An Insider Exposes the Covert World of the Church of Scientology , which is legally blocked from sale in the UK , will " serve to raise awareness about Scientology in the UK , as well as any country whose citizens heard about this censorship " .
In a statement , Anonymous said : " Scientology operatives still continue to paint Anonymous in a negative light as a means of distracting attention from Scientology operations and attempting to discredit those who bring truth to the issues at hand .
It just is n’t working .
" It has been some 12 months – time to finish what was started , " it adds . ®
Vegetarian food / Photo by Herr_Bert
Whether you ’re a staunch vegetarian or simply seeking new gastronomic experiences , put the following veggie - friendly cities on your travel agenda .
1. Singapore
With its sizable Indian and Chinese populations , going vegetarian is easy in Singapore .
Hawker centers and food courts throughout the city offer plenty of veggie choices .
Or head to colorful Little India for authentic , exclusively vegetarian cuisine at long - established Komala Vilas or chain restaurants Sagar Ratna and Saravana Bhavan .
2. Chiang Mai
The second largest city in Thailand , Chiang Mai is a haven for vegetarians and vegans alike .
Open - air eateries within walking distance of the city center abound , and can usually be identified by yellow banners bearing a single Chinese character ( ‘ jay ’ or vegetarian ) .
Try a meatless version of Khao Soi , a northern
Thai favorite consisting of egg noodles in a soupy coconut curry sauce , garnished with pickles , shallots , and lime .
Khao Soi / Photo by Jason Hutchens
3. Taipei
Based on Buddhist practices , vegetarian food in Taiwan has developed into a separate cuisine , replete with varieties of chewy “ meat ” fashioned out of gluten or textured soy protein .
Taipei and Taichung , a smaller city in the central part of the island , teem with vegan food stalls and buffet - style restaurants serving everything from stewed “ beef ” to stir fried “ squid . ”
4. Kyoto
While Japan is generally not very veg- friendly , you can easily find unique Zen Buddhism - inspired vegetarian cuisine in Kyoto .
Called shojin ryori , the multi-course meals are served in or near the city ’s many temples , such as Nanzen - ji , Daitoku - ji , and Tenryu - ji .
Local specialties include yuba ( tofu skin ) , fu ( wheat gluten ) , and produce such as eggplant , daikon , and root vegetables .
Dishes are meticulously prepared and presented ; unfortunately , dinners can be quite pricey .
5. Vancouver
With a sizable organic and sustainable cooking movement , Vancouver is home to a large variety of vegetarian fare and natural food markets .
Sample vegan pizza at Jamaican Pizza Jerk , satisfy late night comfort food cravings at The Naam , or take your pick from many ethnic and fusion restaurants around the city .
Photo by Rodefeld .
6. Sydney
From ethnic restaurants to beachside cafes , non-meat options are pretty much de rigueur in this laid - back city .
Sydney is also particularly vegan - friendly with Chinese mock meat and vegetarian dim sum restaurants .
Favorites include Iku Wholefood and Laurie ’s Vegetarian Take Away .
7. London
The veggie dining choices in London are as diverse as its population , offering everything from meatless variations of British favorites , such as sausage and mash and shepherd ’s pie , to masala dosa and chickpea tagine .
Exclusively vegetarian restaurants have also cropped up , serving creative fusion fare .
Notable eats include Riverside Vegetaria , The Gate , and Manna .
8. San Francisco
With its countercultural traditions and penchant for locally grown foods , the Bay Area has long boasted plenty of veggie - friendly choices .
Snack on tofu dogs at a Giants ’ game in AT&T Park , check out the vegan ice cream at Maggie Mudd , or splurge on a vegetarian feast at Millennium .
9. Portland , OR
Portland buzzes with an eco-friendly vibe and it ’s quickly becoming an herbivore ’s dream destination .
From downtown food carts to eclectic restaurants and stores , such as Paradox Palace Café , Voo Doo Doughnuts , and Food Fight ! , Portland ’s got something even hardcore vegans will appreciate .
Photo by ~ MVI ~ .
10 . New York City
The vegetarian experience in the city that never sleeps goes beyond ethnic dining .
Whether you ’re seeking kosher raw foods , gourmet macrobiotic dishes , or vegetarian diner fare , you will find it here .
NYC is also home to a number of health food stores , as well as the Natural Gourmet Cookery School , which offers a four - course vegetarian dinner prepared by students each Friday .
11 . Mexico City
Purely vegetarian restaurants and health food stores can be found throughout the city , including chains of Super Soya , The Green Corner , and Vegi Market .
Street vendors , hawking fruit ( coconut sprinkled with chili and lime ) , elote ( corn ) , and fresh juices , among other goodies , also ensure that vegetarians eat well in Mexico City .
COMMUNITY CONNECTION
If you prefer cooking for yourself on the road , check out Eva Holland ’s article , “ What Every Backpacker Should Know About Cooking for Themselves . ”
IT is such a simple idea , so plainly obvious that many Southerners can’t believe they did n’t think of it first : take the South ’s trademark refreshment  sweet iced tea  and make it alcoholic .
That , essentially , was the recipe used by a South Carolina distillery last year to create a phenomenon .
Its elixir , Firefly Sweet Tea Vodka , tastes almost exactly like the beloved sweet tea poured at generations of Southern family reunions , church meetings and picnics .
In just months , Firefly Distillery on Wadmalaw Island has expanded sales of its Sweet Tea Vodka to 40 states .
Below the Mason - Dixon line , where fans are most rabid , the amber - brown liquor flows at colleges , bars and football games .
Sweet Tea Vodka is 70 proof , a bit tamer than most vodkas , but the sweetness makes it seem even less potent .
The daintiest drinkers can take shots without wincing ( except , perhaps , from the sugar ) .
Monday , September 15 , 2008
Ten years of messages and interviews with al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden have been leaked .
Translated by the United States Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , the documents were posted on a blog Friday .
Posted to Secrecy News blog on September 12 , and copied to similar sites including Wikileaks.org , the ten years of messages span from 1994 - 2004 .
The packet , issued in 2004 , is nearly 300 pages , and labeled " official use only " .
It was translated by the Foreign Broadcast Information Service ( FBIS ) , a division of the CIA , and includes interviews with bin Laden from various news agencies and also includes messages he sent directly to the United States .
One message includes bin Laden 's denial of having anything to do with the September 11 , 2001 attacks in New York City , Washington , D.C. and Pennsylvania .
" Following the latest explosions in the United States , some Americans are pointing the finger at me , but I deny that because I have not done it .
The United States has always accused me of these incidents which have been caused by its enemies .
Reiterating once again , I say that I have not done it , and the perpetrators have carried this out because of their own interest , " said bin Laden on September 16 , 2001 , just five days after the attacks .
The aftermath of the bombing in Kenya .
Bin Laden also states that he was living in Afghanistan at the time of the attacks and that " I have held talks with His Eminence Amir ol - Momenin [ Taleban leader Mola Mohammad Omar Mojahed ] , who does not allow such acts to be carried out from Afghanistan 's territory . "
Again on September 28 , 2001 in an interview with Karachi Ummat , bin Laden denies any involvement with the attacks and further denied that al - Qaeda had anything to do with plotting and carrying out the attacks .
However , in May , just four months prior to the September 11 attacks , bin Laden reportedly says that if the Taliban allows him , he can make life for Americans very difficult .
" If the Taleban allowed , [ I ] could make life miserable for the United States .
The United States [ is ] imposing unjust sanctions on Muslims .
Imposing such sanctions and boasting of power [ is ] a US hobby .
The U.S. will fall to pieces , " stated bin Laden which was quoted by ANN on May 17 , 2001 .
Five years before , bin Laden declared a " jihad " on the U.S. .
In April of 2002 , the television station London MBC said it obtained a video reportedly showing bin Laden and an al - Qaeda spokesman praising the 9/11 attacks .
It also allegedly showed , for the first time , images of some of the members of al - Qaeda responsible for hijacking the aircraft used in the attacks .
Bin Laden also blames the U.S. for the bombings in China in 1997 saying that the U.S. was trying " to sabotage relations between China and the Muslim world through the CIA . "
He then goes on to say that he would " promise " to bring " action in the understanding between Pakistan , Iran and China . "
The current whereabouts of bin Laden are not known .
Sources
Cute little pug wo n't let go ....
It ’s official : your suspicions of Wall Street greed have been confirmed .
Despite last year ’s huge losses , multibillion - dollar bailouts and closings of some of the biggest names in the industry , Wall Street still gave out an estimated $ 18.4 billion in bonuses .
Indeed , last year ’s bonuses were the sixth - largest on record .
On Thursday , President Obama , in a flash of anger , called these bonuses “ shameful , ” suggesting that he intended to take a hard line against excesses in executive compensation .
Is it time to make corporate compensation less reliant on bonuses ?
Here ’s what some people in the know had to say .
The End of an Era
John C. Coffee Jr. is the Adolf A. Berle Professor of Law and director of the Center on Corporate Governance at Columbia University Law School .
Although the public is amazed at the seeming arrogance underlying Merrill Lynch ’s payment of more than $ 4 billion in discretionary bonuses to its investment bankers in a year in which it incurred record losses , this episode may more truly mark the “ last hurrah ” for a system and a culture that is approaching extinction .
“ Investment banks were teams of prima donnas , compensated under an ‘ eat - what - you - kill ’ system . ”
Free-standing investment banks were the historical product of the Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 , which insisted on the separation of investment and commercial banking .
With the repeal of that legislation in 1999 , larger commercial banks gradually began to acquire investment banks , and the 2008 financial crisis simply accelerated this process .
As this happened , two very different cultures collided — and Bank of America ’s evident anger at the Merrill Lynch bonuses shows this culture shock .
Commercial banks tend to be bureaucratic and hierarchical institutions with large executive staffs , in which junior officers climb the executive ladder patiently .
Investment banks were teams of prima donnas , compensated under an “ eat - what - you - kill ” system .
Investment bankers were also highly mobile , and even mid-level bankers might be the key “ relationship ” partners to major clients , who could take the clients with them if they moved .
Hence , they could command a portion of the transaction revenues that they generated .
The federal bailout is compelling the end of this compensation system because the bonuses would come from taxpayer subsidies .
But the incompatibility of the two cultures would likely have curtailed them anyway .
Does this mean that the day of the entrepreneurial risk - taking professional , who accepts feast and famine in alternating years , is over ?
Not really .
Other professions seem also to thrive on “ eat - what - you - kill ” compensation .
Witness the plaintiff ’s attorney paid by contingency fees and the professional athlete with performance bonuses .
But such a compensation system proves organizationally disruptive within larger and more staid “ corporatist ” organizations — except possibly at the very top !
Bonuses v. Bailout
Lori Kletzer is a professor of labor economics at University of California , Santa Cruz .
The point of employee bonuses is to tie compensation to results .
If employees do better when the firm does better , then individual efforts and interests may be more correctly aligned with firm interests .
Hence , workers get bonuses in good times , and get their “ guaranteed ” salary in bad times .
For Wall Street firms , 2008 was clearly a “ terrible , horrible , no good , very bad ” year ( with apologies to Judith Viorst ’s Alexander ) .
Surely , there was no “ performance ” reason for Wall Street to dole out $ 18.4 billion in bonuses .
“ Firms taking bailout money should be subject to full public scrutiny in their compensation schemes . ”
Worse , those bonuses came for a year when financial firms took government bailout money .
In the sense that “ all dollars are green , ” it not only looks wrong , it is wrong for taxpayer money ( including future generations , given the bailout / deficit link ) to go to bonuses of the already affluent .
Yes , we know that some bonuses dribble down to administrative assistants and clerical staff .
But should n’t these workers get appropriately sized guaranteed salaries without depending on bonuses ?
After all , it ’s unlikely that their particular efforts drove firm profits .
At the same time , these workers surely were not responsible for the financial crisis .
So what can be done ?
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner noted the inappropriateness of Citigroup buying a $ 50 million corporate jet .
Likewise , firms taking bailout money should be subject to full public scrutiny in their compensation schemes .
The problem is not the bonus payments per se , it is the bailout money .
Something ’s Fishy
Susan E. Reed is a journalist who has covered business news for CBS and several other organizations for 20 years .
Merrill Lynch shareholders have begun to discuss the possibility of suing the company for reportedly paying out $ 3 to $ 4 billion in cash bonuses to the financial wizards who enabled the firm to lose billions last year .
A successful suit of this kind would give financial services companies the shove they need to reform bonus practices that sanctify infernal risk and focus too little on the long - term growth and stability of the company .
A more productive way to distribute rewards is by only awarding company stock .
This would keep employees mindful of the risks they are taking to their organization and would tie their company ’s performance to their own .
It would reduce the every - man - for - himself mentality that has thrived inside the big investment houses .
And it would require employees and managers to shoulder their own risk .
“ A more productive way to distribute rewards is by only awarding company stock . ”
It is not at all clear at this point how the Merrill shareholders will proceed now that they have sold or traded their shares as part of the merger with Bank of America .
But the fact that Andrew Cuomo , New York ’s attorney general , has started to subpoena the main players in the case indicates that he is at least suspicious of why the bonuses were paid in the first place , and issued in December , conveniently before the Bank of America ’s acquisition in January .
The larger question for taxpayers , who , through the Troubled Asset Relief Program , will contribute an estimated $ 7,000 per family to some of the very financial companies that caused the meltdown , is why the risk the companies took will be socialized , spread to all taxpayers , while the gains will remain privatized .
This means , essentially , that each American family will pay at least $ 7,000 in bonuses to these companies for the destabilizing risks that undermined the global economy .
It begins to put bonuses in an entirely new light , does n’t it ?
Money Is n’t Everything
Curt W. Coffman , a senior partner of a management consulting firm , is the co-author of “ First , Break All the Rules ” and “ Follow This Path . ”
Many corporate directors and compensation committee members say they will lose great people and talent if bonuses are not provided .
But this is n’t true .
Research shows that while pay and compensation are important , intrinsic motivation such as mission , purpose , achievement and creation of value trumps the dollar .
Indeed , when order of importance is tabulated , pay hovers at seventh place in its importance to creating high performance among employees .
“ Corporate leaders who received a bonus in 2008 should do the right thing and return it to the company . ”
We do n’t need to reform how we pay and reward employees , we simply need to return to the basic principles of performance - based compensation .
During the past decade or so , the criteria for bonuses on Wall Street has moved away from the company ’s actual worth , or revenue , to posted gains instead .
Those gains are often based on risky investments and offer only short - term insight into a company ’s worth .
Going forward , corporate directors need to tie compensation to clearly defined targets that build the value of the company ’s shares to the benefit of employees , shareholders and long - term sustainability .
Why ?
Because organizations need to eschew “ buying growth ” and dedicate themselves instead to “ building growth . ”
In the meantime , corporate leaders who received a bonus in 2008 should do the right thing and return it to the company .
And at the end of the day , if you must pay employees the unearned bonus — do so and quickly show them the door !
The Wrong Word
James P. Othmer is the author of “ The Futurist , ” a novel , and the forthcoming “ Adland : Searching for the Meaning of Life on a Branded Planet . ”
The problem is n’t with corporate bonuses ; it ’s with corporate semantics .
By definition , a bonus is “ something in addition to what is expected or strictly due . ”
Perhaps , pre-Enron , pre-Madoff , pre-collapse of the financial , real estate and automotive industries , executives got away with receiving their annual seven figure bonuses because we were willing to believe that they truly were surprised by them .
Or we were so comfortable with our own financial situation that we did n’t care .
After all , it was a bonus !
Super - sized versions of the token gestures we were occasionally given even in our own jobs .
The holiday turkey .
The extra week ’s paycheck .
Or , if you happened to work in my field of advertising during the 1990s , the window pane envelope filled with soon to be worthless stock options .
The primary reason we could call them bonuses is because some years we got one , but for so many others we got an explanation .
A key account was lost .
The global network had an off year .
Something to do with the price of something .
Any true bonus has the thrill of uncertainty about it .
And the knowledge that when you finally get a good one all of your vocational stars are in alignment .
However , when a bonus is not only expected but mandated under any circumstance , it ceases to be a bonus .
It becomes an outrage .
Same goes for perks .
All of which is why I ’m convinced if the Wall Street executives who this year raked in the sixth - highest haul in the history of bonuses , despite being responsible for the worst performing market of our lifetime , simply had the foresight to call their windfall anything but a bonus , we ’d be cool with them .
We do n’t need to reform corporate bonuses .
We just need to rephrase them .
Too bad bailout is taken .
The mayor of London , Boris Johnson , was involved in an expletive - filled exchange with a senior MP who criticised him for giving confused evidence to a Commons committee .
The Tory mayor is said to have used the F - word 10 times and accused Keith Vaz , the Labour chairman of the home affairs committee , of talking " bullshit " during a telephone call , according to the London Evening Standard .
Minutes of the conversation were produced and circulated to members of the committee , the Standard reported .
Johnson 's aides said he had used the F - word no more than two or three times and was disappointed that a private conversation had been made public .
In a statement , a spokeswoman for Johnson said that the pair had spoken by phone after Vaz and a committee colleague had appeared on BBC television accusing the mayor of being " uncooperative and confused " .
The spokeswoman said : " The mayor made his points forcefully and once or twice used strong language , because he believes he has been cooperative and courteous on all the issues of concern to the committee and sought to answer every further question that has been put to him .
Despite this , Mr Vaz has repeatedly suggested otherwise . "
The conversation took place last Wednesday evening after Johnson gave evidence to the committee about his conversations with the Conservative leader , David Cameron , about the arrest of Tory MP Damian Green .
During the session the mayor , who is also chairman of the Metropolitan police authority , initially denied speaking to Cameron about Green 's arrest on the day it happened .
He later ­confirmed the pair had spoken " briefly " about the issue that afternoon , and then recalled that he spoke to the Tory leader by telephone that lunchtime as well .
Vaz described the changes as a " very ­serious matter " and asked him to clarify his account in writing .
Johnson wrote back to Vaz saying he had fully cooperated with the committee and regretted suggestions to the contrary .
However , he is said to have been more forceful in his telephone conversation with Vaz , saying : " The key point that is not getting across : I did n't give any f*** ing information to Cameron , " according to the Standard .
Some members of Vaz 's committee have said they were shocked at the strength of Johnson 's language and his lack of respect for the chairman .
A Gold Classics Library Selection
Who o wns and controls the Federal Reserve
by Dr. Edward Flaherty
Author ’s preface –
Is the Federal Reserve System secretly owned and covertly controlled by powerful foreign banking interests ?
If so , how ?
These claims , made chiefly by authors Eustace Mullins ( 1983 ) and Gary Kah ( 1991 ) and repeated by many others , are quite serious because the Fed is the United States central bank and controls U.S. monetary policy .
By changing the supply of money in circulation , the Fed influences interest rates , affecting the mortgage payments of millions of families , causing the financial markets to boom or collapse , and prompting the economy to expand or to stumble into recession .
Such awesome power presumably would be used to benefit the U.S. economy .
Mullins and Kah both argued that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is owned by foreigners .
Although the New York Fed is just one of twelve Federal Reserve banks , controlling it , they claimed , is tantamount to control of the entire System .
Foreigners use their command of the New York Fed to manipulate U.S. monetary policy for their own and , as Kah asserted , to further their global political goals , namely the establishment of the sinister New World Order .
This essay examines the accuracy of these claims .
Specifically , it investigates the charge that the New York Federal Reserve Bank is owned , directly or indirectly , by foreign elements , whether the New York Fed in effect runs the whole Federal Reserve System , and whether its enormous annual profits accrue primarily to foreigners or to the U.S government .
This essay shows that there is little evidence to support the idea of foreign ownership and much that contradicts it .
In addition , it presents evidence to show that the New York Fed does not command the entire System , as well as recent data demonstrating that the System ’s profits are paid to the federal government .
Who Owns the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ?
Each of the twelve Federal Reserve Banks is organized into a corporation whose shares are sold to the commercial banks and thrifts operating within the Bank ’s district .
Shareholders elect six of the nine the board of directors for their regional Federal Reserve Bank as well as its president .
Mullins reported that the top eight stockholders of the New York Fed were , in order from largest to smallest as of 1983 , Citibank , Chase Manhatten , Morgan Guaranty Trust , Chemical Bank , Manufacturers Hanover Trust , Bankers Trust Company , National Bank of North America , and the Bank of New York ( Mullins , p. 179 ) .
Together , these banks owned about 63 percent of the New York Fed ’s outstanding stock .
Mullins then showed that many of these banks are owned by about a dozen European banking organizations , mostly British , and most notably the Rothschild banking dynasty .
Through their American agents they are able to select the board of directors for the New York Fed and to direct U.S. monetary policy .
Mullins explained ,
‘… The most powerful men in the United States were themselves answerable to another power , a foreign power , and a power which had been steadfastly seeking to extend its control over the young republic since its very inception .
The power was the financial power of England , centered in the London Branch of the House of Rothschild .
The fact was that in 1910 , the United States was for all practical purposes being ruled from England , and so it is today ’ ( Mullins , p. 47-48 ) .
He further commented that the day the Federal Reserve Act was passed , “ the Constitution ceased to be the governing covenant of the American people , and our liberties were handed over to a small group of international bankers ” ( Ibid , p. 29 ) .
Unfortunately , Mullins ’ source for the stockholders of the New York Fed could not be verified .
He claimed his source was the Federal Reserve Bulletin , although it has never included shareholder information , nor has any other Federal Reserve periodical .
It is difficult researching this particular claim because a Federal Reserve Bank is not a publicly traded corporation and is therefore not required by the Securities and Exchange Commission to publish a list of its major shareholders .
The question of ownership can still be addressed , however , by examining the legal rules for acquisition of such stock .
The Federal Reserve
Act requires national banks and participating state banks to purchase shares of their regional Federal Reserve Bank upon joining the System , thereby becoming “ member banks ” ( 12 USCA 282 ) .
Since the eight banks Mullins named all operate within the New York Federal Reserve district , and are all nationally chartered banks , they are required to be shareholders of the New York Federal Reserve Bank .
They are also probably the major shareholders as Mullins claimed .
Are these eight banks on Mullins ’ list of stockholders owned by foreigners , what Mullins termed the London Connection ?
The SEC requires the name of any individual or organization that owns more than 5 percent of the outstanding shares of a publicly traded firm be made public .
If foreigners own any shares of Mullins ’ eight banks , then their portions are not greater than 5 percent at this time .
With no significant holdings of the major New York area banks , it does not seem likely that foreign conspirators could direct their actions .
Perhaps foreigners own shares of the New York Federal Reserve Bank directly .
The law stipulates a small portion of Federal Reserve stock may be available for sale to the public .
No person or organization , however , may own more than $ 25,000 of such public stock and none of it carries voting rights ( 12 USCA 283 ) .
However , under the terms of the Federal Reserve Act , public stock was only to be sold in the event the sale of stock to member banks did not raise the minimum of $ 4 million of initial capital for each Federal Reserve Bank when they were organized in 1913 ( 12 USCA 281 ) .
Each Bank was able to raise the necessary amount through member stock sales , and no public stock was ever sold to the non -bank public .
In other words , no Federal Reserve stock has ever been sold to foreigners ; it has only been sold to banks which are members of the Federal Reserve System ( Woodward , 1996 ) .
Regardless of the foreign ownership conjecture , Mullins argued that since the money - center banks of New York owned the largest portion of stock in the New York Fed , they could hand - pick its board of directors and president .
This would give them , and hence the London Connection , control over Fed operations and U.S. monetary policy .
This argument is faulty because each commercial bank receives one vote regardless of its size , unlike most corporate voting structures in which the number of votes is tied to the number of shares a person holds ( Ibid ) .
The New York Federal Reserve district contains over 1,000 member banks , so it is highly unlikely that even the largest and most powerful banks would be able to coerce so many smaller ones to vote in a particular manner .
To control the vote of a majority of member banks would mean acquiring a controlling interest in about 500 member banks of the New York district .
Such an expenditure would require an outlay in the hundreds of billions of dollars .
Surely there is a cheaper path to global domination .
An historical example may make clear that member banks do not control the Federal Reserve ’s policies .
Galbraith ( 1990 ) recounted that in the spring of 1929 the New York Stock Exchange was booming .
Prices there had been rising considerably , extending the bull market that had begun in 1924 .
The Federal Reserve Board decided to take steps to arrest the speculative bubble that appeared to have been forming : it raised the cost banks had to pay to borrow from the Federal Reserve and it increased speculators ’ margin requirements .
Charles Mitchell , then the head of National City Bank ( today known as Citibank ) , which was the largest shareholder of the New York Federal Reserve Bank according to Mullins , was so irritated by this decision that in a bank statement he wrote , “ We feel that we have an obligation which is paramount to any Federal Reserve warning , or anything else , to avert any dangerous crisis in the money market ” ( Galbraith , p. 57 ) .
National City Bank promised to increase lending to offset any restrictive policies of the Federal Reserve .
Wrote Galbraith , “ The effect was more than satisfactory : the market took off again .
In the three summer months , the increase in prices outran all of the quite impressive increase that had occurred during the entire previous year ” ( Ibid ) .
If the Fed and its policies were really under the control of its major stockholders , then why did the Federal Reserve Board clearly buck the intent of its single largest shareholder ?
This information also eluded fellow conspiracy theorist Gary Kah , who disagreed with Mullins on who owns the New York Fed .
His Swiss and Saudi Arabian contacts identified the top eight shareholders as the Rothschild Banks of London and Berlin ; Lazard Brothers Banks of Paris ; Israel Moses Seif Banks of Italy ; Warburg Bank of Hamburg and Amsterdam ; Lehman Brothers of New York ; Kuhn , Loeb Bank of New York ; Chase Manhatten ; and Goldman , Sachs of New York ( Kah , p. 13 ) .
It is impossible to verify Kah ’s information because it is not known who his “ contacts ” were .
Nevertheless , Kah ’s list differs substantially from Mullins ’ compilation .
Most interestingly , in Kah ’s list foreigners own the New York Fed directly without having to own majority interests in U.S. banks , as is the case with Mullins ’ list .
The discrepancies in the two lists mean that at least one of them is wrong , and possibly both .
Kah ’s list is the bogus one because no public stock has ever been issued , so it is not possible for anyone on Kah ’s list other than Chase Manhatten to own shares of the New York Fed .
Moreover , Kah seemed ignorant of important details about the organization of Federal Reserve stock and management , especially for someone claiming to have done as much research on the subject as he did .
He referred to the organizations on his stockholders list as “ Class A shareholders , ” which is curious because Federal Reserve stock is not classified in this manner ( Ibid ) .
It can be either member stock , which can be purchased only by commercial banks and thrifts seeking to become members of the Federal Reserve System , or public stock .
However , the directors of a Federal Reserve bank are separated into Class A , B , and C categories , depending on how they are appointed ( 12 USCA 302 , 304 , 305 ) .
Three class A directors are chosen by the member banks .
Three class B directors are also elected by the member banks to represent the non -bank sectors of the economy .
The final three directors , class C , are picked by the Board of Governors also to represent the non -bank public .
This may be the source of Kah ’s confusion , but it is a relatively simple point that he should have detected had his research efforts been thorough .
Does the New York Fed Call the Shots ?
Mullins and Kah further argued that by controlling the New York Fed the international banking elite could command the entire Federal Reserve System , and thus direct U.S. monetary policy for their own profit .
“ For all practical purposes , ” Kah stressed , “ the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is the Federal Reserve ” ( Ibid ) .
This is the linchpin of their conspiracy theory because it provides the mechanism by which the international bankers execute their plans .
A brief look at how the Fed ’s powers over monetary policy are actually distributed shows that the key assumption in the Mullins - Kah conspiracy theory is erroneous .
The Federal Reserve System is controlled not by the New York Fed , but by the Board of Governors ( the Board ) and the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) .
The Board is a seven member panel appointed by the President and approved by the Senate .
It determines the interest rate , known as the discount rate , for loans to commercial banks and thrifts , selects the required reserve ratio which determines how much of customer deposits a bank must keep on hand ( a factor that significantly affects a bank ’s ability create new loans ) , and also decides how much new currency Federal Reserve Banks may issue each year ( 12 USCA 248 ) .
The FOMC consists of the members of the Board , the president of the New York Fed , and four presidents from other Fed Banks .
The FOMC formulates open market policy , which determines how much in government bonds the Fed Banks may trade , and is the most effective and commonly used of the Fed ’s monetary policy tools ( 12 USCA 263 ) .
The key point is that a Federal Reserve Bank cannot change its discount rate or required reserve ratio , issue additional currency , or purchase government bonds without the explicit approval of either the Board or the FOMC .
The New York Federal Reserve Bank through its direct and permanent representation on the FOMC has more say on monetary policy than other Federal Reserve Banks , but it still only has one vote of twelve on the FOMC and no say at all in setting the discount rate or the required reserve ratio .
If it wanted monetary policy to go in one direction , while the Board and the rest of the FOMC wanted policy to go another , then the New York Fed would be out - voted .
The powers over U.S. monetary policy rest firmly with the publicly - appointed Board of Governors and the Federal Open Market Committee , not with the New York Federal Reserve Bank or a group of international conspirators .
Mullins also made a great to - do about the Federal Advisory Council ( the Council ) .
This is a panel of twelve representatives appointed by the board of directors of each Fed Bank .
The Council meets at least four times each year with the members of the Board to give them their advice and to discuss general economic conditions ( 12 USCA 261 , 262 ) .
Many of the members have been bankers , a point not at all missed by Mullins .
He speculated that it is able to force its will on the Board of Governors .
The claim that the “ advice ” of the council members is not binding on the Governors or that it carries no weight is to claim that four times a year , twelve of the most influential bankers in the United States take time from their work to travel to Washington to meet with the Federal Reserve Board merely to drink coffee and exchange pleasantries ( Mullins , p. 45 ) .
A point very much missed by Mullins is that the Council has no voting power in Board meetings , and thus has no direct input into monetary policy .
In support of his hypothesis that Council members have been able to impose their will on the Board , Mullins offered no evidence , not even an anecdote .
Moreover , his Council theory is inconsistent with his general thesis that the Federal Reserve System is manipulated by European banking interests through their control of the New York Fed .
If this were true , then why would they also need the Council ?
Who Gets the Fed ’s Profits ?
Gary Kah and Thomas Schauf have also maintained that the huge profits of the Federal Reserve System are diverted to its foreign owners through the dividends paid to its stockholders .
Kah reported “ Each year billions of dollars are ‘ earned ’ by Class A stockholders of the Federal Reserve ” ( Kah , p. 20 ) .
Schauf further lamented by asking , “ When are the profits of the Fed going to start flowing into the Treasury so that average Americans are no longer burdened with excessive , unnecessary taxes ? ”
The Federal Reserve System certainly makes large profits .
According to the Board ’s 1995 Annual Report , the System had net income totaling $ 23.9 billion , which , if it were a single firm , would qualify it as one of the most profitable companies in the world .
How were these profits distributed ?
By an agreement between the Board of Governors and the Treasury , nearly all of the Fed ’s annual profits are paid to the federal government .
Accordingly , a lion ’s share of $ 23.4 billion , which represents 97.9 percent of the Federal Reserve ’s net income , was transferred to the Treasury .
The Federal Reserve Banks kept $ 283 million , and the remaining $ 231 million was paid to its stockholders as dividends .
Given that less than one percent of the Fed ’s net earnings are distributed as dividends , it seems that an investor could easily find much more profitable ways to store their wealth than buying Federal Reserve stock .
Regarding Schauf ’s lamentation , the Federal Reserve System has been paying its profits to the Treasury since 1947 .
Conclusion
It does not appear that the New York Federal Reserve Bank is owned , either directly or indirectly , by foreigners .
Neither Mullins nor Kah provided verifiable sources for their allegations , nor did their mysterious sources agree on exactly who owns the New York Federal Reserve Bank .
Moreover , their central assumption that control of the New York Federal Reserve is the same as control of the whole System is wrong and demonstrates a lack of understanding of the System ’s basic organizational structure .
The profits of the Federal Reserve System , again contrary to the assertion of Kah and Schauf , are funneled back to the federal government , not to an “ international banking elite . ”
If the U.S. central bank is in the grip of a banking conspiracy , then Mullins and Kah have certainly not uncovered it .
References :
82nd Annual Report , 1995 .
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System .
U.S. Government Printing Office .
Galbraith , John K. 1990 .
A Short History of Financial Euphoria .
New York : Whittle Direct Books .
Kah , Gary .
1991 . En Route to Global Occupation .
Lafayette , La. : Huntington House .
Mullins , Eustace .
1983 .
Secrets of the Federal Reserve .
Staunton , Va. : Bankers Research Institute .
Shauf , Thomas .
1992 . The Federal Reserve .
Streamwood , IL : FED -UP , Inc .
Woodward , G. Thomas .
1996 .
“ Money and the Federal Reserve System : Myth and Reality . ” Congressional Research Service
United States Code Annotated .
1994 . U.S. Government Printing Office .
Reprinted with permission .
A word on USAGOLD – USAGOLD ranks among the most reputable gold companies in the United States .
Founded in the 1970s and still family - owned , it is one of the oldest and most respected names in the gold industry .
USAGOLD has always attracted a certain type of investor – one looking for a high degree of reliability and market insight coupled with a professional client ( rather than customer ) approach to precious metals ownership .
We are large enough to provide the advantages of scale , but not so large that we do not have time for you .
( We invite your visit to the Better Business Bureau website to review our five - star , zero - complaint record .
The report includes a large number of verified customer reviews . )
ORDER DESK
1-800-869-5115 Ext#100
orderdesk@usagold.com
Disclaimer – Opinions expressed on the USAGOLD.com website do not constitute an offer to buy or sell , or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any precious metals product , nor should they be viewed in any way as investment advice or advice to buy , sell or hold .
USAGOLD , Inc. recommends the purchase of physical precious metals for asset preservation purposes , not speculation .
Utilization of these opinions for speculative purposes is neither suggested nor advised .
Commentary is strictly for educational purposes , and as such USAGOLD does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy , timeliness or completeness of the information found here .
Enlarge By Henny Ray Abrams , AP Geoffrey Friedman of Barclays Capital leans on his trading post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange Tuesday , FIVE TRADING DAYS FIVE TRADING DAYS
Dow Jones industrial average , five days NEW YORK 
The $ 787 billion stimulus bill became law Tuesday but did little to stimulate hope on Wall Street .
Investors anxious about the nation 's deepening economic funk fled stocks and sent the Dow Jones industrial average spiraling down almost 300 points — and within a fraction of its November bear market low .
The sell - off was the latest sign that investors are n't sure if the federal government 's massive intervention to jump - start the economy will be bold enough to turn things around quickly .
It also raised concerns that broader indexes such as the Standard & Poor 's 500 are in danger of falling further and undercutting their Nov. 20 lows .
If the prior bear market lows fail to hold , it could signal another leg down for the stock market , which is already struggling through its worst bear since the late 1930s , analysts say .
" There is just very little inspiration to buy stocks now , " says Richard Cripps , chief investment officer at Stifel Financial .
" When you buy a stock , you are buying the future .
And the future is very uncertain . "
A lack of buyers led to plunging stocks and a rise in fear .
The Dow fell 297.81 points , or 3.8 % , to 7552.60 , within 0.31 points of its 5 ½ - year low .
The Dow , home to hard - hit stocks such as Bank of America and General Motors , is down 13.9 % this year and 46.7 % off its record high .
Jittery investors sought out the safety of government Treasury bonds , as well as gold , which is considered a haven in tough economic times .
A widely followed fear index , known as the VIX , jumped more than 13 % .
A big obstacle confronting stocks is the sharp drop in U.S. company profits caused by the drying up of consumer spending due to mounting job losses and fear that worse times are ahead .
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expect earnings of S&P 500 firms to shrink by more than 25 % in the first two quarters of 2009 , far below the 25 % - plus growth estimated on Oct.
1 . " The economic and earnings recession is going to be longer and more severe than expected , " says Hugh Johnson , chief investment officer at Johnson Illington Advisors .
" The market has to go to a new level to reflect reality . "
The Dow 's drop to its most recent low , which has been viewed as a floor for stock prices , has also come amid increasing investor skepticism about the Treasury Department 's still unfinished plan to shore up the ailing banking system , Johnson adds .
Since the original stimulus package passed the House on Jan. 28 , the Dow Jones Wilshire 5000 index has fallen 9.1 % , or $ 900 billion , and the DJ Wilshire U.S. Banks index is off 22.5 % Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
By Flora Graham
BBC News
The Pirate Bay was launched in 2003 The Pirate Bay was launched in 2003 and has established itself as the world 's most high - profile file - sharing site .
But its founders are now on trial for copyright violation and face imprisonment , if found guilty .
The Pirate Bay team are n't shy about what they are doing - they are pirates , and proud of it .
Their logo shows a galleon under full sail , with a cassette tape topping a skull and crossbones in a nod to the Jolly Roger .
It is an accurate characterisation , according to Swedish prosecutors , who have put three of the website 's creators and one of its sponsors on trial on charges of contributing to copyright infringement .
But the defendants claim to be more Robin Hood than Blackbeard , freeing creative content from the shackles of copyright .
" There is not a cause closer to my heart , " one of the founders told Wired .
" This is my crusade . "
The Pirate Bay website hosts BitTorrent tracker files , and claims to be the world 's largest : in February 2009 , it reported 22 million simultaneous users .
BitTorrent connects people so that they can share files over the internet .
But users need a " tracker " link to find what they 're looking for - like the index card in a library catalogue .
The Pirate Bay provides a directory of these trackers , essentially becoming a library of catalogues .
It does n't store the books , or files , itself , just the information on where to find them .
This distinction is what Pirate Bay claims will protect them under Swedish law .
Two Pirate Bay founders , Gottfrid Warg and Peter Sunde , arrive in court " The tracker provides the user only with . torrent files which contain no copyrighted data .
The actual copyrighted material is to be found on the individual machines of our users , not on our servers , " says the site .
The Pirate Bay 's enormous success has enraged copyright protection groups like the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) .
And the site 's cheeky bravado rubs salt in the wounds .
For example , it posts all of the cease - and - desist letters that it receives , including its sarcastic replies .
" Please do n't sue us right now , our lawyer is passed out in an alley , " says a reply to videogame giant Electronic Arts .
History
The site was founded by the Swedish file - sharing advocacy group Piratbyran ( " The Piracy Bureau " ) in 2003 , but has been run independently since 2004 .
As other file - sharing websites were felled by threats and lawsuits from industry heavyweights like the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , the Pirate Bay held its ground .
Confident that Sweden 's lax copyright laws meant that they were on the right side of the rules , the site continued to defy legal threats that caused other torrent sites , such as Isohunt , to remove links to infringing torrents upon request .
After every victory , file sharing has got bigger .
I see no reason why the same wo n't happen this time
Mark Mulligan , Forrester Research
As one of the few high - profile survivors , its piece of the file trading pie grew .
The site 's antagonistic attitude and tangles with copyright holders and rights organisations increased its profile , and the site now claims to be among the top 100 websites in the world .
The Pirate Bay 's fame became too much for Swedish authorities , and in March 2006 the site 's offices were raided by police investigating allegations of copyright violations .
Truckloads of file server computers were seized , the site was closed , and three people were held for questioning , including two of the defendants in the court case , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg and Fredrik Neij .
Authorities denied that the raid was prompted by urging from the MPA , the international arm of the MPAA , but the Swedish media revealed that the MPA had met with the justice ministry in the months before the raid .
The Pirate Bay offers links to TV , films and music The Pirate Bay 's site administrators scrambled to get the site back up and running , and with help from volunteers around the world , it was restored within three days .
Since the raid , the Pirate Bay has set up a network of servers so that shutting down any one site will only cause the site to go down for minutes .
Since then , site administrators have challenged all comers to try to shut them down .
" I really want the pleasure of it being down three minutes , then up again , " Frederik Neij told Wired .
With Sweden 's waters becoming less pirate - friendly , the Pirate Bay looked for warmer climes .
In January 2007 , it reportedly tried to buy Sealand , a platform in the North Sea off the Suffolk coast , which claims national sovereignty .
After that fell through , the Bay raised money to buy an island , but the plan was never realised .
Some media companies have apparently decided to take matters into their own hands rather than wait for the slow pace of the Swedish courts .
In September 2007 , hackers leaked six months of internal e-mails from anti-piracy company Media Defender , which revealed that the company was discussing hiring hackers to attack the Pirate Bay 's servers .
It was the Pirate Bay 's turn to go to the courts , and it filed charges against the Swedish arms of Media Defender clients such as Twentieth Century Fox , EMI and Paramount .
The charges were not pursued , which also led to protests after the police investigator , Jim Keyzer , took a job for Warner Brothers , a member of the MPAA .
Mr Keyzer is scheduled to be a witness in the Pirate Bay trial .
But the Pirate Bay 's Robin Hood reputation was sullied in July 2007 when a reporter , posing as a potential advertiser on the site , estimated that the site was earning up to £ 55,000 per month that was being channelled into a front company in Switzerland .
Mr Neij has denied that his team was getting rich from operating the Pirate Bay .
" I wish I earned that , " he told Vanity Fair .
" Do I look like I have , like , $ 2m ? " Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , another defendant , pointed out that they lost $ 60,000 worth of equipment in the raids .
" It 's not free to operate a website on this scale , " he said .
Strongest challenge
With the Pirate Bay facing its strongest challenge yet , its administrators have not stopped rattling their cutlasses .
Mr Warg , in a webcast on Sunday , said : " What are they going to do about it ?
They have already failed to take down the site once .
Let them fail again .
" It has a life without us . "
Mark Mulligan , a digital media analyst at Forrester Research , agreed that even if the Pirate Bay was brought down by the case , the file - sharing genie could not be put back in the bottle .
" The industry knows this .
But they also know that they need to go through the motions , particularly with the big players .
If they do n't , that essentially green lights file sharing . "
He points to previous industry victories against companies like Napster , which shut down the network but did n't reduce the market .
" After every victory , file - sharing has got bigger .
I see no reason why the same wo n't happen this time . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Enlarge File photo , AP
In this Jan. 8 , 2003 file photo , a reconstructed Neanderthal skeleton , right , and a modern human version of a skeleton are on display at the Museum of Natural History in New York .
A team of international scientists has completed a draft of the Neanderthal 's generic blueprint .
An international team Thursday said it has completed a draft of the genome ( or genetic blueprint ) of Neanderthals , which shows that our extinct cousins made " very little , if any " contribution to human genes .
Team chief Svante Pääbo of Germany 's Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig described the work as a 63 % complete gene map .
This genome was stitched together from fossil DNA samples taken from four Neanderthals found in Europe .
Neanderthals occupied Europe from about 800,000 to 30,000 years ago .
Scholars have long argued over their extinction , and their relationship to people .
" We still have lots of gaps , but we also now have a good overview of the ( Neanderthal ) genome , " said Pääbo , in a webcast from Germany .
The announcement previews a presentation scheduled for Sunday at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Chicago .
" We see this as a tool for future biologists ( looking for ) what 's really unique to modern humans . "
" I think it is spectacular , to get something out of bones 40,000 years old , absolutely stunning , " says anthropological geneticist Henry Harpending of the University of Utah , author of The 10,000 Year Explosion : How Civilization Accelerated Human Evolution .
The Neanderthals , " represent the last diverging branch on the bush of human evolution , " said Max Planck 's Jean - Jaques Hublin , who spoke at the briefing .
" Study of Neanderthals tells us what made modern humans really modern . "
The results suggest that the primitive human ancestors of Neanderthals and modern humans separated , to Europe and Africa respectively , about 800,000 years ago and that Neanderthals became genetically distinct from that common ancestor only about 300,000 years ago .
The genes of Neanderthals and modern humans are more closely related than chimps and humans , Pääbo says , but Neanderthal genes differ 50 % more than the differences between the most distantly - related humans .
The researchers have sampled Neanderthal bones for DNA since 1997 .
Only last year did researchers produce a gene map of Neanderthal " mitochondrial " DNA , genes found outside the center of cells .
The draft genome of " nuclear " DNA found in the center of cells required mapping 3.7 million gene elements to find : • Humans and Neanderthals share a speech gene , but not a gene that regulates brain size in humans .
• A " tiny " possibility of interbreeding between humans and Neanderthals , although European genes lean slightly closer , in a statistical sense , to the extinct race ; researchers think that may signify trace contamination of their samples with lab researchers ' DNA .
• Uniformity suggesting the Neanderthals , like modern humans , arose from a small population .
Paleontologist Christopher Stringer of the Natural History Museum in London , says the genome suggests " while interbreeding was probably possible , it may have occurred only rarely , with trivial impact on modern humans "
The draft genome relied on state - of - the - art gene sequencing machines and techniques , including the radioactive tagging of verified Neanderthal genes , to produce results only a decade after the completion of a draft human genome .
The researchers relied on a 37,000 year - old thigh bone found in Croatia , as well as 43,000 - year - old from El Sidron , Spain , a 41,000 year - old - bone from Germany and a 70,000 - year - old bone from Mezmaiskaya Cave in the Caucasus .
They hope to have a 100 % complete Neanderthal gene map within three years .
Gene maps of extinct creatures , such as the woolly mammoth and cave bear , have served as tune - ups for the Neanderthal effort in recent years .
But Pääbo threw water on the question of whether the genome would enable cloning of Neanderthals .
" I would say starting with just DNA , it is and will remain impossible .
But we can all speculate as much as we like . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The World Today - Friday , 12 December , 2008 12:34:00 Reporter : Kim Landers ELEANOR HALL : The United States Defence Secretary has confirmed that the US will send thousands of extra troops to Afghanistan by the middle of next year .
Robert Gates is in Afghanistan on his second visit in four months .
But he said he did n't see the boost in US forces leading to a swift end to the war .
Instead he warned that US forces may have to remain in Afghanistan for many years .
Washington correspondent Kim Landers reports .
KIM LANDERS : When US Defence Secretary Robert Gates first planned this trip to Afghanistan , it was supposed to be a farewell tour .
But now he 's staying on at his post at the request of President - elect Barack Obama so this visit has morphed a consultation session about what 's facing the incoming administration .
About 4,000 extra US troops are due to arrive in Afghanistan next month .
Defence Secretary Robert Gates says another two combat brigades will follow soon after .
ROBERT GATES : Again the final decisions have n't come to me , but beyond January we are hopeful that we will be able to send an addition two combat , brigade combat teams by late spring .
KIM LANDERS : Robert Gates has been visiting the rapidly expanding base for international forces in Kandahar in southern Afghanistan .
He 's acknowledged that the fight against the Taliban in the region could be better .
ROBERT GATES :
This is a long fight and I think we are in it until we are successful along with the Afghan people .
KIM LANDERS :
And seven years after US led forces ended Taliban rule , he says an ongoing commitment from America and its allies will be needed for years to come .
ROBERT GATES :
But I do believe that there will be a requirement for a sustained commitment here for some protracted period of time .
How many years that is and how many troops that is , I think nobody knows at this point .
KIM LANDERS : US troop levels are already at their highest since the 2001 invasion .
The US general who oversees the Afghan war is David Petraeus , who heads Central Command .
Earlier this week he delivered a speech in Rome saying he'd recommended a major troop surge in Afghanistan based on requests from General David McKiernan , the top US commander of US and NATO forces in the country .
The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , says while troops can help secure Afghanistan , diplomatic and political progress is needed too .
MIKE MULLEN : Flowing all those troops to Afghanistan will not fix the problem .
It will create the environment , shape the environment .
But there 's a great deal of work that needs to be done , not just by the United States , not just by NATO , but by the international community to get those other two pieces right .
KIM LANDERS : President - elect Barack Obama has already said getting more troops to Afghanistan is a priority .
He too is making it clear that military might in Afghanistan is just one piece of the puzzle in the fight against terrorism .
BARACK OBAMA : We need a strategic partnership with all the parties in the region - Pakistan and India and the Afghan Government - to stamp out the kind of militant , violent , terrorist extremists that have set up base camps and that are operating in ways that threaten the security of everybody in the international community .
And as I 've said before , we can't continue to look at Afghanistan in isolation .
We have to see it is part of a regional problem that includes Pakistan , includes India , includes Kashmir , includes Iran .
KIM LANDERS : Details of where the extra US troops will go have n't been released but it 's expected a large chunk of them will head to southern Afghanistan .
This is Kim Landers in Washington for The World Today .
Men's Health
Inferior preventative health care
There is a general impression that in some aspects of health care men are disadvantaged compared to women .
The lack of Well - Men clinics , and of out - reach or out - of - hours clinics convenient for men , comes to mind .
Funding and research on male - specific diseases has starkly lagged that directed at female - specific diseases .
Similarly for male osteoporosis .
Although physical fitness is important to many men , men are generally less health minded than women .
More reluctant to see a medic if they have a problem , more likely to put up with routine health problems .
Medical services have not been overly male - friendly , and there are now more women than men entering general practice .
Less than 8 % of nurses in general nursing are male , which has a bearing on male privacy .
How many times have you seen a male receptionist in a doctor ’s surgery or in a NHS hospital ?
It is not all one - sided , however .
Current policies on preventing cardio - vascular disease , which affects twice as many men as women , are directed equally at men and women .
Screening tests for cardio - vascular risk factors exist and therapies also exist to control them .
If used , these effectively reduce the burden of cardio - vascular disease .
The problem is that many men do not bother to make use of them .
Screening
An out - reach screening service would help many such men who otherwise would not seek medical advice .
Instead of men seeking a screening service at their local surgery , the screening service would seek them , by touring those places where the least health - conscious men tend to congregate , eg. sports events and workplaces .
This would provide the normal screening for blood pressure , blood lipids , blood sugar and smoking history , alcohol consumption , and obesity , as in the local surgery , but with more time and conducted by men .
Such facility would save many more premature deaths and disabilities in men , and is thus likely to be highly cost - effective .
Sex specific diseases
In the case of sex - specific diseases , however , sexual politics has no doubt played a part in driving priorities in spending and health care towards women rather than men .
Until comparatively recently , research into male specific diseases , such as prostate cancer , has been minimal .
A more accurate and reliable diagnostic test for active prostate cancer is still awaited and more effective treatments with less serious side - effects are needed .
One relatively new treatment , brachytherapy , in which radioactive seeds are implanted in the prostate gland , appears to meet the objective of lower side effects , but its long - term efficacy is still unproven .
The treatment was given approval in 2005 by the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence , but its use is available in only a few areas of the country because of financial pressures on Primary Care Trusts ( PCTs ) .
In other words , its availability is rationed in many areas .
NHS priorities
The reality is that different cancers are given different funding priorities by the National Health Service ( NHS ) .
Breast cancer currently receives ten times more funding than prostate cancer .
This is a huge disparity .
It reflects not only the higher profile of breast cancer gained over the past two decades or so , but also a medical and financial hesitation in the case of prostate cancer in committing resources to routine diagnostic procedures which are unreliable and treatments which to date research has not all been shown to prolong life or prevent disability sufficiently to justify the side effects .
These include pain , incontinence , erectile dysfunction , loss of libido and energy , and the feminisation that the some treatments may produce .
Clearly , a substantial increase in funding is required for prostate cancer research to tackle such uncertainties .
Page Two
MORE than 100 Sydney couples have volunteered to trial a male hormonal contraceptive since it was announced by doctors at the ANZAC Research Institute this month .
The willingness of men to take responsibility for contraception signals a shift in attitude towards family planning , from the onus being mainly on the woman to something shared between partners , experts say .
It also highlights a modern dilemma - the increasing concern of some men that a woman might trick them into a pregnancy , leaving them trapped in a relationship or with a responsibility they do not want .
The director of research at Family Planning NSW , Edith Weisberg , said that while such women were in the minority , some did deliberately become pregnant from a one - night stand or short - term fling .
" I 've had a number of patients who were desperate to have a child but their body clock was running out , so they got into a relationship with the aim of getting pregnant , " Dr Weisberg said .
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- Growing Western concerns about a resurgent Russia have some experts asking how the West lost Russia as an unquestionably pro-Western partner .
John Thornhill , a contributor with the Financial Times , argues that pervasive anti-Westernism throughout Russian society drives it away from Western allegiances .
However , when Gallup recently asked Russian respondents which political system is the most suitable for their country , 40 % favored a system that is similar to the old Soviet one , but is more democratic and market - based .
Tied for the second most popular option , though only favored by about half as many respondents , are a Soviet system , similar to what was in place in Russia prior to " perestroika " ( 18 % ) , and a Western - style democratic republic ( 18 % ) .
Ten percent of Russians surveyed favored a strong authoritarian system that places order above freedom .
Associations Between Preferences for Western Democracy and Free Market Economies
Despite the anti-Western sentiment noted by Thornhill , Russians continue to link some elements of traditional democratic values -- namely a free market economy and democratic governance -- with Western - style democracy .
This is clear when examining the views of the 18 % who prefer a return to the old Soviet system and those of the 18 % who prefer a Western - style democratic republic .
The Gallup Poll reveals that the two groups differ predictably in their attitudes about a free market economy and foreign investments .
First , Gallup asked Russians if they feel the creation of a free market economy , largely free from state control , is right or wrong for the country 's future .
Since Gallup began asking this question in 2006 , Russians have tended to say this approach is wrong , rather than right for their county .
Those respondents who said a Western - style democracy is more suitable are much more likely than those who prefer a Soviet system to say a free market economy is right for the country .
Further , those who favor a Western - style democracy are almost twice as likely to believe that foreign companies will help the Russian economy .
When asked if the Russian government should allow or prohibit foreign companies from buying Russian ones , respondents who prefer a Western - style democracy are more likely to believe the government should allow this .
Among all Russian respondents surveyed , Gallup finds that they are spilt as to whether foreign companies will help or hurt the country 's economy .
A majority , however , believe the government should prohibit foreign compaines from purchasing Russian ones .
Associations Between Western Democracy and Satisfaction With Democratic Governance
Gallup also surveyed Russians on democracy in their country .
Gallup first asked Russians if they believe democracy is important for their development of their country .
A majority of 60 % said so .
However , not surprisingly , this 60 % was disproportionately made up of those who reporting that they preferred a Western - style democracy ( 79 % ) rather than the old Soviet system ( 43 % ) .
For those respondents who said democracy was important in the first question , Gallup then asked how satisfied they are with the way democracy works in Russia .
Respondents are split , with many saying they are neither satisfied nor dissatisfied with they way it works .
Russians who prefer a Soviet system are more likely to be very or somewhat dissatisfied with how democracy works , and those who prefer a Western - style democracy are more likely to be very or somewhat satisfied .
Lastly , Russians were asked about the importance of active political opposition in their country , and the majority feel it is somwhat or very important .
Those who say a Western - style democracy is most suitable are more likely than those who say a Soviet style system is suitable to believe it is very important that the country have active political opposition .
Demographic Differences in Attitudes Toward Democracy
In terms of age , Russians between the ages of 15 and 39 ( 46 % of respondents ) are more likely than their older counterparts to favor a Western - style democracy over the Soviet political system .
Russians with up to eight years of basic education or less ( 19 % of respondents ) are more likely to prefer a Soviet political system .
Those with at least four years of education beyond high school ( 17 % of respondents ) are more likely to say a Western - democracy is most suitable .
Finally , Russians in the poorest income quintile are more likely to prefer the Soviet system than a Western - style democracy , while those in the highest income quintile are more likely to favor a Western - style democracy rather than the old Soviet system .
These findings are significant in light of a recent report by the Institute of Modern Development , a think tank led by President Dmitry Medvedev , which claimed the most vehement opposition to Russian democratization has come from the socioeconomic elite , and that the lower classes are the most open to liberal reforms .
Gallup data show the opposite to be true .
Association Between Western - Style Democracy and Western Nations
The United States has long considered itself a beacon of democracy , and during the Cold War , the American system of government was diametrically opposed to the Soviet governance model .
Interestingly , however , Russians who prefer a Western - style democracy and those who prefer the old Soviet system do not differ significantly in their likelihood of approving the job performance of U.S. leadership .
Respondents who prefer a Western - style democracy are much more likely to approve of the leadership of Western nations , such as France and Germany ( democratic republics ) , the United Kingdom ( a constitutional monarchy ) , and Canada ( a federation , parliamentary democracy , and constitutional monarchy all rolled into one ) than are respondents who prefer the old Soviet system .
Gallup also found an association between Western - style democracy and Russian leadership .
( Russian government has termed its particular brand of governance " sovereign democracy , " but Freedom House classifies the country as an undemocratic nation " not free . " )
Russian respondents who favor a Western - style democracy are more likely to approve of Russia 's leadership than those who favor a Soviet system ( the respective approval percentages were 73 % and 54 % ) .
Bottom Line
Low approval of U.S. leadership in Russia -- which stood at 14 % when Gallup last polled there in May 2008 -- has hindered statistical comparison between preferences toward the most suitable political system and attitudes toward U.S. leadership .
But evidence that Russians do associate the values of free market economies and democratic governance with Western - style democracy means there is hope for Western leaders who believe their countries can serve as models for democratic reform within Russia .
Survey Methods
Results are based on face - to - face interviews with at least 1,203 adults in Russia , aged 15 and older , conducted in May 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
[ In this Gamasutra technical article , originally published in sister publication Game Developer magazine , programming veteran Brown shows how the Nintendo DS can be used for surprisingly complex character - based physics calculations using Verlet intergration . ]
While the Nintendo DS enables some of the most creative and unique gameplay currently available , it does n't exactly have a reputation as a computational powerhouse .
Developing a game for such a platform represents a unique challenge -- having a restricted budget of resources is not new to game programmers , but trying to innovate on a tight platform that you hope can coexist with the gaming experiences provided by the ( comparatively ) unlimited resources of the next - gen consoles requires a bit of bravery .
It is very true that , for average gamers , creativity rather than technological mastery forms the basis of quality for a game on the Nintendo DS .
However , it is a very satisfying experience to successfully push the boundaries , not only of the technology , but also of the expectations of performance on a limited device .
For me , it was my own restricted expectation of performance , rather than the lack of computational power , that presented the largest barrier to implementing ragdoll physics on the Nintendo DS .
The little brother of gaming actually held its own very well .
The main idea that I used for the ragdoll was the common Verlet integration technique .
Prerequisites
Ragdoll is a procedural animation technique that represents the interplay of physics and animation .
On the physics side , you will need to have decent collision detection .
Collision does not need to be too complex .
My collision consisted of static sphere vs. sphere intersection tests for collision with objects , and a dynamic swept sphere vs. triangle test for collision with the world .
The triangles that composed the collision mesh of the world were organized by spatial partitioning with a K - D tree .
I did not concern myself with self - intersection of the ragdoll , and it turns out that I did n't need to .
In terms of the animation system , you will need to be able to use the information you get from updating the physics on the ragdoll to specify the position and orientation of different joints on the body .
If you are using a proprietary animation system , you will need to determine the best place to insert this information .
Generally , the transformations of the joints are represented in local space - meaning the transformation is relative to the parent joint - until all key frame and animation blending calculations have been made .
Before skinning an animation , the transformation of the joints must be converted to animation space - relative to some character origin- or to world space .
Generally the code block where this conversion takes place is the best spot to inject the ragdoll information .
If you do n't have an animation system , or you feel like modifying your proprietary one will be too hard , you can use the animation system that comes with the Nitro SDK .
This animation system has an appropriate callback that allows you to specify the position and orientation of a joint in animation space .
When the state of a particle is represented by a position and a velocity , the next position and velocity can be determined given a particular acceleration .
The deviation in the trajectory has been exaggerated in order to show how integration introduces error .
Verlet Integration
The basics of a Verlet particle system are documented very well in Thomas Jakobsen 's paper " Advanced Character Physics " ( which you can find at www.teknikus.dk/tj/gdc2001.htm).
The Verlet particle system is ideal for representing a ragdoll skeleton because constraints can be infinitely rigid without causing the system to diverge , thus the distance between joints can more rigidly be maintained .
For this reason , you may find that a Verlet particle system is a nice thing to have around , even if you are not planning on doing any ragdoll physics .
The main idea behind the Verlet integration approach to ragdoll is that the positions of the joints are determined by point particles .
The " bones " of the skeletons , represented by length constraints that enforce two neighboring particles , are an exact distance apart .
Extra length constraints can be added as necessary to prevent unnatural poses , as well as self intersection of the ragdoll .
Updating the positions of the particles is relatively inexpensive , and calculating a length constraint is the equivalent of resolving a sphere collision , so the overall cost of updating the particle system is pretty low .
Once you 've updated the positions of all of the particles , and then applied the constraints to ensure the appropriate distance relationships between them , it is time to do some collision .
I decided to allow the particles to collide with the world as independent spheres , rather than trying to construct a closed collision volume that encompassed a ragdoll limb .
This decision was based on two factors .
The first was the cheapness factor - sphere collision is much cheaper than some kind of ellipsoid or oriented bounding box collision .
The second was that I succeeded in convincing the artists and designers who were creating the collision worlds to " play nice " with the ragdol -- meaning that they should try to make the static collision geometry as smooth as possible , with no really sharp kinks or protrusions that the ragdoll might get hung up on .
However , I still ran into pretty big problems using this approach .
If you are using spheres to represent the collision volumes of joints , then the spheres generally need to be pretty small .
After all , they are representing things like a hand , shoulder , or hip .
Using such small spheres , I immediately began to notice that all of my collision routines would generally fail , due to the numerical imprecision introduced by fixed - point arithmetic .
I 'll cover some of the things that I learned in order to overcome these precision - related issues .
Amazon.com Inc. is announcing a new version of its Kindle e-book reader on Monday .
And , in a sign that the electronic book is gaining clout in the publishing world , Amazon is also expected to say it has acquired a new work by best - selling novelist Stephen King that will be available exclusively , at least for a time , on Kindle .
Many publishers have long feared that Amazon would persuade a major author to write for its Kindle on an exclusive basis .
Although retailers such as Barnes & Noble Inc. have long published their own ...
Bill Gates , Microsoft founder and co-chairman of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , attends a session at the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) in Davos January 30 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Even billionaire Bill Gates may be feeling the pinch these days .
The value of Gates ’ investments fell by $ 3 billion ( 2.1 billion pounds ) , or almost 20 percent , in the fourth quarter as the worst financial crisis in decades and a deepening recession hammered stock prices .
The investments of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation fell 19 percent to $ 9.07 billion , while those of Cascade Investment , Gates ’ investment firm , fell 18 percent to $ 4.02 billion , according to regulatory filings on Tuesday .
The foundation increased its stake in McDonald 's MCD.N , the world 's largest hamburger chain , to 6.4 million shares as of December 31 from 4.9 million shares as of September 30 , according to the filings .
The foundation increased its stake in Coca Cola KO.N to 5.7 million shares from 2.7 million shares , and in auto dealership group Autonation Inc AN.N to 10.2 million shares from 7.7 million shares .
It shed stakes in troubled financial companies American International Group AIG.N and Washington Mutual .
The foundation took a one - million - share stake in Coca Cola Enterprises CCE.N , the largest Coca - Cola bottler , and cut its stake in Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway BRKa.NBRKb.N .
Cascade took a 7.95 million - share stake in Eastman Kodak EK.N and a 3 million - share stake in shoe maker Crocs CROX.O .
When 5 - year - old May Pierstorff asked to visit her grandmother , her parents had no money to buy a rail ticket .
So they mailed her .
On Feb. 19 , 1914 , May ’s parents presented her at the post office in Grangeville , Idaho , and proposed mailing her parcel post to Lewiston , some 75 miles away .
The postmaster found that the “ package ” was just under the 50 - pound weight limit , so he winked at their plan , classed May as a baby chick , and attached 53 cents in stamps to her coat .
May passed the entire trip in the train ’s mail compartment–and was duly delivered to her grandparents in Lewiston by mail clerk Leonard Mochel .
The trailer for First Independent Pictures ' Gigantic .
Brian Weathersby ( Paul Dano ) is a 28 year - old salesman at a high - end Swedish mattress company .
The afterthought child to elderly parents ( Ed Asner , Jane Alexander ) , and the youngest son in a trio of successful brothers , a shady oil man ( Ian Roberts ) , a surgeon ( Robert Stanton ) , Brian is searching for his place in the world .
Unfulfilled by his work he spends a good portion of his day pursuing his goal of someday adopting a baby from China .
He gets swept up in a romance with the lovely but misguided Harriet Lolly ( Zooey Deschanel ) when she comes in to his store one day and falls asleep on one of the beds .
To win her over , he must compete with her bear of a father , Al Lolly , ( John Goodman ) an art - collecting loudmouth with a bad back and deep pockets .
Gigantic is a funny , surreal love story about the anxiety that comes when two people with crazy families collide unexpectedly and fall for each other .
Duration
2 min 20 sec
Views
203,342
Posted On
February 12 , 2009 Director
Matt Aselton
Writer
Matt Aselton
Studio
First Independent Pictures
Release
April 3 , 2009 Cast
Paul Dano
Zooey Deschanel
John Goodman
Ed Asner
Robert Stanton Trailer Tracks
No Music Available First Independent Pictures
Comedy
Romance
Paul Dano
Zooey Deschanel
John Goodman
Jane Alexander
After rebuilding the Gardens are now open to enjoy !
The original and unique artworks of sculptor and painter Bruno Torfs continues to bring joy and inspiration to visitors from all over the world .
Nestled amongst the luscious rainforest setting lives a collection of unforgettable characters lovingly hand crafted by Bruno from clay and fired onsite in his kiln .
Bruno has created a world rich with fantasy and insightful beauty derived from his imagination and inspired by his intrepid journeys to some the world most intriguing and remote regions .
See video
Unfortunately on the 7th of February 2009 a bushfire raged through the township , decimating everything in its path without mercy and claimed the lives of our friends and neighbours indiscriminately .
Bruno was extremely lucky to survive and the rest of the family are safe and well .
Bruno 's home and art gallery were unfortunately completely destroyed in the blaze .
Bruno chose to stay in Marysville to rebuild his home and restore the gardens .
Bruno ’s passion to share his love of art and the story of life with the world has not been damaged by the fires , in fact you would almost say it has been forged anew by the flames that nearly took it all away .
Whether you are new to Bruno ’s works or a friend from way back , rest assured that this is far from the end of anything , it is just the beginning of something even more special .
Visit us again soon or better still pop in to see us in Marysville .
How to find us .
EXCITING NEWS IS THAT OUR GALLERY & SCULPTURE GARDEN HAS BEEN SELECTED " EXPERIENCE OZ " AS BEING PART OF THE VICTORIAN BUCKET LIST - 100 THINGS TO DO BEFORE YOU DIE .
BYAS BEING PART OF THE
Want to Subscribe to our Newsletter ?
Name : Email :
During the “ magical date ” Josh , carved a giant penis out of a block of ice with a chainsaw .
The townsfolk of Punxsutawney thought it was very romantic .
Later they went to Gobbler ’s Knob .
It seemed appropriate .
“ Groundhog Day ” is in my top 5 favorite comedies of all time .
If you have n’t seen it and you enjoy things that are both hilarious and wonderful , give it a watch .
If you ’ve seen it and do n’t approve , I ’m going to punch you in the face then buy insurance from you .
“ Ned !? Ned Ryerson ! ? ”
I told Josh the basic idea for this comic and he was eager to help me flesh it out .
I also offered him the chance to pick his bed partner .
He chose one of our very own Fancy Bastards , Sultmhoor ( knitter of the “ Fancy Gauntlets “ ) , to get his heart broken by Comic - Josh .
He also tried to convince me to draw a panel for every aspect of the “ magical date ” including the ice - cock .
I wanted so badly to obige , but then the comic would n’t have seen the light of day until tomorrow .
Speaking of “ light ” and “ seeing things ” that furry fucker Punxsutawney Phil has yet again cast his runes and chicken entrails and murmured his ancient groundhog hexes to divine for our weather wizards what the next six weeks ’ climate will be .
Rodent - based witchcraft is far more accurate than DOPLAR radar .
By Heather Sharp
BBC News , Nazareth
Dokhol Safadi says many Jewish customers were afraid to visit
It seems everyone on the chaotic , slightly scruffy streets of the Israeli - Arab town of Nazareth is still seething about Israel 's operation in Gaza .
" Nobody agreed to this massacre , " says gently - spoken restauranteur Dokhol Safadi , 41 , who swears by a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict and condemns rocket fire against southern Israel .
Until 27 December , Jewish customers came from " all over Israel " to sample his chefs ' renowned Arab cuisine .
But most of them stopped visiting as the fighting in Gaza put relations between the Arab fifth of Israel 's population and the Jewish majority under severe strain .
And now projected gains for the far - right party Yisrael Beiteinu ahead of 10 February elections are ratcheting up tensions further .
It 's not sympathy for Hamas , it 's about who 's being killed - if you say someone 's killing , but you 're also killing - then who 's the killer ?
Ahab Issa
Snack bar manager
The party , popular with immigrants from former - Soviet countries , calls for the transfer of Israeli - Arab areas to the control of the Palestinian Authority , and a citizenship law demanding all citizens pledge allegiance to Israel as a Jewish state .
The party 's leader , Avigdor Lieberman was a key player in a vitriolic war of words with Israeli - Arab politicians who protested against the Israeli operation in Gaza .
Israeli - Arab Knesset member Ahmad Tibi accused the government of genocide and said every vote for outgoing PM Ehud Olmert 's Kadima party was " a bullet in the chest of a Palestinian child " , according to Israeli media reports .
In return , Mr Lieberman called him a terrorist and said some Arab MKs should be dealt with as Israel dealt with Hamas .
The right - wing leader also pushed for a ban on the participation of two Israeli - Arab parties in the polls - which was later overturned by the Supreme Court .
' Criminal ' Israeli Arabs are people of Palestinian origin whose families remained in what is now Israel after the state was created in 1948 .
They have the full rights of Israeli citizens , although discrimination has been widely documented .
Analysts expect them to express their anger at the ballot box in two ways .
Some , like Elham Abu Ahmad , 40 , will abandon Israeli parties .
Tucking into sticky orange sweets at a cafe in Nazareth 's main streets , she says she is angry with herself for backing Labour leader and Defence Minister Ehud Barak last time .
" He is a criminal .
I wish he would die , " she says of the man who played a major role in the launch of the Gaza operation , adding that she plans to vote for an Israeli - Arab party instead .
Israeli - Arabs protested in Nazareth against the operation in Gaza Others will boycott the vote altogether , like Ahab Ody , 21 , who works in construction .
" Nobody deserves a vote .
Nothing improved and the war affected me .
I feel like it does n't change anything if I vote . "
Israeli - Arab participation in elections , about 70 % during the 1990s , plummeted to 18 % in 2001 in protest at Israel 's response to the Palestinian uprising that began in 2000 .
Turn - out has not fully recovered - in 2003 it was 62 % , falling to 56 % in 2006 .
Analysts blame frustration with both the divisions between the Israeli - Arab parties and the lack of influence they have in the Israeli Knesset , where Israeli - Arab parties are rarely involved in the power play of the coalition - based political system .
The other factor this time is Mr Lieberman , whose party may even beat Labour into third place on the back of a general swing to the right among Israeli voters enthusiastic about the Gaza operation .
Anat Tolnai , 40 and Ihsan Ka'biya , 35 , a Jewish - Arab couple , see his popularity as linked to what Israeli - Arab organisations say is a growth in racist attitudes .
" ' Kill the Arabs ' used to be a phrase used only on the extreme right - now people say it much more , " says Ms Tolnai .
The couple are planning to vote for the mainly Arab party Hadash , after the left - wing Israeli party Meretz that they usually support backed the Gaza operation .
Mr Ka'biya said he had planned not to vote , but Ms Tolnai " convinced me that if we do n't vote , we are supporting Lieberman " .
Loyalty call A short drive away , amid the neatly landscaped verges of Nazareth - Illit - a mainly Jewish nearby town , Yisraeli Beiteinu 's local office is in a small , dim room above a row of shops with signs in Russian .
Alex Gadalkin , leading the local campaign , sits below a poster declaring " no loyalty , no citizenship " .
" We do n't hate the Arabs , " he says , repeatedly , when asked about the party 's controversial policies .
' No loyalty , no citizenship ' is one of Yisrael Beiteinu 's slogans " We want them to serve the country like the country serves them , " he says , " they get a lot of things , we just want them to give something " .
But the question of Israeli - Arab opposition to the war remains thorny .
" To say the war is wrong is freedom of speech , but to oppose the army , or the citizens of the south who suffer from rocket attacks , that 's not OK , " he says .
" To raise the Palestinian flag or sing the songs of Hamas , is not OK , " chips in another party activist .
" They want us to be silent or to agree with them , " says Israeli - Arab MK Ahmad Tibi .
He says he is opposed to rocket attacks targeting Israeli civilians , but " no one can accept the formula that the reaction to a panic attack in Sderot should be a river of blood in Gaza " .
Delicate line
There has long been fear among Israelis that the Israeli - Arab population in their midst is a fifth column , ready to support Palestinian attacks on Israel .
But Israeli Arabs tread a delicate line , fearful of losing the rights and economic opportunities they enjoy as Israeli citizens .
Pressed repeatedly on whether he supports any kind of attack on the Israeli military , Mr Tibi says : " I prefer the negotiating table - but if Israelis are killing Palestinians , then Palestinians are saying ' we are defending ourselves ' . "
And on the streets of Nazareth , few will give a straight answer on whether they have sympathy with Hamas .
" It 's not sympathy for Hamas , it 's about who 's being killed - if you say someone 's killing , but you 're also killing - then who 's the killer ?
Nobody 's better than the other , " says snack bar manager Ahab Issa , 28 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
from The Huffington Post ...
Obama : Reopen the 9/11 Investigation -- Part 1
by Melissa Rossi
February 10 , 2009
Patrick Leahy has a point when he urges President Obama to open investigations about the Bush administration .
However , he 's not pointing at the issue that we need to start with .
Namely , September 11th .
What really happened ?
More than a few people know - and I am not alone in calling for those who know to start talking and fess up .
Let 's not let this go the way of the JFK assassination - and whether with subpoenas or on their own volition , I demand that Dick Cheney , George W. Bush - both of whom refused to testify under oath during the 9/11 Commission proceedings -- Colin Powell , Condoleezza Rice , Karl Rove , Paul Wolfowitz , Richard Armitage , Larry Wilkerson , George Tenet , Robert Mueller and the rest - as well as Bill Clinton and Al Gore ( both of whom also refused to testify under oath ) -- start talking , and in a public arena .
And I 'm calling on the Obama administration to open up a probe and unravel the web of deceit .
Before we tuck the Bush administration into bed and hiss , " Nighty Night , you lying scoundrels , " before we go on to lock the door on that heinous era of American history , we do indeed need to probe what happened under their watch .
But the event that most concerns me is what happened on Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 .
Oh yeah , that 's history , old news , the 9/11 Commission figured it all out , right ?
Except that members of the 9/11 Commission say it was " set up to fail " and that the investigation was severely hampered .
So do assorted former members of the CIA , who demand a fresh look at the events of that day .
So , President Obama - leader of a new era in the United State - serve your people : pull out that can opener and pry open that can of worms .
In following posts , I will outline some of the most mysterious coincidences and events that deserve re-examination - and there are many , including how strange things happen whenever Dick Cheney 's around and the missile defense program is slated to be cut as I note here and here .
But let 's start with the premise that all was not told , and we deserve to know the truth about this catastrophic event that so changed the world -- and boosted the military budget to new highs .
While the Obama administration is fresh - and even though we 're all grappling with this economy - I urge Americans to demand that this be a top priority , and not to let Obama shrug off this " mystery " that was cloaked by his predecessor .
To be continued ....
Obama : Reopen the 9/11 Investigation -- Part 2
by Melissa Rossi
February 11 , 2009
So many dastardly acts were committed during the Bush administration ( many of them by the Bush administration ) that it 's hard to nail down the worst .
Senator Patrick Leahy recently suggested formation of a " Truth Commission " to investigate the interrogation , torture , and shredding of civil liberties that occurred as part of the Bush administration 's " War on Terror " and as Sam Stein reported here directly approached Obama about opening investigations .
I humbly suggest that the Obama administration should start by investigating the event that set the dominoes tumbling and would so shake the world that it would lead to a panicked Congress giving the previous administration a blank check for military funding ( which now chomps more tax dollars than anything else in the government budget including Social Security ) and a steadfast nod to questionable military adventures that sucked us into a black hole ( Iraq and Afghanistan ) , while Congress effectively shut its eyes to the erosion of Americans ' rights , the boosting of power of the executive office , the gagging of the press , and a nonstop disinformation campaign to hoodwink the American people - as well as the Bush administration 's approval of extreme treatment of suspects and prisoners that might constitute war crimes .
I 'm still troubled by September 11 , 2001 .
Not merely the terrifying events of the attacks that day , but the fact that it still has n't been fully explained .
It could be and it should be .
The Bush administration never came clean with " what really happened " - but the Obama administration needs to set history straight on what unfolded that day , and detail the role played by the Bush administration in it .
As more new information has emerged contradicting the official 9/11 Commission report or appearing to fill holes in it - reports about finding the black boxes of the hijacked airplanes , inconsistencies about Flight 93 ( did it explode from a bomb onboard , was it shot down , or did it indeed crash as a result of the passenger rebellion ? ) , contradictory reports about the identities of the hijackers and other reports that point to a number of Cheney - commissioned war games ongoing that day that the Bush administration never fully brought to light - and as the weakness of the 9/11 commission itself has come into the public arena -- the Obama administration owes it to the American people to reopen that can of vipers and in this sifting through the events try to figure out what really happened to debunk the fallacies - be they conspiracy theories that do n't hold water or the suffocating blanket of disinformation continually dropped on Americans by the Bush administration .
Only with a new investigation into 9/11 can the needed light be shed on this dark moment .
This time we need a commission :
• that is properly funded ( the previous commission started with a piddly $ 3 million budget compared to $ 50 million to investigate the Space Shuttle disaster ) ,
• duly empowered ( the previous commission , noted its co-chair Lee Hamilton " had a lot of trouble getting access to documents and to people " and was hesitant to use its subpoena power ) ,
• given unfettered access to needed information and parties ( Bush , Cheney , Bill Clinton and Gore refused to testify under oath ) ,
• with members that owe and want no favors to or from the parties involved ( executive director of the 9/11 commission Philip Zelikow had been vying for a job with the Bush administration when he served on their transition team in 2000 - 2001 and post - investigation was appointed to the weighty federal post of counselor of the State Department in 2005 ) .
• Willing to " name names " and point fingers
• Conduct its hearings in the light of day - not behind closed doors - and make interviews part of the public record .
To aid future historians and to help the American people understand what truly unfolded over the past eight years , to set the record straight and answer the many unanswered questions , we need to petition Obama to spend but a few million dollars to dig further into the details of 9/11 .
And as part of that investigation , the investigation needs to look long and hard at how the Bush administration 's ( particularly Dick Cheney 's ) preoccupation with missile defense , which it was making the number 1 focus of its lobbying efforts , directly influenced the tragedy that unfolded on that tragic Tuesday in September 2001 .
Melissa Rossi is the author of What Every American Should Know about the Middle East and What Every American Should Know about Who 's Really Running the World , among other books in her series with Plume / Penguin Books .
Do n't Forget That Spot , the Misses Will Be Mad
Let your imagination run free and you might just find yourself seeing the world through the eyes of miniature people .
This Flickr set by Vincent Bousserez shows us what little people do to make a living and how they spend their precious time off .
It 's a world that seems as ordinary as our very own but look a little closer and you may just see something you might have once missed .
( I hope you enjoy the titles I added to each picture . )
HARD AT WORK
Watch Washer
They Leave Such a Mess
We Have a Lot to Do , Boys
Mowing the Prickly Lawn
A Painter 's Job is Never Done
Fixing Her Purse
Shiny Glasses
Guarding the Precious Jewels
AT PLAY
A Trip to the Mountains
Taking a Swim
Stranded on the Beach
A Much Needed Vacation
Ice Skating
The Resident Dealer
Other Strange Art :
Kris Kuksi Makes Demons in Our Mind Come Alive ( 14 Pics )
Mysterious Little People Hard at Work and at Play , Part II ( 20 Total )
The Secret Lives of Cats ( 4 Pics )
The Pretty Pot is Actually Full of Secrets
Stunning Models of San Francisco Made of Jell -
O
Back to the MET Homepage
Registration is FREE !
Join Now !
LONDON , Jan. 17 ( UPI ) --
Using chopsticks helps you eat less and lose weight , says Kimiko Barber , author of " The Chopsticks Diet . "
The human brain takes 20 minutes to register what the stomach contains , so using chopsticks slows a person 's consumption , leaving them feeling satisfied while eating less , Barber said .
Advertisement
Chopsticks users also take smaller bites , which means food tends to be chewed more , making it easier to digest , she told The Daily Telegraph in a story published Saturday .
In Britain alone , an estimated 10 million people -- 24 percent of the population -- are clinically obese , The Telegraph reported , noting a third of the country is expected to qualify as obese by 2012 if eating habits remain the same .
Doctors say obesity contributes to heart disease , Type 2 diabetes and many cancers .
JERUSALEM  Israel ’s security cabinet voted Wednesday to make the opening of Israel ’s border crossings with Gaza , a central Hamas demand for any long - term cease - fire arrangement , conditional on the release of an Israeli soldier held by Hamas .
The cabinet decision , widely seen as a hardening of the Israeli stance , seemed to dim the prospects for a quick conclusion to the Egyptian - brokered talks for a consolidated truce .
But the unanimous vote merely formalized the position that was being articulated with increasing clarity in recent days by the Israeli prime minister , Ehud Olmert , and seemed more focused on expediting a prisoner exchange deal with Hamas for the soldier ’s return .
Hamas , the militant Islamic group that controls Gaza , is demanding the release of as many as 1,400 Palestinian security prisoners in Israeli jails in return for the captive soldier , Cpl. Gilad Shalit .
He was seized in a cross - border raid and taken into Gaza by Hamas and other militant groups in June 2006 .
The unusual thing about netbooks is that unlike almost any other piece of technology created , those involved in their manufacture and marketing try their best to downplay their abilities .
The reason is vested interest : if folks start using their netbooks as gaming or media machines , it could significantly hurt sales of full fat laptops .
It 's quite astounding how many games will run on the current generation of 1.6GHz
Atom netbooks , though .
You do n't need a supercharged PC to make games look good on their low res screens .
Getting games to run on a Windows netbook with a USB CD drive is a cinch - simply install it like you would on any other machine .
Getting them to run off the hard drive while you 're on the move is slightly trickier : we would n't recommend Googling for an unofficial no -CD patch as these can contain spyware , and artificially mounting a CD 's contents using something like Alcohol will interfere with copy protection and cost valuable system resources .
The point is , though , that there 's a huge catalogue of titles old and new that run perfectly well on netbook hardware .
Owning one is a great excuse to revisit games from years ago that you loved or classics that you never got round to playing .
Here 's a list of twelve of the best - from hundreds of potentials - that you should try out .
1. World of Warcaft
£ 19.99 - www.worldofwarcraft.com
Yep , believe it or not WoW runs on a netbook , although you should avoid CPU heavy areas like Ironforge .
Still , great for hardcore addicts who want to log on to check their auctions from the train .
2. Half - Life
£ 5.99 - store.steampowered.com
The Source engine behind Half - Life 2 - based games is about as complex as a netbook can handle .
You can play HL2 , but it 's a choppy experience you wo n't want to repeat .
Try classic Half - Life instead - both are easily installed through Steam .
3. Strong Bad's Cool Game for Popular People
$ 34 - www.telltalegames.com/strongbad
Contrary to popular belief , good point - and - click adventure games are still being made , and they 're lightweight enough to run on an Eee .
If you enjoy this , you should try the latest Sam & Max games too .
4. Robokill
£ from free - www.rocksolidarcade.com
There are literally thousands of free Flash games out there , and some of them are nuggets of pure arcade game gold .
The business model is similar to shareware - play a large chunk of the game for nowt , and if you like it , pay to unlock the rest .
5. Anything on SCUMM
£various - wiki.scummvm.org
Many groundbreaking canonical Lucasarts games from the early 90s , like The Secret of Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle can be played without the disc thanks to an app called SCUMMVM .
6. Medieval : Total War
£ 5 - www.totalwar.com
Unbelievable , huh ?
The stunning 3D battles of Medieval run incredibly smoothly on a netbook , bringing some of the best strategy ever to the small screen .
Curiously , it is the seemingly simpler campaign map that refuses to run at all .
Still , half of an old Total War is still a better game than most new full releases .
7. QuakeLive
£ free - www.quakelive.com
If you 've never heard of id Software 's Quake series , you probably do n't play many games .
The definitive first - person shooter now runs from a web browser , and the beta even works on netbooks .
8. Baldur 's Gate 1&2
£ 10 - www.bioware.com/bgate
RPGs are n't as big as they used to be .
There 's hundreds of hours of playtime in the Baldur 's Gate games , which are available as a single pack for just a tenner .
Other RPGs on the same engine also run well , like Planescape : Torment and Fallout 1&2 .
9. Grim Fandago
£ 5 - www.lucasarts.com
Finishing off the adventure games in this list is Grim Fandango - possibly the funniest and most infuriatingly difficult game of all time .
Brilliantly written , everyone should play it at least once .
10 . Sins of a Solar Empire
£ 20 - www.sinsofasolarempire.com
One of last year 's best games really does n't need an ultra-modern PC to run .
SOSE is an independently developed space strategy - the vast 3D environments look brilliant on a netbook , but ironically some of the menus are too big for the screen .
11 . Peggle
£ from free - www.popcap.com
Kings of the casual games world , Popcap has loads of brilliant puzzle games like Bookworm Adventures which run from within a browser .
Peggle remains one of its best , though .
12 . World of Goo
£ 17 - 2dboy.com
There 's a bias towards puzzle games because they suit the fun simplicity of netbooks best , and last year 's multi- award winning World of Goo is a sticky physics challenge which will run without even needing a disc , if you install from Steam .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Now read Supercharge your netbook
Sign up for the free weekly TechRadar newsletter
Get tech news delivered straight to your inbox .
Register for the free TechRadar newsletter and stay on top of the week 's biggest stories and product releases .
Sign up at http://www.techradar.com/register
Follow TechRadar on Twitter
In the study of logical reasoning , arguments can be separated into two categories : deductive and inductive .
Deductive reasoning is sometimes described as a " top - down " form of logic , while inductive reasoning is considered " bottom - up . "
What is a Deductive Argument ?
A deductive argument is one in which true premises guarantee a true conclusion .
In other words , it is impossible for the premises to be true but the conclusion false .
Thus , the conclusion follows necessarily from the premises and inferences .
In this way , a true premise is supposed to lead to a definitive proof truth for the claim ( conclusion ) .
Here is a classic example :
Socrates was a man ( premise )
All men are mortal ( premise ) .
Socrates was mortal ( conclusion )
The essence of the argument , mathematically , is : If A = B , and B= C , then A = C .
As you can see , if the premises are true ( and they are ) , then it simply is n't possible for the conclusion to be false .
If you have a correctly formulated deductive argument and you accept the truth of the premises , then you must also accept the truth of the conclusion ; if you reject it , then you are rejecting logic itself .
There are those that argue , with some irony , that politicians are sometimes guilty of such fallacies — rejecting deductive conclusions against all logic .
What is an Inductive Argument ?
An inductive argument , sometimes considered bottom - up logic , is one in which premises offer strong support for a conclusion , but one that is not a certainty .
This is an argument in which the premises are supposed to support the conclusion in such a way that if the premises are true , it is improbable that the conclusion would be false .
Thus , the conclusion follows probably from the premises and inferences .
Here is an example :
Socrates was Greek ( premise ) .
Most Greeks eat fish ( premise ) .
Socrates ate fish ( conclusion ) .
In this example , even if both premises are true , it is still possible for the conclusion to be false ( maybe Socrates was allergic to fish , for example ) .
Words which tend to mark an argument as inductive — and hence probabilistic rather than necessary — include words like probably , likely , possibly and reasonably .
Deductive Arguments vs. Inductive Arguments
It may seem that inductive arguments are weaker than deductive arguments because in a deductive argument there must always remain the possibility of premises arriving at false conclusions , but that is true only to a certain point .
With deductive arguments , our conclusions are already contained , even if implicitly , in our premises .
This means that a deductive argument offers no opportunity to arrive at new information or new ideas — at best , we are shown information which was obscured or unrecognized previously .
Thus , the sure truth - preserving nature of deductive arguments comes at the expense of creative thinking .
Inductive arguments , on the other hand , do provide us with new ideas and possibilities , and thus may expand our knowledge about the world in a way that is impossible for deductive arguments to achieve .
Thus , while deductive arguments may be used most often with mathematics , most other fields of research make extensive use of inductive arguments due to their more open - ended structure .
Scientific experiment and most creative endeavors , after all , begin with a " maybe , " " probably " or " what if ? " mode of thinking , and this is the world of inductive reasoning .
Produced by the emergence of heated groundwater from the earth ’s crust , they are located all over the earth , on every continent and even under the oceans and seas .
Many were created between 20 and 45 million years ago as a result of violent volcanic activity , and can reach up to 350 °C ( 662 °F ) .
Meet some of the most fascinating Hot Spring on planet earth .
1 The Grand Prismatic Spring : America ’s largest
America ’s largest hot spring and third largest in the world , the Grand Prismatic Spring in Yellowstone National Park is about 250 by 300 feet ( 75 by 91 meters ) in size and 160 feet ( 49 meters ) deep , discharging an estimated 560 gallons ( 2000 liters ) of 160 °F ( 71 °C ) water / minute .
The vivid colors in the spring ranging from green to brilliant red and orange are the result of algae and pigmented bacteria in the microbial mats that grow around the edges of the mineral - rich water , the amount of color dependant on the ratio of chlorophyll to carotenoids produced by the organisms .
The center of the pool is sterile due to extreme heat .
2 Mammoth Hot Springs : largest carbonate - depositing spring in the world
Also at Yellowstone , the Mammoth Hot Springs is the largest known carbonate - depositing spring in the world .
The most famous feature at the springs is the Minerva Terrace — a series of travertine terraces which have been created over thousands of years as hot water from the spring cooled and deposited calcium carbonate .
Over 2 tons flows into Mammoth each day in a solution .
3 Blood Pond Hot Spring : welcome to hell
Blood Pond Hot Spring is one of the “ hells ” ( jigoku ) of Beppu , Japan , nine spectacular natural hot springs that are more for viewing rather than bathing .
The “ blood pond hell ” features a pond of hot , red water , colored as such by iron in the waters .
It ’s allegedly the most photogenic of the nine hells .
4 Blue Lagoon : Iceland ’s geothermal spa
The Blue Lagoon geothermal spa is one of the largest attractions in Iceland .
The steamy waters are part of a lava formation , and a large swimming pool is heated with the run-off water from a nearby geothermal power plant .
Superheated water is vented from the ground near a lava flow and used to run turbines that generate electricity .
After passing through the turbines the steam and hot water passes through a heat exchanger to provide heat for a municipal hot water heating system .
The water is then fed into the lagoon for users to bathe in .
The warm waters are rich in minerals such as silica and sulfur .
Bathing in the Blue Lagoon for therapeutic purposes is reputed to help some people suffering from skin diseases such as psoriasis .
The water temperature in the bathing and swimming area of the lagoon averages 40 °C ( 104 °F ) .
The spa is located in a lava field in Grindavík on the Reykjanes Peninsula , southwestern Iceland .
It ’s situated about 24 miles ( 39 kilometers ) from the capital city of Reykjavík .
5 Glenwood Springs : world ’s largest natural hot springs swimming pool
Glenwood Springs in Colorado , USA , has the world ’s largest natural hot springs swimming pool with a flow rate of 143 liters / second .
You can soak in the therapy pool full of salty minerals at 104 °F ( 40 °C ) , or swim in the huge 98 °F ( 36 °C ) swimming pool .
6 Jigokudani Hot Springs : home to the japanese Snow Monkeys
The Jigokudani Hot Springs in Nagano Prefecture , Japan is most famous for its so called “ snow monkeys ” — wild Japanese monkeys enjoying the naturally hot waters alongside the human visitors .
More than one hundred Macaques – Japan ’s indigenous monkeys– live in the Jigokudani Monkey Park , located in a valley called the “ Hell Valley ” for the volcanic activities observed there .
7 Deildartunguhver : highest flow hot spring in Europe
This hotspring in Reykholtsdalur , Iceland , is characterized by a very high flow rate for a hot spring ( 180 liters / second ) and water emerges at 97 °C , the highest flow hot spring in Europe .
Some of the water is used for heating , being piped 34 kilometers to Borgarnes and 64 kilometers to Akranes .
Oops I Did It Again :
The Original
“ Oops ! I Did It Again ” was recorded in April , 1932 in a Chicago studio , most likely Nearlie ’s or West and Forth .
Cut for the Decca label by Louis Armstrong and elements of Zilner Randolph ’s touring group , “ Oops ! ” failed to make the chart impact of “ All of Me , ” another side recorded in the same session , and soon fell out of print .
The song remained all - but - forgotten until sixty years later when a young Britney Spears sent her interpretation of the Armstrong tune all the way to the top of the charts .
Supermasterpiece presents the Satchmo original , newly remastered from the wax cylinder .
More Supermasterpiece music here .
Concept & art : Stephen Levinson .
Vocals : Shek Baker .
Trumpet : Kurt Stockdale .
Music : Chris Messick ,
This 2.5lb and 17 cm in diameter kidney stone was removed from a patient in Hungary , world ’s largest .
Eleven - year - old Chinese schoolboy Liu Cheong had a brush with death when his friend shot him in the head with a 16 - inch arrow , according to numerous international media reports .
The arrow entered his skull through the eye socket and lodged in the back of his head .
Somehow , the boy was spared a fatal brain injury .
This X - ray shows how , during a fall , a car key penetrated the eyelid of 17 - month - old Nicholas Holderman of Kentucky , reaching his brain .
While doctors initially believed that the object had ruptured Nicholas ’ eyeball , another team of specialists later confirmed that the boy had sustained no permanent damage .
X -ray images show how a teenage boy cheated death when a 5 - inch knife was plunged into his head .
The 16 - year - old and two other young men were injured when they tried to stop a friend getting robbed at a bus stop .
The teenager was rushed to hospital with the kitchen knife still stuck in his forehead after the attack in Walworth , south London , in September 2008 .
This X - ray was taken of a 60 - year - old man who checked himself into Nishtar Hospital in Multan , Pakistan .
He sought treatment because he claimed thieves had inserted a Pepsi bottle into his anus before stealing two of his buffalo .
A dentist found the source of the toothache Patrick Lawler was complaining about on the roof of his mouth : a four - inch ( 10 - centimeter ) nail the construction worker had unknowingly embedded in his skull six days earlier .
Doctors in Pakistan removed a whole lightbulb from this prisoner ’s anus .
The man said he awoke with the problem , but doctors were n’t so sure .
8 - year - old Haley Lents of Indiana swallowed 10 magnets and 20 steel balls from a Magnetix toy set .
The magnets and balls attracted one another within her digestive tract , ripping a total of eight holes in her intestines and forcing her parents to rush her to the hospital for emergency surgery .
Lents later told reporters that the magnets and steel balls “ looked like candy . ”
The 5 - centimeter nail shown in this X - ray was found after a man came to a Seoul , South Korea , hospital complaining of a severe headache .
After examining and interviewing the man , doctors speculated that the nail had been the result of an accident four years before his visit , but that the man did not know the nail was lodged in his head .
This X - ray reveals a cell phone lodged in a Salvadoran prisoner ’s lower intestine .
According to news reports , the man is one of four prisoners who are members of the Mara Salvatrucha street gang .
The men were caught with cell phones , spare chips and a charger that they had attempted to smuggle , according to authorities at San Salvador ’s Zacatecoluca prison .
Surgery was needed to save Houdini , a 12 - foot Burmese python in Ketchum , Idaho , that swallowed an entire electric blanket with the electrical cord and control box .
The X - ray here shows the blanket ’s tangled wiring and mechanism within the python ’s intestine .
This photo of an X - ray provided by Imperial Point Animal Hospital in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , shows a 13 - inch serrated knife that somehow was swallowed by Elsie , a 6 - month - old Saint Bernard puppy .
The dog had the blade between her esophagus and stomach for about four days before it was removed in a two - hour operation .
The puppy has an 8 - inch scar but recovered quickly and was returned to her family .
A keeper at the Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary on Australia ’s Gold Coast holds a carpet python snake .
The 32 - inch snake swallowed four golf balls it likely mistook for eggs , according to local reports .
Surgery was needed to remove the balls from the snake ’s intestine .
This X - ray reveals the Australian kitten , known as Kohl , inside the gut of a 6 - foot - long carpet python .
Though the kitten ’s skull was larger than the snake ’s girth , the reptile dislocated its jaw to swallow the feline whole .
[ / caption ]
It may be old , but it ai n’t dead .
The Chandra X - Ray Observatory has found the oldest isolated pulsar ever detected .
While this pulsar is ancient , this exotic object is still kicking and is surprisingly active .
According to radio observations , the pulsar , PSR J0108 - 1431 ( J0108 for short ) is about 200 million years old .
Among isolated pulsars — ones that have not been spun - up in a binary system — it is over 10 times older than the previous record holder .
A team of astronomers led by George Pavlov of Penn State University observed J0108 in X - rays with Chandra , and found that it glows much brighter in X - rays than was expected for a pulsar of such advanced years .
At a distance of 770 light years , it is also one of the nearest pulsars we know of .
Pulsars are created when stars that are much more massive than the Sun collapse in supernova explosions , leaving behind a small , incredibly weighty core , known as a neutron star .
At birth , these neutron stars , which contain the densest material known in the Universe , are spinning rapidly , up to a hundred revolutions per second .
As the rotating beams of their radiation are seen as pulses by distant observers , similar to a lighthouse beam , astronomers call them “ pulsars ” .
Astronomers observe a gradual slowing of the rotation of the pulsars as they radiate energy away .
Radio observations of J0108 show it to be one of the oldest and faintest pulsars known , spinning only slightly faster than one revolution per second .
Some of the energy that J0108 is losing as it spins more slowly is converted into X - ray radiation .
The efficiency of this process for J0108 is found to be higher than for any other known pulsar .
“ This pulsar is pumping out high - energy radiation much more efficiently than its younger cousins , ” said Pavlov .
“ So , although it ’s clearly fading as it ages , it is still more than holding its own with the younger generations . ”
It ’s likely that two forms of X - ray emission are produced in J0108 : emission from particles spiraling around magnetic fields , and emission from heated areas around the neutron star ’s magnetic poles .
Measuring the temperature and size of these heated regions can provide valuable insight into the extraordinary properties of the neutron star surface and the process by which charged particles are accelerated by the pulsar .
The younger , bright pulsars commonly detected by radio and X - ray telescopes are not representative of the full population of objects , so observing objects like J0108 helps astronomers see a more complete range of behavior .
At its advanced age , J0108 is close to the so- called “ pulsar death line , ” where its pulsed radiation is expected to switch off and it will become much harder , if not impossible , to observe .
“ We can now explore the properties of this pulsar in a regime where no other pulsar has been detected outside the radio range , ” said co- author Oleg Kargaltsev of the University of Florida .
“ To understand the properties of ‘ dying pulsars , ’ it is important to study their radiation in X - rays .
Our finding that a very old pulsar can be such an efficient X - ray emitter gives us hope to discover new nearby pulsars of this class via their X - ray emission . ”
The Chandra observations were reported by Pavlov and colleagues in the January 20 , 2009 , issue of The Astrophysical Journal .
However , the extreme nature of J0108 was not fully apparent until a new distance to it was reported on February 6 in the PhD thesis of Adam Deller from Swinburne University in Australia .
The new distance is both larger and more accurate than the distance used in the Chandra paper , showing that J0108 was brighter in X - rays than previously thought .
“ Suddenly this pulsar became the record holder for its ability to make X - rays , ” said Pavlov , “ and our result became even more interesting without us doing much extra work . ”
The position of the pulsar seen by Chandra in X - rays in early 2007 is slightly different from the radio position observed in early 2001 .
This implies that the pulsar is moving at a velocity of about 440,000 miles per hour , close to a typical value for pulsars .
Currently the pulsar is moving south from the plane of the Milky Way galaxy , but because it is moving more slowly than the escape velocity of the Galaxy , it will eventually curve back towards the plane of the Galaxy in the opposite direction .
Source : NASA
" We phoned the managing director and told him and he said , ' I can not believe it is dangerous , it was given to me by a friend of mine ' . "
Store norske leksikon er et gratis og komplett oppslagsverk skrevet av fagfolk på bokmål og nynorsk .
Med opptil 3 millioner brukere i måneden og 550 000 leste artikler hver dag er leksikonet Norges største nettsted for forskningsformidling .
Leksikonet er eid av de norske universitetene og flere ideelle stiftelser / organisasjoner .
In the history of PL design there has been quite a bit of vitriol spilled over design choices .
These days bringing up " static vs dynamic typing " is a good way to generate some heat on a cold winter web forum .
But a few debates seem to have been pretty firmly resolved , at least for general purpose languages .
GP languages have considered goto harmful for decades now , dynamic scoping is seen as a real oddity , and manual memory management is a choice only made by systems language designers .
Questions for LtU : What other debates have been " resolved " in the sense that general purpose languages are hardly ever designed with an alternative to the consensus ?
What debates will be resolved in the near future ?
And what apparently resolved debates deserve to be reopened ?
One rule : " static vs dynamic typing " will be considered off topic because clearly and emphatically that debate has n't been resolved and has no prospect of being resolved any time soon .
Also , it 's boring .
The Magical Lego of Happiness
When our sons were younger , they would often sprawl on the floor for hours playing Legos .
In the huge bucket that sat between the two of them , there were thousands of Legos of every shape , color , and size imaginable .
One day , when the boys were about 4 and 6 , I peeked into their room to see my younger son working away happily , improvising a whimsical structure .
Reaching into the bucket , he grabbed one tiny plastic brick after another , enjoying his creation as it grew and changed from a car to a robot to a space - age vehicle .
He turned his creation this way and that , smiled contentedly , and then continued to build .
Our older son , noticing his brother ’s happiness , eyed his younger sibling with envy and tried to make his own creation look just like his little brother ’s .
Carefully observing the elements of his little brother ’s structure , he began to rake his fingers desperately through the bucket , trying to find just the Legos that were in the magically morphing creation that was bringing his brother so much joy .
After several minutes of fruitless searching for precisely the same combination of Legos , he sat back on his heels and glared at this brother and the structure he was working on .
He was quite certain at that moment , observing his little brother ’s happiness , that his brother must be in possession of some kind of magical Lego combination that was resulting in his joy .
He begged his little brother for the Legos he was holding , but our younger son told him to look for his own .
That was the final straw .
Our older boy burst into tears .
I stepped into the room and asked him what was wrong and why he had stopped building .
He pointed an accusing finger at our younger son and said , “ He has the Lego I need . ”
I was dumbstruck .
Here he was sitting next to thousands of Legos .
He could have taken any one of those tiny bricks and begun his own creation .
But he would n’t .
He was quite certain that his brother had the Magical Lego of Happiness .
It seems silly to us as adults that a child would stubbornly insist that he was one Lego shy of happiness .
How ridiculous to lament the absence of one Lego when there were so many more available to him right at that moment .
But we do precisely the same thing .
We look at other people we believe to be happy , and we believe that the things that they have are the key to their happiness .
If we could just have what they have , we too could be happy :
The magical shoes of happiness .
The magical house of happiness .
The magical job of happiness .
The magical romance of happiness .
We are always one possession or one promotion or one relationship shy of happiness .
And like our son , we sit back on our heels and refuse to create our own happiness .
We are waiting for someone to hand us our happiness , when in fact we have the building blocks of happiness with us all along .
If our older son had stopped looking at what his little brother had , he would have realized that in that bucket of Legos were millions of possibilities to create something new and wonderful that could bring him great joy and pleasure .
But in fixating on what his brother had , he could not see the possibility to create something for himself .
If we only took a moment to look at the big bucket of building blocks in front of us — if we could find a way to appreciate the building blocks of happiness that we already have : our family , our friends , our health .
The blue sky , a warm wind , fresh flowers .
If we could see and appreciate how much we already have , we could begin to build our own happiness .
And that is where the real magic begins .
A councillor came under fire today for using a pseudonym to praise his own work .
Ben Grower posted comments under several aliases on the Daily Echo 's website .
But the newspaper in Bournemouth , Dorset , decided to name and shame the councillor after he posted praise for himself under the name Omegaman .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In one post about plans to build Europe 's first artificial surf reef in Boscombe , the Labour councillor wrote : " At least two councillors seem to be concerned about this mess .
Well done Cllrs Ratcliffe and Grower . "
Other comments praised him for fighting a housing plan and , concerning the expansion of a dentist 's surgery , he wrote : " Just shows that the area does have councillors who care about their residents .
" Well done Ted Taylor , Ben Grower and Beryl Baxter . "
Mr Grower refused to comment on the allegations but sent an email to colleagues admitting he had been writing under aliases for some time .
He said many other councillors did the same thing and that he had never written anything offensive but only did it to have " a good laugh online " .
The long - standing councillor said in his email : " As far as I am concerned this has and always will be a legitimate means of making comments .
" It is perfectly legitimate to use pseudonyms as indeed many others do . "
Investigations showed Omegaman was registered with an address containing Mr Grower 's name .
He initially denied being the author , saying it could be anyone , even Santa Claus , but later admitted it to the newspaper and said he would carry on but would use a different pseudonym .
Leader of the council 's Liberal Democrats , Claire Smith , said it was deceitful .
" It 's a little bit sad to say the least but it does have serious connotations , " she said .
" Things like this cannot happen or the trust breaks down between councillors and members of your ward . "
The Daily Echo said in a statement online : " The Echo does respect its readers ' right to anonymity but we felt that when a councillor pretends to be somebody else to improve his reputation that it is of sufficient public interest to tell people about it . "
Linux layout for Windows users
Linux layout for Windows users
For the Windows users I will attempt to describe a comparison of where files are stored on a Linux system .
This wont be exact equivelents because the operating systems are very different , but they are an approximation .
If you can remember these three golden rules it will make your life easier .
Everything in Linux is under the root directory , ‘/’.
No more A : C : D : stuff .
Everything is part of the directory , even devices .
Everything in Linux is case sensitive .
My Documents
The equivalent place in Linux would be /home / yourusername .
Where is my C : drive ?
Your “ C : drive ” is now called root , or ‘/’.
It is a representation of your entire system , even other hard drives are under this directory .
Where is my X : drive ?
Linux actually does n’t used the driveletter : technique like other operating systems .
With Linux you make a directory and “ mount ” the drive to that directory .
Any time you manipulate something inside that directory you are making changes to that particular hard drive .
The great thing about Linux is that you can mount your drive anywhere you like ( good places would be / media , / mnt or / home ) .
Where is program X ?
Most likely in / usr you can find out for sure by doing , ‘ whereis X ’ .
Most programs will run by simply typing it ’s name in the command prompt .
Windows / System32
The guts of the linux system can be found in / lib .
The Bernie Madoff scandal has its fair share of high - profile victims – there 's Kevin Bacon , Steven Spielberg , Eliot Spitzer and Zsa Zsa Gabor .
But spare a thought for Craig Kugel , a human resources functionary at Madoff 's firm who suddenly finds himself in a pickle over his boss 's Mercedes .
Six weeks before Madoff Securities firm imploded in a $ 50bn alleged fraud , Kugel was dispatched to lease a new car for 70 - year - old Bernie .
According to court documents , he duly went to a dealership called Rallye Motors on Long Island and picked out a shiny new Merc .
A salesman at the dealership wanted financial details on Madoff Securities to authorise a leasing arrangement .
Bernie did n't want to provide any documents and Kugel was therefore hurriedly made a director of the firm so that he could sign for the car as a guarantor .
Kugel has filed an objection to bankruptcy proceedings surrounding the wind - down of Madoff 's firm , complaining that he is now in hock to the tune of $ 58,212.76 ( £ 40,734 ) to cover the 36 - month lease .
" Craig Kugel never intended to be a personal guarantor of the lease for Bernard L Madoff Investment Securities LLC , " say documents prepared by his lawyers .
" Craig Kugel has had no use or benefit whatsoever of said vehicle . "
Poor old Craig joins a long , long queue of people with a grievance against Bernie , who has taken to wearing a bulletproof vest for any court - approved forays outside the Manhattan penthouse apartment where he is being held under house arrest .
Victims may , or may not , be amused to learn that a Connecticut toymaker has produced a limited edition Bernie Madoff doll holding a wad of dollar bills and sporting a gold wristwatch .
It costs $ 149.99 .
Voodoo , anyone ?
The economy messes with the US Mail
A carved inscription over the entrance of Manhattan 's central post office is robust on the reliability of mail deliveries .
Quoting Herodotus , it reads : " Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds . "
Postmen may be able to withstand the weather – but the economy might just stop them .
The US Post Office has asked Congress for permission to suspend deliveries on its quietest days of the week .
This could well mean an end to mail rounds on Saturdays .
An arm of the government , the US Post Office lost $ 2.8 bn last year and could plunge as much as $ 6bn into the red for 2009 .
The number of letters and packages sent by Americans fell by 9bn items to 202bn – the biggest annual fall on record .
The postmaster general , John Potter , cited " a revolution in the way people communicate " , pointing to the use of email and online commercial services such as internet banking .
There 's also , of course , the thorny issue of junk mail .
Until America 's banks realised that they were essentially bankrupt , barely a day went by without a deluge of credit card offerings falling on doormats across the nation .
Not sure what the mailmen will make of this .
The American Postal Workers ' Union has yet to respond – it has other fish to fry .
The union was locked in a bizarre battle last year over a partnership between the post office and a firm called Goin ' Postal in Las Vegas .
The phrase " going postal " entered common parlance after a series of incidents in the 1980s when postmen became violent and shot people .
Union president William Burrus complains that its use implies that postal workers are " violent sociopaths " .
Dan Brown probably already knows the crash is coming
Hold on to your nerves a week on Monday .
Apparently the stockmarket is going to crash on 9 February .
Or so says somebody called Reinhardt who thinks the financial world is all tied up with a Catholic group of business leaders called Legatus .
Sounds a bit dubious ?
Indeed .
But Reinhardt has form .
In a Google Finance posting in July , he predicted that " negative news " would cause a collapse in stocks on September 15 .
Stunned by the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , the Dow Jones Industrial Average duly slumped by 504 points that day in its biggest points decline for seven years .
You have been warned .
In this article I will take a closer look at the Guest Account feature of Leopard .
I will outline and explain some interesting security issues that I found .
Let ’s start simple .
Apple describes the Guest Account as follows on their web site :
Guest Login Accounts
Allow anyone to surf the web and check email as a guest on your Mac .
When your guest logs out , Mac OS X purges the account , removing any trace of activity .
So each time someone logs in as a guest , he or she gets a fresh , unused account .
Also , the Accounts preferences says this about the Guest Account :
Enable the guest account so that friends can temporarily login in to your computer .
Logging in to the guest account does not require a password .
Users can not log in to the guest account remotely .
When a guest user logs out , all information and files in the guest ’s account ’s home folder are deleted .
Apple makes it sound as if the guest account is a quick and secure way to allow a stranger to use your Mac temporarily .
This is far from reality though .
Guest users have far more access to your computer than you would probably think .
Here are my biggest worries .
There is no specialized security mode for guests –
This is the big one and the core of all the other problems I describe next .
If you enable the Guest Account then you are giving the guest user full access to a highly sophisticated UNIX workstation .
Aka , your Mac .
Guest users can execute any program on your Mac .
Start a UNIX shell , poke around .
Run exploits , nasty scripts , etc .
Make sure you understand what that means .
– This is the big one and the core of all the other problems I describe next .
If you enable the Guest Account then you are giving the guest user full access to a highly sophisticated UNIX workstation .
Aka , your Mac .
Guest users can execute any program on your Mac .
Start a UNIX shell , poke around .
Run exploits , nasty scripts , etc .
Make sure you understand what that means .
Guests have access to real accounts – I was really surprised that the Guest user does not run in some ‘ sandbox ’ environment that limits access to resources .
In a simple test I could navigate back to a real account and look in all non-standard folders and even open files there .
The standard folders in your home folder , like Library , Deskop , Music or Documents , all have the nice little red stop sign on it , but for example my Projects and Administration folders are NOT protected .
I created these by simply doing ‘ New Folder ’ .
Make sure you understand this when you create a guest account .
This is probably fixable by tuning the permissions correctly of course , but I had expected that a guest user would not have access to anything related to real users by default .
– I was really surprised that the Guest user does not run in some ‘ sandbox ’ environment that limits access to resources .
In a simple test I could navigate back to a real account and look in all non-standard folders and even open files there .
The standard folders in your home folder , like Library , Deskop , Music or Documents , all have the nice little red stop sign on it , but for example my Projects and Administration folders are NOT protected .
I created these by simply doing ‘ New Folder ’ .
Make sure you understand this when you create a guest account .
This is probably fixable by tuning the permissions correctly of course , but I had expected that a guest user would not have access to anything related to real users by default .
Guest Users have full access to some global resources –
Here is a worrisome example .
My phone is linked with my Mac through Bluetooth .
I was under the impression that Bluetooth worked on a per-user basis .
This turned out not to be the case : when logged in as the guest user I could simply start the BlueTooth File Exchange application and browse the contents of the phone .
Again you would assume that a guest user would have limited access .
Wrong again .
– Here is a worrisome example .
My phone is linked with my Mac through Bluetooth .
I was under the impression that Bluetooth worked on a per-user basis .
This turned out not to be the case : when logged in as the guest user I could simply start the BlueTooth File Exchange application and browse the contents of the phone .
Again you would assume that a guest user would have limited access .
Wrong again .
Guest users CAN leave files behind – On the 300 + New Features page Apple says “ When your guest logs out , Mac OS X purges the account , removing any trace of activity . “ .
This sounds to me like they mean that the guest user can leave no stuff on your computer .
That is simply not true : I logged in as the guest user and dropped files in / Users / Shared and / tmp .
I then logged out and switched to my real account .
It should not be a big surprise that these files were still there .
There are probably many more directories with wrong permissions where a guest user can drop files .
– On the 300 + New Features page Apple says “ “ .
This sounds to me like they mean that the guest user can leave no stuff on your computer .
That is simply not true : I logged in as the guest user and dropped files in / Users / Shared and / tmp .
I then logged out and switched to my real account .
It should not be a big surprise that these files were still there .
There are probably many more directories with wrong permissions where a guest user can drop files .
Background processes started by guests keep running – even after logging out – As a simple test I opened a terminal window and started ‘ screen ’ .
The ‘ screen ’ utility is a simple tool to put a terminal session in the background and pick it up later .
I was able to run ‘ top ’ in a screen session , log out from the guest account , log back in , and pick up the session again , with the top tool running in it .
Again this is not something most people realize .
It is trivial for a guest to keep software running on your Mac .
I do n’t understand why all the guest processes are not killed when the guest user logs out .
– As a simple test I opened a terminal window and started ‘ screen ’ .
The ‘ screen ’ utility is a simple tool to put a terminal session in the background and pick it up later .
I was able to run ‘ top ’ in a screen session , log out from the guest account , log back in , and pick up the session again , with the top tool running in it .
Again this is not something most people realize .
It is trivial for a guest to keep software running on your Mac .
I do n’t understand why all the guest processes are not killed when the guest user logs out .
Guest users CAN log in to your mac remotely –
As I explained in the previous point it is trivial to keep a background process running .
Even when the guest user is logged out .
This also means that it is trivial to start a little server in the background that allows someone to connect back to your Mac .
One could easily write a little FTP or Shell server in Python or Perl for example .
I am not really surprised that a full UNIX account has so much access .
I AM surprised however that the guest account actually IS a full UNIX account .
I am also very surprised that Apple did not use any of the security mechanisms available in Leopard to limit what guest users can do .
Fixing and improving this would be nice .
Apple should at least educate and explain users what the security implications of the Guest Account are .
If you still insist to have a Guest Account on your system then I strongly suggest you use the Parental Controls to give this account as less possible permissions and access .
You can use a Simple Finder and select just a bunch of Applications .
The Simple Finder is also not a fully secure solution though
The core problem stays : the guest account is by nature still a full unix account .
For example , in my test setup I enabled the Simple Finder and configured it so that only Safari can be started .
You ca n’t browse the full filesystem from the Simple Finder anymore , but using Safari and file :// URLs or simply by selecting Open … from the File menu I was still able to browse the whole disk and real user ’s home directories .
The Guest Account could have been implemented in a much better way .
Leopard has many improvements like the sandbox facility , signed applications , access control lists and a new firewall .
Not letting the Guest Account use any of these features is a big missed opportunity .
Hey I did not use the word Lame .
Oops !
Little more than a year after U.S. spy agencies concluded that Iran had halted work on a nuclear weapon , the Obama administration has made it clear that it believes there is no question that Tehran is seeking the bomb .
In his news conference this week , President Obama went so far as to describe Iran ’s “ development of a nuclear weapon ” before correcting himself to refer to its “ pursuit ” of weapons capability .
Obama ’s nominee to serve as CIA director , Leon E. Panetta , left little doubt about his view last week when he testified on Capitol Hill .
“ From all the information I ’ve seen , ” Panetta said , “ I think there is no question that they are seeking that capability . ”
The language reflects the extent to which senior U.S. officials now discount a National Intelligence Estimate issued in November 2007 that was instrumental in derailing U.S. and European efforts to pressure Iran to shut down its nuclear program .
Advertisement
As the administration moves toward talks with Iran , Obama appears to be sending a signal that the United States will not be drawn into a debate over Iran ’s intent .
“ When you ’re talking about negotiations in Iran , it is dangerous to appear weak or naive , ” said Joseph Cirincione , a nuclear weapons expert and president of the Ploughshares Fund , an anti-proliferation organization based in Washington .
Cirincione said the unequivocal language also worked to Obama ’s political advantage .
“ It guards against criticism from the right that the administration is underestimating Iran , ” he said .
Iran has long maintained that it aims to generate electricity , not build bombs , with nuclear power .
But Western intelligence officials and nuclear experts increasingly view those claims as implausible .
Advertisement
U.S. officials said that although no new evidence had surfaced to undercut the findings of the 2007 estimate , there was growing consensus that it provided a misleading picture and that the country was poised to reach crucial bomb - making milestones this year .
Obama ’s top intelligence official , Dennis C. Blair , the director of national intelligence , is expected to address mounting concerns over Iran ’s nuclear program in testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee today .
When it was issued , the NIE stunned the international community .
It declared that U.S. spy agencies judged “ with high confidence that in fall 2003 , Tehran halted its nuclear weapons program . ”
U.S. intelligence officials later said the conclusion was based on evidence that Iran had stopped secret efforts to design a nuclear warhead around the time of the U.S. invasion of Iraq .
Advertisement
Often overlooked in the NIE , officials said , was that Iran had not stopped its work on other crucial fronts , including missile design and uranium enrichment .
Many experts contend that these are more difficult than building a bomb .
Iran ’s advances on enrichment have become a growing source of alarm .
Since 2004 , the country has gone from operating a few dozen centrifuges -- cylindrical machines used to enrich uranium -- to nearly 6,000 , weapons experts agree .
By November , Iran had produced an estimated 1,400 pounds of low - enriched uranium , not nearly enough to fuel a nuclear energy reactor , but perilously close to the quantity needed to make a bomb .
A report issued last month by the Institute for Science and International Security concluded that “ Iran is moving steadily toward a breakout capability and is expected to reach that milestone during the first half of 2009 . ”
That means it would have enough low - enriched uranium to be able to quickly convert it to weapons - grade material .
Advertisement
Tehran ’s progress has come despite CIA efforts to sabotage shipments of centrifuge components on their way into Iran and entice the country ’s nuclear scientists to leave .
Iran still faces considerable hurdles .
The country touted its launch of a 60 - pound satellite into orbit this month .
Experts said Iran ’s rockets would need to be able to carry more than 2,000 pounds to deliver a first - generation nuclear bomb .
And there are indications that the U.S. and Iran are interested in holding serious diplomatic discussions for the first time in three decades .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said this week that his nation was “ ready to hold talks based on mutual respect , ” and Obama indicated that his administration would look for opportunities “ in the coming months . ”
Hassan Qashqavi , spokesman for Iran ’s Foreign Ministry , on Wednesday warned the U.S. not to wait for Iranian presidential elections this year , because ultimate authority rests with supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Advertisement
He also said Iran would be patient .
“ Since a new administration came to power in the U.S. , we do not want to burn the opportunity of President Obama and give him time to change the reality on the ground , ” Qashqavi said .
But experts said Iran was now close enough to nuclear weapons capability that it may be less susceptible to international pressure .
“ They ’ve made more progress in the last five years than in the previous 10 , ” Cirincione said .
Advertisement
--
greg.miller@latimes.com
Special correspondent Ramin Mostaghim in Tehran contributed to this report .
Plans to Close U.S. Air Base Threaten Military Supply Route to Afghanistan
By Judith Latham
Washington
26 February 2009
Kyrgyzstan ’s parliament voted last week to end U.S. access to a key logistical air base that services troops in Afghanistan .
Background
Most U.S. and NATO shipments into Afghanistan arrive by road through Pakistan , but those convoys have increasingly come under attack from Taliban and al - Qaida militants .
Since 2001 , the U.S. military has moved supplies into the region through its Manas air base , which is part of the international airport near Bishkek .
It is the only U.S. military supply route in Central Asia , so the Kyrgyz order to close it within six months represents a major impediment to the conduct of operations in Afghanistan .
Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev had complained that Washington was not paying enough rent for the base .
And during a recent trip to Moscow , he announced plans to close it after Russia pledged to give Kyrgyzstan about $ 2 billion in loans and aid .
An American Perspective
Eurasia specialist Paul Goble says he thinks the motive for closing the U.S. - NATO air base was primarily political .
Speaking with host Judith Latham of VOA News Now ’s International Press Club , Goble says Kyrgyzstan ’s decision not to allow the United States to continue the operation of its base at Manas reflects Bishkek ’s calculation – under a great deal of pressure from Moscow – that it does not want to be too closely aligned with the United States , if that puts it in opposition to the Russian Federation .
Paul Goble notes this is not the first time a U.S. military base in Central Asia has been closed down .
After criticism from Washington over the Uzbek government ’s violent response to the May 2005 uprising in Andijan , President Islam Karimov closed the U.S. base at Khanabad .
Goble says these incidents reflect the tug - of - war between Washington and Moscow over influence in Central Asia .
Furthermore , Goble notes that Russia says it will not support the transit of military goods to Afghanistan , and that other countries in the region – such as Uzbekistan and Tajikistan – have said the same .
That means , Goble explains , “ You could move food , you could move tents , but you could not move armaments . ”
It also means , he says , that Washington may have to do it from farther away – from Turkey , which is a NATO member , or the U.S. - controlled islands of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean , or off American carriers , which is a “ very expensive proposition . ”
A Russian Perspective
Russian journalist Masha Lipman of the Carnegie Moscow Center says this political development is actually suffused with symbolic meaning for Russia .
According to Lipman , “ Americans are coming closer to our boarders – whether as NATO or as U.S. military bases – and they are being told they should go . ”
Lipman observes that Moscow says there is no connection between the $ 2 billion aid package it has promised to Bishkek and the Kyrgyz decision to evict the American military , but she finds that “ hard to believe . ”
Masha Lipman suggests that the Kyrgyz government is trying to take advantage of its new bargaining power .
And she agrees with U.S. officials who say the eviction of U.S. forces from the Manas air base is not a foregone conclusion .
A Kyrgyz Perspective
Following the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US , Kyrgyzstan agreed to allow US forces to use part of Bishkek 's international airport as a base
Kyrgyz journalist Alisher Khamidov agrees with Ms. Lipman that the situation is still fluid .
He says , “ What ’s going on here is three - way bargaining – between Bishkek and Moscow , between Moscow and Washington , and between Washington and Bishkek . ”
Moscow is telling Washington , Khamidov says , that the road to Central Asia – especially to Kyrgyzstan – leads through Moscow .
But , he adds , it is too early to say Bishkek will close the base completely .
Alisher Khamidov stresses that Moscow ’s $ 2 billion offer to Bishkek is “ just an offer , ” and nothing has been signed .
Furthermore , if the Kyrgyz government “ kicks the U.S. base out ” and Russia does not live up to its agreement , Kyrgyzstan will “ end up with nothing . ”
So , it is in their interest to bargain , Khamidov says .
The Dilemma
Meanwhile , these political maneuverings place Washington in a bind regarding strategic supplies to Afghanistan , Paul Goble emphasizes .
“ It ’s always better to have more than one route – for pipelines or for air supply , ” he observes .
According to Goble , “ If you put yourself in a position where everyone can see that you desperately need X , then the price of X goes up and the willingness of people to prevent you from getting X in order to create problems for you in hopes of getting a trade - off somewhere else goes up , too . ”
And he adds , “ We now have a Russian government that is willing to use force across military borders and that is willing to bribe countries to support it against the United States . ”
Last week Washington reached a tentative agreement with Uzbekistan and Tajikistan to allow the passage of non-military cargo bound for Afghanistan .
Russia and Kazakhstan have also agreed to allow U.S. non-military supplies to be transported to troops in Afghanistan by rail .
The Launchpad team are proud to announce Launchpad 2.2.1 , our first release of 2009 !
In 2.2.1 we ’ve introduced :
a unique signature for each Personal Package Archive
a way to introduce new translators to your team ’s way of working
an easier way for projects to export translations made in Launchpad .
Read on for details of what ’s new !
Signed PPAs
If you ’ve recently installed software from a Personal Package Archive , your package manager may have told you it does n’t recognise the PPA ’s public key .
That ’s because we ’ve added a key to each PPA in Launchpad , allowing you to verify you ’re downloading from the archive you expect .
Our screencast shows how to add a PPA ’s key to your system .
Help new translators find their way
The ease with which newcomers can make translations is one of the reasons many projects choose Launchpad .
If you ’re in a translation team , you can help new translators pick up the style and rules of the project (s ) you ’re working on by linking to your translation style guide directly from the relevant translation pages .
Take a look at our blog post for details .
Upstream projects : easily integrate translations made in Launchpad
Thousands of people use Launchpad to help translate Ubuntu .
Many projects whose software is in Ubuntu also have their own translation efforts outside Launchpad .
In the past , translations made in Launchpad were n’t always easy for upstream projects to integrate back into their own translations .
We ’ve added a new translation export option that provides only those strings that have changed since we last imported the project ’s own translations .
This should make it much easier for projects to take and use translations made in Launchpad .
See our help page for more .
Full details of 2.2.1
To get the full details of the Launchpad 2.2.11 release , visit its milestone page .
If you come across a bug , please report it !
Tuesday , 23 Dec , 2008 Current Events
This Monday Pope Benedict XVI raised a wave of disputes , saying that saving the world from homosexual and transsexual behavior is just as important as saving the rainforest from deforestation .
In his message the pope addressed to the central administration of Vatican , Curia , saying : The tropical forests do deserve our protection .
But man , as a creature , does not deserve any less . "
He spoke aggressively against gender theories , saying that they " lead towards the definitive emancipation of man from creation and the creator " .
Thus it may be understood that those who are not heterosexual represent a threat to the humanity .
The pope misinterpreted science , saying that the church must protect not only the earth , water and air but also it should defend the human person against its own obliteration .
" What 's needed is something like a ' human ecology , ' understood in the right sense .
It 's not simply an outdated metaphysics if the church speaks of the nature of the human person as man and woman , and asks that this order of creation be respected , " he said .
It is worth noting that the cultural and social definitions of sexuality , which were strongly attacked by the pope in his speech that criticized the gender theory , appear to be irrelevant if taking into consideration genetics and neuroscience .
For instance , the genetic proof that sexual orientation is programmed before birth , is growing .
Scientists also support the theory that homosexuality develops by natural selection .
The speech of Pope Benedict was highly criticized by gay groups .
According to Aurelio Mancuso , the head of Arcigay , Italy 's leading national gay rights organization , the pope 's message is not backed by science .
" A divine program for men and women is out of line with nature , where the roles are not so clear , " he said .
The gay groups said the pope 's speech represented an unfounded assault on homosexuality and especially on those who undergo sex change , reported The Guardian .
According to the Catholic Church , homosexuality does not represent a sin , but the acts of homosexuality are considered sins .
The church is against gay marriages .
This year a Vatican official stated that homosexuality represents " a deviation , an irregularity , a wound " .
Today Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , outlined that the pope did not have the goal of attacking homosexuality or sex change .
According to him , Pope Benedict wanted to talk generally about gender theories , which " overlook the fundamental difference in creation between men and women and focus instead on the role of cultural conditioning " .
Oh no , they 're everywhere !
This creative wall art is by Elly Nelly from New York .
Placed around your house it can either : A. Freak the crap out of you B .
Make you smile C. Wonder how they got out .
If you answered C , I ask that you seek immediate medical attention . 🙂
17 climbers measure around 4 inches high .
The design is made from high quality cut vinyl with a matte surface finish .
No need to knock holes in walls , these artworks are self - adhesive yet removable ( not reusable ) when you are ready for a change and a new graphic !
You even get a free sample graphics to test and play with .
$ 27 at Supermarket
I love how this Slumdog Millionaire Indian chick is walking around with her Oscar all access pass or whatever the fuck that laminate is .
It ’s like she knows that no one in Hollywood really has any idea who she is , despite being in the Picture of the Year and being pretty hot , because Hollywood is racist and assume if you ’re brown you ’re either part of the cleaning crew , there to set up , deliver food , sell beer at their convenience store or offer outsourced tech support for all major American brands and do n’t really belong in front of the camera or on the red carpet .
Frieda Pinto Wears Her Oscar Pass of the Day
Posted in : Frieda Pinto|Oscars
PTC Tools Are Made for Modern Developers
Create native , embedded , or real - time applications , or build graphical user interfaces with PTC developer tools .
Whether you need access to the ThingWorx Developer Portal , the Vuforia Engine Developer Portal , or a program suite for engineers developing complex , mission - critical systems , you ’ve come to the right place .
A wide - ranging investigation has been launched into allegations that a well - known Pueblo resident has molested many boys over the years , including most recently when he was the manager for Sen .
John McCain ’s presidential - campaign office in Pueblo .
Under investigation is Jeffrey Claude Bartleson , 52 , who was arrested Jan. 29 and then re-arrested Wednesday after a campaign worker in the McCain office told police she believed Bartleson molested one of her sons .
Sgt. Brett Wilson , who heads the Pueblo Police Department ’s special victims unit , said today that there are “ several active investigations ” involving Bartleson .
He said numerous boys will be interviewed by the two detectives who have been assigned full - time to the case .
Because of the active nature of the investigation , Wilson said he could n’t detail the allegations .
However , in affidavits filed by police investigators in Pueblo District Court , authorities say that the most recent complaints follow a pattern involving Bartleson that dates to 1982 .
According to Detective Daniel Anderson , Bartleson has usually positioned himself so he is around children , whether as a Scout master , as a sponsor of the chemical - dependency unit at Pueblo ’s Parkview Medical Center , at his church or simply by inviting children to spend the night at his home .
In June 2003 , then - Rep. Scott McInnis praised Bartleson in a tribute at the U.S. House of Representatives .
In the tribute , McInnis noted that “ in his capacity as a foster parent , Jeff has helped several youth in the region through his work with the Young Life Association and the El Pueblo Boys and Girls Ranch . ”
McInnis also noted that Bartleson was instrumental in the foundation and development of the Interfaith Hospitality network , which McInnis described as “ one of Pueblo ’s newest self - help organizations . ”
David Dill , chairman of the Pueblo County Republican Party , said today that although Bartleson headed the McCain campaign office in Pueblo , Bartleson does not hold any position with the Pueblo County Republican Party .
He attended a few meetings of the organization , but that was the extent of his involvement , said Dill .
Dill said he believed that Bartleson directed McCain efforts in southern Colorado .
State GOP officials said today they had no contact with Bartleson .
The latest arrest stemmed from a report by a woman who worked with Bartleson in the McCain campaign office .
According to the woman , she and a co-worker were planning in October to attend a Sarah Palin rally in Colorado Springs but wanted to travel to the Springs the night before .
She told police that she mentioned the planned trip to Bartleson .
He offered to keep her 5 - year - old son overnight in Pueblo and then drive up to Colorado Springs the next day and meet them there .
She accepted Bartleson ’s offer .
The woman said that her son told her that while at Bartleson ’s home , Bartleson insisted on giving him a bath , during which he was sexually molested .
Later , said the child , Bartleson forced him into Bartleson ’s bed , where he once again was molested .
In interviews this week with investigators , the child said that when he tried to get away from Bartleson , he kept pulling him back into the bed .
He was finally able to leave when Bartleson fell asleep .
The child described Bartleson as “ a bad man , ” according to the police affidavit .
Asked why , the child responded , “ because he does things to kids . ”
Detective Anderson said he asked the child how he knew Bartleson did this to kids , and the boy responded that “ Mr. Jeff ” did this to five people and he knew that because “ Mr. Jeff ” told him so .
Another alleged victim , according to a police affidavit , said he met Bartleson through the Interfaith Hospitality Network and was molested by him when he stayed at Bartleson ’s home .
Unknown to him until much later , he also was videotaped by Bartleson while he showered at Bartleson ’s house , the youth told police .
The young man told police that Bartleson “ said if I told anybody , he ’d hurt me . ”
Dustin Taylor , the Pueblo detective who interviewed the second youth , said that his story about Bartleson touching his genital area “ matches the modus operandi described by other victims coming out against Bartleson . ”
Capt .
Dave Lucero of the Pueblo County Sheriff ’s Office said that Bartleson is being held on a $ 150,000 bond for investigation of sex assault on a child .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
Hamas is thought to have made improvements in its military capability
By Martin Asser
BBC News
Israel 's move to ground operations in the Gaza Strip gives Palestinian militants their first chance to trade blows on a more or less equal footing with the Israeli army in the current conflict .
Until now the militants have been impotent to counter Israel 's air , sea and ground bombardment - spheres where it enjoys total military superiority .
Hamas and other militant groups have launched dozens of rockets at Israel but - while these are occasionally lethal and cause considerable disruption and sap civilian morale - they are ineffective militarily .
Soldiers of the enemy ... you must know that a black destiny is waiting for you
Hamas leader Khaled Meshal Who are Hamas ?
But if the conflict transfers to the narrow alleyways of Jabaliya camp , or any of Gaza 's teeming urban areas , it will be a different story .
" Hamas has few tools compared with the Israeli army , " says Nicolas Pelham , Senior Analyst with the Middle East Programme of the International Crisis Group .
" But the Israeli operations in built - up urban areas will eliminate some of that huge difference , " he added .
Israel possesses formidable tank forces , armoured bulldozers , uncontested use of air power and all the paraphernalia of a modern army , such as night vision and thermal imaging equipment .
But Hamas has had months to prepare for bitter urban warfare which will give its fighters a chance to inflict casualties on the Israeli military .
Smuggled capability Hamas is by nature a secretive organisation .
Israeli troops spent 38 years occupying Gaza , but withdrew in 2005 However , analysts believe it has considerably enhanced its military capability since taking control of the Gaza Strip in the summer of 2007 .
The takeover handed Hamas the limited arsenal of the routed Palestinian Authority .
But more importantly it gave Hamas freedom to operate throughout Gaza without interference from the PA , which was committed to disarming militant groups .
Hamas has had to smuggle all its other weaponry into Gaza - which is under a complete blockade imposed by Israel and supported by Egypt in the south .
This is done via tunnels under the Egypt - Gaza border , which have furnished Hamas with the medium - range rockets that have hit Israeli cities up to 25 miles ( 40 km ) away .
Explosives and the ingredients for explosive and rocket propellants are even more easily smuggled into Gaza .
Mortars , anti-tank weapons and some anti-aircraft weapons - not effective against modern jet fighters , but possibly so against older helicopters - are also thought to have come through the Rafah tunnels .
So it was an unsurprisingly bellicose Khaled Meshal , Hamas 's Damascus - based leader - in - exile , who spoke in an Arabic TV interview before ground operations began on Saturday night .
" Soldiers of the enemy ... you must know that a black destiny is waiting for you , and you will either be killed , injured or imprisoned , " he told al - Jazeera television .
Lessons of 2006
The Hamas military wing - the Izz al - Din Qassam Brigades - is thought to have about 15,000 members .
It is therefore vastly outnumbered by Israel 's total military capability .
But there is no shortage of weapons in Gaza or people who might want to pick up a gun against Israelis forces .
Standards of training and discipline for the Brigades have been raised recently , and it is believed to have fairly sophisticated communications systems .
Palestinian civilian casualties are likely to rise in any ground engagement
The organisation has clearly learnt lessons from the 2006 Lebanon war , when Hezbollah bloodied Israel 's nose in a bruising encounter in terrain ideal for guerrilla warfare against a conventional army .
Since then , a number of Hamas members are thought to have spent time with Hezbollah and Iran 's Revolutionary Guards movement - leading to improvements in its military training regime and organisational system .
The geography of Gaza may not be as advantageous as south Lebanon , but doubtless many Izz al - Din Qassam Brigades members will be hoping to deal a blow against the Israeli army and be rewarded with what they consider glorious martyrdom in the process .
Israel too , however , appears to have made changes since 2006 , analysts say .
Its forces have trained hard for just such an engagement , as well as working on improvements to civil defence , supply lines , planning and public relations .
But the important question now is what does Israel want to achieve from ground operations .
The stated Israel aim is to deal a blow to Hamas and prevent or reduce rocket fire .
But if the army does seek to retake urban areas it could play directly into the hands of Hamas - especially the longer its heavy armour remains there .
And what happens when Israel pulls out ?
" There 's no guarantee even if Hamas is removed from power in Gaza that rocket fire will not continue , " says Nicolas Pelham of the ICG .
" The fact is that more rockets were being fired from Gaza before the Hamas takeover , not least in the era of chaos , than afterwards . "
What seems certain is that Hamas ' desire to fight in the heavily populated urban areas , and Israel 's apparent willingness to prosecute its war there , could have a devastating effect on Gaza 's long - suffering civilian population who have nowhere else to go .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
100 % ( 20 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 20 votes ) 91 K views 9 pages
Jared Diamond - The Worst Mistake in the History of the Human Race
Uploaded by Oakymac
Description : Recent discoveries suggest that the adoption of agriculture , supposedly our most decisive step toward a better life , was in many ways a catastrophe from which we have never recovered .
Full description
Computer historians and researchers at Portsmouth University in the UK are developing a software emulator that will recognise and play all types of videogames and computer files from the 1970s through to the present day .
Remember all those videogames from your childhood and teenage years ?
Want to play them all again , without having to download umpteen different emulators ?
Of course you do !
" Early hardware , like games consoles and computers , are already found in museums .
But if you can't show visitors what they did , by playing the software on them , it would be much the same as putting musical instruments on display but throwing away all the music .
For future generations it would be a cultural catastrophe , " according to Dr David Anderson from Portsmouth University , who is heading up a remarkable new project to save all the digital info and games created since the 1970s .
" A vast bank of information needs to be catalogued and stored , " adds researcher and computer games expert Dan Pinchbeck .
" Games particularly tend not to be archived because they are seen as disposable , pulp cultural artefacts , but they represent a really important part of our recent cultural history .
Games are one of the biggest media formats on the planet and we must preserve them for future generations . "
Digital black hole
Computer historians Dr David Anderson and Dr Janet Delve see the project as a " rescue plan to recover and safeguard the rapidly vanishing technology and cultural information about the generation born and brought up in the digital age . "
They are aiming to build " the world 's first general purpose emulator " which is described as " a piece of software which can recognise and ' play ' or open all previous types of computer files from 1970s Space Invaders games to three - inch floppy discs . "
While there are many emulators that are specific to certain types of media or platform , the unique selling point of this massively ambitious project is that it will be able to emulate media in any format .
Aiming to ' rescue ' digital files from a black hole , the initiative is part of the Europe - wide KEEP project ( Keeping Emulation Environments Portable ) , with the objective to " develop methods of safeguarding digital objects including text , sound and image files , multimedia documents , websites , databases and video games .
" People do n't think twice about saving files digitally -- from snapshots taken on a camera phone to national or regional archives , " comments Dr Janet Delve .
" But every digital file risks being either lost by degrading or by the technology used to ' read ' it disappearing altogether .
Former generations have left a rich supply of books , letters and documents which tell us who they were , how they lived and what they discovered .
There 's a very real risk that we could bequeath a blank spot in history . "
Every computer file recoverable
By 2010 the amount of digital information created worldwide " will be equivalent to 18 million times the information contained in all the books ever written . "
The researchers note that " Britain 's National Archive holds the equivalent of 580,000 encyclopaedias of information in file formats no longer commercially available " and add that " research by the British Library suggests Europe loses £ 2.7 bn each year in business value because of difficulties in preserving and accessing old digital files . "
" We are facing a massive threat of the loss of digital information .
It 's a very real and worrying problem .
Things that were created in the 1970s , '80s and '90s are vanishing fast and every year new technologies mean we face greater risk of losing material , " says Dr David Anderson .
General Motors announced in a press conference at the Detroit Auto Show that South Korea ’s LG Chem has been selected to supply the lithium - ion cells that will power the Chevy Volt .
However , LG Chem and its U.S. subsidiary will not be supplying full packs to GM .
Instead , GM has decided to keep the pack production in - house along with the battery management systems and all the power electronics .
The automaker will be building a pack assembly facility in Michigan , with LG Chem supplying the cells .
CEO Rick Wagoner also announced that a new battery lab will be built in Michigan .
At 31,000 sq ft , the lab will be the largest advanced battery testing facility in the world .
According to Chevy Volt vehicle line executive Tony Posawatz , the lab will be located at GM ’s Warren , MI tech center campus .
When the lab is fully operational , the company intends to use it to provide testing capabilities for all advanced battery makers .
Posawatz has also said that any company that develops new cells will be able to bring them to GM for testing .
GM will do a full evaluation on cells free of charge to manufacturer and provide all the test data back to the manufacturer .
The intent is expand the knowledge base of advanced batteries as much as possible .
In this way , GM hopes to help battery makers accelerate their development and therefore benefit from improved performance and reduced costs .
Along with the company ’s intention to use its in - housed developed battery management systems , this will help GM develop battery technology as a core competency just as internal combustion engines have been for the past century .
The company also announced a new partnership with the University of Michigan to create the Advanced Battery Coalition for Drivetrains ( ABCD ) .
ABCD will focus on researching batteries and integrating them into vehicles .
Spunk Library
Top 10 Reasons Why Beer Is Better Than Jesus -------------------------------------------------
10 .
No one will kill you for not drinking Beer .
9 . Beer does n't tell you how to have sex .
8 . Beer has never caused a major war .
7 . They do n't force Beer on minors who can't think for themselves .
6 . When you have a Beer , you do n't knock on people 's doors trying to give it away .
5 . Nobody 's ever been burned at the stake , hanged , or tortured over his brand of Beer .
4 . You do n't have to wait 2000 + years for a second Beer .
3 . There are laws saying Beer labels can't lie to you .
2 . You can prove you have a Beer .
1 . If you 've devoted your life to Beer , there are groups to help you stop .
The majority leader , Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , said he believed that Democrats could muscle the stimulus bill through with at least two Republican votes .
But late Thursday he said he would give the bipartisan group until Friday to reach a deal .
If no deal is reached , he said he would call for procedural vote on Sunday aimed at moving to final vote .
The efforts of the bipartisan group , which at one point numbered about 20 senators , essentially tied Mr. Reid ’s hands , giving him little choice but to allow time for a compromise measure to emerge .
The behind - the - scenes brokering distracted from the Senate floor where formal debate continued and senators at times traded angry barbs .
The Democrats will need the support of at least two Republicans and probably more to win passage of the stimulus bill , which for procedural reasons will require 60 votes .
The Democrats now hold 58 seats , but only 57 have been voting this week .
Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts has been absent because of illness .
Image Harry Reid , the Senate majority leader , center , speaking on Capitol Hill on Thursday with , from left , Senators Charles E. Schumer and Richard J. Durbin .
Credit ... Ruth Fremson / The New York Times
Ms. Collins is clearly one Republican they are counting on .
But on Thursday evening she said she would not vote for the measure in its current form and wanted further changes in spending programs .
“ My goal is to be able to support a bill , ” Ms. Collins said .
At issue is the huge package of tax breaks and government spending intended to halt the economy ’s downward spiral and spur a recovery that is the centerpiece of Mr. Obama ’s agenda .
Congressional Democratic leaders have promised to adopt the measure and send it to the White House for his signature by the end of next week .
Lawmakers said they can still meet that goal .
But once the Senate acts , the bill must still be reconciled with a version passed by the House last week , and some House Democrats said Thursday that they were increasingly alarmed by reports of efforts in the Senate to remove programs that they believed would lift the economy .
The Ethiopian - born former British resident claimed he was the victim of a dark nightmare of " medieval torture " wreaked on him with British collusion .
He arrived back in Britain at RAF Northolt airbase in north - west London soon after 1 pm GMT on Monday ( midnight AEDT on Tuesday ) .
He was detained by police officers under anti-terrorism laws but not arrested .
After being questioned for nearly five hours , he was released at 5.46 pm GMT ( 4.46 am AEDT on Tuesday ) , police said .
Mr Mohamed was in custody since 2002 .
He was arrested in Pakistan before being taken to Morocco and Afghanistan , and then on to Guantanamo Bay .
He was suspected of attending an al - Qaeda training camp in Afghanistan and plotting to build a " dirty " bomb .
But he was never charged .
His US military lawyer , Lieutenant Colonel Yvonne Bradley , said : " Mr Mohamed has not done anything that warranted any investigation . "
Looking underweight , stooped and hiding behind a white baseball cap , Mr Mohamed shuffled off the chartered jet clutching what looked like a large collection of documents .
Mr Stafford Smith told reporters at the airbase Mr Mohamed was reunited with his sister , whom he had not seen for seven years .
" It was a tearful reunion , " Mr Stafford Smith said , describing his appearance as " incredibly skinny " and " very emaciated " .
" He just wants to go to a place we 've got for him tonight where he can be by himself with his sister and hopefully begin to put his life together again . "
Hunger strike Speaking at a press conference before Mr Mohamed 's arrival , Lieutenant Colonel Bradley said Mr Mohamed had been on a hunger strike for some weeks and was in poor mental and physical health .
" I know he is fit to travel , but that is pretty much a minimum status for him , " she said .
" I know he is going to have to put on a lot of weight as he was at least 40 to 50 pounds underweight when I last saw him .
[ Recovering ] mentally is going to be a longer process , given the ordeal that he has gone through . "
However , in an emotional written statement released before his arrival by his lawyers , Mr Mohamed thanked those in Britain who had worked to gain his release since he was arrested .
But he also described the pain of betrayal by the nation he had adopted as his own .
" I have to say , more in sadness than in anger , that many have been complicit in my own horrors over the past seven years ... for myself , the very worst moment came when I realised in Morocco that the people who were torturing me were receiving questions and materials from British intelligence , " he said .
" I had met with British intelligence in Pakistan .
I had been open with them .
Yet the very people who I had hoped would come to my rescue , I later realised , had allied themselves with my abusers . "
Mr Mohamed said he did not feel up to facing the media immediately after his arrival and , while he wanted to concentrate on regaining his health , he wanted to help those he left behind .
" While I want to recover , and put it all as far in the past as I can , I also know I have an obligation to the people who still remain in those torture chambers ... my own despair was greatest when I thought that everyone had abandoned me .
I have a duty to make sure that nobody else is forgotten , " he said .
" Before this ordeal , ' torture ' was an abstract word to me , " he said .
" I could never have imagined that I would be its victim .
It is still difficult for me to believe that I was abducted , hauled from one country to the next , and tortured in medieval ways - all orchestrated by the US Government . "
The US has dropped all charges against him .
However , while Mr Mohamed will be granted treatment by the British National Health Scheme ( NHS ) , he is not a British citizen and his immigration status will be reviewed .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said : " We have got to look at the details of the arrangements , but ... we will do everything in our power to protect the security of people in our country and the Home Secretary will take whatever action is necessary . ''
It is understood that Mr Mohamed will have to report regularly to the British authorities and has accepted that he will be kept under surveillance .
The Attorney - General is now consulting the Director of Public Prosecutions over whether to order a criminal investigation into Mr Mohamed 's claims British agents colluded in his torture .
All nine British nationals held in Guantanamo were released in 2004 and 2005 .
Of the six British residents , four were released in 2007 .
Following Mr Mohamed 's release , the one British resident remaining in the detention camp is Shaker Aamer .
" We have requested from the US an offer of release and return [ for Aamer ] but the US Government has so far declined to agree on his return to the UK , '' a Foreign Office spokesman said .
Loading Paola Totaro is the 's Europe Correspondent .
i Explore announced today the list of Top Ten World Travel Destinations as determined by the vacation purchases of its adventure , luxury and experiential travelers .
2008 Rank
1. EGYPT ( #1 )
2. THAILAND ( #7 )
3. PERU ( #5 )
4. ANTARCTICA ( #4 )
5. COSTA RICA ( #8 )
6. INDIA ( #10 )
7. VIETNAM ( #15 )
8. CHINA ( #3 )
9. SOUTH AFRICA ( #2 )
10 . JAPAN ( # 11 )
Note : ( 2007 rank in parenthesis )
We continue to see the many of the World Wonders on our list of top destination including the Pyramids in Egypt , Machu Picchu in Peru , The Taj Mahal of India and the Great Wall of China .
Additionally , Costa Rica and Thailand have become two very popular destinations as of late .
Four the fourth consecutive year Egypt held its top position , while many of the other destinations remained in the top 10 they shuffled positions .
i Explore CEO , Todd McClamroch , said “ We continue to see the many of the World Wonders on our list of top destination including the Pyramids in Egypt , Machu Picchu in Peru , The Taj Mahal of India and the Great Wall of China .
Additionally , Costa Rica and Thailand have become two very popular destinations as of late . ”
Bumped from last year ’s top ten were Ecuador / Galapagos Islands ( # 12 ) and Tanzania ( # 21 ) .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Brave Alex Larenty proves he really is a game warden – as he grabs a lion by his , er , pride .
British - born Alex , 50 , took a firm grip on Jamu at a reserve near Johannesburg to show another keeper just how much the huge beast likes him .
Alex said : “ I was showing another warden that Jamu trusts me completely .
“ People ca n’t believe it ’s real when they see the picture .
I tell them ‘ yes it ’s real , I ’m holding a lions ’ b****’. ”
Hmm .
Surely a cuddle would have been enough , Alex ?
Another email .
Major General John F. Kelly writes this note to Seamus about the elections , our Marines , and Iraq :
I do n't suppose this will get much coverage in the States as the news is so good .
No , the news is unbelievable .
Something did n't happen in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , today .
Once the most violent and most dangerous places on earth , no suicide vest bomber detonated killing dozens of voters .
No suicide truck bomber drove into a polling place collapsing the building and killing and injuring over 100 .
No Marine was in a firefight engaging an Al Qaida terrorist trying to disrupt democracy .
What did happen was Anbar Sunnis came out in their tens of thousands to vote in the first free election of their lives .
With the expectation of all of the above ( suicide bombers ) they walked miles ( we shut down all vehicle traffic with the exception of some shuttle busses for the elderly and infirm ) to the polling places .
I slept under the stars with some Grunts at Combat Outpost Iba on the far side of Karma , and started driving the 200 miles up the Euphrates River Valley through Karma , Fallujah , Habbiniyah , Ramadi , Hit , Baghdad and back here to Al Asad .
I stopped here and there to speak with cops , soldiers , Marines , and most importantly , regular Iraqi men and women along the way .
It was the same everywhere .
A tension with every finger on a trigger that broke at perhaps 3 PM when we all began to think what was almost unthinkable a year ago .
We might just pull this off without a bombing .
No way .
By 4 PM it seemed like we 'd make it to 5 PM when the polls closed .
At 4:30 the unbelievable happened : the election was extended an hour to 6 PM because of the large crowds !
What are they kidding ?
Tempting fate like that is not nice .
Six PM and the polls close without a single act of violence or a single accusation of fraud , and nearly by early reports pretty close to 100 % voted .
Priceless .
Every Anbari walking towards the polling place had these determined and , frankly , concerned looks on their faces .
No children with them ( here mothers and grandmothers are NEVER without their children or grandchildren ) because of the expectation of death .
Husbands voted separately from wives , and mothers separately from fathers for the same reason .
In and out quickly to be less of a target for the expected suicide murderer .
When they came out after voting they also wore the same expression on their faces , but now one of smiling amazement as they held up and stared at ink stained index fingers .
Norman Rockwell could not have captured this wonderment .
Even the ladies voted in large numbers and their husbands did n't insist on going into the booths to tell them who to vote for .
One of the things I 've always said was that we came here to " give " them democracy .
Even in the dark days my only consolation was that it was about freedom and democracy .
After what I saw today , and having forgotten our own history and revolution , this was arrogance .
People are not given freedom and democracy - they take it for themselves .
The Anbaris deserve this credit .
Today I step down as the dictator , albeit benevolent , of Anbar Province .
Today the Anbaris took it from me .
I am ecstatic .
It was a privilege to be part of it , to have somehow in a small way to have helped make it happen .
Semper Fi .
Kelly
Peru Premium Global Web Directory
Peru Premium human edited global web directory .
our directory provides permanent regular and featured links .
All listings are reviewed in real and listed on search engine friendly web pages .
If you 're worried about getting mugged , one way to prepare is to carry a mugger 's wallet .
This is a decoy wallet that you 're prepared to give away , so once it is taken , your real wallet wo n't be in jeopardy of being stolen anymore .
It needs to be realistic enough to convince the muggers that they 've got what they 've after .
Filling your mugger 's wallet with a little cash and some expired IDs is the best way make it seem believable .
Next time you 're at the ATM , you can rest easy that your mugger 's wallet will keep you relatively safe .
The newly discovered vulnerability in using MD5 signatures for SSL certificates has many people wondering about the security of their web sites and the security of other sites they visit on the Internet .
Essentially , the vulnerability could allow an attacker to get an SSL certificate from a certificate authority that signs its certificates with MD5 , and then engineer another certificate with completely different information in the certificate .
In combination with other attacks ( such as a DNS vulnerability like the one that was recently discovered by Dan Kaminsky ) , an attacker could spoof any website on the Internet ( although sites with EV Certificates would be much more difficult if people are looking for the green bar ) .
Because of this , many people are avoiding sites that use an SSL certificate with an MD5 signature .
The SSL Blacklist plugin for Firefox has even been updated to look for MD5 signatures .
An article published by Netcraft reveals that about 14 % of SSL Certificates in use on the Internet use the vulnerable MD5 Algorithm :
Netcraft 's December 2008 SSL
Survey found 135,000 valid third party certificates using MD5 signatures on public web sites , which is around 14 % of the total number of valid SSL certificates in use .
The great majority consist of certificates from RapidSSL ( shown as Equifax on the certiifcate ) .
As of Netcraft 's December survey , all of the 128,000 RapidSSL certificates in use on public sites were signed with MD5 ; there are some much smaller CAs that use MD5 still , and there are a small number of certificates from Thawte and VeriSign , although most of their certificates are signed with the more secure SHA1 .
Other CAs use only SHA1 .
Verisign ( owners of RapidSSL since 2006 ) have stated that they have stopped using MD5 - signing for RapidSSL certificates , and will have phased out MD5 - signing across all their certificate products by the end of January 2009 .
Other affected CAs are likely to follow suit , as SHA1 is well established and is already in use for the majority of SSL certificate signing , so it should be simple to switch to using this more secure alternative .
Once it is impossible to obtain new certificates signed with MD5 , this attack will be neutralised .
The attack requires a collision between newly created certificates — one valid and one fake — deliberately created by the attacker .
As such , there is no particular risk to existing SSL certificates signed with MD5 , and they do not need to be replaced .
VeriSign are nevertheless offering free replacements for customers that want them ; and it is possible that browsers will start to distinguish certificates signed with MD5 so that users can exercise caution , as CERT have issued a vulnerability note suggesting that users could check for this manually .
Even though this vulnerability does n't directly affect sites with certificates that use MD5 signatures , it is recommended that you replace any certificates on your sites that use MD5 with certificates that use more secure algorithms ( such as SHA - 1 ) .
You can check whether a certificate on your site uses an MD5 signature by entering the site name where your SSL certificate is installed below .
Our SSL Checker will display the signature algorithm of each certificate in the chain and warn you if one of them is using MD5 .
Check a Site for MD5 Certificates
Server Hostname : ( e.g. www.google.com)
Check SSL
Originally posted on Sun Jan 4 , 2009
According to research conducted by thinkbroadband.com , there is significant confusion amongst broadband providers not only as to whether they support IP v6 but also as to what it actually is .
Surprising , when you consider that IPv6 has been available since 1998 and much written about - including here on DaniWeb for many years now .
Not surprising , when you consider that only a handful of niche broadband service providers actually support it at the moment .
That did n't stop several of the sales teams at broadband providers from incorrectly claiming to be supporting it though , while others responded with such remarks as " is it Internet Explorer 6 " and " Never been asked , I 'm just looking at Wikipedia right now " .
If that were not bad enough , one broadband ISP replied to the question of IP v6 support with " we support IP version 5 " despite this never having been an official protocol ( we 're currently on IPv4 ) and the absolute classic which would be funnier if it were not so sad of “ is that a TV channel ? ”
Sebastien Lahtinen , co-founder of thinkbroadband.com , says " there is clearly a lot of confusion about IP v6 within the sales and support teams working for many service providers .
We found that very few operators had heard about IPv6 .
The fact is that ISPs should be preparing their customer support teams for queries about IP v6 as consumers become more aware of it and begin to look into how it is going to affect them " .
You might think that ISPs would at least be running IP v6 trials in preparation for the inevitable .
Excuse the multiple coffee - related postings today .
Last one for a long time .
I promise .
In a cost - saving move , Starbucks no longer requires its stores to have brewed Decaf coffee ready - to - serve after 12 noon .
( You can read all the hubbub on Starbucks Gossip here and here . )
Dunkin ' Donuts is again sniping at Starbucks .
This time , Dunkin ' is chiding Starbucks for its cost - savings Decaf decision with a creative print ad that includes this brilliant line , " We do n't work around our schedule , we work around yours . "
( Ouch , Starbucks .
Ouch . )
Kudos to AdFreak for the hook - up .
Do n’t believe me ?
Check this out :
Now just reading what ’s in the can makes me want to puke , but the true horror comes only after reading the nutrition facts on the back label : Cholest .
3500 mg – 1170 % of your daily recommended value .
Yum .
[ Via Geekologie ]
Great Union Pacific Photos
Album created by member Kyle Album Views : 11,598
The best photos of UP .
Love them or hate them , UP has some cool locomotives and runs through awesome scenery .
Unlike many , I 'm a big fan of Vista 's User Account Control .
Truth is , I do n't get a lot of prompts asking me to elevate , and those that I do get are legitimate .
Sure , the implementation is n't perfect ; there are some scenarios that cause a rapid proliferation of prompts that are a little annoying ( such as creating a folder in a protected location in Vista RTM ) , and there are even a few places where it forces elevation unnecessarily , but on the whole I think it 's a good feature .
The basic purpose of UAC is to annoy you when your software needs Admin privileges .
The reason for this is simple : a lot of Windows software demands Admin privileges not because it needs to be privileged for everything it does , but rather because it was the quickest , easiest way for the developer to do some minor task .
For example , games with the PunkBuster anti-cheat system used to demand Administrator privileges so that PunkBuster could update itself and monitor certain system activity .
This was bad design because it meant that the game was then running with Administrator privileges the whole time — so if an exploit for the game 's network code was developed , for example , that exploit would be able to do whatever it liked .
The solution to this kind of problem is to split the application up in one way or another .
In the PunkBuster case , the privileged parts were split into a Windows service ( which has elevated privileges all the time ) , leaving the game itself running as a regular user .
There are a number of other approaches of tackling the same problem , but in general they all require an application to be restructured somewhat so that privileged operations can be separated from non-privileged ones .
As well as this " annoyance " role , UAC also provides a warning when software unexpectedly tries to elevate its privileges .
UAC has heuristics to detect applications that " look like " installers , and it also traps important system utilities like Registry Editor .
Though Microsoft has cited this kind of behavior as a benefit of UAC , the company has also said that UAC is not a " security boundary . "
That is to say , if a malicious program figures out a way of elevating without a UAC prompt ( or by tricking the user into agreeing to the UAC prompt ) then that 's not a security vulnerability .
If you want real security with UAC you have to run as a regular user and enter a username and password to elevate — the Admin approval click - through mode ( the mode that 's the default for the first user account created on any Vista system ) is not intended to be secure .
The winds of change are blowing
Why bring this up ?
Well , first of all , Windows 7 brings some changes to UAC to try to reduce the number of prompts that Administrators see .
The basic idea is that if you make a change through one of the normal Windows configuration mechanisms — Control Panel , Registry Editor , MMC — then you do n't get a prompt asking you to elevate .
Instead , the system silently and automatically elevates for you .
Third party software will still trigger a prompt ( to provide the warning / notification that it 's raising its privileges ) , but the built - in tools wo n't .
In this way , you do n't get asked to confirm deliberate modifications to the system ; the prompts are only for unexpected changes .
In my na�vet � I initially assumed that perhaps the differentiation was made according to where the action initiated ; keyboard and mouse input ( i.e. , user actions ) rather than something more simplistic like trusting particular applications .
After all , the computer knows that a keystroke or mouse click originated in the hardware ( because a driver gets to handle it ) , so it can easily tell what 's real and what 's not .
A trusted application , however , could be started up by a malicious program and made to do bad things .
So surely that was n't the route Redmond chose ?
It turns out that is indeed the route Redmond chose .
For a number of years now , Microsoft has attached digital signatures to the programs and libraries that make up Windows ; these signatures allow you to verify that a program did indeed come from Microsoft just by looking at the program 's properties .
In Windows 7 , most programs with Microsoft signatures are trusted by UAC and wo n't cause a prompt .
Instead , they just silently elevate .
Unfortunately , Microsoft has n't done anything to resolve the problem with this approach — trusted applications can be tricked into doing bad things .
A few programs such as cmd.exe , PowerShell , and Windows Scripting Host do n't auto - elevate ( because they 're designed to run user code , rather than operating system code ) , but they 're the exception .
Everything else elevates , and is vulnerable to being abused .
This was noticed a last week by Long Zheng at I Started Something .
Together with Rafael Rivera , he put together an exploit for this silent elevation .
The exploit programmatically passed keystrokes to an Explorer window , navigating to the UAC Control Panel , and setting the slider to disabled .
Because Explorer is trusted , changing the setting does n't cause a prompt .
Instead , UAC is silently disabled .
Sending keystrokes is a bit crude , so a second attack was developed .
This second attack was more flexible ; instead of merely disabling UAC , it allowed any code to run elevated without prompting the user .
It does this by using a Windows program called rundll 32 .
rundll32 has been part of Windows for a long time ; its purpose is , as the name might imply , to allow DLLs to be run , almost as if they were normal programs .
The exploit simply puts the malicious code into a DLL and tells rundll 32 to run it .
rundll32 is trusted , so it elevates automatically .
Together , these attacks mean that Windows 7's default UAC configuration is virtually worthless .
Silently bypassing the prompts and acquiring Administrator privileges is as easy as putting code into a DLL .
Windows Vista does n't have a problem , because it does n't trust any programs ; the problems are purely due to the changes Microsoft has made to UAC in the name of convenience in Windows 7 .
Dismissing instead of fixing
Given the importance of security and UAC , one might expect Microsoft to take note of this problem and do something to fix it .
Unfortunately , the company 's first response was to dismiss the behavior as happening " by design . "
Given the importance of security and UAC , one might expect Microsoft to take note of this problem and do something to fix it .
Unfortunately , the company 's first response was to dismiss the behavior as happening " by design . "
Redmond says that , because UAC is n't a security boundary , it does n't matter if silent elevation occurs ; it 's not a vulnerability .
UAC is only there to keep legitimate software authors honest , not to stop malware .
After the second exploit was disclosed , on Thursday a company representative made a lengthy blog post reiterating that UAC is not a security boundary and that the behavior is by design — it 's awfully convenient , you see , so it does n't matter if it 's actually useful as a security measure .
In essence , the argument Microsoft has made is that if a user runs malicious programs as an Administrator and those programs do malicious things , that 's not a security flaw , because the user ran the programs as an Administrator , and an Administrator is allowed — by design — to do things that can break the system .
What this argument misses is that , until elevated , the malicious program can't do all the nasty things that malicious programs tend to do ; it can't modify system files , make itself run on startup , disable anti-virus , or anything like that .
Choosing to run a program without elevation is not consent to running it elevated .
Maybe this needs to be fixed after all
Things then took a turn for the weird .
A second post was made admitting that , well , the company had " messed up " with the first post , in two ways .
First and foremost , the new UAC behavior is badly designed ; second , the whole issue was badly communicated by the company .
The Windows 7 team will change the UAC behavior from that currently seen in the beta to address the first flaw .
This fix wo n't be released for the current beta , though , and we 'll have to wait until the Release Candidate or even RTM before we can see it in action .
When fixed , the UAC control panel will be different in two important ways .
It will be a high integrity process — which will prevent normal processes from sending simulated keystrokes to it — and changes to the UAC setting will all require a UAC confirmation , even if the current setting does not otherwise require it .
Though this will resolve the first exploit , it looks like it will have no impact on the second , and since the second exploit was the more useful anyway ( as it can be used to do anything , not just change the UAC setting ) , this fix does n't seem extensive enough .
There is some irony in Microsoft 's behavior to use a trusted executable model ; the company knows damn well that trusted executables are n't safe , and uses this very argument to justify the UAC behavior in Vista .
In short , trusting executables is a poor policy , because so many executables can be encouraged to run arbitrary code .
There is some irony in Microsoft 's behavior to use a trusted executable model ; the company knows damn well that trusted executables are n't safe , and uses this very argument to justify the UAC behavior in Vista .
A system using trusted executables will only be secure if all of those executables are unable to run arbitrary code ( either deliberately or through exploitation ) .
That clearly is n't the case in Windows 7 ; rundll32's express purpose is to run arbitrary code !
Removing the auto - elevation from rundll 32 may be unpalatable , too .
While non-elevating programs like Windows Scripting Host and PowerShell are used predominantly for user code , rundll32 is used mainly for operating system code .
Removing its ability to elevate would , therefore , reintroduce some of the prompts that Windows 7 is trying to avoid .
And even if rundll32 lost its ability to elevate automatically , there are almost certain to be other trusted programs that can be abused in a similar way .
So , in spite of the most recent blog post , this remains a poorly - designed feature .
UAC is now only as strong as the weakest auto - elevating program .
It equally remains poorly communicated .
Fundamentally , the defense that UAC is not a security boundary just does n't cut the mustard .
Microsoft sells UAC as providing " heightened security " , as a way of limiting the " potential damage " that malware can do .
To then argue that users should not , in fact , expect UAC to keep them secure is insulting .
Moreover , even if the purpose of UAC is just to keep application writers honest , these exploits mean it fails to achieve even that .
The simple fact is that it 's a lot easier to restructure an application to make it use rundll32 to automatically elevate than it is to do things the Right Way .
The unscrupulous or lazy software vendor who just wants to do the simplest thing possible to make the prompts go away will surely prefer that option to actually fixing their application .
As someone who thinks that UAC is a good idea , these efforts to undermine it are terribly disappointing .
As things currently stand , Windows 7 's default UAC settings render it pointless in Admin approval mode , as it's so trivially bypassed .
It might as well be turned off completely for all the good it does .
To break a security feature — boundary or no boundary , it 's sold as a security feature , it acts like a security feature , so I 'm certainly going to treat it as a security feature — for the sake of convenience is a grave mistake .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Pentagon will lift its ban on media coverage of the flag - draped coffins of war victims arriving at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Thursday .
Military vehicles carry coffins containing U.S. troops in this photo the Pentagon released in 2005 .
But the families of the victims will have the final say on whether to allow the coverage , he said .
President Obama asked Gates to review the policy , and Gates said he decided after consulting with the armed services and groups representing military families to apply the same policy that is used at Arlington National Cemetery .
" I have decided that the decision regarding media coverage of the dignified transfer process at Dover should be made by those most directly affected -- the families , " he said at a news conference .
Watch Gates announce reversal »
Gates said he had formed a group to create an implementation plan for the new policy .
Not long after Gates ' announcement , the political action committee VoteVets.org issued a written statement saying it is " fully supportive " of the decision .
Watch what led to a media ban on photos of the caskets »
Advocates of opening the base to coverage point out that the unmarked coffins make it impossible to identify specific remains .
A statement from the National Military Family Association said it " appreciates the sensitivity " of the secretary " and his recognition that individual families must play a part " in any decision about media coverage .
" We look forward to the recommendations of the working group on the implementation of this policy , " the group said .
Do n't Miss Policy review of war dead coverage nears end
Not everyone had a positive reaction .
" Military Families United is disappointed in the president 's decision to overturn the ban that has been in place for over 18 years , " the group said in a release .
" Just last week , Families United released the results of a survey conducted among military families , which found that more than 64 percent ... believe that this ban should not be overturned .
It is evident that military families were not consulted nor their wishes honored when the decision was made .
" This is a complete disregard for the will of America 's military families and their need for privacy during this solemn moment , " the release said .
After the Iraq War began , critics of the George W. Bush administration accused it of disallowing photographs and filming to de-emphasize the number of casualties from what many considered an unpopular war .
Although the Defense Department wo n't confirm it , it is widely accepted that the idea for the ban began after the December 1989 U.S. invasion of Panama , when the United States deposed dictator Manuel Noriega .
After a news conference held by President George H.W. Bush , his press secretary made a humorous remark , which caused the president and reporters to laugh .
At the same time , viewers were watching coffins of the first casualties from the invasion being unloaded at Dover .
The following year , when the Persian Gulf War began , the Pentagon banned media coverage of war dead being returned to the base .
One of the family members who favors lifting the ban is Karen Meredith of San Francisco , California , who wrote Obama urging him to order the change .
Lt. Ken Ballard left for Iraq on Mother 's Day 2003 .
He came home in a casket on Memorial Day 2004 .
" I wanted the nation to grieve with me , and if we do n't see those images we do n't know that these young men and women are dying , " she said .
" And to me it 's an honor to have an honor guard at Dover when they 're bringing these men and women back through the mortuary .
But we 've never been able to see those pictures of the honor being given . "
Others say the honor should remain private .
" When they come off the plane these are anonymous caskets .
What is the greater good of that ? " asked Vince Rangel , who was an Army Ranger captain in Vietnam .
" I would rather take that attention and give it everything it deserves at the grave site in the communities where you can get all that information , so people can understand these people as human beings .
Not just as a flag - draped casket that comes out of a plane . "
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said about two weeks ago that a good deal of input needed to be collected from a number of sources , including Pentagon offices representing family interests , the Defense Department 's public affairs office and the various service branches .
CNN 's Barbara Starr and Susan Roesgen contributed to this report .
All About The Pentagon • Dover Air Force Base • Iraq War
It seems that leaders of the Religious Right are tired of being associated with the Religious Right because nobody likes the Religious Right .
Unfortunately for them , they are the Religious Right and that is what we are going to keep calling them , especially now that they are saying we should stop calling them that :
[ S] everal politically conservative evangelicals said in interviews that they do not want to be identified with the “ Religious Right , ” “ Christian Right , ” “ Moral Majority , ” or other phrases still thrown around in journalism and academia .
“ There is an ongoing battle for the vocabulary of our debate , ” said Gary Bauer , president of American Values .
“ It amazes me how often in public discourse really pejorative phrases are used , like the ‘ American Taliban , ’ ‘ fundamentalists , ’ ‘ Christian fascists , ’ and ‘ extreme Religious Right . ’ “ … Gary Schneeberger , vice president of media and public relations for Focus on the Family , said that when writers include terms like “ Religious Right ” and “ fundamentalist , ” they can create negative impressions .
“ Terms like ‘ Religious Right ’ have been traditionally used in a pejorative way to suggest extremism , ” Schneeberger said .
“ The phrase ‘ socially conservative evangelicals ’ is not very exciting , but that ’s certainly the way to do it . ” …
[ M ] any groups would rather distance themselves from the Religious Right , even though they may agree on several political issues .
Richard Land said he corrects numerous reporters who call him a leader of the Religious Right , explaining that he represents a group of Southern Baptists who would probably consider themselves conservative evangelicals .
“ When the so - called ‘ Religious Right ’ agrees with us , we applaud their good taste and good judgment , ” said Land , who is president of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission for the Southern Baptist Convention .
Some phrases need to be eliminated from journalists ’ vocabulary entirely , he said .
“ Until Tony Perkins or Jim Dobson puts a pistol on the table and threatens to kill someone , they should n’t be called ayatollah of the Right or the Jihadists of the Right . ” …
Organizational leaders like Tony Perkins of Family Research Council want a term that includes other religious groups like Catholics , Jews , and Mormons so that they can see themselves as fighting for the same cause .
“ It ’s not accurate to say that the Christian Right or the Religious Right is simply a narrow slice of evangelicals , ” Perkins said .
“ Will everyone identify themselves as part of the Religious Right ?
No , but they do share a portion of values . ”
If the phrase “ Religious Right ” has negative connotations , it probably stems primarily from the fact that the people who have traditionally represented the Religious Right have caused it to , you know , have negative connotations .
When people like Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson go on television and blame the 9/11 attacks on “ pagans , and the abortionists , and the feminists , and the gays and the lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle , the ACLU , People For the American Way , [ and ] all of them who have tried to secularize America , ” that is the sort of thing that tends to create negative impressions about the Religious Right .
And even if they were called “ socially conservative evangelicals , ” this type of rhetoric would still create negative impressions about the term “ socially conservative evangelicals ” … and then “ socially conservative evangelicals ” would be telling everyone to stop calling them “ socially conservative evangelicals . ”
You see , it is not the term that it is problem – it is the Religious Right ’s agenda and rhetoric .
[ whatwg ]
Trying to work out the problems solved by RDFa
One of the outstanding issues for HTML5 is the question of whether HTML5 should solve the problem that RDFa solves , e.g. by embedding RDFa straight into HTML5 , or by some other method .
Before I can determine whether we should solve this problem , and before I can evaluate proposals for solving this problem , I need to learn what the problem is .
Earlier this year , there was a thread on RDFa on the WHATWG list .
Very little of the thread focused on describing the problem .
This e-mail is an attempt to work out what the problem is based on that feedback , on discussions at the recent TPAC , and on other research I have done .
On Mon , 25 Aug 2008 , Manu Sporny wrote : > Ian Hickson wrote : > >
I have no idea what problem RDFa is trying to solve .
I have no idea > > what the requirements are .
> >
Web browsers currently do not understand the meaning behind human > statements or concepts on a web page .
If web browsers could understand > that a particular page was describing a piece of music , a movie , an > event , a person or a product , the browser could then help the user find > more information about the particular item in question .
It would help > automate the browsing experience .
Not only would the browsing experience > be improved , but search engine indexing quality would be better due to a > spider 's ability to understand the data on the page with more accuracy .
Let 's see if I can rephrase that in terms of requirements .
*
Web browsers should be able to help users find information related to the items that page they are looking at discusses .
* Search engines should be able to determine the contents of pages with more accuracy than today .
Is that right ?
Are those the only requirements / problems that RDFa is attempting to address ?
If not , what other requirements are there ? >
The Microformats community has done a remarkable job of working on the > web semantics problem , creating several different methods of expressing > common human concepts ( contact information ( hCard ) , events ( hCalendar ) , > and audio recordings ( hAudio ) ) .
Right ; with Microformats , each Microformat has its own problem space and thus each one can be evaluated separately .
It is much harder to evaluate something when the problem space is as generic as it appears RDFa 's is . >
The results of the first set of Microformats efforts were some pretty > cool applications , like the following one demonstrating how a web > browser could forward event information from your PC web browser to your > phone via Bluetooth : > >
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azoNnLoJi-4
It 's a technically very interesting application .
What has the adoption rate been like ?
How does it compare to other solutions to the problem , like CalDav , iCal , or Microsoft Exchange ?
Do people publish calendar events much ?
There are a lot of Web - based calendar systems , like MobileMe or WebCalendar .
Do people expose data on their Web page that can be used to import calendar data to these systems ? >
Here is another demonstration of how one could use music metadata > embedded in a web page to find more information about your favorite > band : > >
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPWNgZ4peuI
There are two main demos in that video .
The first one shows a way to solve the problem of getting all the sample tracks from a bitmunk page .
Here are the steps that the video shows : * Go to the bitmunk Web page .
* Notice that the Web page has a music note icon in the location bar .
* Click that icon , and then select the album from the drop down menu .
* Click the " Get Sample " button on the auto - generated dialog .
Here are the steps that users do today to solve the same problem : * Go to the bitmunk Web page .
* Click the " Play all samples " link .
The second demo shows how to solve the problem of getting data out of a poorly written page .
However , the example seems contrived ; why would an author manage to write accurate RDFa statements but fail so utterly to write a usable Web page otherwise ?
Also , the example goes on to show how given some RDFa , one can do a custom search on another site without having to type in any search keywords .
But that is already possible without RDFa ; for example , one can select any text on Mac OS X and search for that string in Google ( [ Start Wearing Purple ] returns a number of hits for lyrics , videos , tabs , etc about the song ; [ Start Wearing Purple Gogol ] returns even more ) .
IE8 has even more detailed features along these lines : select some text and you get an " accelerator " menu which can be extended to include whatever searches or tools you want to use .
So it 's not clear that RDFa solves this particular problem better than other existing solutions , and in particular , it is not clear that in the case actually put forwards by that video -- namely , a poorly written page -- that RDFa would be able to solve the problem at all , whereas the other solutions of today would not be hampered by poor markup . > or how one could use movie metadata on a web page to find more > information about a movie : > >
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVGD9HQloDI
The problems shown in that video -- finding out more about a movie -- can already be solved today with just as much success simply by using search engines .
Indeed search engines will typically do a better job -- not only do they not need any additional markup to be usable , but they are n't hard - coded to particular sites , so if a particular movie is better represented by a Wikipedia page , that will be shown , but if IMDB does a better job of another , that will be returned instead .
The user does n't have to guess which site to use , and the browser does n't have to have a near - infinite list of Web sites for each topic , instead , only general purpose search engines need be supported .
>
The Mozilla Labs Aurora demos also show that semantic web markup is > necessary in order to execute upon some of the ideas demonstrated in > their future browsers project : [...]
I do n't agree that these videos show that any special markup is necessary beyond things like < table > .
The majority of the solutions proposed in that video actually boil down to exposing APIs , not data ; the data that is manipiulated tends to be in the form of raw data , not annotations on Web pages .
Thus the technical solutions that would address the problems suggested by the Aurora series would probably argue more for dedicated data formats , with mechanisms for publishing and subscribing to URIs based on the APIs they provide , rather than anything like Microformats or RDFa .
( Also , I 'd want to see usability studies on these ideas before really basing anything in HTML5 on them . ) >
In short , RDFa addresses the problem of a lack of a standardized > semantics expression mechanism in HTML family languages .
A standardized semantics expression mechanism is a solution .
The lack of a solution is n't a problem description .
What 's the problem that a standardized semantics expression mechanism solves ?
>
RDFa not only enables the use cases described in the videos listed > above , but all use cases that struggle with enabling web browsers and > web spiders understand the context of the current page .
It would be helpful if we could list these use cases clearly and in detail so that we could evaluate the solutions proposed against them .
Here 's a list of the use cases and requirements so far in this e-mail : * Web browsers should be able to help users find information related to the items that page they are looking at discusses .
* Search engines should be able to determine the contents of pages with more accuracy than today .
* Exposing calendar events so that users can add those events to their calendaring systems .
* Exposing music samples on a page so that a user can listen to all the samples .
* Getting data out of poorly written Web pages , so that the user can find more information about the page 's contents .
*
Finding more information about a movie when looking at a page about the movie , when the page contains detailed data about the movie .
Can we list some more use cases ?
Here are some other questions that I would like the answers to so that I can better understand what is being proposed here :
Does it make sense to solve all these problems with the same syntax ?
What are the disadvantanges of doing so ?
What are the advantages ?
What is the opportunity cost of encouraging everyone to expose data in the same way ?
What is the cost of having different data use specialised formats ?
Do publishers actually want to use a common data format ?
How have past efforts in creating data formats fared ?
Are enough data providers actually willing to expose their data in a machine readable manner for this to be truly useful ?
If data providers will be willing to expose their data as RDFa , why are they not already exposing their data in machine - readable form today ?
-
For example , why does n't Amazon expose a CSV file of your usage history , or an Atom feed of the comments for each product , or an hProduct annotated form of their product data ?
( Or do they ?
And if so , do we know if users use this data ? ) -
As another example , why does n't Craigslist like their data being reused in mashups ?
Would they be willing to allow their users to reuse their data in these new and exciting ways , or would they go out of their way to prevent the data from being accessible as soon as a critical mass of users started using it ?
-
Would the people contributing to Wikipedia be willing to annotate their edits using a structured data annotation syntax ?
Would they understand what this meant ?
If not , is the DBpedia enough ?
What will the licensing situation be like for this data ?
Will the licenses allow for the reuse being proposed to solve the problems and use cases listed above ?
How are Web browsers going to expose user interfaces to answer user questions ?
Can only previously configured , hard - coded questions be asked , or will Web browsers be able to answer arbitrary free - form questions from users using the data exposed by RDFa ?
How are Web browsers that expose this data going to handle data that is not exposed in the same format ?
For example , if a site exposes data in JSON or CSV format rather than RDFa , will that data be available to the user in the same way ?
What data will a user be able to interact with ?
The examples above did n't really show any data that the user could n't access now just using HTML without any help from the Web browser ; are we expecting Web browsers to start exposing more data than that ?
What will the interface be for this data ?
How will that interface be generated ?
Is that interface usable ?
What is the expected strategy to fight spam in these systems ?
Is it expected that user agents will just collect data in the background ?
If so , how are user agents expected to distinguish between pages that have reliable data and pages that expose data that is misleading or wrong ?
- Systems like Yahoo !
Search and Live Search expend extraordinary amounts of resources on spam fighting technology ; such technology would not be accessible to Web browsers unless they interacted with anti-spam services much like browsers today interact with anti-phishing services .
Yet anti-phishing services have been controversial , since they involve exposing the user 's browsing history to third parties ; anti-spam services would be a significantly greater problem due to the vastly greater level of spamming compared to phishing .
What is the solution proposed to tackle this problem ? -
Even with a mechanism to distinguish trusted sites from spammy sites , how would Web browsers deal with trusted sites that have been subject to spamming attacks ?
This is common , for instance , on blogs or wikis .
These are not rhetorical questions , and I do n't know the answers to them .
We need detailed answers to all those questions before we can really evaluate the various proposals that have been made here .
On Tue , 26 Aug 2008 , Ben Adida wrote : > >
Here 's one example .
This is not the only way that RDFa can be helpful , > but it should help make things more concrete : > >
http://developer.yahoo.com/searchmonkey/ > >
Using semantic markup in HTML ( microformats and , soon , RDFa ) , you , as a > publisher , can choose to surface more relevant information straight into >
Yahoo search results .
This does n't seem to require RDFa or any generic data syntax at all .
Since the system is site - specific anyway ( you have to list the URLs you wish to act against ) , the same kind of mechanism could be done by just extracting the data straight out of the page .
This would have the advantage of working with any Web page without requiring the page to be written using a particular syntax .
However , if SearchMonkey is an example of a use case , then we should determine the requirements for this feature .
It seems , based on reading the documentation , that it basically boils down to : * Pages should be able to expose nested lists of name - value pairs on a page - by - page basis .
*
It should be possible to define globally - unique names , but the syntax should be optimised for a set of predefined vocabularies .
* Adding this data to a page should be easy .
*
The syntax for adding this data should encourage the data to remain accurate when the page is changed .
*
The syntax should be resilient to intentional copy - and - paste authoring : people copying data into the page from a page that already has data should not have to know about any declarations far from the data .
*
The syntax should be resilient to unintentional copy - and - paste authoring : people copying markup from the page who do not know about these features should not inadvertently mark up their page with inapplicable data .
Are there any other requirements that we can derive from SearchMonkey ?
In the context of interacting with Amazon : On Tue , 26 Aug 2008 , Manu Sporny wrote : > >
1 . " Computer , find more information on this artist . " > >
2 . " Computer , find the cheapest price for this musical track . " > >
3 . " Computer , find a popular blog talking about this album . " > >
4 . " Computer , what other artists has this artist worked with ? " > >
5 . " Computer , is this a popular track ? "
How does the computer expose the UI for these questions ?
Is it free - form , natural language queries ?
Can you show me an example of software that my partner could use which would allow my partner to ask the computer these questions ? >
Without some form a semantic markup , the computer cannot answer any of > those questions for the user .
That 's not true .
I can do # 1 and # 3 trivially using a Google search ; I can do # 5 trivially by just looking at the Amazon page itself .
# 2 can be done with a product search on any number of product search engines , and I 'm not at all convinced that what has been described so far for RDFa could actually answer that question anyway ( if it could , could you please walk me through the exact steps by which the computer would find an answer ? ) .
I do n't know how I would answer # 4 today ( for movies I would use IMDB 's specialised search ) ; how would an RDFa Web browser be able to answer that question ? >
6 . " Computer , I 'd like to go to see this movie this week , what times is > it playing at the Megaplex 30 that does n't conflict with my events in > my Google Calendar ? "
Is this something that people want to do ?
I asked my partner sitting next to me and the reply was that while they often check sites for movie show times , they had n't considered asking the computer to avoid clashes with calendar events -- they would just have the calendar open and not pick a clashing time .
I personally would tend to do the same thing -- my calendar is full of things that can be moved around , and I would n't expect the computer to know how much time I would need around my other events to make it from them to the movie theatre .
Is this something that computers will be able to expose in a generic way ?
It 's certainly possible technically for a computer with all the relevant information to answer that question , but how do we expect this question to be exposed to the user ?
How do we expect the computer to gather the relevant information ?
Is the constraint to be solved by the user 's Web browser or by one of the sites involved ? > >
It would be helpful if you could walk me through some examples of what > >
UI you are envisaging in terms of " helping the user find more > > information " . > >
A first cut at a UI can be found in the Fuzzbot demo videos : > >
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPWNgZ4peuI >
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVGD9HQloDI > >
However , it 's rough and we have spent a total of 4 days on the UI for > expressing semantics on a page .
Operator is another example of a UI that > does semantics detection and display now : > >
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kjp4BaJOd0M
> > [ and see also Aurora ]
If we are to add this feature to HTML , we need to have clear evidence that this is not still at the research project stage .
We do n't add features because we think that one day maybe people will be able to use them ; we add features once they have been proved to be workable and proved to be useful .
This is n't meant as any kind of slight against RDFa , in fact , it is intended to safeguard against the feature becoming unusable .
The problem is that if we expose a feature widely before the state of the art is able to take advantage of it , that the majority of the usage will end up being bogus and wrong , which will poison the feature and basically mean we can never use it .
As an example of this , see longdesc= " " on the < img > element -- because it was not widely exposed , pages that use it are almost uniformly using it in a pointless or wrong way .
The result is that the feature is basically unusable and we 've had to drop it in HTML5 .
If RDFa is n't ready for primetime -- which it seems it is n't , if the UI aspect is so immature , as you suggest -- then it is in RDFa 's best interests to not have RDFa see wide deployment yet .
> >
Why is Safari's " select text and then right click to search on Google " > > not good enough ? > >
The browser has no understanding of the text in that approach .
This is a > fundamental difference between a regular web page and one that contains > embedded semantics .
The computer does n't know how to deal with the > plain - text example in any particular way ... other than asking the user >
" What should I do with this amorphous blob of text you just > highlighted ? "
Right , but it still seems to work pretty well .
Why does the computer need to know how to deal with plain text if Google does search a good job ?
( Or any other search engine , I only single out Google here because it's the one that Mac OS X exposes . )
Look at IE8's " accelerators " -- they work on unstructured plain text , yet they seem to work just fine . >
A page with semantics allows the browser to , in the very least , give the > user an option of web services / sites that match the type of data being > manipulated .
In practice , it seems users interact with few enough services that just exposing them all all the time works reasonably well .
Exposing them all has another advantage , which is that if the page is n't marked up with these annotations , it all still works -- the user does n't need to hope the album title is marked up as such , they just highlight the album title and invoke their " music search " accelerator . > >
Have any usability studies been made to test these ideas ?
( For > > example , paper prototype usability studies ? )
What were the results ? > >
Yes / maybe to the first two questions - there is frequent feedback to >
Mike Kaply and us on how to improve the UIs for Operator and Fuzzbot , > respectively .
I do n't mean feedback ; I mean actual actual usability studies with inexperienced users done by a usability researcher .
>
However - the UI ideas are quite different from the fundamental concept > of marking up semantic data .
While we can talk about the UIs and dream a > little , it will be very hard to get to the UI stage unless there is some > way to express semantics in HTML5 .
I disagree ; it 's far easier to fake the data and to experiment with the UI aspect than it is to fake the UI and experiment with the data aspect .
Without the state of the art on the UI side being something we expect users to understand and use , and without it being something that actually exposes the ability to ask the questions that are being used to justify adding these features , we really should n't add the data side -- because then how can we know if the data side is actually what we need ? >
As for the results , those are ongoing .
People are downloading and using > Operator and Fuzzbot .
My guess is that they are being used mostly as a > curiosity at this point - no REAL work is getting done using those > plug-ins since the future is uncertain for web semantics .
It always is > until a standard is finalized and a use for that standard is identified . >
These are the early days , however - nobody is quite sure what the ideal > user experience is yet .
This is backwards from how most features are being added to HTML5 -- take < video > , for instance , which was widely implemented using Flash before we added the feature to HTML5 ; or < datagrid > , which had a number of implementations in JavaScript before we considered adding it to HTML5 . >
No amount of polishing is going to turn the steaming pile of web > semantics that we have today into the semantic web that we know can > exist with the proper architecture in place .
Do we _know_ it can exist , or do we _hope_ it can exist ?
It takes more than architecture to get something like this usefully deployed ; we also need buy - in from authors , for instance . > >>
Not only would the browsing experience be improved , but search engine > >> indexing quality would be better due to a spider 's ability to > >> understand the data on the page with more accuracy .
> > > >
This I can speak to directly , since I work for a search engine and > > have learnt quite a bit about how it works .
> > > >
I do n't think more metadata is going to improve search engines .
In > > practice , metadata is so highly gamed that it can not be relied upon .
> >
In fact , search engines probably already " understand " pages with far > > more accuracy than most authors will ever be able to express .
> >
You are correct , more erroneous metadata is not going to improve search > engines .
More / accurate / metadata , however , IS going to improve search > engines .
Nobody is going to argue that the system could not be gamed .
I > can guarantee that it will be gamed .
> >
However , that 's the reality that we have to live with when introducing > any new web - based technology .
It will be mis-used , abused and corrupted . >
The question is , will it do more good than harm ?
In the case of RDFa > / and/ Microformats , we do think it will do more good than harm .
For search engines , I am not convinced .
Google 's experience is that natural language processing of the actual information seen by the actual end user is far , far more reliable than any source of metadata .
Thus from Google 's perspective , investing in RDFa seems like a poorer investment than investing in natural language processing .
>
We have put a great deal of thought into anti-gaming strategies for > search engines with regards to the semantic web .
Most of them follow the > same principles that Google , Yahoo and others use to prevent link - based > and keyword - based gaming strategies .
Could you elaborate on this ? >
What I , and many others in the semantic web communities , do think is > that there are a number of compelling use cases for a method of semantic > expression in HTML .
I think documenting those use cases would be a more > effective use of everybody 's time .
What are your thoughts on that > strategy ?
I think that would be very helpful . > >>
If we are to automate the browsing experience and deliver a more > >> usable web experience , we must provide a mechanism for describing , > >> detecting and processing semantics .
> > > >
This statement seems obvious , but actually I disagree with it .
It is > > not the case the providing a mechanism for describing , detecting , and > > processing semantics is the only way to let browsers understand the > > meaning behind human statements or concepts on a web page .
In fact , I > > would argue it's not even the the most plausible solution .
> > > >
A mechanism for describing , detecting , and processing semantics ; that > > is , new syntax , new vocabularies , new authoring requirements , > > fundamentally relies on authors actually writing the information using > > this new syntax . > >
I do n't believe it does - case in point : My Space , Facebook , Flickr , > Google Maps , Google Calendar , LinkedIn .
Those are all examples of > websites where the users do n't write a bit of code , but instead use > interfaces to add people , places , events , photos , locations and a > complex web of links between each concept without writing any code .
The authors of those sites ( the people at those companies ) still have to actually expose that information using the new syntax .
>
Neither RDFa nor Microformats force authors to use the new syntax or > vocabularies if they do not want to do so .
If the author does n't care > about semantics , they do n't have to use the RDFa - specific properties .
If they do n't , then we have n't solved the problem of letting browsers understand the meaning behind human statements or concepts on that page .
> >
If there 's anything we can learn from the Web today , however , it is > > that authors will reliably output garbage at the syntactic level .
They > > misuse HTML semantics and syntax uniformly ( to the point where 90 % + of > > pages are invalid in some way ) .
Use of metadata mechanisms is at a > > pitifully low level , and when used is inaccurate ( Content - Type headers > > for non-HTML data and character encoding declarations for all text > > types are both widely wrong , to the point where browsers have > > increasingly complex heuristics to work around the errors ) .
Even > > " successful " formats for metadata publishing like hCard have woefully > > low penetration .
> >
Yes , I agree with you on all points .
> > >
Yet , for us to automate the browsing experience by having computers > > understand the Web , for us to have search engines be significantly > > more accurate by understanding pages , the metadata has to be > > widespread , detailed , and reliable . > >
I agree that it has to be reliable , but not that the metadata has to be > widespread or that detailed .
If it does n't have to be widespread or detailed , then why do we need to support it in HTML5 ?
If our target audience is only authors who do the right thing , then an embedded block of n3 is quite adequate . >
The use cases that are enabled by merely having the type and title of a > creative work are profound .
Could you elaborate on these ?
I have yet to see any profound use cases solved by exposing that data . >
I can go into detail on this as well , if this community would like to > hear about it ?
Yes , please .
What problems are solved is the most important information to have to be able to evaluate the solutions .
>
Getting past the inherent greed and evilness of hostile authors is > something that many standards on the web deal with - how is HTML5 or > XHTML2 going to deal with hostile authors ?
Blackhat SEOs ?
People that > do n't know better ?
HTML5 has quite an elaborate security model to deal with hostile content .
I can discuss the mechanisms used for each feature if you like , but basically each feature is designed around the various attack models we can imagine .
We 've rejected several feature on the basis that they can't be made secure against hostile authors . >
If the standards we are creating need to get past the inherent greed and > evilness of a small minority of the world , then we are all surely > doomed .
It is a good thing that most of us are optimists here , otherwise > nothing like HTML5 would have ever been started in the first place !
We have to be realistic as well as optimistic .
Richard Feynman once said " For a successful technology , reality must take precedence over public relations , for Nature cannot be fooled " .
The same applies here , though replacing public relations with optimism .
-- Ian Hickson U+1047E ) \._.,--...., ' `` . fL http://ln.hixie.ch/
U+263A / , _.. \ _\ ; `._ , .
Things that are impossible just take longer .
`._.-( , _..'--( , _..'`-.;.'
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Howard Dean , a practicing physician before entering politics , was under consideration by the Obama administration for the post of U.S. surgeon general , CNN reported Friday .
Dean , who recently wrapped up a four - year term as Democratic Party chairman , has been a supporter of health reform , and has privately made clear that he is interested in the job , according to the cable network .
CNN said two White House officials noted that , while it is too early to compile a list of candidates for surgeon general , they did not rule out Dean getting the job .
“ I would not dismiss it , ” one of the White House officials said of the possibility that Dean will be selected .
CNN medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta
Thursday withdrew his name from consideration for the post to focus more on his family and career as a surgeon .
The surgeon general leads the 6,000 - member commissioned corps of the U.S. Public Health Service and is the top federal government spokesman on matters of public health .
From the ' knowledge is power ' files :
WASHINGTON .
Black
Hat events are often times when new security exploits are reported and discussed .
For me this year , at the Black Hat DC event which kicks off tomorrow ( for the Briefings , training is on today ) , I see a lot of reasons to be very optimistic .
Sure there is a talk about how to hack satellites that could gravitate towards the pessimistic side , and there is a talk about new techniques for defeating SSL --
but overall the talks here this year that will in my view yield improvements in security .
Renowned database security research David Litchfield is talking about how to identify a compromised Oracle Database server .
Dan Kaminsky ( yes that Kaminsky ) is back talking about DNS ( he did save the Internet after all ) and I expect his talk will yield some interesting observations about the current state of DNS security .
Flash which is an often attacked but not well understood technology from a security perspective also gets some Black Hat attention in a session where researcher Rajakta Jagdale will highlight the issues and provide mitigation techniques .
From a pro-active perspective , researcher Ryan Barret is going to talk about how to use Web Application Firewalls ( WAFs ) to help mitigate all types of threats while Peter Silberman is going to turn Snort IDS ( Intrusion Detection System ) signatures on their ear to detect issues in host memory .
Sure there are always a few items that emerge from any Black
Hat event that could be causes for concern , but with new tools and new techniques to mitigate and protect users against risk - the only true risk is ignorance .
I for one am optimistic that I 'll be safer once Black Hat DC is over .
There has been a lot of talk in the media about video games , obviously .
Some of the worst of this talk says certain games should be banned as they do n’t uphold the values a particular group thinks they should .
Other versions say that games cause people to become murderers .
I ’m sure all gamers here are familiar with this talk .
I ’m not going to address this any further , as I think there ’s little hope for convincing these people otherwise through my site , and there are groups working on getting this issue dealt with already .
What I want to focus on are another group of people .
These people recognize our right to play whatever games we want , assuming we are of an appropriate age .
They also recognize the rights of minors to play games their parents deem acceptable , even if said games are generally not approved for minors .
Finally , they recognize the right of game developers to create games of all kinds , and that it ’s a parent ’s job to raise their children , not society ’s .
So far , so good .
This is great progress from where we used to be .
However , there is still an issue that needs to be addressed among some , though not all , of these people .
That is the bias they still hold towards more “ traditional ” forms of entertainment .
Specifically , non-gaming entertainment , such as television , sports , reading , writing , and similar pursuits .
Many people who support the rights of gamers still put gaming a peg or two below other forms of entertainment in terms of how they view it .
That is to say , they say it ’s our right to play games , but really , we should be sure we ’re out playing sports for exercise or doing something constructive .
Then go play games in our off time .
What makes playing sports any better than playing video games ( or roleplaying games , for that matter ) in terms of doing something constructive ?
Yes , I know they provide exercise .
They also get us out into social situations .
Some are even quite a bit of fun to play .
So let ’s look at gaming .
Video games can also be a social activity .
In fact , Nintendo has basically won the market by making the Wii a social gaming platform .
But even the other consoles and PC gaming have plenty of social gaming opportunities , with multiplayer options both online and in person .
Roleplaying games are social by their very nature , as you must have multiple people involved for the game to work .
With one person , you ’re just writing a story .
Of course , neither of these activities provide exercise , unless you count a very small number of video games , such as Dance Dance Revolution and Wii Fit .
However , these activities provide other benefits .
Many video games test us mentally , forcing us to either solve puzzles , or find strategies for defeating difficult enemies .
Sometimes it ’s necessary to be able to do this with very little time to think , teaching us how to make sound decisions quickly .
Many games are also tests of our reflexes , helping to keep us alert .
A well written crpg or tabletop rpg can help us see the world in a new way , in much the same way a well written book can .
In short , gaming does for us mentally what sports do for us physically .
When it comes to television , I ca n’t comment much since I do n’t watch much of it .
It ’s just not my thing .
When it comes to reading , I love reading as much as I love gaming , and find that it does much the same thing for me as gaming does .
The biggest difference for me is that I become more immersed in a book than a game , but in gaming , I get to actively participate .
In the end , I think there are two issues that need to be addressed , and I think we ’re already well on the way to doing so as a society .
The first is that there are still a lot of people who look at the way things were , and want to see them stay that way .
They ’re afraid of what ’s new , or simply do n’t know how to react to it .
This will become a non-issue as time goes on , and gaming becomes more and more a part of our culture .
Still , we could try to use this as a learning experience , so the next time something new comes along , we learn about it and why people like it , as well as what value there may be in it .
This would be far better than making the next big thing the new scapegoat for society ’s ills .
The other issue is that we are a culture that places huge value on physical health and well being , without that same emphasis on mental health and well being .
As such , sports are seen as inherently better because , in general , they improve our physical health .
Gaming , on the other hand , makes us think , and works more to improve our mental ability and intelligence .
Like reading , gaming is much more exercise for the mind .
This is something that needs to be addressed , because mental ability is just as important as physical ability , and as a culture , we need to learn to recognize this .
Perhaps if we understood this better , and understood that games provide benefits in this area , society would n’t be so quick to dismiss them as a novelty not worth the time .
He Did It
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Friday , February 6 , 2009
I previously blogged the sad case of Grammy - winning blues singer Koko Taylor , who is 80 years old and in poor health :
Her income has dropped precipitously , her expenses have n’t , and she has little savings or other hard assets besides a house in a Chicago suburb that Zillow.com figures is now worth only $ 280,000 .
Nevertheless , the IRS says Taylor must pay $ 400,000 in back taxes , penalties and interest .
Otherwise , she faces the possibility the G - men will grab most of her income , including royalties and Social Security , and maybe even her home .
The feds rejected her offer to take out a reverse mortgage on that house and pay $ 200,000 plus up to 50 % of any future net revenue , moves that would allow her to remain in her residence and live out her remaining time with her second husband .
The Tax Court yesterday held that the IRS did not abuse its discretion in refusing to accept her proposed offers in compromise , upheld the IRS 's tax lien and levy against her , and upheld the IRS 's refusal to abate tax penalties .
Taylor v. Commissioner , T.C. Memo. 2009 - 27 ( Feb. 5 , 2009 ) .
In its conclusion , the Tax Court appeared to take a swipe at Tom Daschle , Tim Geithner , Nancy Killefer , and Hilda Solis :
Both petitioner and respondent repeatedly commented on petitioner 's stature as a beloved and well - known professional singer as support for their respective positions in these consolidated cases .
We disagree with both parties insofar as they contend that a taxpayer 's celebrity status is somehow relevant to what this Court must do in deciding whether the Commissioner 's collection action may proceed .
Every taxpayer , no matter how famous or notorious , has a legal obligation to honestly report and pay his or her income tax liability each year and is entitled to fair enforcement of Federal tax laws .
...
Respondent gave petitioner ample opportunity to rectify her failure to pay estimated tax when due and considered petitioner 's collection alternatives in accordance with applicable administrative and legal requirements .
https://taxprof.typepad.com/taxprof_blog/2009/02/tax-court-takes-swipe-at-daschlekeithnerkillefersolis-in-making-koko-taylor-sing-the-tax-blues.html
Most people who celebrate Christmas can drag their holiday tree to the curb ( literally ) when they 're done with it .
Needless to say , it will be a bit more difficult to get rid of the eight - ton , 72 - foot ( 22 - meter ) Norway spruce now gracing New York City 's Rockefeller Center .
So what 's to become of this year 's piney green giant when it 's hauled from its pedestal on January 9 ?
It will be donated to Habitat for Humanity International to furnish wood for some of the Americus , Ga. –based nonprofit organization 's house - building projects next year .
Habitat has n't identified a specific project for the 77 - year - old tree , but Duane Bates , the organization 's director of public and media relations , says it will likely be used for construction of one of its houses .
Habitat harvested last year 's 84 - foot - ( 26 - meter - ) tall Norway spruce Christmas tree to provide two - by - fours for a house in Pascagoula , Miss. , for assistant teacher Tracey Davison and her four daughters , whose home was destroyed in 2005 by Hurricane Katrina .
Tishman Speyer Properties , the company that owns Rockefeller Plaza , began working with Habitat in 2005 , Bates says .
That year , Tishman Speyer hosted a demonstration in the plaza during which Habitat for Humanity volunteers framed walls that were later shipped to the Gulf Coast to help rebuild homes damaged by Katrina .
Tishman Speyer donated its first tree to the organization last year .
Prior to 2007 most retired Rockefeller Center Christmas trees were ground into about three tons of mulch donated to the Boy Scouts of America for them to sell and use the proceeds to fund a variety of projects .
Each year , however , the largest portion of the trunk was donated to the U.S. Olympic Equestrian Team headquarters in Gladstone , N.J. , where it was used as an obstacle jump for the horses and their riders .
All of the Rockefeller evergreens have been donated , and this year 's — which is festooned with more than 30,000 LED lights and five miles ( eight kilometers ) of wiring — was given to Tishman Speyer by the family of the late Joseph and Mary Varanyak from the property around former home in Hamilton Township , N.J .
Their son , Bob Varanyak , 72 , told New Jersey 's The Star - Ledger last month , " My mother , most of all , wanted this .
She always said this tree will be in Rockefeller Center . "
The tree arrived in Manhattan on November 14 and was erected and decorated for the December 3 lighting ceremony .
The first official Rockefeller Center Christmas tree went up in 1933 ( although workers building the complex had also put up a tree in 1931 ) .
Rockefeller 's trees must be at least 65 feet ( 19.8 meters ) tall and 35 feet ( 10.7 meters ) wide , and most are more than 50 years old .
WASHINGTON --
In an effort to deal with greater - than - expected losses from bank failures , U.S. regulators are sharply raising the fees they collect from banks for deposit insurance .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.'s board on Friday approved a proposal to charge banks a one - time fee of 20 cents on every $ 100 of domestic deposits , as well as give the agency the power to collect other emergency fees in the future .
Those charges would be combined with a general increase in the amount banks pay each quarter for the government to back deposits in U.S. bank accounts .
The FDIC , led by Chairman Sheila Bair , said the new fees could raise $ 27 billion for the deposit insurance fund in 2009 , nine times what the agency collected last year .
Opposition to the proposal came from John Reich , the departed director of the Office of Thrift Supervision .
Mr. Reich , who stepped down from his post on Friday , said he did n't think it appropriate to levy a new tax on banks that are already in a weakened condition .
He said he would support higher fees in more profitable times .
Describing the need for the changes , the FDIC staff said " a deepening recession and continued severe problems in the housing and construction sectors , financial markets and commercial real estate , contribute to staff 's expectations [ of ] significantly higher losses for the insurance fund . "
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
What does it mean to nationalize a bank , anyway ?
That question has weighed on the minds of investors in the two weeks since the Obama administration 's comprehensive financial industry stability plan fell flat .
And it came to a head Friday .
Nationalization fears helped drag down shares of Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) as much as 36 % at one point Friday .
BofA recovered most of its losses to finish Friday down just 3.6 % .
But Cit 's stock closed Friday with a 22 % loss .
The term nationalization has been used to cover a range of very different outcomes .
Most obviously , it refers to the outright takeover of troubled firms , such as when the Treasury Department put mortgage giants Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) into conservatorship .
But it has also been used by some people to cover sizable investments that give government officials considerable say in a firm 's activities -- such as the loan guarantees extended in recent months to Citi and BofA .
The Obama administration has said it wants to keep the banking system in private hands , which seems to suggest it is n't aiming to run the likes of Citi and BofA .
" We have a financial system that is run by private shareholders , managed by private institutions , and we'd like to do our best to preserve that system , " Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner said two weeks ago .
But the White House has n't completely ruled out taking over troubled firms , either - if with a very different intent .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , unsettled the market Friday morning when he told Bloomberg Television that he could see regulators briefly taking over Citi or BofA in the name of stabilizing the nation 's two biggest banks .
" I do n't welcome that at all , but I could see how it 's possible it may happen , " he said .
" I 'm concerned that we may end up having to do that , at least for a short time . "
The White House moved later Friday to ease fears of a takeover , with spokesman Robert Gibbs telling reporters at an afternoon briefing that the administration wants to keep the nation 's banks in private hands .
" The president believes that ... a privately held banking system regulated by the government is -- is what this country should have , " Gibbs said .
But Gibbs ' statement , while echoing the one Geithner made on Feb.
6 , leaves open the question of whether the administration is considering what observers of the financial industry have termed an intervention -- a takeover of a troubled bank for the purpose of breaking it up , bringing in new capital and finding new owners and management .
Many economists say the Obama administration will have to take this tack before the financial crisis is resolved .
" We have no problem in this country shutting down small banks , " Simon Johnson , a finance professor at MIT and a former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund , said last week on " Bill Moyers ' Journal " on PBS .
" In fact , the FDIC is world class at shutting down and managing the handover of deposits , for example , from small banks . "
But with the big banks , which employ hundreds of thousands of people and make millions of dollars of campaign contributions , it may be a different story .
" Nobody has the political will to do it , " Johnson said .
" So you need to take an FDIC - type process .
You scale it up .
You say , ' You have n't raised the capital privately .
The government is taking over your bank .
You guys are out of business .
Your bonuses are wiped out .
Your golden parachutes are gone . ' "
There are multiple advantages to this approach , proponents say .
They say recapitalizing the banks is necessary , but it will be costly -- and the more current investors share in those costs , the less that burden must be borne by taxpayers .
And any form of nationalization would probably mean the removal of current executives .
So it would not reward bad behavior and mismanagement .
That 's exactly what many observers believe previous bailouts , namely the Bush administration 's Troubled Asset Relief Program , have done .
But shareholders clearly believe they would be severely diluted in any government action , which explains , in part , why bank stocks have plunged in recent days .
What 's more , the Obama administration 's insistence that it wo n't nationalize a bank reminds some of how former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson repeatedly pledged to stand behind Fannie and Freddie last summer - before he suddenly changed course Sept. 7 and took them over .
Regardless of how the government handles the problems at Citi , BofA and other too - big - to - fail banks , economists say the tab for the financial cleanup will come due -- it 's only a matter of who gets stuck with it .
" There seems to be some sort of ideological bias against the government taking over banks , " said Paola Sapienza , a finance professor at Northwestern University in Evanston , Ill .
" But eventually we 're going to pay for this , one way or another . "
Swiss auto tuner Rinspeed is rolling into the Geneva Motor Show with a wild shape - shifting , iPhone - controlled electric concept car that adapts to suit the number of passengers .
At the touch of an iPhone app , the streamlined rear end of the one - seater pops up to make room for two more people .
The adjustable rear end conserves energy by maximizing aerodynamics .
The idea , company founder Frank Rinderknecht says , is to create lightweight , streamlined and efficient zero-emissions " individual mobility " that can adapt to suit the driver 's needs .
The iPhone controls everything from the canopy - there are no doors - to the ignition .
" The iChange is a signal for the coming global changes to individual mobility , " Rinderknecht says in a statement .
" We need to be ready to meet these changes with new ideas .
We have designed and built an extremely flexible vehicle .
In it we have brought the themes of versatility and continually changing energy demands to their logical conclusions . "
Outlandish cars are nothing new for Rinderknecht , who unveiled the James Bond - esque sQuba submersible sports car at last year 's Geneva show .
With iChange , Rinspeed takes BMW 's shape - shifting cloth - covered GINA one step further by ditching the gasoline engine in favor of an electric motor .
He might iFinally be on to something .
Concept cars tend to be out there , but iChange is wild even for the firm that brought us the hydrofoil Splash that sort of drives on water and the biometric data driving Senso .
But take away the shape - shifting back - end , the bubble - like canopy and the iPhone gimmick and the iChange is a solid EV .
The car is built on the simple fact that lighter , aerdynamic cars require less energy than heavy , brick - like cars .
iChange weighs 2,300 pounds , or about 300 pounds less than a Honda Civic .
Maximizing aerodynamic efficiency and minimizing weight have become paramount in the push to improve fuel economy and extend battery range - witness the tweaks Toyota made to the next - gen Prius , GM 's extensive work on the Chevrolet Volt and the teardrop - shaped Aptera 2ea .
Function increasingly dictates form , and Rinspeed takes that in a new direction by making form adaptable to meet the needed function .
Propulsion is by a 150 kilowatt motor mated to a six - speed transmission pulled from a Subaru WRX .
Off the line , the iChange does zero to 60 in about 4.0 seconds with a top speed of 137 mph .
That puts the iChange in Tesla Roadster territory .
Power comes from a lithium - ion batteries that Rinspeed says is available in two different stack configurations - one optimized for short trips , the other for long - distance driving .
Rinspeed does n't offer any specs on the batteries or even say who produced them .
The interior sports a Harmon / Kardon infotainment system and navi system that determines the most energy - efficient route to your destination and shows it in 3 - D. Rooftop solar panels power the fans that control interior temperatures , a trick Rinspeed lifted from the Prius and Fisker Karma plug - in hybrid .
Even the wool used in the interior was spun and died using eco-friendly methods .
For all the focus on high - tech gadgetry , efficiency and zero-emissions , Rinspeed has n't sacrificed the traditional " car look " to the same degree as Aptera , nor has it produced a bland car like the Prius .
Theres ' almost no chance the iChange will ever appear in showrooms , but that is n't the point .
The point is to push the auto industry in a new direction and get it thinking about new ways of building cars .
" If we want to maintain our individual mobility in the future , we have to rethink the car in its entirety , without taboos , " Rinderknecht says .
" Most of all , we have to take its econological aspects into consideration . "
Photos : Rinspeed .
See Also :
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXJurHsTtPw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYQd6VKA-Oc
UN trucks have been passing through Kerem Shalom crossing to deliver aid The UN aid agency in Gaza says it has suspended all aid shipments , accusing the Hamas government of seizing hundreds of tonnes of food supplies .
Ten lorries carrying flour and rice were taken from the Palestinian side of the Kerem Shalom crossing , the UN's Relief and Works Agency ( Unrwa ) said .
Hamas admitted a " mistake " had been made and says it will return the goods .
But Unrwa says deliveries will not restart until it has assurances that such seizures will not happen again .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He also called on Hamas " to refrain from interference with the provision and distribution of humanitarian assistance in Gaza " .
Gaza is facing a humanitarian crisis after Israel 's recent three - week offensive .
About half the population is dependent on UN food aid .
Israel intensified a blockade on the territory 19 months ago when Hamas took over the territory .
The lifting of the blockade is among Hamas ' demands for agreeing a long - term truce with Israel .
On Friday , the group 's exiled leader , Khaled Meshaal , told a rally in Syria that Israel still had not given the necessary undertakings for such a truce .
Second incident Unrwa said the food had been imported from Egypt , and had been due to be collected by its staff at the Kerem Shalom crossing in southern Gaza on Friday .
The UN had recently increased its food distribution to Gazans " The food was taken away by trucks contracted by the ministry of social affairs , " the agency said in a statement .
It said aid deliveries would only be resumed if Hamas returned all the aid and provided " credible assurances " that it would not happen again .
It was the second incident in three days .
On Tuesday , 3,500 blankets and more than 400 food parcels were seized at gunpoint from a distribution centre in Gaza , the UN said .
The Hamas government 's social affairs minister , Ahmed al Kurd , ordered " the aid to be returned to the agency if it turns out it is indeed its property " , Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhum said , according to AFP news agency .
He said no Hamas or Unrwa representatives had been present at the crossing when drivers loaded up the aid supplies , and the drivers had assumed they belonged to the Hamas government .
Although the UN , as an organisation , does not negotiate with Hamas , its relief agency in Gaza has to have some contact with the faction for practical reasons , says the BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Gaza City .
UN - Hamas tensions Earlier in the week , Mr Kurd warned Unrwa not to " become a political player in Gaza " .
He said all aid should be distributed through Hamas .
But Hamas 's rapid attempt to rectify the situation - at least once Unrwa announced its suspension of imports publicly - suggests it does understand how crucial the UN's aid work is , our correspondent says .
Hamas itself has given very limited financial assistance to some of the thousands of Gazans whose homes were destroyed in the Israeli offensive .
The perception of many in the territory is that the group is only helping its own supporters , he adds .
The UN has increased its food distribution in recent weeks to cover 900,000 of Gaza 's population of 1.5 million following Israel 's offensive against Hamas that began in December .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush admitted mistakes but defended his accomplishments in the final White House news conference of his presidency Monday .
President Bush addresses reporters at the White House on Monday in his final news conference .
" Clearly , putting a ' Mission Accomplished ' [ banner ] on an aircraft carrier was a mistake , " Bush said about how his administration handled the fall of Baghdad to U.S. troops .
" It sent the wrong message . "
He termed other aspects of the U.S. invasion of Iraq " disappointments , " including the failure to find weapons of mass destruction and the treatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison .
" I do n't know if you want to call those mistakes or not , but they were -- things did n't go according to plan , let 's put it that way , " Bush said .
Admitting another mistake , Bush said that he should have pursued a comprehensive immigration overhaul after the 2004 election , instead of Social Security reform .
He said that Congress did not have the political willpower to tackle Social Security at the time because the program was not facing an " imminent " funding crisis .
But Bush said plenty went right during his eight years in office , including the economy for most of his term .
" I inherited a recession , I 'm ending on a recession .
In the meantime , there were 52 months of uninterrupted job growth , " he said .
The Bushes on ' King ' What happens after the White House ?
President Bush and Laura tell Larry King .
Tuesday , 9 p.m. ET on CNN see full schedule »
" And I defended tax cuts when I campaigned , I helped implement tax cuts when I was president , and I will defend them after my presidency as the right course of action . "
iReport.com : How will you remember Bush ?
Bush also said that despite harsh criticism at the time , the federal government responded well to Hurricane Katrina and the flooding of New Orleans , Louisiana , in 2005 .
Watch Bush defend his Katrina response »
" Do n't tell me the federal response was slow when there was 30,000 people pulled off roofs right after the storm passed , " he said Monday .
" Could things have been done better ?
Absolutely .
Absolutely .
But when I hear people say the federal response was slow , then what are they going to say to those chopper drivers or the 30,000 that got pulled off the roofs ? " he asked .
Bush was steadfast that his administration did the right things in protecting the homeland from terrorists , even though critics said individual freedoms were compromised by administration policies .
" In terms of the decisions that I had made to protect the homeland , I would n't worry about popularity .
What I would worry about is the Constitution of the United States and putting plans in place that make it easier to find out what the enemy is thinking , " he said .
The 43rd president says he does n't buy allegations that America 's image overseas has been tarnished during his terms , even if his popularity has suffered .
" My view is that most people around the world , they respect America .
And some of them do n't like me -- I understand that -- some of the writers and the , you know , opiners and all that .
That 's fine .
That 's part of the deal .
But I 'm more concerned about the country and -- and how people view the United States of America .
They view us as strong , compassionate people who care deeply about the universality of freedom . "
Bush said that as a " Type A " personality , he 'll want to keep active after he turns the White House keys over to President - elect Barack Obama next Tuesday .
Watch Bush bid reporters farewell »
" I just can't envision myself , you know , the big straw hat and a Hawaiian shirt sitting on some beach , " he said .
All About George W. Bush • Social Security Administration
Watch the Program
This two - hour program is divided into thirteen chapters .
Choose any chapter below and select QuickTime or Windows Media Player to begin viewing the video .
If you experience difficulty viewing , it may be due to high demand .
We regret this and suggest you try back at another time .
Merneptah Stele
Near the banks of the Nile in southern Egypt , in 1896 , archeologist Flinders Petrie unearths an Egyptian stone monument containing the first mention of a people named Israel .
running time 6:45 Who Wrote the Bible ?
Traditional beliefs hold that Moses wrote the first five books of the Bible , but scholars today identify the hand of at least four different groups of scribes writing over several hundred years .
running time 6:52
The Exodus Archeologists have not yet found evidence of the mass migration described in the book of Exodus , but its message , an inspiring theme of freedom , remains powerful to this day .
running time 8:53 The Canaanite Cities Following the Exodus , the Bible says that a great warrior , Joshua , leads the Israelites into the Promised Land with a blitzkrieg military campaign .
Does archeology back up this claim ?
running time 8:50 Israelite Origins
A radical new theory suggests that tribes of serfs , slaves , and commoners abandon the old Canaanite city - states and eventually emerge in a new place as a new people — the Israelites .
running time 9:19 The Search for YHWH The Israelites , a mixed multitude of disenfranchised people , are bound together by a vision of freedom .
However , artifacts suggest that their monotheistic embrace of a single God is not immediate .
running time 7:04 House of David
Of all the names in the Hebrew Bible , none appears more frequently than David .
The earliest biblical figure confirmed by archeology to be historical , he likely lived around 1000 B.C .
running time 8:26 Archeological Methods
In the past , biblical archeologists dated ruins based on the pottery they found associated with those ruins .
Today , there is a scientific method to anchor pottery to firm dates — radiocarbon dating .
running time 10:17 Architectural Evidence
The remains of what may be King Solomon 's gates , mentioned in the Bible , offer evidence of a united Israelite kingdom .
running time 6:55 Ideas About Worship Solomon builds a great Temple where the Israelites practice animal sacrifice and pay tribute to their God , but many people continue to worship pagan idols .
running time 9:18 Birth of Judaism In 586 B.C. the Babylonians invade Israel , destroying Jerusalem and the Temple and creating a theological crisis .
In exile , the ancient Israelite cult is transformed into the modern religion of Judaism .
running time 11:02 Sacred Scrolls
A team led by Gabriel Barkay discovers the Silver Scrolls , which predate the earliest Dead Sea Scrolls by 400 years .
The find confirms that at least some verses of the Hebrew Bible were written down by the 7th century B.C .
running time 8:34 The Bible Today
At the intersection of science and scripture is a story that began over 3,000 years ago and continues to this day .
running time 4:56
Remember that crazed Oklahoma representative who said that " gays are worse than terrorism . "
She got into a lot of heat and had to defend her comments , which became the subject of national media scrutiny .
After receiving thousands of emails and phone calls , it appeared Sally felt some sympathy for gay rights , and declared " gays should n't be fired because of their sexual orientation . "
What a sweet story of a soured bigot who came to see the light , right ?
Wrong .
" She told the John Birch Society at a gathering last week that she 's found the homosexual agenda !
In the book " After the Ball : How America Will Conquer Its Fear of Hatred of Gays in the '90s . "
The book , written in 1990 , was written by psychologists who proposed a massive media campaign to help people get over their aversion to gays .
Kern also said that the nation is in need of a new " Great Awakening , " which must happen to save our children and grandchildren from the destruction caused by the homosexual lifestyle " ( SOVO Blog ) .
Tell her to quit obsessing with homosexuality , and to actually focus on her constituents .
Capitol Address : 2300 N. Lincoln Blvd. Room 332 Oklahoma City , OK 73105 District Address : 2713 Sterling Ave. , Oklahoma City , OK 73127 .
Phone : ( 405 ) 557-7348 .Email : sallykern@okhouse.gov
A prototype handheld ultrasound device made from the battery of a remote - control car and other cheap parts is powerful enough to sear flesh in seconds and could be used by paramedics to cauterize wounds or by doctors to treat cancer .
Soldiers could someday use a similar device to stop the massive internal bleeding caused by a roadside bomb or a gunshot wound , says the device 's inventor , George Lewis , a biomedical - engineering graduate student at Cornell University .
Eventually , such a tool might find its way into high - end first aid kits .
The same devices could also be used to treat cancer .
Doctors have been using weak ultrasound to peek inside of the body for ages , and more recently they have started using them to cook tumors , or rattle cells to slip medicine inside .
" We use low - power ultrasound to enhance drug delivery to cancer cells in the brain , " says Lewis .
" By using acoustic pulses from our device , we essentially agitate the spongy brain matrix and enhance drug uptake at the tumor site . "
Roasting the tumors may seem far less elegant , but it could save patients from the trouble of having surgery or radiation therapy .
The treatment does have some drawbacks .
For example , when high - intensity focused ultrasound is used to treat prostate cancer , it may cause impotence in some cases .
Ultrasound devices that stop internal bleeding can cause collateral damage , too .
Keeping their effects on the body under control is a real challenge , says engineer Larry Crum of the University of Washington , who has been working on the problem more than 15 years .
A company called Therus has been using ultrasound to seal punctured arteries since the late '90s , Crum said , but their human trials have been under controlled circumstances .
It would be much harder to test an experimental device on someone who is bleeding to death .
By reverse - engineering ultrasound devices that were already on the market , Lewis discovered that all of them had the same flaw :
They waste a ton of energy .
Without an efficient amplifier , the devices would drain their batteries too quickly to be useful .
So Lewis made an amplifier from ultralow - resistance transistors , and was able to build a prototype that uses 95 percent of its power to make waves .
By comparison , many ultrasound machines squander more than half of their juice .
The prototype 's electronics are light enough to carry anywhere , but the military wants a system that is not only portable but also autonomous .
Darpa is asking scientists to make a device that can automatically detect , monitor and halt deep bleeding .
Photo : George Lewis and his prototype .
Credit : Robert Barker / Cornell University
Video : Cornell Media Production Group
See Also :
SHANGHAI , Feb 10 ( Reuters ) - China 's car sales in January fell 7.76 percent from a year earlier , official data showed on Tuesday , as the country 's economy slowed , but month - on - month sales improved bolstered by the government 's policy incentives .
Sales of passenger cars came to 610,600 units last month , up 4.44 percent from December when 584,600 passenger cars were sold , the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers said on Tuesday .
Total vehicle sales -- including cars , buses and trucks -- fell 14.35 percent year - on - year to 735,500 units in that month and was off 0.83 percent month - on - month , it said .
China , the world 's fastest growing major auto market , had posted car sales growth above 20 percent for three years in a row until slowing economic growth began to erode demand last year .
Car sales growth slowed to a single - digit rate in 2008 for the first time in at least 10 years .
Below is a breakdown for sales in January .
JANUARY sales pct change
Category ( on year )
All vehicles 735,500 - 14.35
Cars 610,600 - 7.76
JANUARY sales *
Car maker
-SAIC -GM - Wuling 69,815
- Shanghai Volkswagen 40,642
-FAW Volkswagen 38,771
-* Chongqing Changan 38,079
- Beijing Hyundai 35,183
* No percentage comparisons were provided .
* Chongqing Changan Automobile Co's 000625.SZ
January sales excludes the sales of its affiliates , including its car venture with Ford Motor F.N and Mazda Motor 7261.T .
Note : SAIC - GM - Wuling is a joint venture between General Motors Corp GM.N and SAIC Motor Corp 600104.SS , China 's largest car maker and Liuzhou Wuling Automobile .
Shanghai Volkswagen is a joint venture between Volkswagen AG VOWG.DE and SAIC , while FAW Volkswagen is the German automaker 's tie - up with FAW Group .
Chongqing Changan Automobile is a mid-sized Chinese automaker .
leonardo
View : Recent Entries .
View : Archive .
View : Friends .
View : Profile .
View : Website ( My Website ) .
February 9th , 2009 Tags : benchmark , c++ , d language , programming Security : Subject : Struct / class benchmark with D and C++ Time : 02:01 pm
As usual benchmarks are very tricky things , so if you see things to fix , please tell me .
I may redo the benchmarks .
---------------------
TIMINGS , N = 28 , best of 3 : fibs_c ++ : 0.27 s fibs_d : 0.38 s fib_c ++: 3.06 s fib2_d : 8.50 s fib_d : 1.07 s ( with scope ) fib2_c ++ : 3.17 s ( virtual method )
With llvm - g++ : fibs_c ++: 0.31 s fib_c ++ : 2.73 s fib2_c++ : 2.83 s ( virtual method )
The results do n't look much good for D .
At the bottom of this post you can see part of the ASM produced by LDC and GCC .
The slowness in the struct - based case of the struct may come from the fact that GCC seems to have unrolled lot of recursive calls , while LDC has not done it .
Maybe ( probably ) there are ways to do the same with LLVM ( and LDC ) too .
The slowness of the class - based code may partially come from the virtual nature of the calls ( absent in C++ ) and from time spent by the GC .
I have tried to add the " final " keyword everywhere ( in the D class code ) with no difference in running time .
----------------------------------------
UPDATE Feb 11 2009 :
I timed two more versions :
An alternative version of fibs_d , with " scope " where each struct is defined , like :
scope auto f1 = Fib( _value - 1 ) ;
But of course the timing is the same , it 's useless , because scope acts where there 's a memory allocation .
I have tried a C++ version that is more similar to the D code , using a virtual function :
virtual int value ( ) {
The results ( fi2_c + + , code not shown ) are a bit worse : 3.17 s instead of 3.06 s.
I have tried to make the method in fib_d final , so it 's not virtual ( as in C++ ) :
final int value ( ) {
but the running time is unchanged or a bit worse .
Then to show a more apple - to - apple comparison I have timed the C++ code using llvm - g ++:
fibs_c++ : 0.31 s
fib_c ++ : 2.73 s
fib2_c++ : 2.83 s
The fibs timing is intermediate , while fib_c / fib2_c is now faster .
It 's a lot a matter of how the recursivity is unrolled , I think .
Benchmark details : CPU : Pentium3 500 Mhz , 256 MB RAM OS : Ubuntu 8.10
Timings done with the ' time ' command , ' real ' timings , best of 3 runs .
Code compiled with : g++ - O3 -s fibs_cpp.cpp -o fibs_cpp ldc - O3 - release - inline fibs_d.d Compilers used : LLVM D Compiler rev.939 , based on DMD v1.039 and llvm 2.4 ( Wed Feb 4 23:09:12 2009 ) gcc version 4.3.2 ( Ubuntu 4.3.2-1ubuntu12 )
----------------------------------------
UPDATE Jul 3 2009 :
I have done tests again on Pubuntu , with GCC 4.2.4 and LDC based on DMD v1.045 and llvm 2.6svn ( Thu Jul 2 23:07:48 2009 ) :
TIMINGS , N = 28 , best of 3 : fibs_c ++ : 0.02 fibs_d : 0.04 fib_c++ : 0.54 fib2_d : 0.62 fib_d : 0.18 ( with scope ) fib2_c ++ : 0.56 ( virtual method )
Now timings are similar to the C++ code .
LDC is n't able still to de-virtualize the value ( ) method .
( A problem of LDC is that it 's not a compiler , but a front - end for a compiler developed by other people , so when LDC does n't perform certain optimizations it 's sometimes not easy to understand where the problem is . )
----------------------------------------
// fibs_cpp.cpp #include " stdio.h " # define N 28 class Fib { private : int _value ; public : Fib( int n ) { _value = n ; } int value ( ) { if ( _value <= 2 ) return 1 ; Fib f1 = Fib( _value - 1 ) ; Fib f2 = Fib( _value - 2 ) ; return f1.value ( ) + f2.value ( ) ; } } ; int main ( ) { int tot = 0 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i++) { Fib x = Fib ( N ) ; tot += x.value ( ) ; } printf ( " tot : %d
" , tot ) ; return 0 ; } --------------------- // fibs_d.d import tango.io.
Stdout : Stdout ; const int N = 28 ; struct Fib { private int _value ; int value ( ) { if ( _value <= 2 ) return 1 ; auto f1 = Fib( _value - 1 ) ; auto f2 = Fib( _value - 2 ) ; return f1.value + f2.value ; } } void main ( ) { int tot ; for ( int i ; i < 10 ; i++) { auto f = Fib ( N ) ; tot += f.value ; } Stdout.formatln ( " tot : {} " , tot ) ; } --------------------- // fib_cpp.cpp #include " stdio.h " # define N 28 class Fib { private : int _value ; public : Fib( int n ) { _value = n ; } int value ( ) { if ( _value <= 2 ) return 1 ; Fib * f1 = new Fib( _value - 1 ) ; Fib * f2 = new Fib( _value - 2 ) ; int n1 = f1-> value ( ) ; int n2 = f2->value ( ) ; delete ( f1 ) ; delete ( f2 ) ; return n1 + n 2 ; } } ; int main ( ) { int tot = 0 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i++) { Fib *x = new Fib ( N ) ; tot += x -> value ( ) ; delete( x ) ; } printf ( " tot : %d
" , tot ) ; return 0 ; } --------------------- // fib_d.d import tango.io.
Stdout : Stdout ; const int N = 28 ; class Fib { private int _value ; this ( int n ) { _value = n ; } int value ( ) { if ( _value <= 2 ) return 1 ; scope f1 = new Fib( _value - 1 ) ; scope f2 = new Fib( _value - 2 ) ; return f1.value + f2.value ; } } void main ( ) { int tot ; for ( int i ; i < 10 ; i++) { scope x = new Fib ( N ) ; tot += x.value ; } Stdout.formatln ( " tot : {} " , tot ) ; } --------------------- // fib2_d.d import tango.io.
Stdout : Stdout ; const int N = 28 ; class Fib { private int _value ; this ( int n ) { _value = n ; } int value ( ) { if ( _value <= 2 ) return 1 ; auto f1 = new Fib( _value - 1 ) ; auto f2 = new Fib( _value - 2 ) ; return f1.value + f2.value ; } } void main ( ) { int tot ; for ( int i ; i < 10 ; i++) { auto x = new Fib ( N ) ; tot += x.value ; } Stdout.formatln ( " tot : {} " , tot ) ; } ---------------------
ASM of fib_d.d relative to the main and struct method : . text .align 16 .globl _ Dmain .type _Dmain , @function _Dmain : .Leh_func_begin1 : . Llabel1 : pushl %ebx pushl %edi pushl %esi subl $ 48 , %esp xorl %esi , %esi movl %esi , %edi .align 16 . LBB1 _1 : # forbody movl $ 27 , 40 ( %esp ) movl $ 26 , 32 ( %esp ) leal 40 ( %esp ) , %eax call _D4fibs3 Fib5valueMFZi movl %eax , %ebx leal 32 ( %esp ) , %eax call _D4fibs3 Fib5valueMFZi addl %edi , %ebx addl %eax , %ebx incl %esi cmpl $ 10 , %esi movl %ebx , %edi jne .
LBB1_1 # forbody .
LBB1_2 : # endfor movl _D5tango2io6Stdout6StdoutC5tango2io6stream6Format20__T12FormatOutputTaZ12FormatOutput , %eax movl %ebx , 24 ( %esp ) leal 24 ( %esp ) , %edx movl %edx , 8 ( %esp ) movl $ .str1 , 16 ( %esp ) movl $ 7 , 12 ( %esp ) movl $._arguments.storage , 4( %esp ) movl $ 1 , ( %esp ) call _D5tango2io6stream6Format20__T12FormatOutputTaZ12FormatOutput8formatlnMFAaYC5tango2io6stream6Format20__T12FormatOutputTaZ12FormatOutput subl $ 20 , %esp xorl %eax , %eax addl $ 48 , %esp popl %esi popl %edi popl %ebx ret $ 8 .size _Dmain , .-_ Dmain .Leh_func_end1 : .align 16 .globl _D4fibs3Fib5valueMFZi .type _D4fibs3Fib5valueMFZi,@function _D4fibs3Fib5valueMFZi : pushl %esi subl $ 16 , %esp movl ( %eax ) , %eax cmpl $ 2 , %eax jg .LBB2_3 # endif .
LBB2_1 : # if movl $ 1 , %eax .
LBB2_2 : # if addl $ 16 , %esp popl %esi ret .
LBB2_3 : # endif leal - 1 ( %eax ) , %ecx movl %ecx , 8 ( %esp ) addl $ 4294967294 , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) leal 8 ( %esp ) , %eax call _D4fibs3 Fib5valueMFZi movl %eax , %esi leal ( %esp ) , %eax call _D4fibs3 Fib5 valueMFZi addl %esi , %eax jmp .
LBB2_2 # if .size _D4fibs3Fib5valueMFZi , .-_ D4fibs3Fib5valueMFZi
---------------------
ASM of fibs_cpp.cpp relative to the main and struct method : .section .text._ZN3Fib5valueEv , " axG " , @progbits , _ZN3Fib5valueEv, comdat .align 2 .p2align 4,,15 . weak _ZN3 Fib5valueEv .type _ZN3Fib5valueEv , @function _ZN3Fib5valueEv : .LFB36 : pushl %ebp .
LCFI0 : movl %esp , %ebp .LCFI1 : subl $ 88 , %esp . LCFI2 : movl 8 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %ebx , - 12 ( %ebp ) .
LCFI3 : movl %esi , - 8 ( %ebp ) .
LCFI4 : movl %edi , - 4 ( %ebp ) . LCFI5 : movl ( %eax ) , %edx movl $ 1 , %eax cmpl $ 2 , %edx jg .L46 .L3 : movl - 12 ( %ebp ) , %ebx movl - 8 ( %ebp ) , %esi movl - 4 ( %ebp ) , %edi movl %ebp , %esp popl %ebp ret .
p2align 4,,7 . p2align 3 .L46 : cmpl $ 3 , %edx leal - 2 ( %edx ) , %esi movl $ 1 , - 84 ( %ebp ) jne .L47 cmpl $ 2 , %esi movl $ 1 , %eax jg .L48 .L19 : addl - 84 ( %ebp ) , %eax jmp .L3 . p2align 4,,7 . p2align 3 .L47 : cmpl $ 2 , %esi leal - 3 ( %edx ) , %edi movl $ 1 , - 80 ( %ebp ) jg .L49 .L7 : cmpl $ 2 , %edi movl $ 1 , %eax jg .L50 .L13 : addl - 80 ( %ebp ) , %eax cmpl $ 2 , %esi movl %eax , - 84 ( %ebp ) movl $ 1 , %eax jle .L19 .L48 : cmpl $ 3 , %esi leal - 2 ( %esi ) , %edi movl $ 1 , - 60 ( %ebp ) jne .L51 .L21 : cmpl $ 2 , %edi movl $ 1 , %eax jg .L52 .L31 : addl - 60 ( %ebp ) , %eax jmp .L19 . p2align 4,,7 . p2align 3 .L49 : leal - 4 ( %edx ) , %eax cmpl $ 2 , %edi movl %eax , - 76 ( %ebp ) movl $ 1 , - 72 ( %ebp ) jle .L9 movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 5 ( %edx ) , %eax movl %eax , - 20 ( %ebp ) leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv leal ( %eax , %ebx ) , %ebx movl %ebx , - 72 ( %ebp ) . L9 : cmpl $ 2 , - 76 ( %ebp ) movl $ 1 , %eax jle .L11 movl - 76 ( %ebp ) , %eax subl $ 1 , %eax movl %eax , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl - 76 ( %ebp ) , %eax subl $ 2 , %eax movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5valueEv addl %ebx , %eax .L11 : addl - 72 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , - 80 ( %ebp ) jmp .L7 . p2align 4,,7 . p2align 3 .L52 : cmpl $ 3 , %edi leal - 2 ( %edi ) , %esi movl $ 1 , - 44 ( %ebp ) jne .L53 .L33 : cmpl $ 2 , %esi movl $ 1 , %eax jg .L54 .L39 : addl - 44 ( %ebp ) , %eax jmp .L31 . p2align 4,,7 . p2align 3 .L51 : leal - 3 ( %esi ) , %eax cmpl $ 2 , %edi movl %eax , - 56 ( %ebp ) movl $ 1 , - 52 ( %ebp ) jle .L23 movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 4 ( %esi ) , %eax movl %eax , - 20 ( %ebp ) leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv leal ( %eax , %ebx ) , %ebx movl %ebx , - 52 ( %ebp ) .L23 : cmpl $ 2 , - 56 ( %ebp ) movl $ 1 , %eax jg .L55 .L25 : addl - 52 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , - 60 ( %ebp ) jmp .L21 . p2align 4,,7 . p2align 3 .L50 : leal - 2 ( %edi ) , %eax cmpl $ 3 , %edi movl %eax , - 68 ( %ebp ) movl $ 1 , - 64 ( %ebp ) je .L15 movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 3 ( %edi ) , %eax movl %eax , - 20 ( %ebp ) leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv leal ( %eax , %ebx ) , %ebx movl %ebx , - 64 ( %ebp ) .L15 : cmpl $ 2 , - 68 ( %ebp ) movl $ 1 , %eax jle .L17 movl - 68 ( %ebp ) , %eax subl $ 1 , %eax movl %eax , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl - 68 ( %ebp ) , %eax subl $ 2 , %eax movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5valueEv addl %ebx , %eax .L17 : addl - 64 ( %ebp ) , %eax jmp .L13 . p2align 4,,7 . p2align 3 .L55 : movl - 56 ( %ebp ) , %esi movl $ 1 , - 48 ( %ebp ) subl $ 2 , %esi cmpl $ 3 , - 56 ( %ebp ) je .L27 movl - 56 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %esi , - 20 ( %ebp ) subl $ 3 , %eax movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv leal ( %eax , %ebx ) , %ebx movl %ebx , - 48 ( %ebp ) .L27 : cmpl $ 2 , %esi movl $ 1 , %eax jle .L29 leal - 1( %esi ) , %eax movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 2 ( %esi ) , %eax movl %eax , - 20 ( %ebp ) leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5valueEv addl %ebx , %eax .L29 : addl - 48 ( %ebp ) , %eax jmp .L25 . p2align 4,,7 . p2align 3 .L54 : cmpl $ 3 , %esi leal - 2 ( %esi ) , %edi movl $ 1 , - 32 ( %ebp ) je .L41 leal - 3 ( %esi ) , %eax movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %edi , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv leal ( %eax , %ebx ) , %ebx movl %ebx , - 32 ( %ebp ) .L41 : cmpl $ 2 , %edi movl $ 1 , %eax jle .L43 leal - 1 ( %edi ) , %eax movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 2 ( %edi ) , %eax movl %eax , - 20 ( %ebp ) leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5valueEv addl %ebx , %eax .L43 : addl - 32 ( %ebp ) , %eax jmp .L39 . p2align 4,,7 . p2align 3 .L53 : leal - 3 ( %edi ) , %eax cmpl $ 2 , %esi movl %eax , - 40 ( %ebp ) movl $ 1 , - 36 ( %ebp ) jle .L35 movl %eax , - 20 ( %ebp ) leal - 4 ( %edi ) , %eax movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv leal ( %eax , %ebx ) , %ebx movl %ebx , - 36 ( %ebp ) .L35 : cmpl $ 2 , - 40 ( %ebp ) movl $ 1 , %eax jle .L37 movl - 40 ( %ebp ) , %eax subl $ 1 , %eax movl %eax , - 16 ( %ebp ) movl - 40 ( %ebp ) , %eax subl $ 2 , %eax movl %eax , - 20 ( %ebp ) leal - 16 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , %ebx leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5valueEv addl %ebx , %eax .L37 : addl - 36 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , - 44 ( %ebp ) jmp .L33 .LFE36 : .size _ZN3Fib5valueEv , .-_ZN3 Fib5valueEv .section .rodata.str1.1 , " aMS " , @progbits , 1 .LC0 : .string " tot : %d
" . text . p2align 4,,15 .globl main . type main , @function main : . LFB37 : leal 4 ( %esp ) , %ecx .LCFI6 : andl $ - 16 , %esp pushl - 4( %ecx ) .
LCFI7 : pushl %ebp .LCFI8 : movl %esp , %ebp .LCFI9 : pushl %edi .
LCFI10 : pushl %esi .
LCFI11 : pushl %ebx .
LCFI12 : pushl %ecx .
LCFI13 : subl $ 104 , %esp . LCFI14 : leal - 20 ( %ebp ) , %ebx movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) leal - 24 ( %ebp ) , %esi movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) movl %ebx , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , - 96 ( %ebp ) movl %esi , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) movl %eax , - 92 ( %ebp ) movl %ebx , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , - 88 ( %ebp ) movl %esi , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) movl %eax , - 84 ( %ebp ) movl %ebx , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , - 80 ( %ebp ) movl %esi , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) movl %eax , - 76 ( %ebp ) movl %ebx , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , - 72 ( %ebp ) movl %esi , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) movl %eax , - 68 ( %ebp ) movl %ebx , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , - 64 ( %ebp ) movl %esi , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) movl %eax , - 60 ( %ebp ) movl %ebx , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , - 56 ( %ebp ) movl %esi , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5valueEv movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) movl %eax , - 52 ( %ebp ) movl %ebx , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , - 48 ( %ebp ) movl %esi , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) movl %eax , - 44 ( %ebp ) movl %ebx , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %eax , - 40 ( %ebp ) movl %esi , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) movl %eax , - 36 ( %ebp ) movl %ebx , ( %esp ) call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %esi , ( %esp ) movl %eax , %edi call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl - 84 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 88 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 80 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 76 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 72 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 68 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 64 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 60 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 56 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 52 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 48 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 44 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 40 ( %ebp ) , %edx addl - 36 ( %ebp ) , %edx movl $ 27 , - 20 ( %ebp ) movl $ 26 , - 24 ( %ebp ) addl %edi , %edx addl %eax , %edx movl - 92 ( %ebp ) , %eax addl - 96 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %ebx , ( %esp ) leal ( %eax , %edx ) , %edi call _ZN3 Fib5 valueEv movl %esi , ( %esp ) movl %eax , %ebx call _ZN3 Fib5valueEv movl $.LC0 , 4 ( %esp ) movl $ 1 , ( %esp ) addl %ebx , %eax addl %edi , %eax movl %eax , 8 ( %esp ) call __printf_chk addl $ 104 , %esp xorl %eax , %eax popl %ecx popl %ebx popl %esi popl %edi popl %ebp leal - 4 ( %ecx ) , %esp ret .LFE37 : .size main , .- main .section .eh_frame , " a " , @progbits .
Lframe1 : .long .
LECIE1-.
LSCIE1 . LSCIE1 : .long 0x0 . byte 0x1 .globl __gxx_personality_v0 .string " zP " .uleb128 0x1 .sleb128 -4 . byte 0x8 .uleb128 0x5 . byte 0x0 .long __gxx_personality_v0 . byte 0xc .uleb128 0x4 .uleb128 0x4 . byte 0x88 .uleb128 0x1 .align 4 .LECIE1 : .LSFDE1 : .long .
LEFDE1-.LASFDE1 .LASFDE1 : .long .
LASFDE1 -. Lframe1 .long .LFB36 .long .
LFE36-.LFB36 .uleb128 0x0 . byte 0x4 .long .
LCFI0 -. LFB36 . byte 0xe .uleb128 0x8 . byte 0x85 .uleb128 0x2 . byte 0x4 .long .
LCFI1-.LCFI0 . byte 0xd .uleb128 0x5 . byte 0x4 .long .
LCFI5-.LCFI1 . byte 0x87 .uleb128 0x3 . byte 0x86 .uleb128 0x4 . byte 0x83 .uleb128 0x5 .align 4 .LEFDE1 : .LSFDE3 : .long .
LEFDE3-.LASFDE3 .LASFDE3 : .long .
LASFDE3 -.Lframe1 .long .LFB37 .long .
LFE37-.LFB37 .uleb128 0x0 . byte 0x4 .long .
LCFI6-.LFB37 . byte 0xc .uleb128 0x1 .uleb128 0x0 . byte 0x9 .uleb128 0x4 .uleb128 0x1 . byte 0x4 .long .LCFI7-.LCFI6 . byte 0xc .uleb128 0x4 .uleb128 0x4 . byte 0x4 .long .
LCFI8-.LCFI7 . byte 0xe .uleb128 0x8 . byte 0x85 .uleb128 0x2 . byte 0x4 .long .
LCFI9 -.LCFI8 . byte 0xd .uleb128 0x5 . byte 0x4 .long .
LCFI13-.LCFI9 . byte 0x84 .uleb128 0x6 . byte 0x83 .uleb128 0x5 . byte 0x86 .uleb128 0x4 . byte 0x87 .uleb128 0x3 .align 4 .LEFDE3 : .ident " GCC : ( Ubuntu 4.3.2-1ubuntu12 ) 4.3.2 " .section .note.GNU - stack , " " , @progbits
I think the ( close ) future of D compilers is in LDC .
I can accept the DMD backend to be not much efficient , but seeing how C programs compiled with LLVM - GCC are about as efficient as the ones compiled with GCC , I want D to run fast when compiled with LDC .
So I 've run similar ( but not equal ) benchmarks with LDC ( D1 compiler , 32 bit , adapted to Tango , that has a GC partially different from the Phobos one , so memory allocation timings are different and usually better ) .
As usual benchmarks are very tricky things , so if you see things to fix , please tell me .
I may redo the benchmarks .---------------------The results do n't look much good for D.At the bottom of this post you can see part of the ASM produced by LDC and GCC .
The slowness in the struct - based case of the struct may come from the fact that GCC seems to have unrolled lot of recursive calls , while LDC has not done it .
Maybe ( probably ) there are ways to do the same with LLVM ( and LDC ) too .
The slowness of the class - based code may partially come from the virtual nature of the calls ( absent in C++ ) and from time spent by the GC .
I have tried to add the " final " keyword everywhere ( in the D class code ) with no difference in running time .----------------------------------------UPDATE
Feb 11 2009 : I timed two more versions :
An alternative version of fibs_d , with " scope " where each struct is defined , like : scope auto f1 = Fib( _value - 1 ) ; But of course the timing is the same , it 's useless , because scope acts where there 's a memory allocation .
I have tried a C++ version that is more similar to the D code , using a virtual function : virtual int value ( )
{ The results ( fi2_c + + , code not shown ) are a bit worse : 3.17 s instead of 3.06 s. I have tried to make the method in fib_d final , so it 's not virtual ( as in C++ ) : final int value ( ) { but the running time is unchanged or a bit worse .
Then to show a more apple - to - apple comparison I have timed the C++ code using llvm - g++: fibs_c++: 0.31 sfib_c++ : 2.73 sfib2_c++ : 2.83
sThe fibs timing is intermediate , while fib_c / fib2_c is now faster .
It 's a lot a matter of how the recursivity is unrolled , I think .----------------------------------------UPDATE
Jul 3 2009 : I have done tests again on Pubuntu , with GCC 4.2.4 and LDC based on DMD v1.045 and llvm 2.6svn ( Thu Jul 2 23:07:48 2009 ) : Now timings are similar to the C++ code .
LDC is n't able still to de-virtualize the value ( ) method .
( A problem of LDC is that it's not a compiler , but a front - end for a compiler developed by other people , so when LDC does n't perform certain optimizations it 's sometimes not easy to understand where the problem is .
)----------------------------------------
comments : Leave a comment
( Anonymous ) Subject : Use LLVM backend for all the tests Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-02-09 05:23 pm ( UTC )
If you really want to benchmark C++ vs. D , you should probably use the same backend .
You can use llvm - g++ which uses GCC's C++ frontend and LLVM backend .
( Reply ) ( Thread )
leonardo_m Subject : Re : Use LLVM backend for all the tests Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-02-09 08:44 pm ( UTC )
You are right , I 'll improve the timing data soon .
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : is this really a problem ?
Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-03-10 02:40 pm ( UTC )
This benchmark seems a little artificial : fib2.d is simply the wrong way to do it ( classes in c++ and d are not quite the same so its not really apples to apples ) .
This type of computation really should be done with a value type , and only allocated on the heap if we were worried about stack .
In that case though the algorithm would probably change to a preallocated vector container or something .
It would be nice to see faster class instantiation of course , but I do n't think that 's a deal breaker in most cases .
merlin ( Reply ) ( Thread )
leonardo_m Subject : Re : is this really a problem ?
Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-03-10 03:13 pm ( UTC ) I think it 's a problem , even if a small one .
Many small problems summed together lead to a slow performance , or to lot of tuning time to have a fast program .
Take a small C++ program , like a 1000 - lines long good enough C++ toy ray tracer ( a program not already translated to D ) , translate it to D , and then take a look at how much time you need to obtain a program with 80 % of the performance of the C++ code compiled with a good enough compiler ( DMD does n't have a good enough back - end ) .
If you want enough C++ programmers to start using D , you have to care for the D performance compared to C++ too ( even if it 's not exactly the same ) , because they too will perform benchmarks .
So my benchmarks are much better than nothing , because they reveal small or big troubles .
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re : is this really a problem ?
Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-07-15 03:48 pm ( UTC )
You are exactly right here .
As somebody coming from C++ , Java and C# the D programming language really looks very promising to me .
It has a sophisticated design which leads to a much higher productivity and of course fun when coding in it than in C ++.
But at the moment the development time you saved while using it , you have to invest in optimizations .
Of course you should never write a D program like you would write the equivalent program in C++ , Java or C# , only because the D programming language looks , from the syntax point of view , very similar to the other languages and then wonder why your programs are slow .
But the D frontend and the original dmd backend lack a lot of now really common optimizations and at the moment you still have to do a lot of optimizations by hand to get near C++ speed ( which is really possible with d which shows that it has the potential of a future C++ replacement ) which can also lead to make code look a bit untidy .
If you write your programs in C++ , Java or C# in a clean code style and do n't do any big mistakes you will always get a result which has a good performance right from the start .
In D i sometimes was shocked how my " well - written " code performed after i compiled it and only a lot of tweaking got the speed right .
So to appeal C++ , Java , C# and x ( x for your favorite programming language ) programmers to D it has to produce executables out of the box which are , from a performance point of view , at least comparable to Java and for the C++ crowd even a bit closer to C ++.
I can live with having about 75 % of the speed of C++ if i can have the better productivity of D .
But at the moment sometimes getting 75 % of the speed of C++ with D out of the box without any optimizations is rarely possible .
So i hope Leonardo you keep going on .
And even if it might sometimes be a bit annoying to the D community it is good that somebody points out the weak spots .
It is not about making the language look bad but to improve it .
If D wants to succeed , these are the things which have to be addressed .
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
leonardo_m Subject : Re : is this really a problem ?
Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-07-15 09:40 pm ( UTC )
You are exactly right here .
As somebody coming from C++ , Java and C# the D programming language really looks very promising to me .
For a lot of things C# is better than D2 .
If you want to develop generic desktop applications in a practical way , and you care of Windows only , C# today may be the best language .
But I like D more anyway because it gives me more freedom about memory is used ( but not much more , because C# has structs and even unions ) , it 's less Windows - centric , and first of all because helping design a new language in a quite small community of people is fun and teaches me many things .
It has a sophisticated design which leads to a much higher productivity and of course fun when coding in it than in C ++.
It 's simpler than C++ , better designed , less powerful than C++ , and it 's quite less bug - prone .
Those for me are the main advantages over C ++.
But at the moment the development time you saved while using it , you have to invest in optimizations .
In the meantime things have changed .
On Linux now you can use LDC , that produces binaries that are about as efficient ( more or less , usually within 5 - 15 % , sometimes they are faster ) than binaries produced by Gcc / G++ from C/C++ code .
So with LDC if you write D1 code like ( usign the style of ) you write C code , or like you write C++ code , then I think you usually will not have performance problems .
Be happy .
In D with LDC there are some performance problems expecially if you use it as Java or Scala , because :
- The GC is primitive still , so if you allocate and deallocate many small objects , like you do usually in Java because of its advanced GC that allows such carefree style of OOP programming ; or because of functional - style programming that keeps producing tons of tiny immutables , then your performance will be low or very low .
- If you use D2 as Scala , with many higher - order functions , the code will get slow , because currently D compilers are n't able to perform most of the smart optimizations done by Scala compiler .
- Currently the built - in associative arrays are very strong , because despite being hash - based they never work worse than a balanced search tree ( unlike Python dicts , that can degenerate in O ( n ^ 2 ) if the hash values are degenerate .
This means D built - in associative arrays are strong against external attacks too ) , but in normal usage they are slow compared to other implementations , like Python dicts .
But this situation can and will improve ( if D will become widespread ) , because :
- The GC is conservative , because of the lower level nature of D code compared to Java code .
But programmers are smart people , and usually some better solution can be found .
For example in future D may have a GC made in two parts , one is a moving one , that acts like a Java GC , especially useful in SafeD code , this is the GC used by most of the D code of most programs , and the second part of the GC acts in a conservative way , like the current GC .
This is just an idea .
- Some optimizations strategies can be added to the D compiler to inline virtual methods and closures .
- Regarding associative arrays , you can use an efficient templated hash map from some library , and in future the situation is going to improve for the build in associative arrays too ( because they will be partially defined in the library , keeping their handy syntax too ) .
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
( Anonymous ) Subject : Re : is this really a problem ?
Link : ( Link ) Time : 2009-07-17 01:53 am ( UTC )
" For a lot of things C# is better than D2 .
If you want to develop generic desktop applications in a practical way , and you care of Windows only , C# today may be the best language . "
The thing is since mono , C# is also quite nice for the Linux world ( i do n't want to argue here about the prejudices against it because it originated by Microsoft or the nearly religious open source flame wars around it ) .
And big pluses here are that it has a very good toolchain which is really nice to use , a good ide , a great framework with everything you need , one ( !!!) standard library and you can really see a constant progress in it getting more mature .
I hope i will see this at some point for D too .
" But I like D more anyway because it gives me more freedom about memory is used ( but not much more , because C# has structs and even unions ) , it 's less Windows - centric , and first of all because helping design a new language in a quite small community of people is fun and teaches me many things . "
And not to forget that D has a better template system which is also an advantage over C# , and at least on the Linux world , a better performance ( at least for the near future ) .
And of course , conversions from C / C++ code are easier done .
And it has system programming language like capabilities .
So it really has a lot to offer and a greater and different range of application .
" It 's simpler than C++ , better designed , less powerful than C++ , and it 's quite less bug - prone .
Those for me are the main advantages over C++. "
Thats what i meant with higher productivity :-)
But the great thing here is , that it 's not so much less powerful than C++ ( the only things missing are : no preprocessor ( could be emulated by templates in a cleaner way ) , multiple inheritance ( could be emulated by templates too ) and limited operator overloading if i remember correctly , which are all really good things to be left out ) .
So basically you have all the power of C++ which is something you can not say about Java / C# .
" In the meantime things have changed .
On Linux now you can use LDC , that produces binaries that are about as efficient ( more or less , usually within 5 - 15 % , sometimes they are faster ) than binaries produced by Gcc / G++ from C/C++ code .
So with LDC if you write D1 code like ( usign the style of ) you write C code , or like you write C++ code , then I think you usually will not have performance problems .
Be happy . "
Thank you very much for the info .
This sounds nice and i really will try it out .
But at the moment , as far as i have seen , it 's not running with windows yet and it seems to support tango only .
I hope that this will change soon .
"- The GC is primitive still , so if you allocate and deallocate many small objects , like you do usually in Java because of its advanced GC that allows such carefree style of OOP programming ; or because of functional - style programming that keeps producing tons of tiny immutables , then your performance will be low or very low . "
This is really a pity since D2 will offer some functional - style programming facilities .
D really needs another garbage collector .
" But this situation can and will improve ( if D will become widespread ) ... "
Let 's really hope for it and try to help .
" Some optimizations strategies can be added to the D compiler to inline virtual methods and closures . "
They really have to be added since D is really lacking in this regard .
( Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread )
leonardo
View : Recent Entries .
View : Archive .
View : Friends .
View : Profile .
View : Website ( My Website ) .
Diff is designed to show you the differences between files , line by line .
It is fundamentally simple to use , but takes a little practice .
Do n't let the length of this article scare you ; you can get some use out of diff by reading only the first page or two .
The rest of the article is for those who are n't satisfied with very basic uses .
While diff is often used by developers to show differences between different versions of a file of source code , it is useful for far more than source code .
For example , diff comes in handy when editing a document which is passed back and forth between multiple people , perhaps via e-mail .
At Linux Journal , we have experience with this .
Often both the editor and an author are working on an article at the same time , and we need to make sure that each ( correct ) change made by each person makes its way into the final version of the article being edited .
The changes can be found by looking at the differences between two files .
However , it is hard to show off how helpful diff can be in finding these kinds of differences .
To demonstrate with files large enough to really show off diff 's capabilities would require that we devote the entire magazine to this one article .
Instead , because few of our readers are likely to be fluent in Latin , at least compared to those fluent in English , we will give a Latin example from Winnie Ille Pu , a translation by Alexander Leonard of A. A. Milne 's Winnie The Pooh ( ISBN 0-525-48335-7 ) .
This will make it harder for the average reader to see differences at a glance and show how useful these tools can be in finding changes in much larger documents .
Quickly now , find the differences between these two passages : Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu .
You may be able to find one or two changes after some careful comparison , but are you sure you have found every change ?
Probably not : tedious , character - by - character comparison of two files should be the computer 's job , not yours .
Use the diff program to avoid eyestrain and insanity : diff -u 1 2 --- 1 Sat Apr 20 22:11:53 1996 +++ 2 Sat Apr 20 22:12:01 1996 - 1,9 +1,9 Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus - modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem + modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo - pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari + pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu .
There are several things to notice here :
The file names and last dates of modification are shown in a “ header ” at the top .
The dates may not mean anything if you are comparing files that have been passed back and forth by e-mail , but they become very useful in other circumstances .
The file names ( in this case , 1 and 2 — are preceded by --- and +++ .
After the header comes a line that includes numbers .
We will discuss that line later .
The lines that did not change between files are shown preceded by spaces ; those that are different in the different files are shown preceded by a character which shows which file they came from .
Lines which exist only in a file whose name is preceded by --- in the header are preceded by a - character , and vice - versa for lines preceded by a + character .
Another way to remember this is to see that the lines preceded by a - character were removed from the first ( --- ) file , and those preceded by a + character were added to the second ( +++ ) file .
Three spelling changes have been made : “ desendendi ” has been corrected to “ descendendi ” , “ non nunquam ” has been corrected to “ nonnunquam ” , and “ no ” has been corrected to “ eo ” .
Perhaps the main thing to notice is that you did n't need this description of how to interpret diff 's output in order to find the differences .
It is rather easy to compare two adjacent lines and see the differences .
It 's not always this easy Unfortunately , if too many adjacent lines have been changed , interpretation is n't as immediately obvious ; but by knowing that each marked line has been changed in some way , you can figure it out .
For instance , in this comparison , where the file 3 contains the damaged contents , and file 4 ( identical to file 2 in the previous example ) contains the correct contents , three lines in a row are changed , and now each line with a difference is not shown directly above the corrected line : diff -u 3 4 --- 3 Sun Apr 21 18:57:08 1996 +++ 4 Sun Apr 21 18:56:45 1996 - 1,9 +1,9 Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus - modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem - sentit , etiam alterum nodum exitare , dummodo - pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari + modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem + sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo + pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu .
It takes a little more work to find the added mistakes ; “ nodum ” for “ modum ” and “ exitare ” for “ exstare ” .
Imagine if 50 lines in a row had each had a one - character change , though .
This begins to resemble the old job of going through the whole file , character - by - character , looking for changes .
All we 've done is ( potentially ) shrink the amount of comparison you have to do .
Fortunately , there are several tools for finding these kinds of differences more easily .
GNU Emacs has “ word diff ” functionality .
There is also a GNU “ wdiff ” program which helps you find these kinds of differences without using Emacs .
Let 's look first at GNU Emacs .
For this example , files 5 and 6 are exactly the same , respectively , as files 3 and 4 before .
I bring up emacs under X ( which provides me with colored text ) , and type : M-x ediff - files RET 5 RET 6 RET
In the new window which pops up , I press the space bar , which tells Emacs to highlight the differences .
Look at Figure 1 and see how easy it is to find each changed word .
Figure 1 . ediff - files 5 6 GNU wdiff is also very useful , especially if you are n't running X . A pager ( such as less ) is all that is required — and that is only required for large differences .
The exact same set of files ( 5 and 6 ) , compared with the command wdiff -t 5 6 , is shown in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 . wdiff -t 5 6 If you are getting extra character sequences like ESC [ 24 instead of getting underline and reverse video , it 's probably because you are using less , which by default does n't pass through all escape characters .
Use less -r instead , or use the more pager .
Either should work .
wdiff uses the termcap database ( that 's what the -t option is for ) to find out how to enable underline and reverse video , and not all termcap entries are correct .
In some instances , I 've found that the linux termcap entry works well for other terminals , since the codes for turning underline and reverse video on and off do n't differ very much across terminals .
To use the linux termcap entry , you can do this : TERM =linux wdiff -t 5 6 | less -r
This will work only with bourne shell derivatives such as bash , not with csh or tesh .
But since you need to do this only to correct for a broken termcap database , this limitation should n't be too much of a problem .
wdiff is n't always built with the termcap support needed to underline and reverse video , and it's not always what you want even if you have a working termcap database , so there 's an alternate output format that is just as easy to understand .
We 'll kill two birds with one stone by also showing off wdiff 's ability to deal with re-wrapped paragraphs while showing off its ability to work without underline and reverse video .
File 8 is the same as the correct file 2 , shown at the beginning of this article , but file 7 ( the corrupted one ) now has much shorter lines , which makes them even harder to compare “ by eye ” : Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum nodum exitare , dummodo pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. wdiff is not confused by the differently - wrapped lines .
The command wdiff 7 8 produces this output : Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus modus gradibus [ - desendendi , non nunquam -] {+descendendi , nonnunquam+} autem sentit , etiam alterum [ - nodum exitare , -] {+ modum exstare , +} dummodo pulsationibus desinere et de [ - no -] { +eo+} modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. Remember the + and - characters ?
They mean the same thing with wdiff as they mean with diff .
( Consistent user interfaces are wonderful . )
Chunks
Near the beginning of this article , I promised to explain this line : - 1,9 +1,9 that describes the chunk that diff found differences in .
In each file , the chunk starts on line 1 and extends for 9 lines beyond the first line .
However , with this small example , the chunk shown in the example contains the whole file .
With larger files , only the lines around the changes , called the context , are shown .
In files 9 and 10 , I 've inserted a lot of blank lines in the middle of the paragraph , in order to show what multiple chunks look like .
File 9 is damaged , file 10 is correct ( except for the blank lines in the middle of the paragraph ) : < h3 > diff -u 9 10</h3 > --- 9 Mon Apr 22 15:46:37 1996 +++ 10 Mon Apr 22 15:46:14 1996 - 1,7 +1,7
Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus - modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem + modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem - 33,7 +33,7 sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo - pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari + pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu .
So you see that we have one seven - line chunk starting at line 1 and one seven - line chunk starting at line 33 are shown here .
You should notice several things here :
There is one header at the top of each chunk .
Blank lines are included as part of a chunk 's context .
Lines that are not changed and that are not within three lines of a changed line are not included in any chunk .
“ Patches ” ( or “ diffs ” ) are the output of the diff program .
They include all the chunks of changes between the two files .
Other formats
This only brushes the surface of diff .
For one thing , the three lines of unchanged context is configurable .
Instead of using the -u option , you can use the - U lines option to specify any reasonable number of lines of context .
You can even specify - U 0 if you do n't want to use any context at all , though that is rarely useful .
What does the -u ( or - U lines ) argument mean ?
It specifies the unified diff format , which is the particular format covered here .
Other formats include : “ context diffs ” which have the same information as unified diffs , but are less compact and less readable
“ ed script diffs ” or “ normal diffs ” which are in a format that can be easily converted into a form that can be used to cause the ( nearly obsolete ) editor ed to automatically change another copy of the old file to match the new file .
This format has no context and could easily be replaced by - U 0 , except for compatibility with older software and the POSIX standard .
You will almost never want to create context or normal diffs , but it may be useful to recognize them from time to time .
Context diffs are marked by the use of the character !
to mark changes , and normal diffs are marked by the use of the characters < and > to mark changes .
Here are examples : diff -c 1 2 *** 1 Sat Apr 20 22:11:53 1996 --- 2 Sat Apr 20 22:12:01 1996 *************** ***
1,9 **** Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus !
modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo !
pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. --- 1,9 ---- Ecce Eduardus Ursus scalis nunc tump - tump - tump occipite gradus pulsante post Christophorum Robinum descendens .
Est quod sciat unus et solus !
modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem sentit , etiam alterum modum exstare , dummodo !
pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari possit .
Deinde censet alios modos non esse .
En , nunc ipse in imo est , vobis ostentari paratus .
Winnie ille Pu. diff 1 2 4c4 < modus gradibus desendendi , non nunquam autem --- > modus gradibus descendendi , nonnunquam autem 6c6 < pulsationibus desinere et de no modo meditari --- < pulsationibus desinere et de eo modo meditari
There are a few other important things to note here :
In context diffs , the * character is used in place of the unified diff's - character , and the - character is used in place of the + character .
The context diff format was designed before the unified diff format , but the unified diff format 's choice of characters is mnemonic and therefore preferable .
Context diffs repeat all context twice for each chunk .
This is a waste of space in files , but far more importantly , it separates the changes too widely , making patches less human - readable .
Normal , old - style diffs are very contracted and use very little space .
They are useful in situations where you do n't normally expect a human to read them , where saving space makes a lot of sense , and where they will never be applied to files which have changed .
For example , RCS ( covered in the May 1996 issue of LJ ) uses a format almost identical to old - style diffs to store changes between versions of files .
This saves space and time in a situation where any context at all would be a waste of space .
Using Patches
When someone changes a file that other people have copies of ( source code , documentation , or just about any other text file ) , they often send patches instead of ( or in addition to ) making the entire new file available .
If you have the old file and the patches , you might wish that you could have a program apply the patches .
You might think that normal diff format , which was made to look like input to the ed program , would be the best way to accomplish this .
As it turns out , this is not true .
A program called patch has been written which is specifically designed to apply patches to files ( change the files as specified in the patch ) .
It correctly recognizes all the formats of patches and applies them .
With unified and context diffs , patch can usually apply patches , even if lines have been added or removed from the file , by looking for unchanged context lines .
Only if the context lines have themselves been changed is patch likely to fail .
To apply patches with patch , you normally have a file containing the patch ( we 'll call it patchfile ) , and then run patch : patch < patchfile Patch is very verbose .
If it gets confused by anything , it stops and asks you in English ( it was written by a linguist , not a computer scientist ) what you want to do .
If you want to learn more about patch , the man page is unusually readable .
