Now Accepting :
Teachers
Login Here User ID
Password
Forgot UserID
Forgot Password
AmazingClassroom.com makes it easy for school teachers ( K - 12 ) to create and maintain a classroom website .
Check out our sample classroom websites
Hover or click the links to learn more !
Keeping parents up to date has never been easier .
After the initial set - up , your website can be updated in minutes per week .
Keeping parents up to date has never been easier .
After the initial set - up , your website can be updated in minutes per week .
Students and teachers love our time saving math facts tests .
Custom Page Names !
Custom Page Names !
Students and teachers love our time saving math facts tests .
Try one now
Login anytime from anywhere to make unlimited changes .
Currently we offer 17 classroom website templates , each containing these optional pages : Math ( contains student 's math facts login )
Science
Comm .
Arts ( includes 8 vocab .
words & meanings )
Spelling ( includes 20 spelling words with game )
Social Studies
Homework
Class Schedule
Class Rules
Class Photos ( up to 3 photos with descriptions ) NEW ! - Custom page bottons !
Change the above page names to any subject or class name .
NEW ! - Custom page bottons !
Change the above page names to any subject or class name .
All templates contain an autolink code that automatically converts website addresses into a links for you .
No HTML required !
All templates contain an autolink code that automatically converts website addresses into a links for you .
No HTML required !
Usage of the website is not required to join .
Many teachers join for the math facts tests or whiteboard resources alone .
Save time !
Weekly classroom newsletter printouts are easily generated from information on your website .
Customize any parts you like , then create a printable PDF file .
Several custom newsletter templates available !
Students login through your website 's math page to take their math facts tests .
Students login through your website 's math page to take their math facts tests .
You choose how many problems , the length of time to take the test , and the starting test level .
You choose how many problems , the length of time to take the test , and the starting test level .
Student scores are saved in a easy to read chart , seen here .
Students advance to the next test when they score 100 % .
Student scores are saved in a easy to read chart , seen here .
Students advance to the next test when they score 100 % .
Save paper !
All math tests are taken and scored online .
Save paper !
All math tests are taken and scored online .
Find out ahead of time how your students will score on the state mandated CCSS tests with our online testing based on the Common Core State Standards .
Find out ahead of time how your students will score on the state mandated CCSS tests with our online testing based on the Common Core State Standards .
Test any Common Core Standard area in Math ( K - 5 ) !
English Language Arts ( K - 5 ) & Science ( K - 5 ) coming soon .
Test any Common Core Standard area incoming soon .
Students ' grades are shown in real time on simple charts & graphs .
Tests are graded on individual standard performance as well as overall score .
Compare class progress between like tests , & print reports showing which standards your class needs to work on .
Students ' grades are shown in real time on simple charts & graphs .
Tests are graded on individualstandard performance as well as overall score .
Compare class progress between like tests , & print reports showing which standards your class needs to work on .
Our test interface is simple , easy to follow , & questions are randomized to avoid cheating .
Our test interface is simple , easy to follow , & questions are randomized to avoid cheating .
Our simple online gradebook allows students and / or parents to login at home to view their grades and comments .
Easy gradebook features include :
Our simple online gradebook allows students and / or parents to login at home to view their grades and comments .
Easy gradebook features include :
Add or delete students
Add a comment for each student
Add or delete assignments
Enter scores for the assignments
Choose to display letter grades ( A B C D F ) , standards based grades ( 1 - 4 ) , or percentage scores
Edit letter grade ranges ( if used )
Print student handouts with login information
View a missing assignment report
View final grade averages
The gradebook login is optional , and may be easily turned on / off in the teachers update area .
The gradebook login is optional , and may be easily turned on / off in the teachers update area .
The fluency practice area offers a variety of guided fluency practice activities for elementary teachers / students .
For word fluency , teachers randomly click through our database containing thousands of common sight words divided by grade level ( K - 6 ) .
For word fluency , teachers randomly click through our database containing thousands of common sight words divided by grade level ( K - 6 ) .
Other online guided fluency activites for your classroom :
Other online guided fluency activites for your classroom : Basic Colors
Numbers 1 - 100
Basic Shapes
Letters A - Z ( uppercase & lowercase )
Days of the Week
Months of the Year
The fluency practice area can be found under whiteboard resources after logging in .
The fluency practice area can be found under whiteboard resources after logging in .
Our whiteboard resource library offers resource packs and lessons for teachers using interactive Smartboards ™ or Promethean Activboards ™ .
Our whiteboard resource library offers resource packs and lessons for teachers using interactive Smartboards ™ or Promethean Activboards ™ .
Currently there are 196 whiteboard resource packs available for download .
Most come in 3 styles : Currently there areavailable for download .
Most come in 3 styles : Promethean Activinspire™ resource pack format
Smart™ Notebook gallery resource pack format
Zip file containing raw images Additionally , we offer 136 Promethean™ flipchart lessons and 122 Smart™ Notebook lessons already created for you .
Lessons available include : spelling , money , fractions , and many more .
Additionally , we offerandalready created for you .
Lessons available include : spelling , money , fractions , and many more .
Also available are 238 printable activity pages already created for you .
Worksheets and activities include : math , communication arts , and more .
Answer keys included !
Also available arealready created for you .
Worksheets and activities include : math , communication arts , and more .
Answer keys included !
Find Your Teacher Teacher 's Last Name :
17 Classroom Website Templates Available !
" The prestige of government has undoubtedly been lowered considerably by the prohibition law .
For nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which can not be enforced .
It is an open secret that the dangerous increase of crime in this country is closely connected with this . "
Albert Einstein , " My First Impression of the U.S.A. " , 1921
boyfriend : ok , so , i have a surprise for you .
keep your eyes closed girlfriend : ok boyfriend : you know those glow - in - the - dark stars you put on your ceiling ?
girlfriend : yea , i had them when i was a kid boyfriend : well , a supplier of them just went out of business , so i bought out their stock boyfriend : open your eyes * a glowing house is shown * boyfriend : i covered your entire house with them !
girlfriend : it 's beautiful !
excuse me for a second * girlfriend walks over to house * * girlfriend is standing by house * girlfriend : my house is a star !
The Dutch artist Desiree Palmen lives and works in Rotterdam , NL .
Many of her pieces are based around the idea of camouflage - the act of being unseen , undetected .
To create the site specific suits Palmen photographs a precise location .
She then paints the image of the place onto a suit by hand .
A person then wears the finished suit and poses in the original location - trying to blend into the space as much as possible .
Remove Ads and Play New Games First !
Sorry , this game is not available on mobile devices
Remove Ads and Play New Games First !
Thank you for voting !
Please leave a tip or a game review below !
Thank you for voting !
Please leave a tip or a game review below !
Game description
Dragon Slayers 2 is a free target game .
The dragons are back again .
Firebreathing down your door and bent on revenge since you slew thier scaly cousins during the last dragon assault .
Instructions
mouse to aim click to pull back arrow release to fire
Dragon Slayers 2 gameplay
CONTENT RATING : Teen + ( more info )
RELEASE DATE : 03 Dec 2009
RATING : 83 %
12,912,890 PLAYS
The icy , mottled world is undergoing seasonal changes
Images taken by the Hubble Space Telescope have revealed some unusual and colourful changes to the surface of Pluto .
Nasa says the dwarf planet on the edge of our solar system is becoming increasingly red .
Its illuminated northern hemisphere is also getting brighter .
Nasa 's scientists believe these are seasonal changes - as the planet heads into a new phase of its 248 - year - long seasonal cycle .
" These changes are most likely consequences of surface ice melting on the sunlit pole and then re-freezing on the other pole , " Nasa 's Space Telescope Science Institute said in a statement .
The overall colour is probably a result of ultraviolet radiation from the distant Sun breaking up methane on Pluto 's surface .
This , scientists say , would leave behind a red carbon - rich residue .
But some astronomers have expressed shock at the changes .
" It 's a little bit of a surprise to see these changes happening so big and so fast , " said Marc Buie , of the Southwest Research Institute .
" This is unprecedented . "
In 2006 , astronomers stripped Pluto of its status as a full planet , downgrading it to a dwarf planet .
Further away and considerably smaller than the eight other " traditional " planets in the solar system , Pluto - at just 2,360 km ( 1,467 miles ) across - is smaller even than some moons .
Nasa said : " The Hubble pictures underscore that Pluto is not simply a ball of ice and rock but a dynamic world that undergoes dramatic atmospheric changes . "
A blog about pots full of rotting food , fungi , larvae and bacteria by a guy who used to know next to nothing at all about biology , chemistry , etc .
Which sadly has come to an end after 166 days , it was an amazing trip guys !
Blog wo n't be deleted for archive purposes .
7 December 2009 - 21 May 2010
You do n't have to fork out hundreds of pounds if you want to get your hands on a new bike , as Perri Lewis finds out when she takes an old bike for a makeover
Get your free copy of Do it Yourself and Save when you buy a copy of the Guardian on January 16 and the Observer on January 17
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
IDF Judge Advocate General Brig .
Gen. Avihai Mandelblit has closed a Military Police case which dealt with two claims raised in the Goldstone Report , according to which IDF soldiers were accused of using Palestinians as human shields during Operation Cast Lead in the Gaza Strip last winter , Army Radio reported on Wednesday .
The complaints were initially made by the left - wing Adala NGO , which claimed that Golani soldiers moved alongside Palestinians they were holding at gunpoint .
The military prosecution ’s examination , where the Palestinians involved were interrogated , revealed the claims to be false .
“ There is no doubt that in a military conflict it is absolutely forbidden to use people as human shields , but this was not the case here , ” Mandelblit wrote in the report obtained by the radio station .
Following complaints registered before the Goldstone Report ’s publication , commanders and soldiers in the Golani Brigade were interrogated for months .
Abbas Halawa and Mahmoud al Agrami , two Palestinians who made the claims , said they were used as human shields and led at gunpoint in the streets of Jabalya .
They further claimed that soldiers abused detainees , took their possessions and committed other acts of vandalism .
But Mandelblit wrote in his report that interrogations of both the troops and the Palestinians in question revealed the claims to be untrue .
“ The Palestinian who remained in their homes , despite instructions to evacuate , were arrested and led to a location about one kilometer from their homes .
But they were walking among the troops , not in front of them , ” he wrote .
“ Contrary to the Palestinians ’ claims , the soldiers ’ guns were not aimed at their heads , and according to the military were held in the customary position for urban warfare .
” The claims regarding vandalism were also refuted .
Mandelblit summed up his report saying , “ There is no doubt that in armed conflict it is strictly forbidden to use people as human shields but this is not the case .
Being escorted to a military installation does not risk the well - being of the detainees and is therefore neither a breach of the laws of war nor a war crime .
” Since the end of Cast Lead , some 140 Military Police cases have been opened and more than 80 Palestinians have been called to testify in Israel .
Some of the cases are still ongoing .
The IDF assesses that only a handful of indictments will eventually be served .
The military prosecutor writes a report that accompanies the closure of any Military Police investigation .
The report is routinely transferred to the chief of General Staff and other General Staff top officers .
MOSCOW  Russia ’s top space researchers will hold a closed - door meeting to plan a mission to deflect 99942 Apophis , an asteroid that will fly close to Earth two decades from now , said Anatoly N. Perminov , the head of Russia ’s space agency , during an interview on Russian radio on Wednesday .
Mr. Perminov said Apophis , named for the Egyptian god of destruction , is about three times the size of the Tunguska meteorite , apparently the cause of a 1908 explosion in Siberia that knocked over an estimated 80 million trees .
He said that according to his experts ’ calculation , there was still time to design a spacecraft that could alter Apophis ’s path before it made a dangerous swing toward Earth .
“ I do n’t remember exactly , but it seems to me it could hit the Earth by 2032 , ” he said , adding , “ We ’re talking about people ’s lives here .
It ’s better to spend several million dollars and create this system , which would not allow a collision to happen , than wait for it to happen and kill hundreds of thousands of people . ”
In fact , Apophis ’s chances of hitting Earth have been downgraded since it was discovered in 2004 , NASA said this year .
Scientists originally thought the orbit of the 1,000 - foot - long asteroid gave it a 2.7 percent chance of hitting Earth on its first approach in 2029 , but after studying its path they said it would remain 18,300 miles above the planet ’s surface .
Recession has caused retail and other companies to cut prices to make the product more enticing for consumers .
NASA is not far behind .
The agency announced the price cut of its 70 era Space Shuttles from $ 42 million to $ 28.8 million per shuttle .
They will be available for the sale price once they are decommissioned in fall .
Space Shuttle Availability –
The new lower price is based on NASA ’s estimate of the cost for transporting a shuttle from Kennedy Space Center to a major U.S. airport , and for displaying it indoors in a climate - controlled building .
The travel cost may vary based on location .
NASA has moved up the delivery date to the latter half of 2011 , instead of 2012 .
Potential customers have until Feb. 19 to put in a request .
As for the space shuttle main engines , those are now free .
NASA advertised them for $ 400,000 to $ 800,000 each in December 2008 , but no one expressed interest .
So now the engines are available , along with other shuttle artifacts , for the cost of transportation and handling .
Source : abcnews.go.com
Berlin , 25.02.2010 – Michael Schulz ist der Piratenpartei beigetreten .
Der 32 - jährige ist Abgeordneter der Bezirksverordnetenversammlung ( BVV ) Berlin - Reinickendorf .
Damit sind die Piraten nun mit einem Abgeordneten in der Bezirksverordnetenversammlung vertreten .
Dort wird Schulz zukünftig die Ausschüsse Haushalt , Kultur und Bürgerdienste sowie Ordnungs - und Verwaltungsaufgaben besetzen .
Schulz ist Gründungsmitglied und Ex-Bundesvorsitzender der „ Grauen – Generationspartei “ .
Zuvor war er stellvertretender Vorsitzender der „ Grauen Panther “ .
In der Piratenpartei sieht Schulz seine Überzeugungen darüber , wie Politik gemacht werden sollte , beheimatet : „ Es war ein langer Entwicklungsprozess , der sich nun stark kanalisiert hat .
Die bekannten „ Volksparteien “ haben keinen Reiz für meine Sicht der politischen Zukunft unserer Stadt und vor allem für meinen Kiez .
Bei den Piraten wird klar und ohne Polemik auf elementare Unzulänglichkeiten der heutigen Politikszene hingewiesen .
Diese Art der Kommunikation entspricht der meinen .
Als Pirat kann ich meine bisherige politische Arbeit in Reinickendorf konsequent fortsetzen . “
Auch inhaltlich sieht Schulz große Parallelen zwischen seiner Arbeit für die „ Grauen “ und den Piraten : „ Im Kern ihrer Programmatik stehen bei beiden die unwiderruflichen Rechte von uns Bürgern , insbesondere Privatsphäre und Bürgerrechte .
Sogar die Generationsgerechtigkeit ist bei beiden vorhanden .
Zwar steht diese bei den Piraten nicht im Fokus , aber vielleicht kann ich zu diesem
Thema ja einiges beitragen : Nur wenn wir alle Generationen ins gemeinsame Boot holen , können wir das Wort Generationengerechtigkeit mit umsetzbaren Inhalten füllen . “
Auch Andreas Baum , Vorsitzender des Landesverbands Berlin , freut sich über den Neuzugang : „ Michael ist ein echter Pirat :
Wie für unsere Partei steht auch für ihn der Mensch im Mittelpunkt seines politischen Handelns .
Von seinen lokalpolitischen Erfahrungen als BVV - Abgeordneter können wir natürlich nur profitieren – schließlich planen auch wir den Einzug in das Abgeordnetenhaus und die Bezirksverordnetenversammlungen 2011 . “
Seit einigen Jahren baut Schulz ein Jugendprojekt in Reinickendorf auf .
Mit diesem möchte er Jugendlichen Angebote am Abend und an den Wochenenden bieten .
Auch bei den Piraten wird er seine Erfahrungen aus der Jugendarbeit einbringen .
Seine politische Arbeit für die BVV - Reinickendorf will Schulz so weiterführen , wie er dies auch in der Vergangenheit getan hat : Bürgeranfragen bearbeitet er ebenso intensiv wie eine Große Anfrage .
„ Kurz gesagt “ , fasst Schulz zusammen , „ in Zukunft werde ich mich auch weiterhin für die Menschen aus meinem Bezirk intensiv einsetzen .
Frei von falschen Zwängen und den verfänglichen Verflechtungen der lokalen Politik und ihrer Netzwerke . “
Die Piratenpartei hat bereits einige politische Übertritte zu verzeichnen .
2009 traten ihr der SPD - Bundestagsabgeordnete und ehemalige Sprecher für Bildung , Forschung und Medien , Jörg Tauss , sowie Herbert Rusche , Mitgründer der Grünen , und die ehemalige grüne Bundesvorsitzende Angelika Beer bei .
Für Pressegespräche steht Michael Schulz gerne zur Verfügung .
Anfragen richten
Sie bitte an die Pressestelle der Piratenpartei Berlin :
Axel Kistner und Lena Rohrbach
Mail : presse@berlin.piratenpartei.de
Fon : 0174-4505145
What we do is about more than the latest technology .
It ’s about you .
Your lifestyle .
Your needs .
Bringing you an ever - elevated entertainment experience .
With the performance and support you can be sure of .
Who knew ?
Canada has rocked the Vancouver Olympics in a way nobody anticipated .
The most medals , not the most gold , was the stated goal of the Own the Podium program .
Canada fell well short in the first , but was nailing the second by the penultimate day of the Games on Saturday .
The home team was assured of winning the most gold medals in the 2010 Winter Games with 13 , and had a chance at a 14th heading into Sunday 's men 's hockey final against the U.S.
With three medal events remaining , Germany was second Saturday with 10 gold .
Canada 's 11th came in speedskating , the 12th in snowboarding and the 13th in men's curling Saturday to establish a record for gold medals by a host country in a Winter Olympics .
The previous record was 10 by Norway ( 1994 ) and the U.S. ( 2002 ) .
Call it the law of unintended consequences , says Canadian Olympic Committee chairman Chris Rudge .
" I think once you see our final numbers , the number of golds and silvers is going to be exceptional compared to where we historically have been , " he says .
" This is something we 'll have to understand . "
Why did it happen ? "
Canada has won more gold medals in Vancouver than in any Winter or Summer Games .
Canadians picked up 10 gold at the 1984 Summer Games , which were boycotted by a number of countries .
In Winter Games , the previous high was seven , in both 2002 and 2006 .
Canada has also added its name to the record for the most gold medals at a Winter Games , set by the Soviet Union in 1976 and tied by Norway in 2002 .
Unlikelies come through
Rudge said a year ago the Canadian sport system was n't mature enough to go for the most gold in Vancouver .
Developing an Olympian with medal potential takes one to two decades .
Own the Podium had only five years from when it was established in 2005 to ramp up preparation for 2010 .
What team officials did n't bank on , however , was the gold - or - bust , all - or - nothing attitude of some of Canada 's athletes here .
Ski-cross racer Chris Del Bosco was an example of an Olympian who crashed and burned in his quest for gold instead of settling for bronze .
On the other side of the coin , skeleton racer Jon Montgomery was expected to finish in second or third , and exceeded expectations to get to the top of the podium .
Snowboarder Jasey - Jay Anderson , a four - time world champion who did n't win a medal in three previous Olympics , came through with gold Saturday .
" We 're going to reflect on these Games and see that the impact of setting ambitious goals has in fact worked well , not in the way we thought it would , " Rudge said .
" Maybe one of the shakeouts is we may have lost some medals because athletes like Chris Del Bosco said , ' I did n't come here to be third . " '
In the early part of this decade , Canada 's sport federations set OTP 's sights on winning more medals than any other country in 2010 .
That goal was considered attainable , with the $ 117 million OTP spent on improved athlete support and development .
But Canada did n't come close to winning the most medals at its own Games .
While the country surpassed its previous high of 24 ( 7 - 10 - 7 ) set four years ago in Turin , Italy , the hosts will finish third with at least 26 .
The overall title goes to the U.S. , guaranteed a 37th medal from men's hockey Sunday .
Germany again was second with 29 .
" Through some kind of transference , I might segue over to gold medals and say Own The Podium met its goal , but that would be unfair and that would be a rationalization , " Rudge said .
" Our goal was the most medals and we did n't get the most medals .
" There was considerable debate coming into these Games in our world as to whether or not , or when , do we start segueing from total medals into perhaps looking at gold medals .
There are a number of countries such as Japan or Brazil who only evaluate the performance based on gold medals and maybe that is a standard we will move to . "
Favourites falter
OTP head Roger Jackson won a gold medal in rowing at the 1964 Olympics , so does n't blame Canada 's athletes for making the top step of the podium their priority over team goals set by officials .
But Canada squandered opportunities to pad its medal totals and even add to its gold count .
The women 's long - track team in the pursuit and World Cup leader Mellisa Hollingsworth in skeleton were favourites to win their events , but did n't reach the podium at all .
Cheryl Bernard missed her final shot in the women 's curling final to give up a steal and the gold to Sweden .
A strong men's aerials team was shut out of the medals for the second straight Olympics .
The alpine ski team produced no hardware .
Canada headed into Sunday with seven fourth - place finishes and 13 fifth - place results .
" There 's a heavy loading on the winning end of the spectrum , " Jackson said .
" Maybe the characteristic of our Games is that we 've gotten a lot of people up to first , and we have a tremendous number of athletes that are fourth and fifth .
" I just wish we would have a couple more of potential medallists who could medal and did n't quite do it .
From the overall national goal of Own the Podium , I would have preferred to see performances that were more calculated and more under control than the crash - and - burns . "
Over 20 Attorneys & 65 Years Experience
With more than 20 attorneys , over 65 years of trial experience , and a long record of successful results , O’Connor , McGuinness , Conte , Doyle , Oleson , Watson & Loftus , LLP is a firm that you can trust with your most challenging case .
Our firm also acts as supervisory and advisory counsel for cases nationwide , assisting local trial counsel , providing assistance in the effective preparation of cases , case evaluation , case management , evaluation of potential verdict value , witness preparation and selection of appropriate trial experts .
Our expertise , aggressive advocacy and extensive case preparation have fostered an outstanding record of success at both the trial and appellate levels .
A blue wave rolled towards Westminster today as thousands of people marched wearing the colour to call for action on climate change .
World leaders will meet next week in Copenhagen with the aim of securing a new deal to tackle rising temperatures .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Environmental campaigners , aid agencies , wildlife charities , religious groups and trade unions took part in The Wave , a march organised by the Stop Climate Chaos Coalition .
An open - top double decker bus led the march , decked with banners telling the Prime Minister : " Get on board Gordon .
Make Copenhagen Count . "
Behind it , a huge crowd chanted : " Climate justice .
Now . "
Among the crowd were Pip and Beryl Cartwright from Witney , Oxfordshire , who said they had not been prompted to protest since the miners ' strike .
Mr Cartwright , 73 , said : " It 's for the future .
It 's not my generation that 's going to have the problem to solve . "
The former geography and geology teacher said he was " only too aware " of the dangers of global warming .
" We wanted to make a positive statement , " he added .
" What annoys me in London and other big cities is all these offices leave their lights on all night when I try to turn mine off .
" I was brought up in the war so things like turning lights off is second nature to me . "
Mrs Cartwright , 67 , added : " Everybody 's got to work together .
Every individual as well as every group .
" We felt it was important to come here today . "
Organisers estimated 40,000 people joined the march in London with 7,000 more at a similar protest in Scotland .
Juliana Smith , 49 , from Surbiton , Surrey , was among those in central London .
" We are a normal family and this is our chance to say something , " she said .
" We feel powerless most of the time . "
She said the Government must be tough and force people to change .
" A carrot 's not going to work , " she argued .
Her husband Phil said : " It 's the biggest challenge humanity 's ever been faced with . "
Fixed some typos .
Original Editable version 2 of 2
I am a big fan of solid state disks .
But not those fancy expensive SATA disks which are all the rage .
I mean low end , dirt cheap SSDs .
Compact flash and SD cards .
If you have an old laptop , you can either buy a new hard drive for $ 80 , or buy a CF card and CF - IDE adapter for $ 30 .
Sure , the hard drive has ten or twenty times the capacity .
But flash is ten times as awesome .
Only problem is that quality control is all over the map .
Some cheap flash cards will work for years .
I 've had one with an internal short , it started melting and bubbling the moment it was plugged in .
Once , I had a card that worked great for a few months and then completely died .
This is the story of that card and its recovery .
The superblock was gone .
The backup superblocks were gone .
The drive was in shambles , and fsck could not fix it .
At this point , normal procedure is to DD the drive and do more aggressive work on the image .
DD could not read the drive .
Oh , it would try for a while .
Three gigabytes into the 8GB drive , DD would stop .
The device jumped from / dev/sdc1 to / dev/sdd1 .
DD really was not built to handle such insanity .
There is an app called ddrescue meant to be like DD , but more thorough .
It too was stymied by the disappearing device node .
Instead of freezing , it would fill the remainder of the image with zeros .
Hardly useful .
Basically , CF cards do not work like hard drives .
If a hard drive hits a bad cluster , it will promptly return bad data .
If a CF card has a bad chunk , it will lock up .
DD needs a slight redesign for these conditions .
Here 's my wrapper for DD : dd-decrepit.py .
I might rewrite it as a shell script .
Python seems overkill and I did not know about the timeout while I wrote the first version .
Dd - decrepit works by reading the drive in 1024 KB chunks .
If it takes more than a few seconds to read the block , the DD processes is killed and it tries again as two 512KB blocks .
This recursion can continue down to a single kilobyte , if need be .
There was some really funky stuff going on .
Many instances a single 1024KB read would fail , but both 512KB reads would succeed .
It will also check periodically to make sure the device node has not vanished .
If it has , it pauses and will ask you to reconnect the drive .
Then it continues where it left off .
This worked flawlessly , but is very very slow .
Imaging an 8 GB parition took three hours .
About 100MB of the partition could not be recovered , but this was expected considering the massive damage .
Once you have the complete image , retrieving the old files is a snap .
I am assuming the drive is ext2 , the most stable option for flash file systems .
Tweak the commands accordingly for other file systems .
Copy the image .
his recovery process could mess up the image , and you do n't want to wait another three hours to clone the drive again .
mke2fs -S mirror.img
This is the crucial step .
It will format the image , but only writes the high level structures .
Your data stays intact .
Also , it needs the identical settings used to initially format the partition .
You did write these down somewhere , right ?
e2fsck -y mirror.img
Expect this to take a very long time .
Expect to run it multiple times .
My first pass segfaulted .
The second pass took 90 minutes and placed many files in / lost + found / .
mount -o loop -t ext2 mirror.img /tmp/loop
And there is the ghost of your drive .
find /tmp/loop / lost + found / - type f - print0 | xargs - 0 file >
/tmp/ filelist
We often see images that are of such good quality we do n't consider whether the picture is reality or if it was computer generated .
Take our Fake or Foto challenge and see if you can tell the difference between our real photos and those which are computer generated .
Start
The couple are looking forward to a belated Christmas dinner A woman who left her remote home in the Scottish Highlands to buy a turkey for Christmas has finally been able to get back home - 30 days after she set out .
Heavy snow meant it was not possible for Kay Ure to get back to Cape Wrath after a shopping trip to Inverness .
The 54 - year - old and her husband John live in the Lighthouse Keeper 's cottage at Cape Wrath , on Britain 's north western tip , where they run a cafe .
Bad weather meant Mrs Ure could not complete the last 11 miles home .
However , an easing of the poor conditions allowed Mr Ure , 57 , to travel to Durness in Sutherland to pick up his wife .
Six dogs Mr Ure told BBC Scotland they were very happy to be finally reunited .
He said : " It was nice to see her again and she was glad to be home .
We 're just having small Christmas festivities today and having something nice to eat . "
Mr Ure added : " We knew when we moved here it was going to be quite a harsh environment and we were quite prepared for that . "
His wife 's trip to Inverness and back involved an 11 - mile car drive , a boat trip and a bus ride .
On her return , the road to the lighthouse was blocked by heavy snow .
She spent Christmas in a friend 's caravan in Durness , while her husband had the company of their six dogs , and two walkers who popped into the cafe .
Mrs Ure left for Inverness on an organised shopping excursion on 23 December .
Her husband drove her the 11 miles to a jetty where their boat is moored and from there they crossed the Kyle of Durness where Mrs Ure was picked up by a minibus .
On her return to Durness the heavy snow had blocked the route to the lighthouse and Mr Ure was unable to make the drive to pick her up .
The couple moved from Glasgow to Durness several years ago before moving further north to Cape Wrath .
They opened the lighthouse cafe in the summer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two months after nearly dying in the Canadian wilderness , UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar is healthy and ready to fight – against challengers to his belt and against anyone advocating health care reform in the U.S .
Lesnar still wo n't say exactly where in Canada he was last November , when a severe bout of diverticulosis made him so ill that his career and long - term quality of life both were jeopardized , but in a conference call to announce his return to action he blasted the hospital system here .
" They could n't do nothing for me , " he said Wednesday .
" It was like I was in a Third World country .
... I 'm just stating the facts here , and that 's the facts .
If I had to choose between getting care in Canada or in the United States , I definitely want to be in the United States . "
The disdain the UFC heavyweight champion , who calls himself a " Conservative Republican , " feels for Canada 's health care system bubbled over after a November hunting trip .
For about a year beforehand Lesnar had suffered from intermittent stomach pains , fatigue and flu symptoms , but worked through the discomfort , which U.S. doctors eventually diagnosed as mononucleosis .
But the symptoms persisted and drained him so badly that he had to cancel a Nov. 21 title defence against Shane Carwin .
With his calendar suddenly wide open he headed to Canada for a hunting trip , where sharp stomach pain and a 40C fever sent him into shock and into hospital .
When Lesnar arrived at the hospital – three hours ' drive from his Canadian cabin but within driving distance of Bismarck , N.D. – he said doctors were unhelpful , and unable to diagnose him because of malfunctioning equipment .
After his wife checked him out and drove him to a hospital in Bismarck , doctors diagnosed him with diverticulosis , a condition characterized by inflamed and perforated pouches in the lining of the intestine .
In Lesnar 's case , a hole in his colon had grown unchecked for a year , giving rise to the infection that finally toppled him in November .
Lesnar says his poor treatment in Canada and quick diagnosis in America confirm his belief that the U.S. should resist any attempts to socialize its health care system .
But joining the political battle against health care reform does n't mean Lesnar has abandoned throwing down in the ring .
In between taking shots at Canada 's health care system , he did address his future in the octagon , which he said includes a return to serious training Thursday morning and a summer title defence against the winner of a March bout between contenders Carwin and Frank Mir .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
mcampbell@thestar.ca
Jay Leno will get his one - hour show back , and it will be called " The Tonight Show " .... sources tell TMZ .
We 're told NBC honchos still have to sit down with Jay 's rep and put the finishing touches on a new deal , but NBC has signed off on the plan if Conan O'Brien leaves ... and Conan has made it clear that he 's leaving the network , and not on good terms .
O'Brien took several cheap shots at Leno in his blistering letter , denigrating Leno 's show as a " comedy program . "
Sources tell TMZ Jay and Conan have not spoken with each other since NBC announced the switch .
It 's looking increasingly like Conan may be making a deal with Fox for a late night show from 11:00 PM to midnight .
Faut - il surveiller , filtrer et censurer le Net comme le fait la Chine , et comme le prônait récemment le chanteur Bono ?
Les droits d’auteur sont - ils plus importants que les droits de l’homme ?
Comment se fait - il que ceux qui luttent contre le piratage soient les premiers à vouloir pirater nos ordinateurs ?
Comment interpréter le fait que l’UMP , Frédéric Lefebvre , et l’Hadopi elle - même ont , tous , été pris la main dans le pot de confiture en train de « pirater » des contenus protégés dont il ne détenaient pas les droits … pendant , ou depuis l’adoption de la loi ?
Associations de consommateurs , de défense des droits de l’homme , de professionnels de l ’Internet , de promotion des logiciels libres , parlementaires européens … les opposants à l ’Hadopi n’ont eu de cesse de répéter que cette loi serait techniquement inapplicable , et politiquement liberticide .
Alors que vient de paraître le décret portant création de cette « Haute autorité pour la diffusion des œuvres et la protection des droits sur Internet « , j’ai proposé à Rebecca Manzoni de revenir sur son histoire , et de dresser pour eclectik , ce samedi 23 janvier à 10h sur France Inter , la chronologie des plus beaux plantages ( # fail , en mode internet ) de cette longue saga de « piratages gradués « .
MaJ : rajout des affaires Luc Châtel , du DVD de l’Elysée ( via lesmotsontunsens.com ) , des deux caviardages de Wikipedia par le ministère de la Culture , des deux abonnements au Net de Frédéric Mitterrand , des aveux de Carla Bruni , ou encore des amendements des opposants à l’Hadopi …
Au commencement était la DADVSI , loi sur les Droit d’auteur et droits voisins dans la société de l’information .
Problème , comme le soulignait récemment Authueil :
A force de censures constitutionnelles , de changements législatifs multiples et mal coordonnés , de décrets qui ne sortent jamais , on se rend compte qu’il ne reste plus grand chose de DADVSI .
Et ce qui en reste serait plutôt à l’avantage des consommateurs et des internautes .
Puis vinrent les Accords de l’Elysée , rédigés par Denis Olivennes et signés par 46 entreprises et organisations représentatives du monde de la culture ( cinéma , musique , télévisuel ) et de l’internet ( fournisseurs d’accès ) qui servirent de base de réflexion à l ’Hadopi , et prévoyait de filtrer le Net , et de couper l’accès en cas de téléchargement .
Problème : ces accords furent rapidement dénoncés par plusieurs des signataires ( dont Free , Orange , SFR , Numéricable et Dailymotion ) , qui dénoncèrent les conditions de signature du texte en question .
Fin octobre 2008 , le ministère de la Culture lance Jaimelesartistes .fr , site de soutien à l ’Hadopi , conçu par l ’agence L’Inconscient Collectif , qui se targue de pouvoir « reproduire intuitivement les processus mentaux qui entraînent l’adhésion de communautés à une marque , un produit ou un service , pour les ancrer dans l’inconscient collectif « .
Problème : on découvre peu après qu’il fait aussi la promotion d’un site de téléchargement illégal .
La mention est retirée prestement .
Le 3 novembre 2008 , La Tribune obtient la copie de l’avis de la CNIL ( confidentiel ) .
Problème : elle fustige le projet de loi Hadopi .
Non contente de souligner que la baisse du chiffre d’affaires des industries culturelles ( argument d’autorité avancé pour justifier la pénalisation du téléchargement ) ne reposait sur aucune étude circonstanciée permettant d’en incomber la responsabilité aux internautes , le projet de loi « ne comporte pas en l’état les garanties nécessaires pour assurer un juste équilibre entre le respect de la vie privée et le respect des droits d’auteur « .
Frédéric Lefebvre : faites ce que je dis , pas ce que je fais
Le 16 décembre , Frédéric Lefebvre , dans un discours mémorable , en appelle à la régulation de l’internet , qui « provoque chaque jour des victimes » :
Combien faudra - t - il de jeunes filles violées pour que les autorités réagissent ?
Combien faudra - t - il de morts suite à l’absorption de faux médicaments ?
Combien faudra -t - il d’adolescents manipulés ?
Combien faudra - t - il de bombes artisanales explosant aux quatre coins du monde ?
Combien faudra - t - il de créateurs ruinés par le pillage de leurs œuvres ?
Problème : le 18 , on découvre que le propre site web de Frédéric Lefebvre est truffé de dessins de presse pillés sans même en avoir demandé l’autorisation à leurs créateurs … dessins qui , pour certains , dénoncent précisément les propos et l’action du porte - parole de l’UMP .
Fin janvier 2009 , l’UMP diffuse , dans ses meetings , le titre « Kids » du groupe MGMT , très populaire auprès des jeunes .
Problème : l’UMP n’avait pas négocié les droits de la chanson , ce qui fait bondir Isabelle Wekstein , juriste spécialisée notamment dans les droits d’auteur : «
On voit que ceux qui préconisent la chasse aux internautes ne sont pas les plus respectueux du droit des artistes « .
Le 14 février , l’article « loi Hadopi » de l’encyclopédie Wikipédia est caviardé .
Problème : l’adresse IP du « pirate » est celle du ministère de la Culture ( qui , cela dit , depuis , a reconnu qu’une adresse IP certes ê tre falsifiée ) .
Le 12 mars , le ministère de la Culture explique que Jaimeslesartistes .fr , le site qu’il a monté pour défendre l’Hadopi a coûté entre 50 et 85 000 euros , qu’il a déjà fait l’objet de plusieurs attaques informatiques , et qu’ils ont pris leurs dispositions .
Problème : le ministère défie aussi les pirates : « il peuvent toujours attaquer , le site est super blindé « .
Le site retombe et est rendu inaccessible , dans la foulée ; plusieurs hébergeurs se repassent la patate chaude , ne désirant ni perdre du temps à super - super - blinder Jaimeslesartistes .fr , ni être associé à ce projet de loi mal vu par les internautes , et les professionnels du Net .
Christine Albanel , l’internet et la Gestapo
Toujours ce 12 mars , Christine Albanel , à l’Assemblée nationale , dénonce « la caricature affreuse , qui consiste à présenter cette Haute Autorité composée de magistrats comme une sorte d’antenne de la Gestapo « .
Problème : sur le Net , on appelle ça un point Godwin ( décerné à ceux qui dérapent , et se discréditent , en invoquant le nazisme faute d’autres arguments ) .
Sur les bancs de l’opposition , c’est la curée , un scandale , jamais les députés opposés au projet de loi ne s’étant abaissé à une telle comparaison .
La ministre retire rapidement « le mot Gestapo « , mais le mal est fait , et Patrick Bloche , qui rappelle que sa grand - mère a été gazée à Auschwitz , se plaît à le lui rappeler .
Le 2 avril , Christine Albanel cherche à répondre à ceux qui lui expliquent que les logiciels de sécurité informatique que l’Hadopi veut imposer sont incompatibles avec les logiciels libres , et que leurs utilisateurs seront donc d’emblée considérés comme suspects , faute de pouvoir les utiliser .
Problème : elle démontre surtout son incompétence technique en expliquant , à l’Assemblée , que … en fait , personne n’a jamais réussi à comprendre ce qu’elle voulait expliquer , mais les internautes ont beaucoup rigolé :
Sur les logiciels … sur l’affaire des logiciels libres , évidemment les logiciels libres , quand on achète , évidemment des logiciels , par exemple le pack Microsoft ( ça c’est pas du logiciel libre ) :
Word , Excel , Powerpoint , il y a évidemment des pare - feux , je viens de le dire , il y a des logiciels de sécurisation .
Mais sur les logiciels libres vous pouvez également avoir des pare - feux , qui d’ailleurs , mais évidemment .
Par exemple , nous au ministère , nous avons un logiciel libre , qui s’appelle Open Office et il y a effectivement un logiciel de sécurisation qui empêche en effet le ministère à la Culture d’avoir accès , bien sûr , et les éditeurs de logiciels libres fournissent des pare - feux , et fournissent même des pare - feux gratuits .
Donc cet argument est sans fondement .
Voilà ce que je voulais dire .
Dans la foulée , l’Assemblée nationale adopte le projet de loi .
TF1 s’en félicite en montrant dans on JT un hémicycle plein à craquer .
Problème : en fait , l’hémicycle était quasi - désert , il n’était que 16 députés , à voter .
Sur le Net , c’est la curée .
Le CSA envisage d’ailleurs de lui imposer une sanction financière .
Le 9 avril , l’Assemblée revote le texte adopté par le Sénat .
L’hémicycle compte 16 députés UMP , contre 8 pour l’opposition .
Confiant , Frédéric Lefebvre était parti manger .
Méfiants , les conseillers UMP avaient quand « même été voir dans les chiottes et la bibliothèque » ( sic ) pour être sûrs d’avoir la majorité .
Problème : au moment de voter , une dizaine de députés socialistes , cachés derrière les rideaux rouges de l ’Assemblée , font basculer le vote , et rejettent le texte de loi , par 21 voix contre 15 .
Sur le Net , c’est la curée , qui fête cette victoire des « ninjas socialistes « .
Le 10 , alors que le gouvernement se demande comment il va sortir de ce mauvais pas , lePost .
fr ressort une déclaration de Carla Bruni extraite d’un reportage intitulé « Les Pirates du Net » diffusé le 6 mai 2004 sur France 2 .
Problème :
« C’est très incorrect , mais j’ai grand plaisir à être téléportée .
Je dis que j’ai grand plaisir à être copiée , que j’ai grand plaisir à être piratée , car au fond quand on est piraté c’est qu’on intéresse les gens . »
Le 28 avril , l’UMP parvient enfin à clôre le dossier du piratage de la chanson de MGMT .
Après avoir proposé la somme colossale de … 1 € symbolique , le groupe obtient finalement 30 000 € de dommages et intérêts (+ 2500 € de frais d’avocats ) , à la veille de la reprise du débat parlementaire .
Signataires fantômes pour pétition bidon
Début mai , la pétition pro-Hadopi de jaimelesartistes .
fr se targue d’avoir réuni les signatures de 10 000 artistes .
Problème : elle est aussi truffée de bizarreries .
13 % des signataires sont en fait employés de maisons de disque ( des directeurs financiers aux standardistes ) , 3 % disent avoir été trompé sur la teneur de la pétition , et trois artistes au moins ont publiquement contesté l’avoir jamais signé … et si 22 % des signataires sont inconnus , on y trouve même une certaine « lola DTC » ( « Dans Ton C.. « , en argot internet ) .
Le 7 mai , on apprend que le responsable du pôle innovation web de TF1 venait d’être licencié pour avoir expliquer à sa députée , de manière pourtant fort courtoise , ce pour quoi il était hostile à l’Hadopi .
Problème : il ne s’était jamais exprimé publiquement en tant que salarié de TF1 , mais à titre privé .
C’est Françoise de Panafieu qui , trouvant le mail intéressant , l ’a transmis au ministère de la Culture , qui s ’en est plaint auprès du service juridique de TF1 , qui a viré son employé , coupable de crime de lèse - pensée .
Le responsable de la délation , au ministère , est mis à pied ( depuis , il a été promu officier de la Légion d’honneur ) .
TF1 est de nouveau éclaboussé .
Jérôme Bourreau , premier « martyr de l’Hadopi « , sert d’argumentaire à ceux qui veulent démontrer que l’Hadopi s’attaque aux libertés .
Le 12 mai , l ’Assemblée revote le projet de loi .
L’hémicycle est plein à craquer ( pour de vrai , cette fois ) et le projet de loi est adopté par 296 votes pour , 233 contre .
Problème : alors que la CNIL s’était initialement prononcée contre le projet de loi , on découvre que sur les cinq députés qui sont par ailleurs commissaires de la CNIL , quatre ont voté pour le texte de loi , les yeux fermés , le doigt sur la couture du pantalon .
Mieux : le rapporteur de l’UMP s’avère être l’un de ces députés commissaires de la CNIL , qui s’en retrouve elle aussi éclaboussée .
La CNIL valide , mais le Conseil censure
Le 10 juin , c’est au tour du Conseil Constitutionnel d’en rajouter dans la curée : il censure en effet les principales dispositions du texte de loi… Christine Albanel avait martelé qu’Internet n’est pas une « liberté fondamentale » ?
Problème : les Sages lui rétorquent que sa loi porte atteinte à « à la liberté d’expression et de communication « .
L’Hadopi voulait pouvoir couper l’accès Internet des suspects , sans qu’ils puissent se défendre devant un juge ?
Les Sages rappellent que dans un état de droit , ce n’est pas au suspect d’apporter la preuve de son innocence , mais à l’accusation d’apporter la preuve de sa culpabilité :
« En vertu de l’article 9 de la Déclaration de 1789 , tout homme est présumé innocent jusqu’à ce qu’il ait été déclaré coupable ( … ) en principe le législateur ne saurait instituer de présomption de culpabilité en matière répressive ».
En l’état , la loi n’est plus applicable et l’Hadopi ne peut plus sanctionner , mais uniquement avertir …
Les internautes sont morts de rire .
Le 23 juin 2009 , sortie affaiblie par l’Hadopi , Christine Albanel est remplacée par Frédéric Mitterrand au ministère de la Culture .
Le même jour , Hervé Morin , ministre de la Défense et président du Nouveau Centre , publie une « Déclaration des droits fondamentaux numériques » qui , Hadopi aidant , fait grand cas de la notion de « droits d’autrui « .
Problème : si la Déclaration des droits de l’homme était réécrite elle aussi au regard de l’Hadopi , elle rimerait comme suit :
Nul ne peut être arbitrairement arrêté , détenu ou exilé , sous réserve de ne pas porter atteinte aux droits d’autrui .
Toute personne accusée d’un acte délictueux est présumée innocente jusqu’à ce que sa culpabilité ait été légalement établie , sous réserve de ne pas porter atteinte aux droits d’autrui .
Nul ne sera l’objet d’immixtions arbitraires dans sa vie privée , sa famille , son domicile ou sa correspondance , ni d’atteintes à son honneur et à sa réputation , sous réserve de ne pas porter atteinte aux droits d’autrui .
Tout individu a droit à la liberté d’opinion et d’expression , sous réserve de ne pas porter atteinte aux droits d’autrui .
Le 30 juin , l’article de Wikipedia consacré à Olivier Henrard , le corédacteur du texte de loi , est caviardé afin d’y faire disparaître les éléments les plus gênants .
Rebelotte : le pirate utilise de nouveau un ordinateur du ministère de la Culture .
A noter qu’il le fait à 23h11 …
Le 16 juillet , à l’Assemblée , Frédéric Mitterrand , nouveau ministre de la Culture , reconnaît qu’il lui est arrivé de « recopier » des oeuvres qu’il ne trouvait pas autrement , regrette de n’avoir pas été « piraté » plus souvent , et avance avoir contracté « deux abonnements » à l ’Internet au cas où l’Hadopi lui en suspendrait un …
En juillet , l’obstruction parlementaire des députés opposés à l ’Hadopi fait doucement rigoler les internautes , à commencer par celui de Jean - Pierre Brard qui escompte que « [ les agents de l’Hadopi ] travaillent le dimanche » , nonobstant ceux qui visent à renommer l’Hadopi en :
* « Projet de loi tendant à instaurer un contrôle de l’internet ».( Amendement 36 )
* « Projet de loi visant à instaurer une justice expéditive ».( Am436 )
* « Projet de loi visant à réprimer les foyers modestes pour préserver les rentes de situation des détenteurs de patrimoine ».( Am40 )
* « Projet de loi visant à instaurer le « tout - répressif » comme réponse aux nouveaux enjeux de l’économie numérique ».( Am445 )
* « Projet de loi visant à tout essayer sauf à créer une nouvelle rémunération de la création à l ’ère numérique ».
Le 1er septembre , interrogé sur Canal + pour savoir ce que signifie Hadopi , Frédéric Mitterand répond que … « ce n’est pas le nom d’une tribu indienne comme le dernier des mohicans « , et s’avère incapable de la décrypter : « Haute Autorité … pour la… Diffusion des… Oeuvres et Programmes Internet « , alors qu’il s’agit de la « Protection des droits sur l’ Internet « .
L’hiver maudit de l’Hadopi
Le 7 octobre , le Canard Enchaîné révèle que l’Elysée a distribué aux diplomates et consuls de France 400 exemplaires d’un DVD pirate , car copiés sans autorisation , avec une jaquette remaniée gommant le copyright originel , du documentaire « Sarkozy à visage découvert « , diffusé sur France 5 en juillet :
« Je ne savais pas que je travaillais sous copyright de l’Elysée » a ironisé Bernard Vaillot , qui avait interviouvé Sarko avec Christian Malard .
« C’est un peu cavalier » s’est amusé le directeur de la société , Michel Rager .
« D’autant que l’Elysée nous avait demandé 50 de nos DVD et qu’on les leur avait envoyés gratis ».
Le 6 novembre , on découvre que le nom de domaine jaimelesartistes .
fr , le site de soutien à l ’Hadopi , n’a pas été renouvelé et qu’il est donc retombé dans le domaine public .
Problème : il est en fait passé à l’ennemi , récupéré par un opposant à l ’Hadopi , qui , scandant « J’aime les artistes … pas les majors « , y affiche des dizaines de liens et ressources anti-Hadopi , et se permet même de bloquer l’accès aux internautes en provenance du ministère de la Culture …
Le 10 , le ministère remet en ligne , en urgence et sur jaimelesartistes.com , une vieille version de jaimelesartistes .
fr .
Problème : dans la précipitation , le ministère recommence donc à faire la promotion du site de piratage qu’il avait pourtant prestement caviardé lorsque l’affaire s’était ébruitée , en novembre 2008 .
Depuis , le ministère a jeté l’éponge , le site a définitivement disparu .
Le 19 novembre , on apprend que l’Hadopi installe ses bureaux rue du Texel , à Paris .
Problème : la bataille du Texel fut remportée par une petite escadre de corsaires dunkerquois , menés par Jean Bart ( photo ) , contre un groupe de navire de guerre hollandais , en 1694 , afin de récupérer 170 bateaux de blé russe interceptés par ces derniers afin d’affamer les Français .
La France fut alors sauvée de la famine .
En attendant de quoi l’Hadopi sauvera la France , les internautes sont morts de rire : « L’hadopi a son siège dans la baie des pirates !« …
Le 9 décembre , les Jeunes populaires de l’UMP lancent leur « lipdub « , clip commençant par ces mots = « Le pire risque est celui de ne pas en prendre « .
Problème : les jeunes de l’UMP ont bien demandé l’autorisation au producteur de la star academy québécoise de reprendre l’une de ses chansons , mais il avait dit non , et ils ont passé outre …
Bref , l’UMP est ( encore ) repris en flagrant délit de violation des droits d’auteur , et , pour éviter d’être poursuivie en justice pour « piratage « , accepte de débourser au moins autant que ce qu’avait obtenu MGMT , soit quelques 32 500 € , pour un clip que l’UMP se targuait initialement d’avoir réalisé pour moins de 500 € …
Le 15 décembre , le magazine Slate publie une tribune enflammée : « Décidément , Internet est le nid des pirates en tous genres qui ne respectent rien et surtout pas la propriété intellectuelle .
Ça , à force qu’on nous le répète à longueur de débats Hadopi , on le savait « .
Problème : le pirate en question n’est autre que « le pourfendeur de ces voleurs lui-même « , en la personne de Frédéric Lefebvre , ardent défenseur de l’Hadopi qui a , une fois de plus , tout bonnement pillé un article de Slate sans en demander la permission , et sans en avoir non plus les droits .
Le 23 décembre , on apprend que la CNIL refuse de donner son avis sur l’un des décrets Hadopi .
Problème : pas d’avis , pas de décret , la procédure est tout simplement bloquée , impossible d’appliquer la loi , pour l’instant en tout cas .
L’Hadopi démarre en grande « pompe »
Le 10 janvier , Luc Châtel est pris en flagrant délit de piratage :
Lors d’une réponse à une question de Christian Vanneste à l’Assemblée nationale sur le chèque éducation , M. Chatel a repris , mot pour mot et sans le citer bien sûr , une partie du contenu d’un article disponible sur Wikibéral [ un site qui propose un série de texte sur « la pensée libérale » , ndlr ] . »
Le 11 janvier , le ministère de la Culture dévoile le nouveau logo de la Hadopi , rapidement détourné par les lecteurs de PCInpact .
Problème : il s’agit d’une contrefaçon , les auteurs ont « piraté » une police de caractère créée exclusivement pour France Télécom , sans en demander l’autorisation ni bien évidemment la payer .
Réponse , alambiquée , des auteurs de la bourde : il s’agirait d’une « erreur de manipulation informatique « .
Les internautes s’écroulent de rire et se demandent si , eux aussi ne vont pas arguer d’une « erreur de manipulation informatique » si , un jour , la Hadopi les accuse d’avoir piraté un bien d’autrui …
Le 13 , on apprend que la marque Hadopi avait été déposée par un particulier , 6 mois avant que le gouvernement ne cherche à faire de même , afin d ’en faire … une plateforme de téléchargement .
Le 15 , un professionnel de la publicité reconnait que la campagne de pub de l’Hadopi est « probablement un des plus beaux budgets publicitaires de l’année « .
Problème : « personne n’en veut ! » :
L’appel d’offre a pourtant fait le tour de la place , les plus grosses agences de pub l’ont consulté .
Seulement voilà : c’est devenu la patate chaude , la petite bombe que toutes les agences se refilent : elles sont bien compris que , si elles acceptent ce budget , toutes les sociétés Internet ou travaillant dans les nouvelles technologies ne voudront plus leur confier leurs propres budgets !
Elles seront ( presque ) connotées ‘ anti- Internet ’ !
Le magazine PCInpact avait en effet relevé la complexité du chantier , qui va de la « sensibilisation des jeunes » à l ' » anticipation ( des ) campagnes de désinformation qui pourraient être lancées » en passant par le fait de rechercher « des parrains ( porte - parole ) susceptibles de sensibiliser le grand public au téléchargement légal et qui pourraient être sollicités lors de la campagne de communication ( conférence de presse , spots radio ou télé , interviews … ) « .
Vu la somme de problèmes et ratages ci-devant répertoriés , la tâche est loin d’être gagnée .
Contactée par PCInpact , la Hadopi souligne , prudente , que « l’appel d’offres se termine le 25 janvier .
C’est seulement ce 25 janvier que l’on saura combien de sociétés y ont répondu « .
En attendant que les premiers avertissements ne soient lancés , en avril et juillet prochains , on souhaite bon courage aux valeureux fonctionnaires chargés de rédiger le décret qui expliquera aux internautes comment ils vont devoir « sécuriser » leurs connexions pour empêcher le piratage , sachant que , de l’avis de tous , c’est tout bonnement impossible ( et très facilement contournable ) .
Ah , et puis pour finir , on se retrouve aussi très bientôt pour la LOPPSI , cette « Loi d’orientation et de programmation pour la performance de la sécurité intérieure » qui promet , elle aussi , de causer bien plus de problèmes qu’elle n’apportera de solutions …
Gageons que ce sera l’occasion d’une autre collection de #fails , plantages , ratages et autres poilades en terme de piratages …
NB : un oubli , une précision , un rajout ?
N’hésitez pas à rajouter vos commentaires …
A noter également l’Appel lancé pour soutenir la Quadrature du Net , sans qui l’Hadopi aurait été adoptée les doigts dans le nez , à la pointe du combat contre la Loppsi et le filtrage du Net , ainsi que l’ACTA ( Anti-Counterfeinting Trade Agreement , sorte d’Hadopi à l’échelle mondiale ) , et qui a grandement besoin de soutiens …
Images extraites de la galerie HadopiFail de Monsieur Dream , de celle de mathieu ii .
Voir aussi :
Les “ petits cons ” parlent aux “ vieux cons ” ( la version courte )
Prohibition 2.0 : vers un classement X du Net ?
L’internet et les “ pédo- nazis ” : le best of
Les internautes , ce “ douloureux problème ”
Hadopi : Alex Türk “ assume ” , et s’explique
Flash runtimes in depth
See the numbers that show the extensive reach of Flash Player and the Adobe AIR runtime — with both potential audiences and developers worldwide .
Women , Men and the New Economics of Marriage
Executive Summary
The institution of marriage has undergone significant changes in recent decades as women have outpaced men in education and earnings growth .
These unequal gains have been accompanied by gender role reversals in both the spousal characteristics and the economic benefits of marriage .
A larger share of men in 2007 , compared with their 1970 counterparts , are married to women whose education and income exceed their own , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of demographic and economic trend data .
A larger share of women are married to men with less education and income .
From an economic perspective , these trends have contributed to a gender role reversal in the gains from marriage .
In the past , when relatively few wives worked , marriage enhanced the economic status of women more than that of men .
In recent decades , however , the economic gains associated with marriage have been greater for men than for women .
In 2007 , median household incomes of three groups — married men , married women and unmarried women — were about 60 % higher than those of their counterparts in 1970 .
But for a fourth group , unmarried men , the rise in real median household income was smaller — just 16 % .
( These household income figures are adjusted for household size and for inflation .
For more details , see the methodology in Appendix B in the full report . )
Part of the reason for the superior gains of married adults is compositional in nature .
Marriage rates have declined for all adults since 1970 and gone down most sharply for the least educated men and women .
As a result , those with more education are far more likely than those with less education to be married , a gap that has widened since 1970 .
Because higher education tends to lead to higher earnings , these compositional changes have bolstered the economic gains from being married for both men and women .
There also is an important gender component of these trends .
Forty years ago , the typical man did not gain another breadwinner in his household when he married .
Today , he does — giving his household increased earning power that most unmarried men do not enjoy .
The superior gains of married men have enabled them to overtake and surpass unmarried men in their median household income .
This report examines how changes at the nexus of marriage , income and education have played out among U.S. - born men and women who are ages 30 - 44 — a stage of life when typical adults have completed their education , gone to work and gotten married .
Americans in this age group are the first such cohort in U.S. history to include more women than men with college degrees .
In 1970 , 28 % of wives in this age range had husbands who were better educated than they were , outnumbering the 20 % whose husbands had less education .
By 2007 , these patterns had reversed : 19 % of wives had husbands with more education , versus 28 % whose husbands had less education .
In the remaining couples — about half in 1970 and 2007 — spouses have similar education levels .
Along the same lines , only 4 % of husbands had wives who brought home more income than they did in 1970 , a share that rose to 22 % in 2007 .
This reshuffling of marriage patterns from 1970 to 2007 has occurred during a period when women ’s gains relative to men’s have altered the demographic characteristics of potential mates .
Among U.S. - born 30 - to 44 - year - olds , women now are the majority both of college graduates and those who have some college education but not a degree .
Women ’s earnings grew 44 % from 1970 to 2007 , compared with 6 % growth for men .
That sharper growth has enabled women to narrow , but not close , the earnings gap with men .
Median earnings of full - year female workers in 2007 were 71 % of earnings of comparable men , compared with 52 % in 1970 .
The national economic downturn is reinforcing these gender reversal trends , because it has hurt employment of men more than that of women .
Males accounted for about 75 % of the 2008 decline in employment among prime - working - age individuals ( U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , 2009 ) .
Women are moving toward a new milestone in which they constitute half of all the employed .
Their share increased from 46.5 % in December 2007 to 47.4 % in December 2009 .
Overall , married adults have made greater economic gains over the past four decades than unmarried adults .
From 1970 to 2007 , their median adjusted household incomes , the sum of financial contributions of all members of the household , rose more than those of the unmarried .
Educational attainment plays an important role in income , so a central focus of this report is to analyze economic data by level of schooling .
Through this lens , too , married people have outdone the unmarried .
The higher their education level , the more that adults ’ household incomes have risen over the past four decades ; within each level , married adults have seen larger gains than unmarried adults .
Among married adults at each education level , men had larger household income increases than did women .
Those who gained most of all were married male college graduates , whose household incomes rose 56 % , compared with 44 % for married female college graduates .
For unmarried adults at each level of education , however , men ’s household incomes fared worse than those of women .
Unmarried women in 2007 had higher household incomes than their 1970 counterparts at each level of education .
But unmarried men without any post - secondary education lost ground because their real earnings decreased and they did not have a wife ’s wages to buffer that decline .
Unmarried men who did not complete high school or who had only a high school diploma had lower household incomes in 2007 than their 1970 counterparts did .
Unmarried men with some college education had stagnant household incomes .
Unmarried men with college degrees made gains ( 15 % ) , but the gains were not as great as those for unmarried women with college degrees ( 28 % ) .
In fact , household incomes of unmarried men with college degrees grew at half the rate of household incomes of married men with only a high school diploma — 33 % versus 15 % .
There is an important exception to the rule that married adults have fared better than unmarried adults from 1970 to 2007 .
Married women without a high school diploma did not make the same gains as more educated women :
Their household incomes slipped 2 % from 1970 to 2007 , while those of their unmarried counterparts grew 9 % .
The stagnant incomes of married women without high school diplomas reflect the poor job prospects of less educated men in their pool of marriage partners .
These less educated married women now are far less likely than in the past to have a spouse who works — 77 % did in 2007 , compared with 92 % in 1970 .
Patterns by Education Level
Americans are considerably better educated than they were four decades ago , which has enabled many adults to upgrade the educational credentials of their spouses .
Among adults without high school educations and those with high school diplomas but no further schooling , a larger share in 2007 , compared with their counterparts in 1970 , had spouses with more education than they had .
Among adults with some coll
ege education , the pool of potential wives has expanded more rapidly than the pool of potential husbands .
In this group , a higher share of men in 2007 had wives with more education than they did — 28 % had a wife with a college degree in 2007 , compared with 9 % in 1970 .
Women with some college education in 2007 were less likely to have a husband with a college degree than their counterparts were in 1970 — 21 % versus 39 % .
Among college - educated adults , married men are markedly more likely to have a wife who is college educated — only 37 % did in 1970 , compared with 71 % in 2007 .
College - educated married women , though , are somewhat less likely to have a college - educated husband — 70 % did in 1970 and 64 % did in 2007 .
( The figures differ from the perspective of husbands and wives because some U.S. - born 30 - to 44 - year - olds have spouses who are older , younger or foreign born . )
Of course , marriage does not increase household financial resources if the spouse does not work .
Here , too , there has been great change .
In 1973 , only 45 % of all women ages 16 and older were in the labor force .
By 2007 this share had increased to 59 % .
Much of this increase is attributed to married women and to women with higher levels of education ( Juhn and Potter , 2006 ) .
Furthermore , a sharp rise in workplace activity was reported among women married to higher - income men ( Mulligan and Rubinstein , 2008 ) .
Among U.S. - born adults ages 30 - 44 , most married men did not have a working spouse in 1970 ; now , most do .
Married women , on the other hand , are somewhat less likely than their 1970 counterparts to have a husband who works .
Decline of Marriage
The shifts in the educational attainment and earnings capacity that men and women bring to marriage have played out against fundamental changes in the institution of marriage itself .
These days , Americans are more likely than in the past to cohabit , divorce , marry late or not marry at all .
There has been a marked decline in the share of Americans who are currently married .
Among U.S. - born 30 - to 44 - year - olds , 60 % were married in 2007 , compared with 84 % in 1970 .
There is an education component to this change :
The decline in marriage rates has been steepest for the least educated , especially men , and smallest for college graduates , especially women .
College graduates , the highest earners , are more likely today to be married than are Americans with less education — 69 % for adults with a college degree versus 56 % for those who are not a college graduate .
That was not the case in 1970 , when all education groups were about equally likely to wed .
Among college - educated men , 88 % were married in 1970 , compared with 86 % of men without a college education .
Among women , the comparable 1970 figures were 82 % and 83 % .
Thus , Americans who already have the largest incomes and who have had the largest gains in earnings since 1970 — college graduates — have fortified their financial advantage over less educated Americans because of their greater tendency to be married .
Race Patterns
There are notable differences by race in the education , marriage and income patterns of U.S. - born adults ages 30 - 44 .
Black marriage rates , already lower than those of whites in 1970 , have dropped more sharply since then , especially for the least educated .
Only 33 % of black women and 44 % of black men were married in 2007 .
Although black men and women had higher household income growth than men and women overall , the sharp decline in marriage rates among blacks hindered growth in their incomes .
Among black women with high school educations , household incomes actually declined from 1970 to 2007 , reflecting a change in the composition of this group from majority married ( with the higher incomes that accompany this status ) to majority unmarried . ’
Read the full report for more details .
All the posturing that the US would never repeat the UK's " collosal mistake " of levying banker taxes , is about to be unwound .
Senate Democrats Barbara Boxer and James Webb have proposed a 50 % tax on bonuses of more than $ 400,000 in all financial firms having received TARP assistance ( yes , that includes Goldman ) .
Look for the market to plunge now as Wall Street fires a warning shot against this proposal from ever seeing the light of day .
From Bloomberg :
Boxer of California and Webb of Virginia introduced legislation to put a one - time levy on the bonuses of employees at banks that took at least $ 5 billion from the Troubled Asset Relief Program , the senators said yesterday at a Washington news conference .
The bill would affect 13 firms and could raise $ 10 billion to help cut the federal deficit , Boxer said .
“ It ’s outrageous that many of these companies are doling out millions of dollars in bonuses while the rest of America feels the pain of reckless decisions , ” said Boxer , who is seeking re-election in November .
American International Group Inc. , Citigroup Inc. , JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Morgan Stanley are among the companies that would be affected , Boxer said .
The Senate last year retreated from a bill approved by the House that would have put a 90 percent tax on bonuses at companies that received more than $ 5 billion in aid .
The House passed the measure after retention pay for AIG employees sparked a public outcry .
The U.S. also has n’t followed a 50 percent tax on banker bonuses introduced in December by U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling .
It seems that taking a look at the chart that demonstrates the Treasury 's plunging tax withholdings has changed the opinions of some of the Democrats who know all too well where to look for excess cash to fund soon to be quadrillion dollar deficits .
Whether all New York bankers will now pick up and go to Hong Kong , just as the great Asian bubble is preparing to turn the lights out on its capital markets , in anticipation of an imminent asset bubble pop , remains to be seen .
Nonetheless , we are certain that with vocal opposition to the bonus tax soon to come from such enlightened Wall Street interests as Shelby and Corker , this proposal has marginal probability of passing at best .
Last night ’s episode of the Colbert Report took the focus off Canada — if only for a moment — as he took a tour of a few international houses set up around Vancouver during the games .
Of course Colbert could n’t resist taking at least one jab at Canadians — and he knew just where to hit us : February 21's Canada - U.S. men ’s hockey game that caused agony for an entire nation .
“ It ’s Canada ’s national pastime , ” he said .
“ That would be like America losing at deep fat frying . ”
Ok , maybe the jab was n’t so bad .
And it was off to the international houses he went .
Who else but Stephen Colbert could make a Swiss man lose his temper , get a group of rowdy Irishmen to listen to literature , and have Russians warm up to an American ?
The Swiss House was up first and , in typical Colbert fashion , he could n’t help but poke fun at them when talking to house director Manuel Salchli .
“ Nothing would be more entertaining than to see a Swiss person attack an American , ” Colbert decried , as he did his finest to piss off the usually calm and collected Swiss .
If it was up to Colbert , the country would be “ Swissland ” instead of Switzerland and the native tongue would be German and not the widely spoken Swiss - German .
The visit finished off with a rousing game of fondue pong — not quite as much fun as beer pong — but it was off to the Irish House next , where booze would be aplenty .
A rambunctious crowd greeted Colbert but quickly quieted down when he began reading excerpts from Ulysses .
Clearly someone in the crowd was n’t a James Joyce fan because a fight broke out .
Colbert decided to make his way to the final destination , Sochi House , for a little chatter with the Russians about Vladimir Putin and a “ rematch ” of the 1980 Miracle on Ice hockey game — on a table hockey game this time around .
The successful tour of the houses ended with Colbert returning to where else but the Irish House .
Hey , why not ?
It ’s where everyone one seems to be during these Games .
Correction to this article
GOVERNMENT crises in the Netherlands tend to be played out with little international publicity .
But when the Dutch coalition cabinet fell on February 20th it was done messily and in public — and the ripples were felt as far away as Afghanistan , drawing the world 's attention .
The Labour Party quit the government because it could not agree with the Christian Democrats to extend the service of 2,000 Dutch troops in Afghanistan 's Uruzgan province ( see article ) .
In its early days in 2007 the cabinet agreed to a withdrawal in 2010 .
Labour insisted on sticking to this despite a written request from NATO for an extension under a changed mandate .
Parliamentary debate turned rancorous , with accusations of bad faith hurled around on live television .
There was more than a hint of personal irritation between Wouter Bos , the Labour leader , and Jan Peter Balkenende , the Christian Democratic prime minister .
Labour 's decision was guided in part by political calculations .
With its popularity plummeting , the party may have hoped that blowing up a government over the unpopular Afghan commitment would play well with voters .
Its ratings duly rose this week .
But polls suggest that , after a new election on June 9th , Labour may be only the fifth - biggest party in a parliament dominated by the right and the liberals .
In truth , the established parties have been struggling ever since the late Pim Fortuyn exploded on to the scene in 2002 .
Support for the biggest far - right party today , Geert Wilders 's Freedom Party , has shot up in recent months .
According to polls , if the election were held now , it would be the second - largest party , just two seats short of the Christian Democrats .
Mr Wilders is best known for his virulent anti-Islamic rhetoric .
But his party has been broadening its policies .
Mr Wilders not only champions limits on immigration , especially from Muslim countries , but also promises to cut red tape for small businesses , reduce taxes and improve care for the elderly .
He wants a halt to European Union enlargement , including a flat no to Turkish entry .
He is also opposed to the Dutch deployment in Uruzgan .
Mr Wilders casts a long shadow over Dutch politics .
The other parties detest him personally , but have been courting his voters .
Several prominent Labour politicians have issued a call to all parties not to allow Mr Wilders to influence the next government .
But this could backfire .
Labour 's own immigration policy is moving towards that of Mr Wilders .
Calls for a cordon sanitaire may not go down well with the 10 % of voters who are foreign - born .
The polls suggest that post-election coalition - building will be tricky .
At present they indicate that no three parties will be able to command a majority .
This points either to a large , fractious coalition or to a minority government .
Neither promises stability .
Many believe that Mr Wilders will call the shots even if his party is excluded from the cabinet .
The local elections on March 3rd will give a first hint of the parties ' strengths .
Mr Wilders 's party is running only in two municipalities , partly because of a lack of experienced candidates .
But that may not stop it doing well in June .
Health authorities have been told to improve the appalling state of men's health - which leads to more premature deaths and illnesses than among women - by targeting them for priority care .
The Department of Health issued the command after mounting concern that the yawning health gap between men and women is costing thousands of lives .
The health of British men is so bad that each year 20,000 more of them die before the age of 65 than women .
They are more likely to suffer heart disease , cancer and HIV .
Men aged 20 to 24 are three times more likely to die than young women .
The new policy follows an admission that men suffer because previous health campaigns have targeted women , and men have far too little access to health services .
Health authorities will have to monitor how sick men in their region are and , if they are suffering significantly more than women , take steps to remedy the situation .
A Health Department spokesman said : " Health authorities have been told to target all inequalities , including that based on gender .
If in a local area men are twice as likely to die from heart disease as women , they will be expected to try and target services at men . "
There is growing realisation among politicians and doctors that men's health has been neglected .
This month , MPs will launch the first All Party Group on Men 's Health to raise awareness and coordinate policies .
Official figures show men are more likely to die than women across all age ranges .
They are twice as likely to die in accidents and three times as likely to commit suicide .
Young men are almost five times more likely to kill themselves than young women .
Men are more likely to smoke , to have an unhealthy diet , to be overweight , and to expose themselves to sun .
They are three times as likely to be alcoholic as women , and four times as likely to be registered drug addicts .
However , men are about half as likely to visit their GP as women .
Overall , men can expect to live 74.6 years , five years less than women .
An unskilled man can expect to live 11 years less than a professional woman .
An unskilled black man lives almost 15 years less than a professional white woman .
The excess of premature male deaths is the equivalent of a jumbo jet full of men crashing each week .
Public health minister Yvette Cooper said last summer that the difference between men and women was the " biggest health inequality of all " .
The government wants to combat the assumption that the poor state of men's health is all their own fault .
There is eight times as much money spent on specific female health issues as on male ones .
Women are screened for breast cancer and cervical cancer , and will soon be screened for ovarian cancer .
But there is no screening programme for prostate cancer , which kills four times as many men as cervical cancer kills women .
Some countries in Europe , and many states in the US , screen for prostate cancer , which this month claimed the life of libel lawyer George Carman .
The government 's Health Development Agency , which has appointed its first men's health officer , will be working out ways to raise awareness of health among men , and encourage them to visit their GP more frequently .
Surgeries will be asked to open after work and at weekends , as men are more likely to work full - time .
Health authorities should make men more aware of health issues by working through betting shops , and opening clinics in pubs and sports centres .
Making men's health a priority has largely been the work of the women health ministers Tessa Jowell and Yvette Cooper .
BRITISH authorities today warned drug users that heroin in London was highly likely to be contaminated with anthrax , after a first confirmed case there and following nine deaths in Scotland .
" While public health investigations are ongoing , it must be assumed that all heroin in London carries the risk of anthrax contamination , " said Dr. Brian McCloskey , who is director of the Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) in London .
" Heroin users are advised to cease taking heroin by any route , if at all possible , and to seek help from their local drug treatment services . "
McCloskey added that the risk to the general population was " negligible . "
Anthrax has been found in 19 heroin users in Scotland since December and nine of those people died , six of them in the Glasgow area , officials said .
The first case in London was confirmed yesterday , and the user was in hospital receiving treatment .
" Similarities to the cases in Scotland suggest that the heroin , or a contaminated cutting agent mixed with the heroin , is the likely source of infection , " a spokesman for the HPA said .
Last month , the French health ministry issued a warning about contaminated heroin , noting the Scottish cases and one other case in Germany , and saying the drug could also be circulating in other European countries .
Anthrax is a potentially lethal bacterium that exists naturally in the soil and can also occur among cattle .
It is also , more notoriously , a potential bio - terror weapon .
A curious op - ed " The Tel Aviv Cluster " by the reliably neoconnish David Brooks appeared in the New York Times on January 12th .
Brooks enthused over the prowess of Israel ’s high tech businesses , attributing their success in large part to Jewish exceptionalism and genius , which must have provided the ultimate feel good moment for Brooks , who is himself Jewish .
That Israel has a booming technology sector is undeniably true , but Brooks failed to mention other contributing factors such as the $ 101 billion dollars in US economic and military aid over the course of more than four decades , which does not include the additional $ 30 billion recently approved by President Barack Obama .
American assistance has financed and fueled Israel ’s business growth while the open access and even " preferential treatment " afforded to Israeli exporters through the Israel Free Trade Implementation
Act of 1985 has provided Israelis with the enormous US market to sell their products and services .
By act of Congress , Israeli businesses can even bid on most American Federal and State government contracts just as if they were US companies .
Brooks was characteristically undisturbed by the fact that American taxpayer subsidized development of Israeli enterprises combined with the free access to the US economy and government contracts eliminates jobs and damages competing companies on this side of the Atlantic .
And there is another aspect of Israel ’s growing high tech sector that he understandably chose to ignore because it is extremely sleazy .
That is the significant advantage that Israel has gained by systematically stealing American technology with both military and civilian applications .
The US developed technology is then reverse engineered and used by the Israelis to support their own exports with considerably reduced research and development costs , giving them a huge advantage against American companies .
Sometimes , when the technology is military in nature and winds up in the hands of a US adversary , the consequences can be serious .
Israel has sold advanced weapons systems to China that are believed to incorporate technology developed by American companies , including the Python - 3 air - to - air missile and the Delilah cruise missile .
There is evidence that Israel has also stolen Patriot missile avionics to incorporate into its own Arrow system and that it used US technology obtained in its Lavi fighter development program , which was funded by the US taxpayer to the tune of $ 1.5 billion , to help the Chinese develop their own J - 10 fighter .
The reality of Israeli spying is indisputable .
Israel always features prominently in the annual FBI report called " Foreign Economic Collection and Industrial Espionage . "
The 2005 report states , " Israel has an active program to gather proprietary information within the United States .
These collection activities are primarily directed at obtaining information on military systems and advanced computing applications that can be used in Israel ’s sizable armaments industry . "
It adds that Israel recruits spies , uses electronic methods , and carries out computer intrusion to gain the information .
The 2005 report concluded that the thefts eroded US military advantage , enabling foreign powers to obtain expensive technologies that had taken years to develop .
A 1996 Defense Investigative Service report noted that Israel has great success stealing technology by exploiting the numerous co-production projects that it has with the Pentagon .
" Placing Israeli nationals in key industries … is a technique utilized with great success . "
A General Accounting Office ( GAO ) examination of espionage directed against American defense and security industries described how Israeli citizens residing in the US had stolen sensitive technology to manufacture artillery gun tubes , obtained classified plans for a reconnaissance system , and passed sensitive aerospace designs to unauthorized users .
An Israeli company was caught monitoring a Department of Defense telecommunications system to obtain classified information , while other Israeli entities targeted avionics , missile telemetry , aircraft communications , software systems , and advanced materials and coatings used in missile re-entry .
The GAO concluded that Israel " conducts the most aggressive espionage operation against the United States of any US ally . "
In June 2006 , a Pentagon administrative judge overruled an appeal by an Israeli who had been denied a security clearance , stating , " The Israeli government is actively engaged in military and industrial espionage in the United States .
An Israeli citizen working in the US who has access to proprietary information is likely to be a target of such espionage . "
More recently , FBI counter intelligence officer John Cole has reported how many cases of Israeli espionage are dropped under orders from the Justice Department .
He provides a " conservative estimate " of 125 worthwhile investigations into Israeli espionage involving both American citizens and Israelis that were stopped due to political pressure from above .
Two recent stories that have been reported in the Israeli media but are strangely absent from the news on this side of the Atlantic demonstrate exactly what is going on and what is at stake .
The first story confirms that Israeli efforts to obtain US technology are ongoing .
Stewart David Nozette , a US government scientist who was arrested on October 19 , 2009 in an FBI sting operation after offering to spy for Israel has been waiting in jail to go to trial on espionage charges .
New documents in the case were presented in the Federal court in Washington last week .
The documents confirm that Nozette was a paid consultant for Israeli Aerospace Industries ( IAI ) and it is believed that he passed to them classified material in return for an estimated $ 225,000 in consulting fees .
Examination of his computer by the FBI revealed that he was planning a " penetration of NASA " the US space agency and that he was also trying to crack into other scientists ’ computers to obtain additional classified material .
Other documents demonstrate that he was cooperating with two Israeli scientists who were administrators with IAI , Yossi Weiss and Yossi Fishman .
Nozette made several trips to Israel without reporting them , which he was required to do because of his high security clearance .
The FBI reportedly also has incriminating letters and other documents that were obtained from the computer .
The second story relates to the pending sale of twenty - five F - 35 fighter planes to Israel .
The F - 35 is one of the most advanced fighter planes in the world .
The $ 130 million planes would be purchased with US military assistance money , which means they would effectively be a gift from the US taxpayer .
But Israel is balking at the sale reportedly because it wants to install some of its own local content in the aircraft .
The Pentagon has already made some concessions but is disinclined to grant approval for all the changes because to do so would require giving the Israelis full access to the plane ’s advanced avionics and computer systems .
Israel also wants to independently maintain the aircraft , which would also require access to all systems .
It would be nice to think that the Pentagon wants to keep the maintenance in American hands to preserve jobs , but the Defense Department has never cared about US workers before when the issue is Israel , and the real reason for the standoff is that Lockheed - Martin and the Pentagon both know that Israel will steal whatever it can if it gains access .
It would then use the technology to market its own products at a price below that of US defense contractors .
The result would be a triple whammy for Uncle Sam : the expensive planes are given to Israel free , the technology is then stolen , and future sales vanish as our Israeli friends market their knock down versions of weapons systems reliant on the stolen technology .
So to David Brooks I would say that there is most definitely an economic surge taking place in high tech Israel , but it is less a miracle than the fruit of a long series of thefts and manipulations fueled by American tax money and the connivance of a Congress that is always willing to do favors for the country that it appears to love beyond all others .
I ’m sure most Americans would wish the Israelis well and would applaud the prosperity that derives from their own industry and inventiveness but it is also time to put the brakes on business as usual and to take the Israeli hand out of our pocket .
I ’m sure Brooks ’ job is pretty secure and well paid , but many Americans are out of work and suffering , so let ’s take some steps to protect our economy from the information thieves from Tel Aviv and keep our money and jobs over here .
If I told you that your great , great , great grandkids would be building houses on that crimson world known as Mars , what would be the first thought to enter your head ?
Rovers ?
Check !
A comfy Martian house ?
Check !
Power cutting rock tools ?
( for us guys ) Double check !
A bio fuel gas tank ?
Che–huh ?!
You ’re probably wondering “ what power on Earth would motivate you to bring bio fuels to Mars ? ”
The answer : a slightly altered cyanobacterium that may help us power future Martian rovers , homes–and yes–power tools with good ol ’ biofuel .
The problem with settling Mars is this : despite its dazzling desert environment ( if you consider frozen dry tundra ’s dazzling ) , Mars is not the most ideal location when it comes to the energy department .
The red planet receives approximately half of the sunlight Earth does , which may dim a green geeks hope of a solar powered outpost offworld .
Worse , even if solar panels received 100 % of the energy from the Sun , those big , bad global dust storms could make solar panels useless for weeks or months at a time .
The only thing “ big red ” has to offer future settlers is rust , dust and lots of CO2 – the latter which can be converted into fuel thanks to our new best ( microscopic ) friend cyanobacterium .
Scientists have been studying this little creature and have found that with a “ few ” alterations , cyanobacterium can take CO2 ( the gas that can easily kill you ) and turn it into a biofuel called isobutanol .
Converted , isobutanol could help colonists power rovers , Martian settlements–and yes , even power tools ( as cutting rocks with lasers is going to require lots of energy folks ! ) without the need to depend upon the Sun or an underground miniature nuke ( which might be too expensive for small outposts ) .
Since bio fuels can’t openly burn in the carbon atmosphere , future rovers , houses and power tools will need to be altered to also carry oxygen as well ( which we could extract from the ever abundant Martian ice ) .
By having an inexpensive and ( hopefully ) cheap fuel , establishing homes and traveling the Martian globe could become a reality without the heavy ( and sometimes “ helpful ” ) hand from governments and mega-corporations .
Image Credit : Paul Hudson via NASA
Sources : Alternative Energy News , Physorg.com
The Cleveland Browns terminated the contract of wide receiver Donte ' Stallworth , the team announced Monday .
After a year - long suspension for killing a pedestrian while driving drunk , Stallworth was reinstated Sunday by NFL commissioner Roger Goodell .
Goodell said Friday he met with Stallworth about a month ago , and the receiver is " in a better place than he was . "
Goodell said Stallworth recognized what he did wrong and has prepared himself to return to the NFL .
Stallworth , 28 , was charged with DUI manslaughter March 14 in an early morning accident that killed 59 - year - old Mario Reyes , a Miami construction worker who was on his way home .
Stallworth 's blood - alcohol level after the crash was .126 , well above Florida 's legal limit of .08 , according to results of a blood test .
In mid-June , Stallworth was given a 30 - day jail sentence , of which he served 24 days , and reached an undisclosed financial settlement with Reyes ' family .
Two days after sentencing , the NFL suspended Stallworth indefinitely without pay .
Stallworth played just one season for the Browns after signing a seven - year , $ 35 million contract in 2008 .
That year he recorded 17 receptions for 170 yards in 11 games .
Monday 's release officially makes Stallworth an unrestricted free agent .
James Walker covers the AFC North for ESPN.com .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Almost a quarter of voters in Iceland have signed a petition against plans to repay money lost by foreigners when an Icelandic online bank collapsed .
The petition urges the president to veto the bill that allows the move , and calls for a referendum on the issue .
Iceland 's parliament has approved the plans to reimburse 3.8 bn euros ( £ 3.4 bn ) lost by Dutch and British savers when the Icesave scheme failed in 2008 .
Many taxpayers say they are being made to pay for the bank 's mistakes .
The compensation amounts to some 12,000 euros for each citizen on the island nation of 320,000 .
Staggering payments
A poll taken in August suggested that 70 % of Icelanders were against the deal , which was approved by Parliament earlier this week .
More than 56,000 - about 23 % of Iceland 's voters - signed the petition urging President Olaf Ragnar Grimsson not to sign the bill .
HAVE YOUR SAY I was one of the first to sign this petition .
This is such a serious matter that any agreement must be made with the general public Michael J Clarke , Akureyri , Iceland Magnus Arni Skulason , one of the organisers of the petition , compared the repayment to financing the country 's health service .
" We were able to represent our arguments to the president , and also on the occasion we handed over a petition to ask the president to reject the current Icesave bill , " he told the BBC .
" The interest rate on the Icesave agreement for Iceland is like running the National Health Service of Iceland for six months . "
The Icelandic government had threatened to resign if the deal was rejected by MPs .
" Approving the bill is the better option and will avoid even more economic damage , " Finance Minister Steingrimur Sigfusson said during the debate .
Icesave - the internet arm of Icelandic bank Landsbanki , which offered high interest rates - failed in October 2008 .
An original agreement negotiated with the British and Dutch governments was approved in August .
But subsequent amendments negotiated by the prime minister were rejected in both countries , forcing a fresh vote .
Under the new deal the money - which represents 40 % of the country 's GDP - will be repaid gradually , staggered until 2024 .
We asked you for your comments on this story .
Please find a selection of your views here .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Canfigure is an IT Service Management solution with incredible flexibility .
Canfigure is designed for scalability .
We believe in keeping it simple with easily self - deployable , cost effective standalone tools allowing you to scale up through a library of well designed modules , growing your number ...
O'Brien " does not currently plan on doing any more new shows after next week , " says a source
Conan O'Brien Likely to End Hosting The Tonight Show Jan. 22
We ’ve got Tonight ?
Not after Jan. 22 .
Conan O’Brien ’s last night as host of The Tonight Show with Conan O Brien will likely be next Friday , a source close to O’Brien tells PEOPLE .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
“ Conan does not currently plan on doing any more new shows after next week , says the source .
According to NBC , a pre-scheduled hiatus for the program starting on Jan. 25 has been on the calendar for months .
“ Everyone is working as usual in getting the show on , ” says a source at the Tonight Show .
On Tuesday , the host released a statement saying that he would not go along with NBC ’s plan for him to host a relocated Tonight Show at 12:05 a.m. , following The Jay Leno Show at 11:35 p.m .
“ I cannot participate in what I honestly believe is [ The Tonight Show‘s ] destruction , ” said O’Brien .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
The FDA ’s new report on the safety of endocrine - disrupting chemical bisphenol A is months overdue and there is still no sign of when or if the agency will release the report .
Perhaps they are waiting for that piece of “ smoking gun ” evidence that BPA represents a clear and present danger to human health ?
Well , thanks to researchers from Peninsula College of Medicine in Britain , we just may have it .
In 2008 , the group looked at data from the 2003 - 2004 US National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey ( NHANES ) which included urinary BPA levels for the first time .
The results :
[ A ] quarter of the population with the highest levels of BPA were more than twice as likely to report having heart disease or diabetes , compared to the quarter with the lowest BPA levels .
They also found that higher BPA levels were associated with clinically abnormal liver enzyme concentrations .
At the time , even the researchers admitted the possibility that it was a statistical fluke .
But the same team has now analyzed the 2005 - 2006 NHANES , which used an entirely different group of people , and guess what ?
The association between BPA exposure and heart disease in humans is as strong as ever ( via Toronto ’s Globe and Mail ) :
According to the new research , 60 - year - old American males with the highest amounts of bisphenol A in their urine had about a 45 per cent greater risk of cardiovascular disease than men the same age with lower exposures , confirming the results of a previous study on the topic released in 2008 and based on a different sample of people .
This comes despite the fact that median BPA levels dropped by 30 percent between 2004 and 2006 to around 2 parts per billion .
Even with the lower exposure , however , odds of heart disease were still significantly higher .
Note that the researchers performed rigorous calculations to ensure that they isolated the effect of bisphenol A and were n’t getting correlations with other factors ( you can dig into the statistics here ) .
It ’s true that the earlier relationship between BPA and diabetes and BPA and liver function were less present in the new data .
But Dr. David Melzer , the lead author on the study , believes this is a result of the lower human BPA levels measured .
As he put it to me :
The 2005 / 6 data for the liver enzymes and diabetes are also statistically consistent with the 2003 / 4 , although not significant on their own , probably because of the fall in BPA levels .
Note that the new data do not statistically contradict the 2003 / 4 data on diabetes or liver enzymes : overall they add to it although the sample size is too small at these lower BPA levels to get a definitive result for 2005 / 6 on its own .
Overall this clearly takes the hypothesis of a BPA — adult heart disease association through to the level of evidence .
Given the obvious concern that BPA might be directly driving these health effects , we now need to urgently clarify the mechanisms behind these associations .
Indeed , Dr. Melzer believes his study is underestimating the effect of BPA due to the relatively small sample size — he believes further study will revise the effect of BPA on heart disease upward .
The Globe and Mail article offered this response from a spokesman for industry lobbying group the American Chemistry Council :
“ The study itself does not establish a cause - and - effect relationship between BPA exposure and heart disease , ” commented Steven Hentges , a spokesman for the group .
But what he does n’t say is that the only way to “ prove ” that cause - and - effect , in other words to isolate BPA ’s role beyond doubt , would involve conducting a controlled clinical trial , i.e. exposing humans to BPA and seeing who dies .
That , of course , is n’t science , it ’s homicide , which is why toxic chemical research is mostly performed on rats .
And the evidence from rats on BPA , despite industry attempts at obfuscation , is already overwhelming .
These kind of population studies — analysis in effect of the natural experiment industry is performing on us — represents the best evidence we could reasonably hope to get .
These results go far beyond what ’s required by any meaningful precautionary principle .
This is now about saving lives .
Yes , as the scientists observe , more research is needed to understand the precise physiology through which BPA causes heart disease and to determine the risk factor with greater accuracy .
But whether that increased risk end up at 30 percent or 60 percent or somewhere inbetween , the FDA now knows all it needs to know to conclude that even low exposure to BPA represents a serious risk to human health .
One of my more popular posts from last year was ‘ In Search of the Click track ‘ where I posted some plots showing the tempo deviations from the average tempo for a number of songs .
From these plots it was pretty easy to see which songs had a human setting the beat and which songs had a machine setting the beat ( be it a click track , drum machine or an engineer fitting the song to a tempo grid ) .
I got lots of feedback along with many requests to generate click plots for particular drummers .
It was a bit of work to generate a click plot ( find the audio , upload it to the analyzer , get the results , normalize the data , generate the plot , convert it to an image and finally post it to the web ) so I did n’t create too many more .
Last week Brian released the alpha version of a nifty new set of APIs that give access to the analysis data for millions of tracks .
Over the weekend , I wrote a web application that takes advantage of the new APIs to make it easy to get a click plot for just about any track .
Just type in the name of the artist and track and you ’ll get the click plot – you do n’t have to find the audio or upload it or wrestle with python or gnuplot .
The web app is here :
In Search of the Click Track
Here are some examples of the output .
First up is a plot of “ I love rock ’n’ roll ’ by Britney Spears .
The plot shows the tempo deviations from the average song tempo over the course of the song .
The plot shows that there ’s virtually no deviation at all .
Britney is using a machine to set the beat .
Now compare Britney ’s plot to the click plot for the song ‘ So Lonely ’ by the Police :
Here we see lots of tempo variation .
There are four main humps each corresponding to each chorus where Police drummer Stewart Copeland accelerates the beat .
Over the course of the song there is an increase in the average tempo that build tension and excitement .
In this song the tempo is maintained by a thinking , feeling human , whereas Britney is using a coldhearted , sterile machine to set the tempo for her song .
For some types of music , machine generated tempos are appropriate .
Electronica , synthpop and techno benefit from an ultra-precise tempo .
Some examples are Kraftwerk and The Postal Service :
But for many songs , the tempo variations add much to the song .
The gradual speed up in Jefferson Airplane ’s White Rabbit :
and the crescendo in ‘ In the Hall of the Mountain King ’ :
And in the Rolling Stone ’s Sympathy for the Devil
It is also fun to use the click plots to see how steady drummers are ( and to see which ones use clicktracks ) .
Some of my discoveries :
Keith Moon used a click track on ‘ Wo n’t Get Fooled Again ’ :
( You can see him wearing headphones in this video )
It looks like Neil Peart uses a click track on Stick it out :
Art Blakey can really lay it down without a click track ( he really looks like a machine here ) :
As does Ginger Baker ( or does he use a click ? ) :
It seems that all of the nümetal bands use clicks :
Breaking Benjamin
Seether
Nickelback
As do some of the indie bands :
The Decemberists
Vampire Weekend
MGMT
I find it interesting to look at the various click plots .
It gives me a bit more insight into the band and the drummer .
However , some types of music such as progressive rock – with its frequent time signature and tempo changes are really hard to plot – which is too bad since many of the best drummers play prog rock .
In addition the plots I attempted a couple of objective metrics that can be used to measure the machine like quality of drummer .
The Machine Score is a measure of how often the beat is within a 2 BPM window of the average tempo of the song .
Higher numbers indicate that the drummer is more like a machine .
This metric is a bit troublesome for songs that change tempo , a song that changes tempo often may have a lower machine score than it should .
The Longest run of machine like drumming is the count of the longest stretch of continuous beats that are within 1BPM of the average tempo of the song .
Long runs ( over a couple hundred beats ) tend to indicate that a machine is in charge of the beat .
Both these metrics are somewhat helpful in determining whether or not the drumming is live , but I still find that the best determinate is to look at the plot .
More work is needed here .
The new click plotter was a fun weekend project .
I got to use rgraph – an HTML5 canvas graph library ( thanks to Ryan for suggesting client - side plotting ) , along with cherrypy , pound and , of course , the Brian ’s new web services .
The whole thing is just 500 lines of code .
I hope you enjoy generating your own click plots .
If you find some interesting ones post a link here and I ’ll add them to the Gallery of Drummers .
By James Melik
Business reporter , BBC World Service
However distasteful it might be for some people , there is a legitimate demand for human organs , tissues and bodies , for use by academics and the medical profession .
Surgeons need to practise on cadavers before operating in a theatre Anatomical examination involves human bodies to train students , surgeons and other healthcare professionals about the structure of the body and how it works .
Organisations in the UK which carry out these activities are licensed by the Human Tissue Authority .
People can decide in advance to donate their body or organs to medical science after their death .
No payment is made to the person who donates their body , nor to the estate of the deceased .
Niche market
In the US , however , there is an increasingly commercial element to this supply and demand , with not - for - profit corporations involved in the procurement of bodies .
They offer financial support to families of the dead , arranging for the processing and transport of bodies , as well as final cremation .
Professor Michel Anteby at Harvard University is concerned about how they operate .
" In the US , it is a felony to actually purchase or sell a body , human tissue or organs , " he says .
Some of these ventures have become extremely successful and get more than 1,000 donations [ bodies ] a year
Prof Michel Anteby , Harvard University
" But the law excludes the payment for the removal , processing and preservation of cadavers . "
Getting reimbursed for such services opens up a huge window for commerce .
" The US is a wonderful place to see entrepreneurs in action and this is what they have done , " he maintains .
" About 15 years ago , some people decided that there was a niche for such services and these ventures have become extremely successful .
Some of them get more than 1,000 donations a year . "
Prof Anteby also points out that the commerce of cadavers is unregulated .
" Selling a house requires a licence , even selling candy at a state fair requires a licence , but no licence is required involving a cadaver . "
Total package Under US law , people can say they want to donate their bodies to science , or their next - of - kin can donate them after they are dead and non-profit organisations can accept these " anatomical gifts " .
We expect to recover between $ 5,000 and $ 6,000 per cadaver
Brent Bardsley , Anatomy Gifts Registry
The Anatomy Gifts Registry charges fees for supplying bodies and tissues to medical companies and universities for applications in medical science and research .
" We have to offset our expenses , which include transportation of the deceased , the work that goes into obtaining the consent , the post - mortem procedures to determine the presence of contagious disease , the dissection and preparation of the body , " says the registry 's Brent Bardsley .
" We expect to recover between $ 5,000 and $ 6,000 per cadaver - either in its entirety or after the body has been divided , " he says .
Fees are about 10 % over and above the costs to enable the company to expand into on - site surgical training , where the public has a chance to visit the laboratory .
The company will also cremate unwanted parts afterwards at no cost to the family .
" We provide a portion of the remains back to the family within four weeks following the donation - these represent the body parts not used for research .
Universities and medical centres may take up to two years , " Mr Bardsley says .
HUMAN TISSUE ACT ( UK 2004 ) Removal , storage and use of human tissue without consent illegal DNA theft now an offence Living donor transplants now allowed Deceased 's wishes take precedence over family for organ donation Licenses needed for places carrying out post - mortems and anatomy schools Body parts exhibitions need licence
He dismisses any suggestions that his trade might be ghoulish or unsavoury .
" If you are injured , you expect to go to hospital and get the best care , " he says .
" People take for granted how their surgeon became experienced to provide that good care .
They would not be able to do it without cadaver donations , " he explains .
" We maintain control of the dissemination of the tissues , " he adds , " and we have to maintain that trust , otherwise people wo n't give us these gifts . "
Body snatchers
Historically , physicians turned a blind eye towards the source of the bodies they acquired .
Before the Anatomy Act of 1832 , the only legal supply of corpses for anatomical purposes in the UK were those condemned to death and dissection by the courts .
But such sentences did not provide enough subjects for the medical and private anatomical schools and by the 19th Century , only about 55 people were being sentenced to capital punishment each year .
With the expansion of medical schools , however , 500 cadavers a year were needed .
The medical profession therefore turned to body snatching to supply the deficit of bodies fresh enough to be examined .
During 1827 and 1828 in Edinburgh , William Burke and William Hare changed their tactics from grave - robbing to murder , because they were paid more for very fresh corpses .
Their activities , and those of grave robbers in London who imitated them , resulted in the passage of the Anatomy Act 1832 .
This allowed unclaimed bodies and those donated by relatives to be used for the study of anatomy , and required the licensing of anatomy teachers - thus essentially ending the body - snatching trade .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Australia will come under pressure to send more troops to Afghanistan as Dutch forces appear almost certain to leave the country by the end of 2010 , analysts say .
The Netherlands government collapsed on Sunday when prime minister Jan Peter Balkenende failed to get one of his coalition partners to agree to keep soldiers in Afghanistan beyond mid-year .
The Dutch contingent of about 2,000 soldiers was due to start leaving Afghanistan in August , but after a request from NATO Mr Balkenende proposed extending the mission by a further 12 months .
But Mr Balkenende 's main coalition partner , the Labour Party , refused and pulled out of the government .
Mr Balkenende has since resigned and says it seems likely the Dutch forces will be out of Afghanistan by the end of the year .
The Australian Strategic Policy Institute ( ASPI ) says that scenario has considerable implications for Australian troops .
Australian and Dutch soldiers work out of the same base in Uruzgan province and ASPI spokesman Raspal Khosa says in many ways the Australians rely on their colleagues from the Netherlands .
" We are training several battalions of that particular brigade .
The Dutch are training the other elements , such as command and control , and some of the rifle battalions , " he said .
" The Dutch are the lead nation in Uruzgan province .
The Dutch supply some of the key combat enablers , from things such as fire support and tracked artillery right through to casualty evacuation .
" They also ran a very impressive Role 2 hospital , which is a facility that is akin to a medium - sized private hospital with a focus on trauma care . "
A spokesman for Defence Minister John Faulkner says Australia has been working on the presumption that the Dutch would start pulling out from August .
But Mr Khosa says the withdrawal will still have a big impact .
" It was always the hope that [ the Dutch ] would perhaps retain the civilian element of their provincial reconstruction theme , " he said .
" The Dutch are doing a tremendous job in terms of assisting [ in ] developing capacity in governance but also reconstruction activity , and it is a considerable burden for Australia to take on . "
Mr Khosa expects that it will be American troops replacing the Dutch .
" They are moving a lot of their combat forces into there , " he said .
Leadership hole
Meanwhile , Senator Faulkner has confirmed Australia will not take over a leadership role in Uruzgan province if the Dutch military withdraws .
Senator Faulkner told Senate Question
Time the leadership issue would be resolved by NATO in consultation with Australia .
" It 'll be several months before a new government is in place , " he said .
" Given these developments , we anticipate the Dutch will proceed to relinquish leadership in Uruzgan and draw down their military forces from August .
" As I 've previously said , Australia will not assume leadership in Uruzgan . "
Mr Khosa says while the Government 's position is not to supply more than the 1,550 soldiers it has currently authorised , there will be pressure to make up the shortfall .
" There will be huge pressure applied on the Australian Government from the ISAF ( International Security Assistance Force ) partners and the Americans to actually provide some more personnel , and certainly some of the combat enablers , " he said .
Despite the turmoil , NATO is assuring Afghans the alliance will support them for as long as necessary .
NATO 's senior civilian representative in Afghanistan , Mark Sedwill , says people are starting to ask some difficult questions .
" We have been here a long time .
Security in particular has deteriorated over the last few years , " he said .
" Governance has flatlined and it is only really [ in the ] economic development area that we 've seen significant and consistent improvements . "
But Mr Sedwill concedes that some Western governments are having a hard time persuading their electorates to support the military mission in Afghanistan .
" It is right that people are challenging us to explain why we believe that we can bring this campaign to a successful conclusion and why we are confident about the prospects for this year , " he said .
" I think the politics in each country , although there are common themes , are not identical and we should n't assume that because one country has taken a decision , others will necessarily follow . "
In the past few years , 21 Dutch soldiers have been killed in Afghanistan and opinion polls in the Netherlands indicate that the public wants troops pulled out .
PORT -AU - PRINCE ( Reuters ) - Angry Haitians set up roadblocks with corpses in Port - au - Prince to protest at the delay in emergency aid reaching them after a devastating earthquake , an eyewitness said ,
Shaul Schwarz , a photographer for TIME magazine , said he saw at least two downtown roadblocks formed with bodies of earthquake victims and rocks .
“ They are starting to block the roads with bodies , it ’s getting ugly out there , people are fed up with getting no help , ” he told Reuters .
The trip is Mrs Clinton 's first official visit to Saudi Arabia Imposing more sanctions on Iran over its nuclear programme would not be a quick enough solution , Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister has said .
Prince Saud al - Faisal said the threat posed by Iran demanded a " more immediate solution " than sanctions .
He spoke in Riyadh alongside US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who earlier said Iran was " becoming a military dictatorship " .
On Tuesday , Turkey 's foreign minister is due in Iran aiming to mediate .
Turkey is a Nato member , and Ahmet Davutoglu is expected to try to promote a deal on Tehran 's nuclear programme between Turkey 's western allies and Iran 's Islamic government .
ANALYSIS Kim Ghattas ,
BBC News , Riyadh
The Saudi foreign minister did not openly back Washington 's call for sanctions , but neither did he say Saudi Arabia was opposed to it .
He made clear the kingdom wanted a more immediate resolution to the problem rather than a gradual one .
He also said China , a top importer of Saudi oil , did not need to be prodded by Saudi Arabia to know what it ought to do about sanctions against Iran .
Saudi officials are known for using very careful , often opaque , diplomatic language .
It sounded as though he was saying the kingdom would not use oil as an incentive to prod China to back UN sanctions against Iran .
But the statement could also be read as a veiled warning - if China failed to back UN sanctions , it risked upsetting its top oil supplier .
Speaking at a joint Riyadh news conference with Mrs Clinton , Prince Saud said : " Sanctions are a long - term solution .
They may work , we can't judge .
" But we see the issue in the shorter term maybe because we are closer to the threat ...
So we need an immediate resolution rather than a gradual resolution . "
While the Saudi minister did not detail his vision of a quick solution in public , it is likely that options were discussed behind closed doors in the meeting between Mrs Clinton and King Abdullah , says the BBC's Kim Ghattas , who is travelling with the top US diplomat .
Some regional experts believe neither sanctions nor engagement will work with Iran and have suggested a multi- pronged approach involving intense economic pressure from Iran 's neighbours , our correspondent adds .
Earlier , aides to Mrs Clinton - who is on a tour of the Gulf to try to build support for more sanctions on Iran - revealed she would press Saudi Arabia to help persuade China to support a tougher stand against Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
China , which can wield a veto on the UN Security Council as a permanent member , is against imposing more sanctions .
Beijing fears a major loss of revenue from investments in Iran , and disruption of oil supplies from a country providing it with 400,000 barrels a day , our correspondent says .
China is a top importer of Saudi oil .
The Saudi foreign minister added that efforts to rid the Middle East of nuclear weapons must also apply to Israel .
' Dictatorship '
Speaking to students at a Qatar university earlier on Monday , Mrs Clinton said Iran 's elite army corps , the Revolutionary Guard , had gained so much power they had effectively supplanted the government .
We do n't want to be engaging while they are building their bomb
Hillary Clinton
US Secretary of State
More sanctions on way for Iran ?
Q&A : Iran and the nuclear issue " We see that the government of Iran , the supreme leader , the president , the parliament , is being supplanted and that Iran is moving toward a military dictatorship .
That is our view , " Mrs Clinton said on her maiden visit to the kingdom .
On Sunday , she urged Iran to reconsider its " dangerous policy decisions " .
Mrs Clinton told a conference in Qatar that Tehran was leaving the international community little choice but to impose further sanctions .
The US and its allies fear Iran is attempting to develop a nuclear weapon .
Iran insists its nuclear programme is entirely peaceful .
Turkish mediation Turkey has already offered to store Iran 's nuclear material as part of a swap arrangement agreed last year .
Under terms of that deal , Iran would get medical isotopes from France in return for handing over its own enriched uranium .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Turkey 's government hopes its offer to act as a nuclear repository will appeal more to Iran than storing its uranium elsewhere , says the BBC 's Jonathan Head in Istanbul .
But Iran is still insisting that any nuclear swap must take place on its own soil .
If no deal can be done with Iran , Turkey will soon be forced to choose between its historically strong alliance with the US and Europe , and its desire for closer friendship with its eastern neighbour , our correspondent adds .
Iran , meanwhile , rejected criticism from the West about its human rights record .
" Iran is becoming one of the predominant democratic states in the region , " said Javad Larijani , secretary general of the Iranian High Council for Human Rights .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Copyright Agency Limited , an Australian copyright collecting society ( an organization that collects money on behalf of authors for use of their copyrighted works ) is spending more than half the money they collect than they give to authors on their own salaries and expenses .
The Chief Executive is paying himself AU$ 350,000 a year out of the money that he is meant to serve as trustee for .
They 've also paid for staff junkets to China and Barbados out of the sums .
All told , the staff are spending AU$ 9.4 million a year , and giving the creators whom they are meant to serve AU$ 9.1 million per year .
Among the highest paid at CAL was its chief executive Jim Alexander , who earned more than $ 350,000 last year , while another senior staff member earned between $ 250,000 and $ 299,000 , another between $ 200,000 and 249,000 , and five others between $ 150,000 and $ 199,000 .
A further 21 staff earned between $ 100,000 and $ 149,000 .
In addition , the agency spent more than $ 300,000 on travel for its top executives , including a trip for its three senior executives to an International Federation of Reproduction Rights Organisations conference in Barbados , and a trip for four employees and board members to the Beijing Writers Festival …
In response to questions put to the agency by The Australian , CAL defended the proportion of its budget spent on salaries .
" While licensing revenue grows , the complexity of CAL 's business continues to require investment in systems and process improvements to achieve operational efficiencies and , in particular , to integrate with new international standards , " Mr Alexander said .
" Appointing and retaining key managerial staff to lead CAL through these system change projects is integral to its efficiency . "
Activision sent out a proud press release stating that Modern Warfare 2 has sold over $ 1 billion worth of product worldwide .
This is according to internal estimates , of course , but the Call of Duty franchise is large enough to make the claim believable .
" Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 has exceeded our expectations and shattered theatrical box office and video game records , " said Robert " Bobby " Kotick , CEO of Activision Blizzard .
" There are only a handful of entertainment properties that have ever reached the $ 1 billion mark , which illustrates the power of the Call of Duty franchise and mass appeal of this game . "
So the question is simple : what can we learn from Modern Warfare 2 ?
Price matters
" In its first five days alone , the game sold an estimated $ 550 million worldwide , outpacing five - day worldwide theatrical box office gross figures for such films as Avatar , Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince and The Dark Night , " Activision crows .
Those numbers are taken from internal estimates and boxofficemojo.com .
They only tell half the story , however .
A ticket to a movie costs somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 10 , depending on where you live .
Avatar 's box office records owe a bit to the higher price of 3D and IMAX tickets .
A copy of Modern Warfare 2 costs $ 60 ... at the minimum .
If you bought the Prestige Edition , you paid much more for your copy of the game .
While PC versions of games are usually only $ 50 , Activision went ahead and charged $ 60 .
Why ?
Because people will pay it .
When the cheapest way to get a product is $ 60 , of course you 're going to beat sales of something that costs $ 15 or less .
If you look at how many people each property reached , you 'd have a very different view of things .
PC gaming does n't matter
The launch of the PC version of Modern Warfare 2 was met with disdain , boycott groups , and petitions .
The angst was mostly due to the lack of support for dedicated servers , a fact that has done much to harm the community around the game and limit its reach as a title used in competitive circles .
But who cares ?
The majority of gamers will experience the game on consoles , and PC gamers do n't need things like a console for tweaking the game or support for mods .
Infinity Ward and Activision locked down the PC version of Modern Warfare 2 to make sure it was played how and when they want .
New content is coming for the game , buts let 's hope that the Microsoft exclusivity does n't extend to the PC .
It 's bad enough that Modern Warfare 2 snubbed the modding community completely — although not before taking all its best ideas — but making PC gamers wait for the only add - on content available until Microsoft decides it 's OK for Activision to sell it to you is the worst kind of middle finger .
You can shove the gaming press around
There was only one way to review Modern Warfare 2 : on the Xbox 360 , in Santa Barbara , under the watchful eye of Activision .
Accepting the paid trip , along with room and board , was the only way you were going to get a review before launch .
Joystiq noted that this broke their ethics policy , but they went anyway .
( Clarification : Joystiq contacted us to make clear that while their writer accepted the room in Santa Barbara , airfare was not provided )
Who can say no to a review destined to bring in traffic ?
Shacknews refused to call their coverage a " review " because of the ethical issues inherent in the situation , but that stance was unique .
The vast majority of news outlets did n't disclose how the review was conducted , or added a disclaimer after the nature of the review was made public .
This proved to Activision that if you 're big enough , you can dictate the exact terms of any review , and no ethics policy will make news outlets turn you down .
Why spend all this money on flying journalists to a resort in Santa Barbara ?
Because it works .
Activision refuses to comment on the review situation , and the Metacritic score for the game stands at 94 percent .
When it comes to Tony Hawk : Ride , Activision just took things to their natural conclusion , held a three - hour event where the press could review the game , and refused to ship it to anyone .
We 've heard that for its next blockbuster title Activision is planning to simply visit game reviewers at work , punch them in the kidneys , and then write the review for them .
The gaming press , to its eternal credit , will thank Activision for the readers .
Microsoft giveth , and Microsoft taketh away
Playing Modern Warfare 2 online can be a frustrating experience , with hacks , cheats , and exploits popping up as quickly as they can be squashed .
Unfortunately , Microsoft owners got the short end of the stick with the December update .
" There was a full five - day lag between patches on the Playstation 3 and the Xbox 360 ; certainly , there 's more to test on the 360 , but that 's no comfort to the millions of people whose purchases have been warped into something unrecognizable , " Tycho wrote on Penny Arcade .
" Microsoft 's sloth on this matter approaches disinterest if not out - and - out neglect . "
What 's annoying about this situation is that Microsoft gamers are paying to play this game online , and the PS3 version of the game received the patch first .
It 's OK though , since Microsoft paid for timed exclusivity for the upcoming Modern Warfare 2 content .
You may get patches a little late , but at least you 'll get the for - pay content first .
Can some of the money earned from that downloadable content go towards more patches ?
That would be great .
In conclusion ?
Modern Warfare 2 can be a fun game .
The single - player is short , but intense .
It 's not a $ 1 billion game in our opinion , however , and the precedents set by its release and success are n't pointing towards good things for the industry .
Of course , after selling all those games , why should Activision care ?
So you think the position of Mars in the sky at the time of your birth made you tall , dark , and handsome ( or short , fair , and ugly ) ?
Or lucky ( or unlucky ) in love ?
If you think believing in astrology is anywhere close to scientific , well , Dude , time to think again .
Pick two babies born within a minute of each other .
One has two nurses and a doctor attending ; the other , just a midwife .
One is born in a brightly lit maternity ward in a downtown big city hospital ; the other in a poorly lit room in a village 50 kilometers from the nearest big city .
‘ Downtown ’ is just a few meters above sea level ; the village is situated on a 1000 meter high plateau .
These local differences have far greater effects on the babies than Mars does .
Let ’s see how .
Nearly five centuries of physics have given us quite a few certainties , and among those are that the only long range forces in the universe are gravity and electromagnetism .
And both of these , from Mars , are totally – and I mean totally – overwhelmed by those same forces that were produced by things near you when you were delivered .
In a word , Mars ca n’t influence you .
Start with gravitation .
The gravitational force between you and Mars is greatest when Mars is closest to the Earth ; let ’s say that ’s 56 million kilometers .
Now Mars has a mass of 6.4 x 1023 kg , so the acceleration , here on Earth , due to Martian gravity would be 1.4 x 10 - 8 meters per second per second ( m s - 2 ) .
How did I work that out ?
By using Newton ’s law of universal gravitation :
F = Gm 1 m 2 /r2
and :
F = ma
so :
a = Gm Mars / distance - to - Mars2 .
How does this compare with variations in gravitational force due to adults standing nearby ( everyone has a mother , so we wo n’t count her ) ?
Let ’s take 60 kg as an adult ’s mass , and a distance of 1 meter ; that gives a gravitational acceleration of 4 x 10 - 9 m s - 2 , so just three adults nearby would have the same gravitational effect on you as Mars !
How does this compare with variations in gravitational force we know people born at the same time – but elsewhere on Earth – experienced ?
Let ’s take a difference in altitude of 1000 m ( lots of big cities have altitudes greater than this – Mexico City , for example , is at 2240 m – and lots are close to sea level ) , and calculate the difference in acceleration due to the Earth ’s gravity ( this ignores several important factors , such as the Earth ’s rotation , and local differences in g ) .
Well , it works out as 0.003 m s - 2 , or about 200,000 times greater than Martian gravity !
In fact , if you were born just half a centimeter higher , you ’d be influenced to the same extent , gravitationally , as by Mars !
Next , electromagnetism .
You can be influenced , electromagnetically , in four separate ways : by a magnetic field , by an electric current , by an electric field , and by electromagnetic radiation .
How powerful is Mars , electromagnetically ?
There ’s no electric current between Mars and Earth ; the solar wind – which blows outward from the Sun ( so Mars is ‘ downstream ’ , and any electromagnetic influence carried by the solar wind would be from Earth to Mars ) – is neutral , on balance , and carries no current .
The solar wind is a plasma , and any electric field there is in it will not be felt much more than a few Debye lengths ’ away ( basically , because electrons and ions are free to move in a plasma , they screen charges – the source of electric fields – quite effectively ; the Debye length is about as far as an electric field can penetrate ) .
Now the solar wind can be quite dynamic – meaning it can change a lot – but the Debye length in any part of it will rarely , if ever , be greater than a few tens of meters .
Let ’s be generous and say an electric field could be felt up to a kilometer away .
But Mars never comes closer to the Earth than ~ 50 million km !
Well , that makes any electric field influence from Mars impossible , does n’t it ?!
While Mars does have a weak magnetic field , it has no influence on Earth , because the Earth ’s own field creates a magnetosphere around us , one that screens out external magnetic fields .
Besides , as Mars is downstream from us ( the way the solar wind blows ) , and as the solar wind can carry ( actually stretch ) a magnetosphere only in the direction it blows , any magnetic influence would be from Earth to Mars , not Mars to Earth .
Three down , one to go .
The Earth ’s atmosphere blocks all electromagnetic radiation except for that which we see by ( and a bit on the UV side too ) , some infrared , and in the microwave and radio regions of the electromagnetic spectrum .
Mars is a very weak source of microwaves and radio waves , and even in the ( radio ) quietest places on Earth , electromagnetic radiation from ( distant ) radio stations , ( distant ) cellphone towers , TV satellites , airplanes overhead , etc totally , totally drowns out any Martian signals .
On a clear , moonless night , Mars may seem bright to your dark - adjusted eyes … but most likely you were born under quite bright lights , and indoors .
No Martian influence here either .
So what do we have then ?
Like I said , Mars ca n’t make you tall dark and handsome , nor can it influence your love life .
Iran 's flag is composed of three bands of color : green , white , and red .
But in at least two official ceremonies in recent days , images of that flag have been used where the green color has been replaced by blue .
The move has led to speculation that the Iranian government is trying to get rid of the green in the Iranian flag because it's a symbol of the opposition movement that has been challenging the disputed reelection of President Mahmud Ahmadinejad .
This picture of the Iranian flag in which the green field has turned blue was used during the January 27 introduction of the new head of Iran 's state news agency IRNA .
( Note : this link is an ISNA photo ) .
" Ayandehnews " website reports that during a meeting between Ahmadinejad and organizers of the Fajr Film Festival , the Iranian flag also appeared without the green color .
The website suggests the move might have resulted from the inexperience of the designer and is an insult to the flag and national symbol .
It adds that officials should remain committed to Iranian symbols and values .
The opposition website " Rahesabz " meanwhile asserts that government bodies have recently tried to avoid using the color green in their programs and gatherings .-- Golnaz Esfandiari
Westside Toastmasters is located in Los Angeles and Santa Monica , California
Chapter 5
CULTURAL VARIATIONS IN GESTURES
The businessman on the left is unaware that he has committed a major gaffe .
In Middle Eastern cultures it is insulting to cross an ankle over a knee and display the sole of the shoe while talking to another person .
Conducting business just became more complicated .
The businessman on the left is unaware that he has committed a major gaffe .
In Middle Eastern cultures it is insulting to cross an ankle over a knee and display the sole of the shoe while talking to another person .
Conducting business just became more complicated .
Do we expect other cultures to adopt our customs or are we willing to adopt theirs ?
This might translate to how business or even foreign relations are to be conducted .
Do we compromise or force others peoples to deal only on our terms ?
We may not have time to hear a language , but taking time to learn the " signals " is a powerful communicator .
As the global village continues to shrink and cultures collide , it is essential for all of us to become more sensitive , more aware , and more observant to the myriad motions , gestures , and body language that surround us each day .
And as many of us cross over cultural borders , it would be fitting for us to respect , learn , and understand more about the effective , yet powerful " silent language " of gestures .
The world is a giddy montage of vivid gestures - traffic police , street vendors , expressway drivers , teachers , children on playground , athletes with their exuberant hugging , clenched fists and " high fives . "
People all over the world use their hands , heads , and bodies to communicate expressively .
In recent years , Western and contemporary values and ideas have become more popular and have either influenced , altered , and even replaced , some of the more traditional gestures .
Understanding human behavior is tricky stuff .
No two people behave in precisely the same way .
Nor do people from the same culture all perform exactly the same gestures and body language uniformly .
For almost any gestures there will probably be a minority within a given nationality who might say " Well , some might attach that meaning to it , but to me it means ... " and then they will provide a different interpretation .
In the world of gestures , the best single piece of advice is to remember the two A's - " Ask " and be " Aware . "
If you see a motion or gesture that is new or confusing , ask a local person what it signifies .
Then , be aware of the many body signs and customs around you .
We Were Having Pizza at the Time
Imagine this scene - you are inspecting a house with the possibility of purchasing it and you open a bathroom door to see a woman sitting naked in a bathtub .
How would you expect the surprised woman to react ?
A British or American woman would cover her breasts with one hand and her genitals with the other , while a Swedish woman would cover only her genitals .
A Muslim woman would cover her face , a Sumatran woman would cover her knees and a Samoan only her navel .
All cultures walk on the same side of the pavement as they drive on the road .
This means if you 're British , Australian , South African or a New Zealander , you drive and walk to the left .
In Italy for example the consequence is that you 'd find the Italians constantly bumping into you as you walk on the pavement because , as they approach and you step to your left , they step to their right .
Wearing sunglasses in foreign countries is the single biggest cause of pavement collisions between cultures because no one can see the other person 's gaze to know which way they intend to step .
But it 's a novel way of meeting new and interesting foreigners .
You would be stunned when you go to shake hands to say goodbye to an Italian but , instead , you get a kiss on both cheeks .
As I departed , the Italian man kissed me on both cheeks .
I was tying my shoelaces at the time .
Woody Allen
As you talk with local Italians , they seem to stand in your space , continually grabbing you , talking over the top of you , yelling in fact , and sounding angry about everything .
But these things are a normal part of everyday friendly Italian communication .
Not all things in all cultures mean the same things .
Take the Cultural Test
How aware are you of cultural differences in body language ?
Try this exercise - hold up your main hand to display the number five - do it now .
Now change it to the number two .
If you 're Anglo - Saxon , there 's a 96 % chance you 'll be holding up your middle and index fingers .
If you 're European , there 's a 94 % chance you 'll be holding up your thumb and index finger .
Europeans start counting with the number one on the thumb , two on the index finger , three on the middle finger , and so on .
Anglo - Saxons count number one on the index finger , two on the middle finger and finish with five on the thumb .
Now look at the following hand signals and see how many different meanings you can assign to each one .
For each correct answer , score one point and deduct one point for an incorrect answer .
The answers are listed at the bottom of the page .
For each correct answer you got , allocate yourself one point .
A. Europe and North America : OK Mediterranean region , Russia , Brazil , Turkey :
An orifice signal ; sexual insult ; gay man Tunisia , France , Belgium : Zero ; worthless Japan : Money ; coins
B. Western countries : One ; Excuse me !;
As God is my witness ; No ! ( to children ) OK
C. Britain , Australia , New Zealand , Malta :
Up yours !
USA : Two Germany : Victory France : Peace Ancient Rome : Julius Caesar ordering five beers
D. Europe : Three Catholic countries : A blessing
E. Europe : Two Britain , Australia , New Zealand : One USA : Waiter !
Japan :
An insult
F. Western countries : Four Japan : An insult
G. Western countries : Number 5 Everywhere : Stop ! Greece and Turkey : Go to hell !
H. Mediterranean : Small penis Bali : Bad Japan : Woman South America : Thin France :
You can't fool me !
I. Mediterranean : Your wife is being unfaithful Malta and Italy : Protection against the Evil Eye ( when pointed ) South America : Protection against bad luck ( when rotated ) USA : Texas University Logo , Texas Longhorn Football Team
J. Greece : Go to Hell !
The West : Two
K. Ancient Rome : Up yours !
USA : Screw you !
L. Europe : One Australia : Sit on this !
( upward jerk ) Widespread : Hitchhike ; Good ; OK Greece : Up yours !
( thrust forward ) Japan : Man ; five
M. Hawaii : ' Hang loose '
Holland :
Do you want a drink ?
N. USA : I love you
O. The West : Ten ; I surrender Greece : Up Yours -- twice !
Widespread : I 'm telling the truth
What did you score ?
Over 30 points :
You are a well - travelled , well - rounded , broad - thinking person who gets on well with everyone regardless of where they are from .
People love you .
Why We 're All Becoming More American
15 - 30 points :
You have a basic awareness that others behave differently to you and , with dedicated practice , you can improve the understanding you currently have .
15 points or less :
You think everyone thinks like you do .
You should never be issued a passport or even be allowed out of the house .
You have little concept that the rest of the world is different to you and you think that it 's always the same time and season all over the world .
You are probably an American .
Due to the wide distribution of American television and movies , the younger generations of all cultures are developing a generic form of North American body language .
For example , Australians in their sixties will identify the British Two - Fingers - Up gesture as an insult whereas an Australian teenager is more likely to read it as the number two and will recognize the American Middle - Finger - Raised as a main form of insult .
Most countries now recognize the Ring gesture as meaning ' OK ' , even if it 's not traditionally used locally .
Young children in every country that has television now wear baseball caps backwards and shout ' Hasta la vista , baby ' , even if the do n't understand Spanish .
American television is the prime reason cultural body language differences are disappearing .
The word ' toilet ' is also slowly disappearing from the English language because North Americans , whose ancestral roots are as rugged pioneers and log splitters , are loath to say it .
North Americans wil ask for the ' bathroom ' , which , in many parts of Europe , contains a bath .
Or they ask for a ' rest room ' and are taken to where there are lounge seats to relax .
In England , a ' powder room ' contains a mirror and washbasin , a ' little girls ' room ' is found in a kindergarten and ' comfort stations ' are positioned on the motorways of Europe .
And a North American who asks to ' wash up ' is likely to be gleefully led to the kitchen , given a tea towel and invited to wash the dishes .
Cultural Basics are the Same Almost Everywhere
As discussed earlier , facial expressions and smiles register the same meanings to people almost everywhere .
Paul Ekman of the University of California , San Francisco , showed photographs of the emotions of happiness , anger , fear , sadness , disgust and surprise to people in 21 different cultures and found that in every case , the majority in each country agreed about the pictures that showed happiness , sadness and disgust .
There was agreement by the majority in 20 out of the 21 countries for the surprise expressions , for fear on 19 out of 21 agreed and for anger , 18 out of 21 agreed .
The only significant cultural difference was with the Japanese who described the fear photograph as surprise .
Ekman also went to New Guinea to study the South Fore culture and the Dani people of West Irian who had been isolated from the rest of the world .
He recorded the same results , the exception being that , like the Japanese , these cultures could not distinguish fear from surprise .
He filmed these stone - age people enacting these same expressions and then showed them to Americans who correctly identified them all , proving that the meanings of smiling and facial expressions are universal .
The fact that expressions are inborn in humans was also demonstrated by Dr Linda Camras from DePaul University in Chicago .
She measured Japanese and American infants ' facial responses using the Facial Action Coding System .
This system allowed researchers to record , separate and catalogue infant facial expressions and they found that both Japanese and American infants displayed exactly the same emotional expressions .
So far in this resource the focus has been on body language that is generally common to most parts of the world .
The biggest cultural differences exist mainly in relation to territorial space , eye contact , touch frequency and insult gestures .
The regions that have the greatest number of different local signals are Arab countries , parts of Asia and Japan .
Understanding cultural differences is too big a subject to be covered in a short space , consequently the emphasis here is on the basic things that you are likely to see abroad .
If a Middle Eastern man holds another man 's hand in public , as is done here by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zandariit with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , it 's a sign of mutual respect .
But do n't do it in Texas , USA or Liverpool , England If a Middle Eastern man holds another man 's hand in public , as is done here by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zandariit with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , it 's a sign of mutual respect .
But do n't do it in Texas , USA or Liverpool , England
Greeting Differences
Handshaking differences can make for some embarrassing and humorous cultural encounters .
British , Australian , New Zealander , German and American colleagues will usually shake hands on meeting , and again on departure .
Most European cultures will shake hands with each other several times a day , and some French have been noted to shake hands for up to 30 minutes a day .
Indian , Asian and Arabic cultures may continue to hold your hand when the handshake has ended .
Germans and French give one or two firm pumps followed by a short hold , whereas Brits give three to five pumps compared with an American 's five to seven pumps .
This is hilarious to observe at international conferences where a range of different handshake pumping takes place between surprised delegates .
To the Americans , the Germans , with their single pump , seem distant .
To the Germans however , the Americans pump hands as if they are blowing up an airbed .
When it comes to greeting with a cheek kiss , the Scandinavians are happy with a single kiss , the French mostly prefer a double , while the Dutch , Belgians and Arabs go for a triple kiss .
The Australians , New Zealanders and Americans are continually confused about greeting kisses and bump noses as they fumble their way through a single peck .
The British either avoid kissing by standing back or will surprise you with a European double kiss .
In his book A View from the Summit , Sir Edmund Hillary recounts that on reaching the peak of Everest , he faced Sherpa Tenzing Norgay and offered a proper , British , congratulatory handshake .
But Norgay leaped forward and hugged and kissed him - the proper congratulations of Tibetans .
When One Culture Encounters Another
When Italians talk they keep their hands held high as a way of holding the floor in a conversation .
What seems like affectionate arm touching during an Italian conversation is nothing more than a way of stopping the listener from raising his hands and taking the floor .
To interrupt an Italian you must grab his hands in mid air and hold them down .
As a comparison the Germans and British look as if they are physically paralyzed when they talk .
They are daunted when trying to converse with Italians and French and rarely get an opportunity to speak .
French use their forearms and hands when they talk , Italians use their entire arms and body , while the British and Germans stand at attention .
When it comes to doing international business , sharp dressing , excellent references and a good proposal can all become instantly unstuck by the smallest , most innocent gesture sinking the whole deal .
Research in 50 countries shows North Americans to be the least culturally aware people with the British coming in a close second .
Considering that 80 % of North Americans do n't have a passport , it follows that they would be the most ignorant of international body language customs .
Even George W Bush had to apply for a passport after becoming President of the United States so he could travel overseas .
The British , however , do travel extensively but prefer everyone else to use British body signals , speak English and serve fish and chips .
Most foreign cultures do not expect you to learn their language but are extremely impressed by the traveller who has taken the time to learn and use local body language customs .
This tells them that you respect their culture .
The English Stiff - Upper-Lip
This gesture relates to pursing the lips to control the face so that facial expressions are reduced and as little emotion as possible is shown .
This way the English can give the impression of being in complete emotional control .
When Princes Philip , Charles , Harry and William walked behind the coffin of Diana in 1997 , they each held the Stiff - Upper - Lip expression , which , to many in the non-British world , came across a unemotional about Diana 's death .
King Henry VIII was famous for pulling the Lips - Pursed expression .
He had a small mouth and when he stiffened his upper lip for a portrait it looked even smaller .
This habit led to a small mouth being a superiority signal among the English of the sixteenth century .
The Lips - Pursed is an expression still used today by English people when they feel they are being intimidated by inferior people and this gesture is often accompanied by extended eye blinks .
King Henry VIII popularized this gesture as a high - status signal because of his small mouth ; Americans and the English still use it King Henry VIII popularized this gesture as a high - status signal because of his small mouth ; Americans and the English still use it
The Japanese
One area where handshakes , kissing and bear hugs have not become established is Japan , where such bodily contact is considered impolite .
Japanese people bow on first meeting , the person with the highest status bowing the least and the one with the least status bowing the most .
On first meeting , business cards are exchanged , each person assesses the others status and appropriate bowing follows .
In Japan , make sure your shoes are spotlessly clean and in good condition .
Every time a Japanese bows , he inspects them .
The Japanese way of listening to someone involves a repertoire of smiley nods and polite noises , which have no direct equivalent in other languages .
The idea is to encourage you to keep on talking but this is often misinterpreted by Westerners and Europeans as agreement .
The Head Nod is an almost universal sign for ' yes ' , except for the Bulgarians who use the gesture to signify ' no ' , and the Japanese who use it for politeness .
If you say something a Japanese does n't agree with , he 'll still say ' yes ' - or Hai in Japanese - to keep you talking .
A Japanese ' yes ' usually means , 'yes , I heard you ' and not ' yes , I agree ' .
For example , if you say to a Japanese person ' you do n't agree , do you ? ' he will nod his head and say ' yes ' even though he may not agree .
In the Japanese context , it means ' Yes , you are correct - I do n't agree . '
The Japanese are concerned with saving face and have developed a set of rules to prevent things going wrong so try to avoid saying no or asking questions when the answer might be no .
The closest a Japanese will get to saying the word no is , ' It is very difficult , ' or ' We will give this positive study ' when they really mean , ' Let 's forget the whole thing and go home . '
' You Filthy Pig ! ' - Blowing Your Nose
Europeans and Westerners blow their noses into a handkerchief or tissue while Asians and Japanese spit or snort .
Each is appalled by what they see as the other 's ' disgusting ' behavior .
This dramatic cultural difference is the direct result of the spead of tuberculosis in past centuries .
In Europe , tuberculosis was the AIDS of the era - a disease from which there was little hope of survival so governments instructed people to blow their nose to avoid further spreading the disease .
This is why Westerners react so strongly to spitting - a spitting person could spread tuberculosis around , so people were as alarmed by that prospect as they would be if you could spread AIDS by spitting .
Modern nose - blowing is the result of a post epidemic of tuberculosis .
If tuberculosis had been a problem in Eastern countries , the cultural reaction would be the same as with Westerners .
As a result the Japanese are appalled when someone produces a handkerchief , blows their nose into it and puts it back in their pocket purse or up their sleeve !
Japanese are unimpressed at the English custom of men wearing a handkerchief in their jacket top pocket .
This is the equivalent of proudly dangling a roll of toilet paper from the pocket , ready for action .
Asians believe , correctly , that it is a healthier option to spit but it is a habit that is repulsive to Westerners and Europeans .
This is why business meetings between Westerners and Europeans can fail when they 've all got a cold .
So do n't feel upset by an Asian who spits or snorts and never blow your nose in front of a Japanese person .
The Three Most Common Cross - Cultural Gestures
Let 's examine the cultural interpretations and implications of three common hand gestures , the Ring , the Thumb - Up and the V - sign .
1. The Ring
This gesture was popularized in the USA during the early nineteenth century by the newspapers that were starting a craze or using initials to shorten common phrases .
There are many different views about what the initials ' OK ' originally stood for , some believing it stood for ' all correct ' which was regularly misspelled as ' oil korrect ' , while others say that it means the opposite of ' knock - out ' that is , KO .
' OK ' to a Westerner , ' money ' to a Japanese , ' zero ' to the French and insulting to the Turks and Brazilians ' OK ' to a Westerner , ' money ' to a Japanese , ' zero ' to the French and insulting to the Turks and Brazilians
Another popular theory is that it is an abbreviation of ' Old Kinderhook ' , from the birthplace of a nineteenth - century American president who used the initials as a campaign slogan .
It 's obvious that the ring itself represents the letter ' O ' in the ' OK ' signal .
The ' OK ' meaning is common to all English - speaking countries and its meaning is fast spreading everywhere due to American TV and movies , but it has other origins and meanings in certain places .
In France and Belgium it also means ' zero ' or ' nothing ' .
In a Paris restaurant one evening , the waiter showed us to our table and asked , ' Is the table OK ? '
We flashed him the OK signal and he responded , ' Well , if you do not like it here we 'll find you another table ...'
He had interpreted the OK signal as meaning ' zero ' or ' worthless ' - in other words , he thought we had communicated that we did not like the table .
Use the ' OK ' gesture to tell a French person their cooking is wonderful and they 'll probably throw you out .
In Japan it can mean ' money ' ; if you 're doing business in Japan and you make this sign for ' OK ' a Japanese may think you 're asking them for a bribe .
In some Mediterranean countries it's an orifice signal , often used to infer that a man is homosexual .
Show a Greek man the OK signal and he may think you 're inferring you or he is gay , while a Turk might think you 're calling him an ' arsehole ' .
It 's rare in Arab countries where it is used as either a threat signal or as an obscenity .
In the 1950s , before he became President , Richard Nixon visited Latin America on a goodwill tour to try to patch up strained relations with the locals .
As he stepped out of his plane he showed the waiting crowds the American ' OK ' signal and was stunned as they began booing and hissing at him Being unaware of local body language customs , Nixon 's OK signal had been read as ' You 're all a bunch of arseholes . '
If you travel internationally , the safest rule is to always ask the locals to show you their insult signals to avoid any possible embarrassing circumstances .
2. The Thumb - Up
In places that have strong British influence , such as the US , Australia , South Africa , Singapore and New Zealand , the Thumb - Up gesture has three meanings : it 's commonly used by hitch - hikers who are thumbing a lift ; it is an OK signal ; and when the thumb is jerked sharply upwards it becomes an insult , meaning ' up yours ' or ' sit on this ' .
In some countries , such as Greece , the thumb is thrust forward and its main meaning is ' get stuffed ' !
Never hitch - hike in Greece .
As demonstrated , when Europeans count from one to five , they use the Thumb - Up to mean ' one ' , the index finger becomes ' two ' , whereas most English - speaking people count ' one ' on the index finger and ' two ' on the middle finger .
In this case the Thumb - Up will represent the number ' five ' .
This can mean ' Good ' , ' One ' , ' Up yours ' or ' Sit on this ' depending where you live This can mean ' Good ' , ' One ' , ' Up yours ' or ' Sit on this ' depending where you live
Being the most powerful digit on the hand it is used as a sign of power and can be seen protruding from pockets and sport jackets .
The thumb is also used , in combination with other gestures , as a power and superiority signal or in situations where some people try to get us ' under their thumb ' .
The thumb is referred to in this expression because of its physical power .
3 . The V - Sign
This sign is common in Great Britain , Australia , and New Zealand and carries an ' up yours ' interpretation .
Winston Churchill popularized the ' V for victory ' sign during the Second World War , but his two - fingered version was done with the palm facing out , whereas the palm faces towards the speaker for the obscene insult version .
This can mean ' two ' to an American , ' Victory ' to a German and ' Up yours ' in Britain
This can mean ' two ' to an American , ' Victory ' to a German and ' Up yours ' in Britain
Its origin can be traced back centuries to the English archers who used these two fingers to fire their arrows .
It was considered the ultimate degradation for a skilled archer to be captured and , rather than be executed , have his two shooting fingers removed .
The two - fingered V sign quickly became used as a goading signal in battle by the British to show their enemies ' I 've still got my shooting fingers . '
In parts of Europe , however , the palm - facing - in version still means ' victory ' so an Englishman who uses it to tell a German ' up yours ' could leave the German thinking he'd won a prize .
This signal now also means the number two in some parts of Europe , and if the insulted European was a bartender , his response could be to give an Englishman , American or Australian two mugs of beer .
To Touch or Not to Touch ?
Whether or not someone will be offended by being touched during conversation depends on their culture .
For example , the French and Italians love to continually touch as they talk , while the British prefer not to touch at any time unless it's on a sports field in front of a large audience .
Intimate embracing by British , Australian and New Zealand sportsmen is copied from South American and Continental sportsmen who embrace and kiss each other after a goal is scored and continue this intimate behavior in the dressing rooms .
The moment the Aussies , Brits and Kiwis leave the field , it reverts to the ' hands off - or else ' policy .
British men will only touch each other on a sports field when someone scores a point or a goal and then it's a full embrace , kiss and the odd grope .
But try it on in the pub and see what happens .
Dr Ken Cooper also studied touch frequencies in a number of countries and recorded the following results for touches per hour - Puerto Rico 180 , Paris 110 , Florida 2 , London 0 .
From research and personal experience , here is a list of places where it is acceptable to touch or , to avoid touching :
Do n't Touch Germany Japan England USA & Canada Australia New Zealand Estonia Portugal Northern Europe Scandinavia Do Touch India Turkey France Italy Greece Spain Middle East Parts of Asia Russia
How to Offend Other Cultures
When it comes to inadvertently offending other cultures , Americans usually take first prize .
As mentioned , most Americans do n't have a passport and believe the rest of the world thinks like them and wants to be like them .
Here is a picture of the George W Bush family using the signature gesture of their home state Texas Longhorn football team .
The index finger and little finger represent the horns of the bull and this football gesture is recognized by most Americans .
Sign of the Devil to some people .
Showing this American football gesture is a jailable offense in Italy Sign of the Devil to some people .
Showing this American football gesture is a jailable offense in Italy
In Italy this gesture is known as the ' Cuckold ' and is used to tell a man that other men are screwing his wife .
In 1985 , five Americans were arrested in Rome for jubilantly dancing and using this gesture outside the Vatican following the news of a major Texas Longhorns football win in the United States .
Apparently the Pope was unimpressed .
Summary
People do business with people who make them feel comfortable and it comes down to sincerity and good manners .
When entering a foreign country , concentrate on reducing the broadness of your body language until you have the opportunity to observe the locals .
A simple way to learn and understand cultural body language differences is to record several foreign films and replay them with the sound off , but do n't read the subtitles .
Try to work out what is happening then watch again and read the subtitles to check your accuracy .
If you 're not sure how to be polite in someone else 's culture , ask the locals to show you how things are done .
Cultural misinterpretation of gestures can produce embarrassing results and a person 's background should always be considered before jumping to conclusions about the meaning of his or her body language and gestures .
If you regularly travel internationally , a good resource is Roger Axtell 's Gestures : Do's and Taboos of Body Language Around the World .
Axtell identified over 70,000 different physical signs and customs globally and shows you how to do business in most cultures .
The disclosure of Operation Aurora last month and the outing of theÃ‚Â Kneber botnet gang ’s stolen booty this week have much in common .
Both involved nothing - out - of - the - ordinary cyberattacks that quixotically rose above the din to grab international headlines .
The mainstream attention is welcomed .
It helps to underscore how the Internet underground has advanced to the point where a plethora of powerful hacking tools and servicesÃ‚Â is readily available toÃ‚Â novice hackers and elite crime gangs alike – Ã‚Â withÃ‚Â pricesÃ‚Â to fit every budget .
“ Hacker have more options and are getting better at execution , ” says Don Jackson , senior researcher at SecureWorks .
“ The script kiddie of today is much more dangerous that the script kiddie of five years ago , or even one year ago . ”
Pricing of hacking tools
In Operation Aurora , Chinese hackers sent targeted messages to specific senior managers at 30 corporations luringÃ‚Â them to click on a corrupted Web link .
Clicking on the link activated aÃ‚Â hacking tool designed to tap into a fresh zero - day vulnerability in Internet Explorer browser .
Ã‚Â
The crooks likely paid $ 5,000 or maybe more for this Ã‚Â cutting - edge malicious code .
Such zero - day attacks have long become commonplace , of course .
The template for zero - day attacksÃ‚Â dates back to December 2005 , and the antics of theÃ‚Â Russian iframeCash . biz gang , led by Andrej Sporaw .
The enterprisingÃ‚Â Sporaw and companyÃ‚Â flushed out a fresh zero - day hole in a Windows operating system component , called Windows metaframe file , and began exploiting the WMF hole to launch pop-up ads for early versions of scareware .
You can read about that in this chapter of my book , Zero Day Threat : The Shocking Truth About How Banks and Credit Bureaus Help Cyber Crooks Steal Your Money and Identity .
In the Chinese zero - day attack last month , Ã‚Â one of the targeted corporations happened to be Google — in a mood to complain .
The search giant cried foul , igniting an international brouhaha over how China does business .
By contrast , the Kneber botnet gang paid nothing for the powerful , simple - to - use ZeuS hacking tool they ’ve been using to harvest account logons from tens of thousands of botted PCs inside hundreds of corporate networks .
The version they used has for months been readily available for free on criminal forums .
ZeuS is best known as a widely popular banking Trojan .
Current versions of ZeuS sell for up to $ 10,000 , and are used by elite cyber gangs to wire funds from of the online banking accounts of small - and medium - sized businesses , as LastWatchdog recounted in this investigative story .
But older , free versions of ZeuS work just fine for turning an infected PC into a bot and harvesting all the PC ’s account logons that are stored in Web browser cookies , Ã‚ Â saysÃ‚ Â SecureWorks ’ Jackson .
To bot PCs with their free copy of Zeus , the Kneber gang most likely is patronizing spamming specialists to send out email lures and enticing Facebook messages and Twitter tweets enticing them to click on a corrupted Web link .
The cost : as low as $ 10 per 100,000 spammed messages .
Those fooled into clicking on the link got the Kneber gang ’s free copy of ZeuS installed .
The gang probably spent something on the order of $ 300 to $ 1,000 to rent an Internet - connected server on which they collected and stored the harvested account logons delivered by their freshÃ ‚Â bots .
Drawing notariety
It was this command & control / storage server thatÃ‚Â NetWitness tracked down and accessed in late January .
NetWitness ’ report on what it found — 68,000 account logons stolen from 75,000 botted PCs in 2,411 corporate networks in 196 countries — drew big headlines in the Wall Street Journal and New York Times .
Journal tech security beat reporter Siobhan Gorman reported that the affected companies included Merck , Cardinal Health , Paramount Pictures and Juniper Networks .
NetWitness ’ media coupÃ‚Â sparked some sniping from rival tech security vendors McAfee and Symantec ; each cast aspersions on NetWitness ’ characterizations of the significance of its findings .
NetWitness shot back with this point - by - point response .
Competitive bickering aside , the fact is any capable researcher could have similarly tracked the Kneber gang ’s activities , since they put no effort into stealth .
NetWitness went one big step further and exfiltrated stolen data from the gang ’s server .
Still , Ã‚Â “ compared to other ZeuS operations , this was minor league , ” says Jackson .
Gunter Ollmann , research director at Damballa and a leading botnet expert , says ZeuS is like the iPhone of hacking tools , spawning a multitude of third party plug - in applications .
“ There are plenty of tutorials and scripts available for criminals to copy and learn from , ” says Ollmann .
“ Think of ZeuS as a Swiss Army knife with a Lego interface . ”
Amateurs are getting more widely involved in harvesting data because there is a rich and robust market for valid account logons , which dangle like candy in the Web browsers of workplace laptops and PCs .
And it remains true that many people use the same username and password to gain access to multiple accounts , security experts say .
“ There has always been a market for stolen data , ” says Frank Kenney , VP of Global Strategy for Ipswitch File Transfer .
“ Today , the speed at which that information gets leveraged is astounding . ”
Corporations are having a difficult time keeping up .
“ Most organizations do not have the continuous , real - time monitoring in place to detect this type of activity , ” says Phil Neray , vice president of security strategy at IBM ’s Guardium subsidiary .
“ Many of them still focus on defending network perimeters … others focus exclusively on meeting compliance checklists , forgetting that the true mission of security teams is to protect high - value corporate data . ”
By Byron Acohido
February 19th , 2010 | For consumers | Uncategorized
There is an interesting post on Tech Ticker with Henry Blodget called Yes , It 's Okay To Walk Away From Your Mortgage .
As many Americans begin to realize that it will be many years ( if not decades ) before their houses are worth what they owe on them , the idea of walking away from your mortgage is going mainstream .
Not surprisingly , the mortgage industry is doing everything it can to prevent this , including telling homeowners that they have a " moral obligation " to pay .
But do they ?
There 's no universal answer here , but in most cases , the answer is " Yes , it 's okay to walk away . "
Importantly , the reason is not that " Wall Street deserves it " or " We 've got to teach the banks a lesson " or any of the other retribution logic being thrown around these days .
The reason is that you and your lender engaged in an arms - length transaction in which both parties balanced competing interests and spelled out their obligations in a clear , signed contract .
And unless that contract states that you have a " moral obligation to pay , " you do n't have a moral obligation to pay .
You , meanwhile , also made a business decision .
You decided to borrow money to buy your house even though it meant risking your equity , home , and credit rating .
And now it turns out that both of you made a bad decision .
Fortunately , you do n't have to fight about what happens next .
The contract between you spells everything out :
If you stop paying , the lender gets the house .
That 's it .
Unless the contract specifically differentiates between a failure to pay based on hardship ( involuntary ) and a failure to pay based on a collapse in the value of the house ( voluntary ) , there 's no difference .
If the lender thought at the beginning that you had a " moral obligation to pay , " it would have specified that in the contract .
Now , compare this to a situation in which you DO have a moral obligation to pay :
When you borrow money from a friend at no interest , for example , and you promise that friend that you will give him or her every penny back .
THAT is a moral obligation to pay .
In this case , your friend did not lend you money to make a profit .
Your friend loaned you money to help you out -- with no collateral or contract other than your promise to pay .
If the lender thought at the beginning that you had a " moral obligation to pay , " it would have [ or should have ] specified that in the contract .
Morgan Stanley , the securities firm that spent more than $ 8 billion on commercial property in 2007 , plans to relinquish five San Francisco office buildings to its lender two years after purchasing them from Blackstone Group LP near the top of the market .
The bank has been negotiating an “ orderly transfer ” of the towers since earlier this year , Alyson Barnes , a Morgan Stanley spokeswoman , said yesterday in a telephone interview .
AREA Property Partners will take over the buildings .
Barnes declined to say when the transfer will occur .
“ This is n’t a default or foreclosure situation , ” Barnes said .
“ We are going to give them the properties to get out of the loan obligation . ”
two wrongs do n't make a right
Steve Wozniak says his new Toyota Prius occasionally goes insane on the highway -- and that it's a software problem , not a hardware problem .
He has tried to tell Toyota and the US government , but they wo n't listen .
This is notable for three reasons .
First , it 's a Prius .
We have n't heard of the death - pedal problem in the Prius .
Second , it 's Woz .
People will listen .
Third , it 's more evidence that one of the real problems here may be with Toyota 's electronics .
Given that Toyota is still denying that there 's anything wrong with its electronics , diagnosing the problem and designing a fix could take time .
And Toyota 's already getting clobbered .
Bloomberg 's Mehil Srivastava :
Count Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Wozniak among Toyota Motor Corp. car owners who say their vehicles accelerate unintentionally .
Wozniak ’s 2010 Toyota Prius can unintentionally accelerate to as much as 97 miles ( 156 kilometers ) per hour when he uses cruise control to increase his speed , he said in an interview yesterday .
Toyota and the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration have n’t responded to his complaints in the past two months on what may be a software - related glitch , he said .
“ It ’s scary when it happens , ” Wozniak , 59 , said from San Jose , California .
“ I ’ve had trouble getting both the government safety agency and getting Toyota to listen to me . ”
Keep reading >
Gmail security breach , want some proof ?
Just 2 days ago CC sent me a link to a Chinese blog post about how he noticed his personal emails from Gmail account was accessed and screened by GFW .
I was skeptical and thought it could just be a hoax or hype or just a theory .
And today , the news broke out .
Google officially announced that they will no longer provide censored searches for Google .cn because they faced cyber attacks originated from China which targeted Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists !
This could mean end of the road for Google in China .
As part of this investigation but independent of the attack on Google , we have discovered that the accounts of dozens of U.S.- , China - and Europe - based Gmail users who are advocates of human rights in China appear to have been routinely accessed by third parties .
These accounts have not been accessed through any security breach at Google , but most likely via phishing scams or malware placed on the users ’ computers .
My jaw dropped as I read the statement from Google .
This is exactly what the blog I read 2 days ago tries to prove .
GFW screens personal emails
Jan 10 , 2010
by wzyboy
I setup my Gmail to automatically forward all the emails to my 139 email box , this way I can use my cell phone to receive my Gmail ’s new email notice .
It was this way for long time , and I never had any problems .
Couple of days ago I suddenly noticed that I got many same short email notices .
I thought it was very strange so I signed into my 139 email account .
I saw that these emails repeatedly appeared over 20 times , these 20 emails have the same content , and the sent time was exactly the same also , the only difference is the receiving time .
Then I thought of someone used to experiment with sending emails between Gmail and QQ , and this is my analysis .
Gmail is a responsible email service , it will do its best to ensure your email get to the receiving mailbox .
If the first time receiving mailbox fails to receive the message , it will send you a warning , telling you that your email was delayed .
After a while it will retry , when the many retries fail , then it will send back an email to the sender that his email failed .
After I setup up the email forwarding in my Google account , all emails except the emails sent to the Groups will always be forwarded to 139 , my emails were reviewed and screening in during this forward process .
If before I did n’t have enough evidence , then I now have these evidences .
This is my signature for the Charter 08 , which was blocked .
[ Charter 08 ( 零八宪 章Língbā Xiànzhāng ) is a manifesto signed by over 303 Chinese intellectuals and human rights activists to promote political reform and democratization in the People ’s Republic of China . ]
After trying to send many times , Gmail finally gave up sending and determined sending failure .
But in fact , those emails were all blocked by the screening system and were being screened .
And they were eventually sent to the 139 mail box , that ’s why in my 139 mail box I had 20 same emails .
So is the screening system only screens the email which contains particular email address ?
( for example 2008xianzhang2008@inbox.com )
No , it ’s not like that .
I checked , as long as the emails contains sensitive words , they will be reviewed , please see :
This is a personal email I wrote to my classmate .
This classmate just registered twitter , so I recommended him some well - known twitter friends :
Message -ID : < c81a04af0912312146h7a61dce0i30396bdef672cac6@mail.gmail.com >
Subject : =? GB2312?B?UmU6IL/JxcK1xEdyYXZpdHk=?=
From : Zhuo Wang
To : wzyboy
Content - Type : text / plain ; charset=GB2312
Content - Transfer - Encoding : base64 为什么在图书馆里会发 生ERROR :-36
On 1/1/10 , wzyboy wrote :
写推？不知道…没用过。那个API应该是调用次数吧，我听别人说过，似乎是越高越好。
我建议 你Fo点人：
@guao 半人半机器人。播报谷奥博客上的新消息以及关于Google的新闻
@rtmeme 机器人，偶尔具有人的意识。会自动统计中文推特用户锐推最多的推。如果被它锐推了你的推，说明你的那条推很精彩。我被推过一次。这是一种荣誉啊。
@CMCCSH 和 @CUGSM 这是中国移动和中国联通的两个非官方帐号，人类。两人是相应公司的员工，热情。两人有时会针尖对麦芒。
@xream 无锡人。原天一中学少年班。目前就读于西安交通大学，你可以在他的lists里找到更多的无锡人。
@helloell 气质美女。目前就读 于Swansea , the UK的某大学。
@onlyswan 推特红人，人气极旺。加拿大籍华人，目前就读于上海某大学，本科。人妻。尺度开放而不放荡，好色。兔子说不建议你Fo她，防止你被带坏。
@newsinchina 无私奉献的推特教牧师，热情，精力充沛。
@lianyue 推特中文圈 里Foer最多的人，对事件有独特见解。
@aiww 艾未未。著名维权人士，持不同政见者。
@ranyunfei 冉云飞。同上 。
@fzhenghu 冯正虎。维权人士。详情可点击他的Link查看，是一个字很多、图片很多的Docs文档。 以上这些是我能想起来的一些人。你可以在我的Friends里翻翻，找到更多的人。
( In the email : Twitter name and names of Chinese human rights activists )
If just mentioned certain sensitive names in our email resulted this email ’s ending failure .
Other than this , I looked through some of other delayed emails , these email were mostly between my classmate and me .
I compiled a list :
我眼中的2009 年中国10大网事 |
In my eyes , 10 major incidents on Chinese internet in 2009 中国网络封锁和监控简史| A Brief History of China ’s Internet blocking and monitoring Google Alert – Ubuntu 9.10 [ 微软快速成长型企业资讯快报 ] – 快来免费索取限量 Office 2010 试用光盘！| Microsoft ’s fast - growing enterprise IT Express ] – Come obtained free of charge a limited Office 2010 Trial CD - ROM !
十二棵橡樹 : 关于Google的hosts以及如何使用IPv6 | about google ’s hosts and how to use IPV6 自由门怎么用 在Chrome上？| Freedom gate , how to use it on Chrome ?
可怕 的Gravity | scary Gravity [ 快速成长型企业快报特惠专刊 ] – 新年新希望 ，Office 2010 抢先送惊喜！| [ Fast - growing enterprises express an ex-gratia special issue ] – New Year , new hope , Office 2010 first to get pleasantly surprised !
Springboard Series Insider : Volume 2 , No. 1 零八宪章签名 | Charter 08 signatures
From these titles you can see , not only emails containing political keywords , but some emails only scratches the GFW issue will also be reviewed .
For example the first one “ In my eyes , 10 major incidents on Chinese internet in 2009 ” , I sent this to my email from Google reader .
This article was posted by @jason5ng32 ( well - known blogger ) on kengnengba.com , this article mentioned some things authorities did not want to see , the original article was already deleted .
GFW is really developed to the point of screening personal emails .
If you and your friends use any email accounts in China , the emails will be screened .
Your emails will all be read .
Someone reported this on cnBeta.com , but the article was deleted .
Now I experienced this myself , and post it on Blogspot , so it will not be deleted .
So I am reminding everyone , do n’t think using Gmail is safe , I believe many of Gmail users all setup emails to be forwarded to 139 , be sure to remember that 139 is a email service in China !
— –
wzyboy
Blog : http://wzyboy.info
Twitter : @wzyboy
GV : 1(734)931-0***
Iran , Facebook , and the Limits of Online Activism
A group of Iran ’s green movement activists had a grand and detailed vision for what was supposed to happen on Feb. 11 .
They called it a " Trojan Horse " strategy : Backers of opposition leader Mir-Hossein Mousavi , camouflaged in unassuming attire , would attend the official regime - backed rally commemorating the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution .
Then , at a pre-arranged time , they would assemble in front of the cameras of the foreign news media , reveal themselves as enthusiasts of the green movement , and denounce the brutality of the government for all the world to see .
As we all know , however , there was no great reveal at the official rally :
The plan did n’t work , and Feb. 11 will be remembered by Iran ’s activists not as a triumph , but as a disappointment .
And the scale of the setback , which has placed a significant damper on the movement ’s spirits , is closely tied to the specificity and grandiosity of the visions that were being cultivated in the preceding weeks via blogs , forwarded emails , and social networking sites .
Iranian activists have long reaped the benefits of Internet communication , but especially in the months since the June 12 election , they have also fallen prey to its pitfalls .
Reassured by their own online echo chambers , activists and participants allowed their optimism to grow like a market bubble — a bubble that , many say , was popped on Thursday .
Now , many of the greens are experiencing a sort of idealism hangover .
Mohammad Sadeghi , the 27 - year old Iranian - German who administers Mousavi ’s official Facebook page , admits that he does n’t know what comes next .
He has always managed to be one step ahead of the manifold events of the past year , but now he ’s at a loss .
He created the Facebook page last January , before Mousavi had even officially declared his candidacy , back in the days when Facebook was still freely accessible to any Internet user in Iran .
In the following months , after the page had attracted a small but devoted following , Mousavi ’s campaign reached out to him , expressing its desire to consult and cooperate with him in the run-up to the election .
After the election , Mousavi ’s Tehran - based campaign and his Germany - based Facebook site experienced diverging fates .
Layers of campaign staff were hauled off to Iranian prisons , while the Facebook site saw an explosion in followers .
Sadeghi decided that he had a responsibility to independently continue the campaign in Mousavi ’s name , to serve as a meeting place , conference room , and bulletin board for sympathizers and activists .
By his account , the Facebook page played a key role in propagating the defiant nightly " Allahu Akbar " chant and organizing the protest schedule linked to major Iranian and Shiite holidays .
But Sadeghi also admits that he and his Facebook followers had only planned their activities through Feb. 11 .
He had supposed that by this point the movement ’s strength would be so manifest , and the regime ’s legitimacy so tattered , that the greens could finally enter negotiations and the protest movement would become unnecessary .
Now , Sadeghi sees dark days ahead :
He thinks the people of Iran are doomed to weather a military coup , an anarchic civil war , or international sanctions that cause mass suffering .
Like many of the green movement activists , Sadeghi ’s belief in the protests seems related to their " horizontal organization , " the fact that they were structured without hierarchies .
This was supposed to be the great strength of the movement , but it is also an abiding weakness .
A horizontal organization can’t clearly delineate different roles to different people according to their strengths ; it ca n’t reward those who participate , or sanction those who hesitate .
Facebook enabled many young Iranians to forget these points .
Though Sadeghi says he ’s addressing green activists in Iran when he posts on Mousavi ’s Facebook site , he admits that he does n’t know what percentage of his followers are even in the country , and the official statistics suggest that the vast majority are abroad .
Ultimately , the blessings of new technology do not eliminate the tried and true virtues of institution - building .
It ’s often recalled that the Islamic Revolution succeeded not least because Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini so savvily subverted his imposed exile in Iraq and France by means of cassette recordings denouncing the shah .
It ’s less remarked upon that Khomeini had developed over the previous decades an organization of followers that was prepared not only to distribute his cassettes , but also to develop institutions that adhered to his vision .
Khomeini succeeded not only because of his reach of his spiritualism , or the fervor he aroused with his rhetoric , but because of his commitment to old - fashioned political spade work .
The disappointment of Feb. 11 should be used as an opportunity for a clear - eyed look at the relationships that have developed among activists by means of Internet technology , as well as at the role that technology should play in any deep political change in Iran .
Activists outside of the country should check their enthusiasm with the reminder that they can’t participate in protests in Iran , that at most they can facilitate communications about them or observe them at a remove .
Indeed , it would be most effective if they focused on pressuring the governments in their own resident countries to pay the in-country Iranian activists more heed .
Furthermore , all activists should remember that mass movements in Iran are going to rely heavily on methods of spreading information that do n’t require regular Web access and proxy servers to get around government filters and monitoring .
Text messaging proved much more important in the first major post-election protests than did Internet sites .
Word of mouth should n’t be neglected either , especially among the traditional classes that may be suspicious of upheaval .
And rather than ever insisting on the horizontal nature of the movement , Iran ’s Internet activists — and the Internet ’s Iran activists — should more properly give Mousavi , Mehdi Karroubi , and Mohammed Khatami their due as the putative leaders of the campaign .
The many - voiced , every - man - for - himself spirit of the Iranian blogosphere is an admirable exercise of the freedom of expression , but it is not the ideal way for a group to concentrate its energies in negotiations with a hostile state .
Cynicism and despair may be the order of the day among Iranian activists .
They would do well , though , to remember that social movements on this scale are not a sprint , but a marathon .
In fact , that ’s another lesson that might be learned from Khomeini — he began his agitations against the shah in the early 1960s , a good 15 years before he began realizing his visions of an Islamic state .
The greens may be working to subvert that vision , but they would do well to endorse his cunning patience .
Indeed , it ’s the exception , not the rule , that regimes have fallen by means of a Trojan Horse .
Cameron Abadi is a Berlin - based writer for Die Zeit and Spiegel International .
This year , the International Energy Agency expects oil demand to grow by 1.4 million barrels a day , to 86.3 million barrels a day , or 1.7 percent higher than last year , mostly reversing a drop of 1.3 million barrels a day in 2009 and 300,000 barrels a day the previous year .
But none of this expected growth will come from consumers in the United States , Europe and Japan .
For industrialized nations , which account for 60 percent of global oil demand , energy - saving measures , government subsidies for renewable fuels and declining populations mean that oil demand is unlikely ever to grow again .
“ We ’ve really hit peak demand in developed nations , and so the name of the game now is China , ” said Daniel Yergin , the chairman of IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates .
“ In terms of the dynamism of the market , the vector of demand will be China and the dynamo of supplies is Iraq . ”
More than ever , what happens in the next few years to China will be central to the direction of the oil markets .
From 2003 to 2008 , more than half the growth in oil demand came from China , according to analysts at Raymond James .
Even last year , when demand in most of the world shrank , China was the only major economy to see strong growth , with its oil consumption rising 5.7 percent .
This year , analysts expect Chinese oil demand to grow at an even faster pace .
In 2009 , more cars were sold in China than in the United States , something most analysts did not expect to see before 2018 or 2020 , said Mr. Yergin .
If China continues at its current pace , he said , it will be consuming more oil than the United States by the end of the decade .
“ That will happen unless they step up on the gas in terms of energy efficiency and electric cars , ” Mr. Yergin said .
At the Davos conference in January , Tony Hayward , the BP chief executive , summed up the industry ’s sentiment : “ The challenge is how to actually meet this growing demand for oil and to keep the lid on prices . ”
Updated
Nina Funnell from the NSW Rape Crisis Centre who says that women studying at Sydney University 's college fear ostracism if they report rape , and the colleges must acknowledge there is a problem .
Source : 7.30 New South Wales | Duration : 6 min 1sec
Topics : youth , nsw
Transcript
Editor 's note ( November 20 ) : The graphic used in the video is incorrect .
It is a photograph of St John 's College , not St Paul 's College .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER , PRESENTER : A revealing pro-rape , anti-consent page on Facebook , the social networking website , has exposed a culture conducive to misogyny at Sydney University 's most hallowed hall , the all - male St Paul 's college .
Misogyny is hatred or contempt for the human rights of women .
The Sydney Morning Herald investigations editor Ruth Pollard uncovered the site , which has now been removed .
The university is investigating and now has the names of college students and former students associated with the ' Define Statutory ' group .
The police sex crimes unit and the Rape Crisis Centre have condemned the site because they say it grooms perpetrators of sexual violence .
Ruth Pollard 's main informant was Nina Funnell , freelance writer , a former student and tutor at Sydney University and a current board member of the Rape Crisis Centre .
And for your information , there is one explicit sexual reference in this interview .
Nina Funnell , welcome to Stateline What prompted this exposure ?
NINA Funnell , FREELANCE WRITER :
Well I was a student and tutor at the university and during my time there I had a number of young women come and disclose to me that they'd been the victims of rape or sexual harassment whilst in their college years .
And I was really distressed by this .
And then one of the students who had alleged that she 'd been raped by a college man actually found the website and it was actually one of the members of the website who had assaulted her .
And so I spoke to her about this and she decided , along with a group of other women , that they wanted to speak out about this and take it to the media and expose the culture for what it is .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER : Why not to the college ?
NINA FUNNELL : Well , in the past I 've actually been involved in trying to raise awareness about these issues and other women and myself have often been laughed off as either , " Oh , you 're just a femi - Nazi , " or , " You 're blowing this out of proportion , " or , " Why ca n't you just learn to take a joke ? "
So we figured that because the college heads do n't always respect young women to begin with , we probably would n't be listened to and so we would have a better chance going to the media .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER :
So a serious reputational risk for the college .
Now , rape is a criminal offence and you 're saying that the women did not report the rape .
Now we know many women do n't report rape in NSW because they have no confidence in the criminal justice system here .
So where does this go , because it's an allegation that 's just not going to be proved ?
NINA FUNNELL : Well , we know that , as you said , most women do n't report rape anyway , but in the college culture they 're even less likely to report , because we have to remember that these women are expected to live , study , work and socialise alongside these people on a daily basis and they risk massive social ostracism if they speak out about it .
So most of them will never report .
And I 've actually spoken to women who allege to me that they were assaulted and when I said to them , " Well did you report it ? "
They said , " Well , report what ?
Who 's going to believe me ?
And if I do report it , I 'll be shunned by the entire college community . "
QUENTIN DEMPSTER : St Paul 's college is investigating .
Have they acknowledged a problem ?
NINA FUNNELL : Absolutely not .
I think that their response has been completely pathetic .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER :
What about the university , though ?
NINA FUNNELL : Yes , and the Vice Chancellor has actually been very good .
He has acknowledged that there is a problem and I think that he is committed to taking action about it .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER :
The language on the website ' Defines statutory ' , pro-rape , anti-consent .
There must be some law students there because there 's a debate on about the definitions of consent , is n't there ?
NINA FUNNELL : Well , yes , and we need to remember that the consent laws actually changed in 2007 , so many young people believe that no means no , but pretty much anything else means yes , whereas now the consent laws state that women are never in a state of consent unless they actively and freely state that they are .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER : Let 's explore that for a moment .
So all the young men and women understand the laws in NSW were changed in 2007 redefining consent so that even if a woman is drunk out of her mind , that is no defence for an accused on the basis of consent ?
NINA FUNNELL : Absolutely not .
And in fact if a woman is so drunk that she 's at the point of passing out she actually does not have the capacity to give consent in the same way that an eight - year - old child does not have the capacity to give consent .
So students need to be very careful around these issues , particularly with the culture of binge drinking that we know is endemic within college life .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER :
What must a man do to satisfy a court that there is consent ?
What do you have to do to get consent ?
NINA FUNNELL : Well , the laws now state that they have to be able to demonstrate that they took reasonable efforts to ensure that consent was given freely .
Basically all that means is you 're saying to the person , " Is this OK ?
Are you having a good time ? , " and ensuring consent that way .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER :
And this is not in the attitudes expressed in either this college , this university , or across the spectrum really .
NINA FUNNELL : Well , I mean , we know that St Paul 's used to have in their Salisbury bar something that said , " They ca n't say no with a c..k in their mouth , " and when one student actually wrote about this in Honi Soit , instead of removing the offending graffiti immediately , what they did was they called the female student and banned her for life from ever coming back to the pub .
That was their response .
So there is a certainly problem .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER :
The difficulty for women at this university and other institutions is this peer pressure , they cannot speak out because to do so would mean they'd have to pack their bags and leave ?
NINA FUNNELL : That 's right .
And we also need to remember that many of these students themselves , even if they did leave , their parents and family members often attended the same university colleges as well , so it 's even more difficult to speak out about their ordeals .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER : You 're meeting the Vice Chancellor of Sydney University .
What do you want to happen ?
NINA FUNNELL : Well I think he 's actually really committed to discussing this issue and I 'm hoping that what will happen is that there will be an investigation , that experts will be consulted and brought in to evaluate the current culture and that ultimately some sort of plan will be - and education strategy will be rolled out to the colleges to change the current culture .
QUENTIN DEMPSTER : Good luck , Nina Funnell .
Thanks very much .
NINA FUNNELL : Thank you .
Perhaps you have built a NES " cigar box " - style ' Gamer Guitar ' ( book p. 193 ) and learned to play a few tunes , but you have decided that it is just not loud enough .
No matter how hard you wail on your guitar , its little acoustic chamber just can't do that three - chord classic ' Wild Thing ' any justice .
What is a guitarist to do ?
If you have diligently read 62 Projects to Make with a Dead Computer , you perhaps might already know the answer .
As the project aptly titled ' Acoustic Rock Revolution ' ( book p. 184 ) demonstrates , you must amplify !
Yes my friends , it is time to amplify your Gamer Guitar and rock out in your garage like a hurricane ( or at least a tropical depression - exotic and angsty ) .
Using a handful of basic , easy - to - find , parts and tools , I 'm going to show you how to perform this operation in a matter of minutes .
For those about to rock , I salute you .
( Note : In the video , I sent the guitar through a killer fuzz pedal .
Normal amplification is cleaner sounding and with less feedback . )
CHICAGO ( AP ) — A Black death - row inmate who was convicted of kidnapping and killing a Texas teenager in 1994 has been scheduled for execution in November , the Justice Department announced Wednesday .
If the lethal injection goes ahead as scheduled Nov. 19 , Orlando Hall would be the eighth person executed this year as part of the Trump administration 's resumption of federal executions after a nearly two - decade pause .
Hall , 49 , was one of five men who prosecutors said kidnapped 16 - year - old Lisa Rene from her home in Arlington , Texas , to get revenge on her two brothers for a botched $ 5,000 marijuana deal .
Over two days , she was taken to Arkansas , gang - raped , bludgeoned with a shovel and buried alive .
Hall ’s lawyers said in a statement that their client is scheduled to die by lethal injection Nov. 19 at a federal prison in Terre Haute , Indiana .
The Department of Justice confirmed that information .
Last week , Christopher Vialva , 40 , another Black federal death - row inmate , was put to death at the same facility for killing a religious couple visiting Texas from Iowa .
Hall ’s attorneys , Marcia A. Widder and Robert C. Owen said Hall was sentenced to death on the recommendation of an all - white jury .
The lawyers said the selection of those jurors displayed racial bias .
Vialva ’s lawyer , Susan Otto , also said race played a role in landing her client on death row .
Prosecutors say Rene was dragged from the family ’s apartment as she pleaded with a 911 operator .
“ They ’re trying to break down my door !
Hurry up ! ” she said , according to a recording of the call .
Hall ’s lawyers said he never denied his role in Rene ’s killing and that Hall 's expressions of remorse showed he “ is not among the ‘ worst of the worst ’ for whom the death penalty is properly reserved . "
Jurors who decided his fate , they contend , were n’t aware of the severe trauma
Hall experienced growing up and how he had once saved his 3 - year - old nephew from drowning by leaping from a balcony to rescue the boy at a motel pool .
“ Had jurors known these facts about Mr. Hall , there is every reason to believe they would have spared his life , despite his admitted involvement in a terrible crime , ” the lawyers ’ statement said .
Vialva's Sept. 24 execution was the seventh federal execution since July and the second in that week .
Five of the first six to die were white , which critics argued was a political calculation to avoid uproar .
The sixth was Navajo .
Questions about racial bias in the criminal justice system have been front and center since May , following the death of George Floyd after a white Minneapolis police officer pressed his knee on the handcuffed Black man ’s neck for several minutes .
A recent report by the Washington , D.C. - based Death Penalty Information Center said Black people remain overrepresented on death rows and that Black people who kill white people are far more likely to be sentenced to death than white people who kill Black people .
Of the 55 inmates currently on federal death row , nearly 50 % are Black , according to center data updated Wednesday ; round 40 % , are white and some 12 % Latino .
There is one Asian on federal death row .
Black people make up only about 13 % of the population .
Federal authorities executed just three prisoners in the previous 56 years .
Death penalty foes accuse President Donald Trump of restarting them to help stake a claim as the law - and - order candidate in the Nov. 3 election .
___
Balsamo reported from Washington , D.C .
___
Follow Michael Tarm on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mtarm
Google Calendar Tab is an extension for the Thunderbird email client that integrates Google Calendar in the desktop email program .
If you are a Gmail user chance is that you are also subscribed to other Google services such as Google Calendar .
We all know that Thunderbird users can integrate Gmail in the desktop email client to archive messages , access mails while the computer is offline , and manage the account almost as if they would use the Google web mail interface .
There has not however been a way to integrate other Google services that are related to Gmail into Thunderbird , and that includes Google Calendar .
Update : The Lightning Calendar add - on was integrated in Thunderbird recently .
It enables you to integrate Google Calendar with Thunderbird .
Instructions on how to do so are provided here .
Integrate Google Calendar Into Thunderbird
The Google Calendar Tab add - on for Thunderbird changes this .
It displays the web interface of Google Calendar in a new tab in Thunderbird .
And since the extension uses the same account system , all calendar information from Google accounts are already available in Thunderbird once you install the extension and connect it to a Google account .
It is possible to view , edit and add events to Google Calendar which are then also visible on the Google Calendar website .
Basically , all information are synced between the email client and Google Calendar from the time of set up so that you have access to them in all other applications on on the web .
If the calendar has been configured to show popups , then they will be shown in Thunderbird as well .
The extension for the email client supports both Google Calendar and Calendar for Google Apps .
Google Calendar Tab is an interesting add - on for Thunderbird that aids Google Calendar users who work with Thunderbird to integrate their calendar into the email client .
There are other options to do that .
IIRC it is possible to integrate Google Calendar into Lightning as well .
Update :
It is 2014 now and the extension works fine in all recent versions of the Thunderbird email client .
To install it , download it from the official project page on the Thunderbird Extensions repository .
Once done , open Thunderbird and select Tools >
Add-ons from the menu .
Click on the small settings icon next to search at the top of that page , and select the install add - on from file option .
Use the file browser to select the downloaded extension file and confirm the prompt asking whether you want to install it to the email client .
The extension has not been updated since 2011 , and some features may not work anymore .
Its core feature set , the ability to display Google Calendar events in Thunderbird , is still working however .
Summary Author Rating no rating based on 0 votes Software Name Google Calendar Tab Software Category Email Landing Page https://addons.mozilla.org/thunderbird/addon/google-calendar-tab/
Advertisement
If you missed the KTLA link from The Times ' home page , here 's the story :
While some cities in Southern California are calling for mandatory water conservation , officials in Orange are taking a family to court because their drought - tolerant lawn alternative is not up to code .
In what sounds eerily similar to the “ yard cop ” stories Steve Lopez has reported in the past , Quan and Angelina Ha have been going back and forth with the city for more than a year about their lack of lawn .
Prompted by one neighbor ’s anonymous complaint , the Has were cited for not having 40 % of their yard landscaped , per city law .
The couple were contacted after they tore out their lawn and left the yard bare .
They have since planted drought - tolerant landscaping , including some lavender , rosemary and native wildflower seeds , which they say are germinating under wood chips .
You can see the current landscape on KTLA video here .
The Has have been summoned to court on Tuesday .
The maximum penalty : six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine .
March 2 : For a court update , click here .
-- Lisa Boone
Photo credit : Angelina Ha
Become a fan :
We 've set up a page dedicated to gardening at facebook.com / latimesgarden .
( Washington , DC ) - Morocco should immediately release an elderly retired major - colonel serving a 12 - year prison term on dubious charges of divulging a " national defense secret , " Human Rights Watch said today in a letter to King Mohammed VI .
A military court punished Kaddour Terhzaz , 72 , for sharing " secret " information with a former air force pilot in 2005 .
But the ex-pilot had already conveyed the same information in an interview published in the Moroccan press the previous year , Human Rights Watch said .
The information concerned the equipment on board Moroccan air force jets more than a quarter - century earlier .
" When a military court convicts a retired officer in 2008 for sharing information three years earlier that concerns aircraft used in the 1970s , information that was already public anyway , you may well suspect that he 's being punished for something else , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
In 2005 , Terhzaz wrote a letter to the king deploring what he considered Morocco 's shabby treatment of former air force pilots .
The Polisario Front , which seeks independence for Western Sahara , had shot down these pilots and taken them prisoner during the war over Western Sahara in the 1970's .
Freed after a quarter century in captivity in Algeria and back home in Morocco , some of the former pilots tried to organize an association to lobby for better treatment .
In support of their cause , Terhzaz , who used to command the pilots , mentioned in his letter to the king that these pilots had gone into battle even though their jets lacked anti-missile defenses .
He then gave a copy of his letter to one of the former pilots .
On November 8 , 2008 , authorities arrested Terhzaz and charged him with sharing a " national defense secret " - the absence of anti-missile systems on the fighter planes of the 1970s - with someone " not qualified " to know it - namely , the former pilot to whom he had given the letter .
In a brief and closed trial 19 days later , at which no witnesses were called to testify , a military court in Rabat sentenced Terhzaz to 12 years in prison .
The Supreme Court confirmed the verdict in May 2009 .
Terhzaz has been in Salé prison for 15 months under harsh conditions , confined since November 30 , 2009 to a one - person cell and deprived of nearly all contact with other prisoners .
Authorities have also restricted his access to lawyers .
Human Rights
Watch 's letter to the king cited an article published in a Moroccan daily in 2004 that provided the same piece of information that cost Terhzaz a 12 - year prison term when he mentioned it in a private communication one year later .
Terhzaz has both Moroccan and French citizenship .
Since his arrest , French authorities have not expressed concern publicly about his case .
" Kaddour Terhzaz is in prison for revealing a ‘ secret ' that was already public , " Whitson said .
" The king , as an advocate of judicial reform and as commander - in - chief of the Royal Armed Forces , should take a special interest in remedying this clear miscarriage of justice . "
Most of the technologies that we have used in the past have been eclipsed by the remarkable technology that we use today .
Advances in their design have occurred in tandem with the advances in technology in this digital era , with many large products being redesigned and miniaturized into amazingly small sizes .
While we may laugh at the fact that anyone ever found this technology to be cutting - edge , we ca n’t discount its place in history as a forerunner for all of the technology that would n’t exist today without its dinosaur ancestry .
Here is a quick look through history at vintage technologies that we no longer use .
1. “ Super 8/8 m m ” Handheld Video Cameras
Kodak invented the Super 8/8 mm film format in 1965 .
Soon after , handheld film cameras flooded the market and the living rooms of people everywhere were filled with families watching the hi-jinks at Freddie ’s sixth birthday party .
2. Betamax
Betamax was developed by Sony in 1975 , a year before the ultimately more popular VHS format was invented as a response to Sony ’s attempt to control the format of the industry .
3. VHS Format
Invented by JVC , VHS was the predominant video format by the 1980 ’s , despite what some argued was the technical superiority of the Betamax format .
4. Laser Disc Players
Initially marketed as “ Discovision ” , laser discs were the format choice of tech enthusiasts who had the money to put together a collection until the DVD format came out .
5. Phonograph
The phonograph , or gramophone , was invented by Thomas Edison in 1877 and was on the mass market by the turn of the century .
The gramophone was replaced by the considerably less bulky record player in the latter half of the twentieth century .
6. Turntables
Record players are still in use in DJ booths , recording studios , and radio stations all over the world .
7. HAM Radio
An estimated six million people are still involved with this hobby that began at the start of the 20th century .
HAM radio operators communicate with each other over short wave radio .
HAM radios have been featured in many popular movies , including The Shining and Contact .
8. Reel to Reel
The first tape recorders were reel to reel and were the preferred technology for professional sound designers until digital formats rendered them obsolete .
9. Cassette Tape Recorders
These devices were considerably less bulky then their reel to reel ancestors , and were used mostly for transcription .
10 . Transistor Radios
Transistor radios typically only picked up on the AM band and were a ubiquitous sight in schools and businesses in the seventies .
11 . Cassette Tapes
The compact cassette was originally developed for transcription purposes , and its users quickly realized that they could use it to record music and make “ mixed tapes ” .
12 . Boom Boxes
Associated with hip hop , break - dancing , and other aspects of eighties culture , the boom box was introduced in the late 1970 ’s as portable , all - in - one music devices .
Earlier models took huge quantities of batteries and were very heavy .
13 . Telegraph
The telegraph was the precursor to telex and fax machines .
Used by shipping operators and for military uses , the telegraph required a skilled operator to transmit and receive messages .
14 . Telex Machines
These machines used radio and / or microwaves to transmit information over the airwaves .
Variations of them are still in use today for communications by the hearing impaired .
15 . Wang Calculators
No , we did n’t pick that just for the headline .
In the seventies , Wang manufactured mini-computers that were a cut above your standard accounting computer , with exciting features like a FORTRAN IV compiler .
16 . Analog Telephones
While exactly who invented the phone is a topic of debate , the first patent was awarded to Alexander Graham Bell in 1876 .
They have evolved from rotary dial models to smart phones that we can use today to surf the internet .
17 . PDA’s
Considered one of the biggest tech flops of all time , the Apple Newton was sold at a huge price point compared to other Personal Digital Assistants ( PDA ) that were on the market .
Personal digital assistants were electronic timekeepers for the times when you could n’t fit a computer in your pocket .
The Newton ’s development laid the groundwork for Apple ’s hugely successful iPod and iPhone .
Who ’s laughing now ?
18 . Portable Televisions
Portable televisions , such as Sony ’s Watchman , were an idea that came a little before the ability of the media to catch up to it .
With a limited selection of channels , they never really caught on .
19 . Walkman
The Walkman was invented for the co-chairman of Sony , Akio Morita , who wanted to be able to listen to his favorite operas on plane trips .
It was initially marketed as the Soundabout in North America , but the “ Walkman ” name was used for the product up until the present day .
20 . Discman
Two years after the mass production of the Compact Disc , Sony released its portable player for it .
While they were popular with audiophiles , who appreciated the quality of recording , earlier Discmans would skip and did n’t allow for the popular “ mix tapes ” until it became possible for computers to “ burn ” CD’s .
21 . Pagers
Pagers were commonly used from the seventies to the nineties , when widespread adoption of cell phones rendered them obsolete for mass market use .
They are still used by emergency responders as they are not subject to network outages or similar disruptions in communication .
22 . LED Watch
The watch pictured is the Pulsar , the first LED watch .
The watch ’s designer was inspired by the film 2001 : A Space Odyssey , having worked on the timepiece props for the movie .
23 . TV Watch
While the concept of this watch was attractive , it faced the same lack of channel availability issues as the Watchman .
24 . Seiko Wrist Computer
The smartphone of 1984 : this took the idea of the “ computer watch ” to a whole new level .
Think this is too much ?
Consider the nuclear watch , whose invention was rumoured in this Time magazine article .
Be very glad that never happened .
25 . Calculator Watches
The eighties saw watches infused with more gizmos than ever before .
The most ubiquitous watch in geek culture was the calculator watch .
Since most of us now have computers attached to our hips , it is no longer necessary .
Unless you ’re Dwight Schrute .
26 . CRT Monitor
Just when you thought you were done with vacuum tubes in your computers , they put them in your monitors in the form of cathode ray tubes ( CRT ) .
27 . Massive Mainframes
While mainframes still exist , they generally do n’t take up entire rooms or store information on magnetic tape .
28 . Typewriters
While some writers still swear by them , most writers remember when they swore at them and have happily moved on .
29 . Dial - Up Modems
The dial - up modem was used everywhere until cable internet and DSL became available to the masses .
While they are still in widespread use , everyone who has one wants to upgrade .
30 . Zip Drive
This short - lived technology was the bridge between 3.5 ″ Floppy Disc and CD storage .
31 . Slide Projectors
These were classroom and office standbys for years , and were replaced by digital projectors and smartboards .
32 . 8 ″ Floppy Disc
If you wanted to save one or two word processing documents , you could do it on these .
Their smaller relatives are still in widespread use .
33 . 3.5 ″ Floppy Disc
The 3.5 ″ Floppy took over from its bulkier cousin with larger storage and a less destructible design .
It had largely been replaced by the late nineties by CD ’s , DVD ’s , USB drives and other more convenient computer storage methods .
34 . Polaroid Cameras
While these cameras were largely replaced by digital cameras , the trademark has recently been purchased and the buyers are trying to breathe new life into the brand by hiring Lady Gaga as a spokesperson .
35 . Home Movie Projectors
Super 8 home movies and educational films were shown on these simple projectors .
While they are still used in some schools , they have been largely replaced by digital projectors and the fact that you can now burn most home movies to a DVD .
36 . Vinyl Records
Vinyl was the dominant music format for the 20th Century .
From your grandmother ’s old 78 ’s to the single 45 format , vinyl was perfected over the years to be as acoustically correct and cheap to press as possible .
While they are still in use by DJ ’s and radio stations , records have for the most part been relegated to the garage sale heap .
37 . CRT Television
The first widespread use of television was in Germany beginning in 1929 , and the German Olympic Games of 1936 were the first to be broadcast on television .
Televisions remained out of the reach of the middle class until the 1950’s , when their ownership boomed globally and television shows became more popular .
Cathode ray tubes gave way to the technologies that we use for television now , making sets less bulky and furniture - like .
38 . Tape Drives
Remember when backing up the computer meant changing the tape in the tape drive and letting it back up overnight ?
We ’re so glad those days are gone too .
The clunky old tape drives of the past did n’t store a lot of data and it would often take multiple tapes to back up important data .
Old - school programmers started out as “ tape - apes ” doing backups as junior programmers .
39 . 8 Track
Stereo 8 was more commonly known as the eight track tape .
It was the portable format of choice for a brief period in the 70’s before cassette tapes took over .
Disclaimer :
This is not a complete list .
Among others , we have purposely omitted featuring vintage computers , game consoles and others as some of these would merit their own post and we may cover them in future posts .
Compiled exclusively for WDD by Angela West .
Have we missed your favorite piece of vintage technology ?
Feel free to post it in the comments section below .
Caching in Hakyll : Long live Data .
Binary !
Published on January 25 , 2010 under the tag Some thoughts and findings on implementing caching in HakyllPublished on January 25 , 2010 under the tag haskell
What is this about
Some experiences from trying to make Hakyll run faster .
I explain some of the things I have tried , and some of the things that have failed , in the hope this could one day be helpful to other projects .
How much does speed matter in Hakyll
Before you implement any caching measures in any program , you try to estimate what the speed gain will be .
This is a heap profile from me generating this site from scratch ( so after a . / hakyll clean ) .
A graph showing that pandoc takes most time
I am far from an expert at Haskell profiling , and this graph is a heap profile and not really a benchmark , but I think you can nonetheless see that the functions from Pandoc ( seen here as the top yellow and pink blocks ) are the “ more heavy ” ones .
This makes sense , because rendering Pandoc markdown to html is not easy .
The total time is under 2 seconds , but there are only a few blogposts on this site now .
I ’ve taken it to the test , copying a blogpost a hundred times , and the result was that the time taken rose linearly with the number of posts ( hey , who would ’ve expected that ) .
The thing is that we ca n’t simply “ make pandoc faster ” .
Pandoc is a marvelous piece of software , and probably quite optimized .
What we can do is try to call Pandoc less .
One “ caching ” technique used in Hakyll is simple timestamp checking .
For example , the projects page on my website is created from two files : a projects .
markdown file containing the content , and a default template templates / default .
html containing the header and footer of this site .
Now , Hakyll generates all of it ’s files to the _site directory .
So it will perform a trivial timestamp test , and if _site / projects .
html exists , and is more recent than both projects .
markdown and templates / default .html , we do n’t have to generate it again .
good :
If we edit projects .
markdown , only that file needs to be built again .
: If we edit , only that file needs to be built again .
bad :
If we edit templates / default .html , all pages using this template need to be rebuilt .
And as you can see , every page uses this template !
So the solution here would be to cache Pandoc results in the _cache directory .
Our code to load a page would then be something like :
valid <- check that the page is in _cache and more recent than the original if valid then return the result from the cache else read and parse the page store it in the cache return it
This means that when we edit templates / default .html , we do n’t have to render every markdown file anymore , we can just fetch it from the cache .
Now , how will we implement this storing and fetching from the cache ?
Rolling our own serializer ( disclaimer : worst idea )
A simple markdown page has the following layout :
--- title : Foobar --- sidebar
This is a _sidebar_ .
--- # Title -
Item one . - Item two .
My first idea was to store this in the cache as
--- title : Foobar --- sidebar
This is a < i>sidebar </i>. --- <h1> Title</h1 > < ul > < li>Item one .</ li > < li >Item two .</li > </ul >
So , we basically write it out in the same format , but with the rendered html , so we do n’t need to call Pandoc anymore .
This seemed like an okay idea to me , but I encountered some problems very quickly :
It is not that easy to write it out in the same format .
We need to watch out not to add --- lines in the html , or it will be read wrong when we fetch it from the cache .
lines in the html , or it will be read wrong when we fetch it from the cache .
It is still pretty slow to parse , because we want to check for the different sections , like the sidebar in this example .
I eagerly ran the test with a hundred blogposts again , waited and … well , to be fair , I did n’t even finish implementing this ( I implemented a part of it , but it was still buggy ) .
So , in short , this was a pretty bad idea : not easy to implement , and it was slow .
deriving ( Show , Read )
Haskell provides automatic serialization using the Show and Read typeclasses .
This seemed like an appealing option to me , also because of the fact it is very trivial to implement .
I just made the Page type an instance :
data Page = Page Context deriving ( Show , Read )
I eagerly ran the test with a hundred blogposts again , waited and … nothing .
Well , nearly nothing .
I knew the automatic Read class is not that fast for large datatypes , but I had n’t expected it to be so slow in this particular case .
From 60 seconds without caching , it now took 58 seconds .
Great , just great .
But my options were n’t exhausted yet .
I had recently read about the supposedly great Data .
Binary library , so I thought I ’d give it a try .
Data .
Binary
It turned out adding an instance for Binary Page was nearly as easy as adding the Show and Read instances .
Since Data .
Binary provides instances for lists , tuples and strings , we can also serialize maps using the toAscList and fromAscList functions .
Put short , I was able to make the Page type serializable using three lines of code :
instance Binary Page where Page context ) = put $ M.toAscList context put ( context ) putM.toAscList context = liftM ( Page . M.fromAscList ) get getliftM ( M.fromAscList ) get
I eagerly ran the test with a hundred blogposts again , waited and … profit !
From previously taking 60 seconds , it now took only 15 seconds !
Conclusions
2010-01-19 05:05:00 PST -- A California Highway Patrol officer was wounded this morning in a shooting outside a Walgreens pharmacy in Oakland that left one suspect dead while another remained inside in a two - hour standoff with police , a CHP sergeant said .
Two CHP patrol officers were flagged down by pharmacy employees reporting an armed robbery in progress at a Walgreens located at 51st Street and Shattuck Avenue at around 1:05 a.m. , CHP Sgt. Trent Cross said .
It will never happen , he insists ...
Slash has revealed that the original line - up of Guns N ' Roses were offered over $ 100 million to reform .
Despite the bonanza money offer , the legendary guitarist – real name Saul Hudson – says he will never reunite with Axl Rose and co .
The 44 - year - old told GQ Magazine : " Things were so abrasive by the time I left .
I 've never thought , ' Oh , would n't it be nice to get back together ' .
Because I know it would n't !
" He went on to describe Guns N Roses ' 1993 tour as " an ongoing exercise in how we could bond the least " , before adding : " One of the two of us will die before a reunion .
" Asked what kind of figures they were offered to reunite , Slash said : " I can't remember exact numbers , but excessive .
Seven , eight - digit kinds of things .
" He went on to confirm the figure was more than $ 100 million .
Despite ruling out the chances of ever reforming , Slash is tinged with sadness at the prospect of a world without the original Guns N ' Roses line up .
" It 's sad that something so good does n't exist any more , even though we 're both still alive and on the same planet , ” he said .
" When we were on stage we were a real force together .
But it got to a point off stage where it was impossible for us to even be in the same room together and create any music . "
" This is for everybody in this city , " said coach Sean Payton , the architect of the Saints ' turnaround .
" This stadium used to have holes in it and used to be wet .
It 's not wet anymore .
This is for the city of New Orleans . "
And it came courtesy of Garrett Hartley and the Aints -- who surely ain't the Aints anymore .
" In reality , we had to lean on each other in order to survive and in order to get where we are now , " quarterback Drew Brees said .
" The city is on its way to recovery , and in a lot of ways has come back better than ever .
We 've used the strength and resiliency of our fans to go out and play every Sunday and play with the confidence that we can do it , that we can achieve everything we 've set out to achieve . "
Favre threw away Minnesota 's best chance to win , tossing an interception deep in New Orleans territory in the closing seconds of regulation .
Then the Saints won the coin toss and ended it on Hartley 's kick 4:45 into OT .
" Just helping my team get to Miami , " he said .
" Just doing my part . "
A team of nomads after Katrina ravaged its city and the Superdome , overcame a slew of mistakes in the biggest game the Big Easy has ever seen .
Forget the paper bag masks and that long history of losing that started in 1967 .
Moments after Hartley 's kick , they were toasting their hometown winners in the French Quarter and making plans for South Florida .
The Saints ( 15 - 3 ) will meet Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts ( 16 - 2 ) in the Super Bowl in two weeks in Miami .
The Colts opened as 4 - point favorites .
" Brett prepared us , but now we 've got another challenge in Peyton , " safety Darren Sharper said .
And in the Superdome , once a squalid refuge after Katrina , they boogied in the aisles as confetti covered the field .
" It 's a moment I 've been waiting for for a long time and obviously we 're not done yet , " said Brees , Payton 's hand - picked QB for the Saints ' renaissance .
It 's the first time the top seeds in each conference made the big game since the 1993 season .
There were nine fumbles and two interceptions , and the biggest mistake belonged to Favre .
Flushed from the pocket in the final minute , he seemed to have room to run to set up a field goal .
But hampered by a left leg injured in the third quarter , he threw cross-field and was intercepted by Tracy Porter at the 22 .
That finished off Minnesota 's chance for its first Super Bowl trip in 33 years -- and opportunity to win it for the first time after four defeats .
The Vikings have lost five straight NFC title games .
" I 've felt better , " said Favre , who looked every bit his 40 years .
" It was a physical game .
A lot of hits .
You win that and you sure feel a lot better . "
New Orleans won the coin toss , Brees guided it to the Minnesota 22 after converting a fourth - and - 1 on Pierre Thomas ' leap over the line , and Hartley -- suspended at the start of the season for using a banned stimulant -- split the uprights .
" It was as loud as I have ever heard it in the dome , " Brees added .
" It feels so good to know we have given our fans an NFC championship .
We have another championship to go after in two weeks . "
It was anything but easy for the Saints , in only their second conference championship game ; they lost at Chicago three years ago .
They had to withstand yet one more comeback by Favre , who returned to the NFL with the Vikings ( 13 - 5 ) after another brief retirement .
He was alternately spectacular and pedestrian Sunday , betrayed by his gambling style and , perhaps , an aging body .
Porter 's pick sent it into overtime , the third time an NFC title game has needed extra time and the second in three seasons .
Two years ago , Favre 's interception in OT set up a field goal that sent the Giants past the Packers and into the Super Bowl .
The Saints can only hope they have the same happy ending as New York did back then .
When the Flyers announced this morning that winger Taylor Leier had been returned to the AHL's Lehigh Valley Phantoms and Nick Cousins was recalled , it was obvious they were going to tinker with some things in Friday 's game - a 3:30 p.m. start - against the Nashville Predators .
60 Unique 404 Error Pages
Maybe it was a broken link , a misspelled URL or some page you wrote back in 1997 that just needed to go .
Whatever the reason , it ’s inevitable that visitors are going to land on your 404 Error page .
Having a unique well - designed 404 Error page can help to keep visitors engaged with your site when they land on a missing or non-existing page .
If you can effectively guide these visitors to navigation buttons or a search box and possibly even get a chuckle out of them , you just may win yourself a new loyal visitor .
Gdzil.la
Gdzilla ’s 404 page is pretty creative and functional .
The text above the “ Godzilla ” links back to the homepage .
The neat little Godzilla graphic keeps it interactive by following the mouse with his eyes and growling at you when you click him .
CSS Tricks
CSS - Tricks was smart in his 404 design by adding a neat little 3d graphic showing a torn page revealing some CSS code in the background .
He also point users in the right direction by suggesting the user look to the sidebar for some navigation or offering a contact link if they feel that the page should be there .
Merge
Merge ’s 404 includes a little audio as their graphic “ harks ” at you while also including functionality with a search option .
Version Industries
How about a video 404 page .
Version Industries has a pretty unique 404 displaying a video from the POV of a webcam of what appears to be their ( IT guy ? ) wearing a 404 shirt just staring at the computer working .
Refresh the page to change characters .
Zivity
The 404 of Zivity lets you know that the page is gone , tells the user that they still care for them , and then gives them some page navigation .
Urban Outfitters
You can always keep it simple like Urban Outfitters does with their 404 .
Fluther
Fluther puts a face to the missing 404 user adding a bit of humor .
CSS Leak
You could always offer a completely irrelevant option to your missing page as does CSS Leak .
In an attempt to find some non-existing CSS inspiration they offer up a couple of drink recipes .
Blizzard Entertainment
Blizzard lets you know that you broke their site when you type in non-existing links .
THCNET
How about an interactive DOS 404 page like THCNET has .
Try typing “ open the mailbox ” to start the adventure .
The Hype Machine
I like the creative use of a billboard sign that The Hype Machine uses on theirs .
Woodland Farmers Market
This one is pretty creative “ feel the 404ce ” – via Woodland Farmers Market
hi.im
Hi , I ’m uses a little Pulp Fiction humor to inform you of the missing page .
Soocial
The 404 by Soocial is pretty clever and also hard to look at .
It provides a funny fill - in - the - blank email form to let the team know how you ended up on the page and also throws up an image of a gun-toting , package - revealing , mustache - bearing guy sporting a very unique outfit .
Orangecoat
If you land on the wrong page over at Orangecoat , you can be certain that their flowchart can guide you in the right direction .
Note : Unless you have some amazing vision , you ’ll need to click on the image link to be able to read the text on this one .
Slonky
The guys at Slonky have a pretty funny error page .
It reminds me of the Michael Bolton character in Office Space , minus the lack of hair .
Daze Of Our Lives
A vintage take on a 404 error page via Daze Of Our Lives .
Dawdle
Dawdle got creative using a Mario Bros. screen - cap to inform visitors about a missing page .
Just Creative Design
Just Creative Design has a good one playing off of the phrase “ Oh , Snap ! ” .
Rush68
A classic 404 error page from Rush68 that touches on the subject of boredom .
Centerd
Centerd uses the “ I ’m sorry ” kitten face and a little humor in their 404 .
Astuteo
This is one of my favorites .
Astuteo really nailed it when it comes to originality .
RomList
Type in the wrong address at RomList and you will see the end of the internet .
Push the Shut Down … button to see whats next .
rbardini
Here ’s a good one over at rbardini.com .
WeFollow
WeFollow uses a quote from Back To The Future for their 404 .
Itchy Robot
The simple ones are my favorite , like Itchy Robot ’s 404 .
“ Oh , Crap ! ”
Your Web Job
You may find an unemployed page at Your Web Job .
This is another one that uses a search box as a way to keep the visitor on the site and away from the back button .
Digital Mash
The wrong URL could possibly break the internet according to the 404 of Digital Mash .
Project Euh
This is a good one .
Click on one of the flashing empty images to continue the random journey .
GOG
Your requested URL could be lost in space – via GOG .
Suspended Animations
Offering a sad face and some page links to get you back on track works for Suspended Animations 404 .
Blue Daniel
Blue Daniel has a very unique customized Flash 404 page .
Move the mouse around to interact .
Acro Media
Here ’s a good one from Acro Media .
South Park Studios
You know South Park is going to have a good one .
Take Lessons
Using a design that fits your website can show users your creativity .
Take Lessons , a music lessons site , was smart to incorporate an image and quote from “ The King ” himself .
Surfing On Static
Here is an interesting one from Surfing On Static .
24 - 7 Media
This one has been around for a while , but it ’s too creative not to include on the list .
– 24 - 7 Media
Twingly
Blame it on the ninja !
– Twingly
RareView
Short , simple and a little funny .
They have a nice homepage too .
– rareview
Auto Test
Here is another good example of incorporating your product with your 404 over at Auto Test .
Badmouth
A little Bono humor from Badmouth .
AntzFx
AntxFx uses some symbolism in their 404 .
CDHarrison
Make sure you read this one , its pretty funny .
– CDHarrison
PolitiFact
Here is one using a little political humor at PolitiFact .
NorthernTool
I ’d much rather have a mishap with a broken URL than a power tool .
– NorthernTool
TellTale Games
“ Maybe this page is a figment of your imagination .
Maybe you ’re a figment of your own imagination . ”
A funny 404 from TellTale Games .
taptaptap
Keep hitting the refresh button for several funny “ Fail ” images on taptaptap ’s 404 page .
Game Lib
I think it ’s great that when you hit the wrong address at Game Lib that at least you get a free pong game out of the error .
Vintage Sleds
Along with mystery meats , apparently mystery pages taste like chicken too .
– Vintage Sleds
SouthCreative
SouthCreative was being just that when they designed their 404 .
Aardman
“ It smells like dead badger ! ”
Here is an interesting one from Aardman .
Rezgo
You may have not found that missing URL , but at least you found Kenzie .
– Rezgo
Twitter
Twitter keeps it simple with a search box and some page links .
Comedy Central
Comedy Central offers up a funny comic and then redirects you to the homepage after a few seconds .
Snapple
Snapple keeps with the theme of their site , bright and vibrant , and suggests you use the above navigation .
MailChimp
MailChimp uses their chimp icon in the design of their 404 .
African Budget Safaris
Here is a funny one from African Budget Safaris .
The North Face
There is always the chance that a goat could have eaten the link .
– via The North Face
Frye / Wiles
They did a good job on this one .
Another one of my personal favorites .
– Frye / Wiles
Fab404
If you ’ve enjoyed this list , then take a look at Fab404 .
The whole site is dedicated to 404 error pages .
Suggested Posts
AUSTRALIA will have a white Christmas - we are now the world 's most profitable market for cocaine cartels .
A confidential Australian Federal Police report reveals a " generational shift " towards cocaine has pushed demand for the drug to unprecedented levels , with prices to match .
In the US a kilo of cocaine is worth about $ 35,000 , but here the street price is a staggering $ 190,000 a kilo .
With international drug networks targeting Australia , cocaine seizures have skyrocketed since 2003 , the internal AFP report says .
Top cops say demand is so strong year round that the traditional spike in shipments for the festive season is now not noticeable .
AFP Acting Deputy Commissioner Roman Quaedvlieg said : " There is a belief that the Christmas - New Year period is where there is a spike in importations ... a white Christmas if you like .
I do n't think it 's isolated to just that period , " he said .
" Cocaine as a target crime type is a perennial issue . "
The report 's authors say : " Across the board in all types of drugs , not just cocaine , the price paid per kilo in Australia is considerably higher than the price paid per kilogram anywhere else in the world .
" As long as the Australian user market is that lucrative , the organised transnational crime syndicates will target us because there are higher profit margins available to them . "
Between 2003 and 2006 / 7 , cocaine accounted for about 5 per cent of drugs seized in Australia .
By 2007/08 this had risen to 10 per cent .
In 2008 /09 it was 25 per cent .
The report was handed to AFP chiefs a week ago to help " evaluate the threat " ' and allocate resources accordingly .
At the same time , Colombian authorities smashed a major cartel targeting Australia .
Intelligence from that operation found Australia was being used to launder significant amounts of money to drug - distribution enterprises in Europe and elsewhere .
The AFP report says there 's a " generational shift " away from opiates such as heroin .
Amphetamine - based narcotics such as ice were still popular , it said , but the well - publicised risks had reduced the demand .
By comparison , cocaine is seen as a safe choice .
The AFP now runs a small armed operational team based in Bogota to help battle the Colombian cocaine trade .
Under a special arrangement sanctioned by the Colombian Government , six local police officers work under AFP orders to smash Aussie - bound shipments before they leave the country .
" They give us a fantastic operational capability in - country , directly under the control of our senior liaison officer there , " said Acting Deputy Commissioner Quaedvlieg , confirming the existence of the squad .
It has busted postal - smuggling drug networks and made arrests .
Originally published as Aussies cocaine kings
The Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office 's latest stab at reality TV is set to premier on February 25 , says the show 's network , TLC .
Police Women of Maricopa County is the followup to TLC 's first chick - cop reality show , Police Women of Broward County .
The show follows four MCSO lady - cops as they peruse the county and " kick some ass . "
It 's not just a few babe - cops being all bad - ass , of course , it 's a reality show , and as one of the women points out in the show 's trailer , " We get our nails done , put on makeup , do our hair , and still kick some ass . "
Check out the trailer here .
The soon - to - be celebrity members of Sheriff Arpaio 's goon squad include Detective Deborah Moyer -- the wily 19 - year veteran who is " never one to back away from a challenge , " Deputy Kelly Bocardo , described as a feisty , tough , " no- nonsense Latino , " who loves " hunting down criminals " as much as she loves her 2 - year - old daughter ; Deputy Lindsey Smith , who loves her two boys but wo n't hesitate " from chasing illegal immigrants in the desert ; " and the " organized and even - keeled Deputy Amie Duong .
We shot the Sheriff 's Office an e-mail to see it the MCSO was coughin ' up any county loot to produce the show -- as was suspected because of the MCSO 's first failed reality show , Smile You 're Under Arrest .
It has n't gotten back to us yet , and we are n't holding our breath .
In our previous post about the show , readers shared some of their interactions with the ladies and the camera crews .
Here is what one reader , William Robles , had to say :
This dam crew was and still is in guadalupe terrorizeing our community one of the stops they made last month , mcso pulled over a truck i happend to be in when the sheriff came to us , who was the lady who is going to be on TLC told my friend that he is getting 3 tickets 1 . for child restrants 2 . children in back of truck no restrants 3 . insurence exper .
when was done talking to him and my other friends in the front seat , she then asked me to give her my ID as i was recording her as the TLC recording me , I told her I know my con .
Rights and it says I dont have to give my ID But by law I have to give you My info .
she then got upset with me and said ( I 'm not here to talk about the con. rights ) she then walked away and started to check my friends info in her car .
The Cam. from TLC was all over me as I was doing the same to them .
as we got ready to leave I yelled out to TLC and said you are not welcome in Guadalupe Quit helping the sheriffs terrorizeing our community and our families .
so I am sure you will see that on tv .
I dont care and I do stand up for everyone 's rights so be it . [ sic ] .
Click here to see other accounts of the Police Women of Maricopa County and let us know if you or someone you know has run into the babe - cops and the TLC cameras .
By Grand 41 on January 19th , 2010 Download Printable
Shadow of the Colossus Box Cover Comments
Comment on Grand 's Shadow of the Colossus Box Art / Cover .
BELLINGHAM , WASH .
–For now , the Olympic Coordination Center some 30 minutes south of the B.C. border is a quiet , empty place .
A week from now , it will be jammed with dozens of American law - enforcement agencies prepared for the worst .
That could mean anything from a blizzard shutting down key highways into Canada to a terrorist attack that sends thousands of people streaming down the coast into the United States .
" If you contemplate what could happen ... that could have an impact on this side of the border and the other side , and consider what agencies need to be involved , you end up with a large number of people and agencies , " said Washington State Patrol Capt .
Greg Miller .
State Department agents assigned to the U.S. consulate office in Vancouver have the mandate to protect American visitors and athletes , including dignitaries such as Vice - President Joe Biden .
However , the law - enforcement types staffing the Olympic centre in Bellingham will stay put on their side of the border unless Ottawa formally asks the United States for assistance .
Two dozen TV screens are arrayed in every corner of the room where personnel from 42 agencies will be stationed 24/7 starting next week .
Along with Olympic telecasts , the screens will relay live shots of highways , the border , Olympic venues and even airspace .
" The best - case scenario is nothing 's going to happen and this would be just a great place to watch TV , " said Al Beard , the project manager for field operations at the $ 4.5 million facility .
" Whatever happens , we 've already accomplished something pretty cool .
We got all these agencies together in one spot . "
The centre will have hundreds of National Guard , plus officers and agents with the Bureau of Alcohol Drug and Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control , as well as the navy and the FBI , on standby for any disruption to the Games in Vancouver .
The RCMP will provide Canadian content , on hand to work with the American agencies in the event of an emergency .
Staff Sgt. Michel Côté with the RCMP 's integrated security unit , in charge of the Olympic security , said that having the cluster of U.S. special agents nearby is a bonus for Canadian security .
The price tag for Games security is budgeted at nearly $ 1 billion .
" We know our friends to the south in the U.S. are there as a potential resource , " said Côté .
" We are prepared for any eventuality . "
Not long after Vancouver was awarded the Games in 2003 , the state of Washington 's then - governor Gary Locke began preparing a plan for securing the other side of the border .
Businesses in Bellingham and Blaine , the seaside town just five minutes south of the Canadian border , are hoping travellers from the U.S. heading north for the Games will stop to visit .
Local hotel rooms –as well as bus and train packages – are being marketed to Olympic visitors reluctant to pay Vancouver prices .
It 's less than an hour from downtown Vancouver to Bellingham , population 67,000 , and the international border is viewed by shoppers and daily commuters as just another traffic stop .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
To handle the expected surge during the Olympics , lanes are being added at border crossings and U.S. Customs and Border Protection staffing has risen by 20 per cent over the last year and a half .
The elaborate Olympic Coordination Center in Bellingham will close soon after the Games , but the $ 200 million in upgrades at the main border crossings will be a permanent improvement for B.C. - Washington traffic flows .
Read more about :
Key Obama economic adviser Larry Summers coined a telling way to look at the current American economic state of play .
He said the U.S. is experiencing a “ statistical recovery and a human recession . ”
It is a phrase that should resonate through much of the industrial world , where high and long - standing unemployment is increasingly becoming a huge domestic political issue .
Speaking on a panel at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos , Summers said one in five American men aged 25 to 54 are unemployed .
He said given a “ reasonable recovery , ” that rate could improve to one in seven or one in eight .
That still contrasts with a 95 % employment rate for that group in the mid-1960s .
He said the U.S. can gain from increased global integration , but if it is to be politically sustainable it “ has to work for people . ”
That means job creation in the U.S. is a crucial issue .
How to date higher quality girls in abundance .
Get this handled with 1 on 1 customized for you coaching .
As always , it backfired .
Instead of building trust in government , the Democrats have magnified distrust .
The country already believed Washington is out of touch with its core concerns .
So while most families were concerned about jobs , Democrats in Washington spent nine months arguing about health care .
The country was already tired of self - serving back - room deals , so the Democrats negotiated a series of dirty deals with the pharmaceutical industry , the unions and certain senators .
Americans already felt Washington does n’t understand their fears and insecurities .
So at the moment when economic insecurity was at its peak , the Democrats in Washington added another layer of insecurity by threatening to change everything at once .
Instead of building a new majority , the Democrats have set off a distrust insurrection ( which is not the same as a conservative insurrection ) .
Republicans are enraged .
Independents are furious .
Democrats are disheartened .
Health care reform is brutally unpopular .
Even voters in Massachusetts decided it was time to send a message .
Image David Brooks
The Democrats now have four bad options .
The first is what you might call the Heedless and Arrogant Approach .
A clear majority of Americans are against the Congressional health care reform plan .
Democrats could say :
We know this is unpopular , but we think it is good policy and we are going to ram it through and you voters can judge us by the results .
The second route is what you might call the Weak and Feckless Approach .
Democrats could say :
We have received and respect the message voters are sending .
We are not going to shove the biggest social transformation in a generation down the throats of a country that has judged and rejected it .
We are not going to concentrate immense new powers in a Washington the country detests .
“ He was completely wrong in his assessment of what created the housing bubble , ” Schiff said .
“ He basically said that the low interest rates from the Federal Reserve had nothing to do with it .
He said it was the proliferation of adjustable rate mortgages or interest - only mortgages . ”
In his Sunday speech , Bernanke said : “ House prices began to rise in the late 1990s , and although the most rapid price increases occurred when short - term interest rates were at their lowest levels , the magnitude of house price gains seems too large to be readily explainable by the stance of monetary policy alone . "
Instead , he pointed to “ exotic types of mortgages and the associated decline of underwriting standards ” as reasons for the housing bubble .
“ That ’s completely wrong , ” said Schiff , a financial analyst .
“ The only reason that so many people took out adjustable rate mortgages was because they were so much less expensive than the fixed rate mortgages because of the Fed ’s low interest rates . ”
He continued , “ You ca n’t go out there and say that low interest rates had nothing to do with it and then blame it on the mortgage products that only existed because of the low interest rates .
How can he not see that ? ”
Schiff , who served as an economic adviser to Rep. Ron Paul 's ( R - Texas ) 2008 presidential campaign , is vying against former WWE CEO Linda McMahon ( R ) and former Rep. Rob Simmons ( R ) for the GOP nod to face Sen. Chris Dodd ( D ) .
“ What we need is less regulation , ” he said .
“ We do n’t want government interfering with market forces .
That 's why we had a housing bubble . ”
He cited the low interest rates maintained by the Fed and the mortgages guaranteed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as an example of government interference in the market .
“ The Fed kept short term interest rates low enough so that people could qualify for a mortgage based on the teaser [ interest ] rate and then the government guaranteed that mortgage even though they knew going in it would ultimately end in default , " he said .
“ Without the Fannie and Freddie guarantees and without the low interest rate there never would have been a housing bubble . "
Mohamed Helmi Hangul told AFP Mrs Chandler was " very anxious " A British couple kidnapped by Somali pirates three months ago have said they are in urgent need of help .
" We have not much time left and are being badly treated " , Rachel Chandler told a journalist from the French news agency AFP who met them in captivity .
She and husband Paul , of Tunbridge Wells , Kent , were captured while sailing towards Tanzania on 23 October .
Mr Chandler , 60 , said the couple could not meet the pirates ' ransom demands and begged the UK government to help .
The pirates have threatened to kill the couple if their demands for $ 7 m ( £ 4.4 m ) are not met , but the Foreign Office has said it does not pay ransoms or give substantial concessions to pirates .
' Please help us '
The latest news of the couple came after a surgeon was allowed to briefly examine the pair on Thursday , accompanied by an AFP photographer .
During the examination , AFP reported , Mrs Chandler said : " Please help us , these people are not treating us well . "
The surgeon , Mohamed Helmi Hangul , said she was in a poor state of mental and physical health .
I 'm old , I 'm 56 and my husband is 60 years old .
We need to be together because we have not much time left
Rachel Chandler
" She is sick , she is very anxious , she suffers from insomnia , " Mr Hangul told AFP .
" But I think she 's mainly mentally unwell , it seems .
She 's very confused , she 's always asking about her husband - ' Where 's my husband , where 's my husband ? ' - and she seems completely disorientated , " he added .
The couple have been separated by their captors and are being held apart from each other in rugged areas between the coastal village of Elhur and the small town of Amara , further inland , AFP said .
" I 'm old , I 'm 56 and my husband is 60 years old .
We need to be together because we have not much time left , " she said .
Mr Chandler appeared in better health than his wife but was also under extreme stress , AFP said .
Mr Chandler said : " I just want to say please , to my government , get me and my wife out of here .
" We have no money and we can't pay a ransom .
We just need the government to help , anyone who can help us out of here .
I gave them some advice and told them : ' Your hostages can die , all you want is money so treat them well , let them re-unite '
Mohamed Helmi Hangul
" This is 98 days of solitary confinement , no exercise .
I do n't know what to do .
" Will somebody please help ?
The government or somebody else . "
Mr Hangul said Mr Chandler " had a bad cough and seemed to have some fever " .
The surgeon , who had initially travelled to his hometown of Hobyo in early January to start building a hospital there , told AFP it took him three weeks to get permission from the pirates to visit the couple .
Mr Hangul said he had not been allowed to take drugs with him but left a prescription with the captors .
" I gave them some advice and told them : ' Your hostages can die , all you want is money so treat them well , let them re-unite . '
" They said that they agreed but I can not be sure what they 've done . "
In a statement , the Foreign Office said : " We are monitoring the situation very carefully and are doing everything we can to help secure a release .
" We remain in regular contact with the family and are providing support .
We call for the safe and swift release of Paul and Rachel . "
' Business , not ideology '
The BBC's East Africa correspondent , Peter Greste , said the pirates were " unlikely to back down without trying to extract some kind of cash from the family " .
However our correspondent added : " One thing that has to be said is that in all of our experience with these types of situations , the kidnappers have not harmed their captives - this is about business , not ideology . "
Mr and Mrs Chandler spoke to the doctor in the presence of the AFP photographer , the first journalist to see the hostages since their kidnapping .
The couple had been travelling to Tanzania from the Seychelles when they were captured .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Robert Pattinson , he of the sparkly vampire acting gigs and legions of fans , revealed some intriguing tidbits about his personal life during a reported pint - laden interview with Details magazine .
After a beer or two and plenty of chili - spiced bar snacks , Pattinson said that when it comes down to it , his biggest emotional attachment is to his dog .
" There might be something wrong with my emotional sight , " the 23 - year - old actor said .
" The only emotional connection of relevance is with my dog .
My relationship with my dog , it 's ridiculous . "
Which is more than he can say about his relationship with vaginas .
The racy photo shoot he did for Details positioned the heartthrob between the legs of a female model , and Pattinson said it made him a bit antsy .
" I really hate vaginas , " he said .
" I 'm allergic to vagina .
But I can't say I had no idea , because it was a 12 - hour shoot , so you kind of get the picture that these women are going to stay naked after , like , five or six hours .
But I was n't exactly prepared .
I had no idea what to say to these girls .
Thank God I was hungover . "
There was , however , a redeeming quality of the shoot for Pattinson .
" This shoot , it 's kind of eighties nakedness , you know ?
If you look at porn in , like , the eighties , there was something kind of quaint about it , quite sweet — like this little naked community , " Pattinson explained .
" The people who made it liked it , they had respect for it .
Not remotely like the porn that 's available now .
No community in it at all .
It 's just everything , everywhere . "
Pattinson is currently working on an adaptation of the Guy de Maupassant novel " Bel Ami , " and will make his next appearance on the silver screen in March in the drama " Remember Me . "
By Michael Fitzpatrick
Science reporter , BBC News
Frozen depositories are giving up methane to the sea Scientists have uncovered what appears to be a further dramatic increase in the leakage of methane gas that is seeping from the Arctic seabed .
Methane is about 20 times more potent than CO2 in trapping solar heat .
The findings come from measurements of carbon fluxes around the north of Russia , led by Igor Semiletov from the University of Alaska at Fairbanks .
" Methane release from the East Siberian Shelf is underway and it looks stronger than it was supposed [ to be ] , " he said .
Professor Semiletov has been studying methane seepage in the region for the last few decades , and leads the International Siberian Shelf Study ( ISSS ) , which has launched multiple expeditions to the Arctic Ocean .
The preliminary findings of ISSS 2009 are now being prepared for publication , he told BBC News .
Methane seepage recorded last summer was already the highest ever measured in the Arctic Ocean .
High seepage Acting as a giant frozen depository of carbon such as CO2 and methane ( often stored as compacted solid gas hydrates ) , Siberia 's shallow shelf areas are increasingly subjected to warming and are now giving up greater amounts of methane to the sea and to the atmosphere than recorded in the past .
METHANE HYDRATES
Methane gas is trapped inside a crystal structure of water - ice
The gas is released when the ice melts , normally at 0C
At higher pressure , ie under the ocean , hydrates are stable at higher temperatures
This undersea permafrost was until recently considered to be stable .
But now scientists think the release of such a powerful greenhouse gas may accelerate global warming .
Higher concentrations of atmospheric methane are contributing to global temperature rise ; this in turn is projected to cause further permafrost melting and the release of yet more methane in a feedback loop .
A worst - case scenario is one where the feedback passes a tipping point and billions of tonnes of methane are released suddenly , as has occurred at least once in the Earth 's past .
Such sudden releases have been linked to rapid increases in global temperatures and could have been a factor in the mass extinction of species .
According to a report by the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( Noaa ) , the springtime air temperature across the region in the period 2000 - 2007 was an average of 4C higher than during 1970 - 1999 .
That is the fastest temperature rise on the planet , claims the university .
The recent thaw over the last decade means that some of the large reserve of carbon from organic material such as dead animals and plants in sediments is now being released into the sea and into our atmosphere .
Trapped below that is the methane hydrate now warming and leaking through holes in the defrosting sediments .
1 . Methane hydrate is stable at high pressure and low temperature 2 .
Nearer the surface , where water pressure is lower , hydrates break down earlier than at greater depth as temperatures rise 3 .
Gas rises from the sea-bed in plumes of bubbles - some of it dissolves before it reaches the surface 4 .
The ISSS team says it has detected methane breaking the ocean surface
Previously it was thought much of this gas was absorbed into the sea .
But according to a recent report that Professor Semiletov and his team compiled for the environmental group WWF , the shallow depth of arctic shelves means that methane is reaching the atmosphere without reacting to become CO2 dissolved in the ocean .
Professor Semiletov 's fellow researcher aboard the Russian icebreaker that carries the ISSS team each year is Professor Orjan Gustafsson from Stockholm University in Sweden .
He said that methane measured in the atmosphere around the region is 100 times higher than normal background levels , and in some cases 1,000 times higher .
' No alarm '
Despite the high readings , Professor Gustafsson said that so far there was no cause for alarm , and stressed that further studies were still necessary to determine the exact cause of the methane seepage .
" It is important now to understand how fast it is being released and how much is being released , " he said .
However , there is a real fear that global warming may cause Siberia 's subsea permafrost to thaw .
Some estimates put the amount of carbon trapped in shelf permafrost at 1,600 billion tonnes - roughly twice as much carbon as in the atmosphere now .
The release of this once captive carbon from destabilised ocean sediments and permafrost would have catastrophic effect on our climate and life on Earth , warn the scientists .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ Will I have enough for retirement ? ” is a very difficult question to answer .
Last week I left on a low note by introducing you to the 7 retirement factors you cannot control .
I guess it was probably a little discouraging .
However , I am not advocating you simply throw up your hands and ignore retirement planning .
I am suggesting that the process should be simplified and your time commitment to all the details minimal .
Hence , the subtitle of this article is once again how not to waste time planning for retirement .
Since there are so many variables , what we need to learn to do is acknowledge those variables and develop an investment plan that accounts for those variables .
How to Plan for Retirement in the Midst of Unknown Variables
* Special Note :
These tips are specifically for those in their 20s – 30s .
The closer you are to retirement , the more refined your retirement plan can and should be .
1 . Vow not to use another retirement calculator for 10 – 15 years .
If you have never used such a calculator , go ahead and run some numbers just to get a ballpark idea of your future nest egg .
However , these exercises are extremely time consuming and often produce little tangible results .
Typically when some runs a calculator , they realize they need to put in “ x ” dollars a month and then shrug and say , “ With my budget I ca n’t afford to put that much money into retirement . ”
At the end of the day they have changed nothing after sacrificing an evening to running the numbers .
2. Identify and focus on the variables you control .
You can control what you contribute , what investment vehicle you use ( like a Roth IRA ) , the fees you pay to a brokerage , and your asset allocation .
You cannot control the fate of government programs and you cannot control the direction of the stock market .
3. Determine a percentage of your income to contribute to retirement .
Most financial advisors will suggest a number between 10 % and 15 % .
Obviously , the higher the number is , the more likely you will be able to reach your goals .
Perhaps you are doing less .
Simply make an effort to increase that amount by at least 1 % each year till you reach your desired threshold .
4. Automate your investments .
Once you have set your contribution dollar amount based on your percentage , automate your investments .
As a result , you will be most likely to continue your investing habit .
5. Review annually .
Each year review your current finacial plan .
Every year you will likely know one more piece of the grand retirement puzzle .
That knowledge may cause you to tweak your retirement planning .
You may change your asset allocation .
You may increase or decrease the percentage you invest .
Do n’t strive for perfection in the review , just give due attention to the process and then move on to something else .
Hopefully you have a little more confidence to put down the pen and calculator and get out and find a better use of your time then fretting over the question , “ Will I have enough for retirement ? ” .
How do you simplify your retirement planning ?
How do you deal with the variables of retirement ?
The 21 - year - old , from Welwyn Garden City , Hertfordshire , has spent 13 years building up the collection which she said has swelled to more than 13,400 since it was counted by Guinness record - checkers last year and fills most of the house she shares with mother Sharon .
People caught driving while intoxicated in Montgomery County are being busted in more ways than one .
The county district attorney 's office is now calling them out in the status - sphere by posting their names on its Twitter page for everyone to see .
The first tweets listing people charged with DWI popped up during the Christmas holiday when police beefed up patrols .
They 're part of an effort by District Attorney Brett Ligon to crack down on DWIs in a growing county with a reputation for dangerous roads , said Assistant District Attorney Warren Diepraam , who manages the prosecutor 's Twitter page and came up with the idea .
“ Ligon has recognized that DWI is our most frequently committed crime in Montgomery County , ” Diepraam said .
“ The message he 's sending is : ‘ If you 're going to commit an offense of DWI in Montgomery County , we 're coming after you . '
We 're hoping it has a deterrent effect on individuals . ”
So far , 23 people have been listed on the Twitter page .
While more and more government and law enforcement agencies are turning to social networking sites to keep the public informed , the Montgomery County prosecutor 's office appears to be one of the first in the nation to list alleged offenders ' names on a site .
With more than 600 followers on Twitter , the move is stirring up controversy , especially among some defense attorneys and many of those arrested .
They contend what the district attorney is doing is unfair and borderline unconstitutional .
Due process violation ?
“ It 's not breaking the law , but it 's bad form , ” said Houston DWI attorney Tyler Flood .
“ A person is presumed innocent .
This shows a lack of respect for the presumption of innocence . ”
Houston civil rights attorney Randall Kallinen said it's a due process violation because offenders ' reputations are tainted before they get a chance to clear their name .
“ Many of those people will never be convicted , so they 're being punished without being convicted , ” said Kallinen , who is ready to explore legal challenges against the district attorney .
‘ That 's a little extreme '
Cleveland resident Racheal Alvarado , arrested on suspicion of DWI on Dec. 19 , said she had no idea that her name was on Twitter until she was informed this week .
“ Honestly , that kind of bothers me , ” said Alvarado , 25 .
“ A DWI is an embarrassing thing .
It 's not something I 'm proud of .
Some people in my family do n't know about it .
“ I think that 's a little extreme .
I do n't need them to be my parent , and I do n't need my name all over Twitter . ”
Linda Owens , 45 , of Montgomery , said she thinks it should be against the law .
“ I have n't been proven guilty , ” said Owens , who was arrested Dec. 20 .
“ What happened to our rights ? ”
Owens said she was not intoxicated and believes she was wrongly arrested so that police could meet arrest quotas .
“ I 'm going to fight like hell so I 'm not convicted , ” she said .
Jimmy Neill , whose wife , Kimberly , was arrested Dec. 20 , said the couple has hired an attorney .
He said it 's unfair “ to cherry - pick one weekend and one crime . ”
If the prosecutor is going to list names and charges , he should do it for every crime , not just DWI , he said .
On the public record
Diepraam said he does n't see any problems with using Twitter to identify people arrested on a DWI charge .
The information is public record and can be obtained by anyone through courthouse records , law enforcement agency Web sites and newspapers , he said .
“ We 're taking the open government thing a little further , ” he said .
“ I 've heard from agencies across Texas that think what we 're doing is setting the standard . ”
The office plans to continue to list suspected offenders ' names on Twitter during stepped - up DWI enforcement on major holiday weeks .
Robert Kepple , executive director of the Texas Association of District and County Attorneys , said he has not heard of any other prosecutor 's office listing DWI offenders ' names on social networking sites , but as more begin to use them , that might change .
“ I do n't think it 's any secret about the problem Texas has with DWI , ” Kepple said .
“ When trying to inform the public about the problem , agencies should use any means at their disposal to get the word out . ”
About 20 years ago , when the country began taking DWI seriously , one of the tools was to identify people allegedly driving drunk as a means of community accountability , said Scott Burns , executive director of the National District Attorneys Association .
So what Montgomery County is doing is not so unusual — it 's just using a new medium , he said .
“ It 's not a magic bullet , but it might make people think before they get behind the wheel of a car , ” Diepraam said .
renee.lee@chron.com
3. Jahrestagung Systemübergreifendes Datenmanagement und Datenqualität in Geoinformationssystemen
Das Geodatenmanagement nimmt stetig an Bedeutung zu , da die Geodaten einfach , schnell und aktuell verfügbar sein müssen .
Überall dort , wo die geografische Lage von Objekten von Interesse ist , werden Geodaten gespeichert , analysiert und visualisiert .
Die G
Ziel der Jahrestagung „ Systemübergreifendes Datenmanagement und Datenqualität in ...
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti 
The 10 Americans detained on kidnapping charges are pleading for the United States government to do more on their behalf and for the news media to focus on them less .
“ Help us , ” one of the detainees , Carla Thompson , said Monday as she lay on a bed in a scorching Port - au - Prince jail cell of about 8 feet by 5 feet , her ankles bandaged from infected mosquito bites .
“ That ’s the message I would give to Mr. Obama and the State Department .
Start helping us . ”
Sitting on a dirty concrete floor in the cell , another detainee , Corinna Lankford , nodded in agreement , a frustrated look on her face .
“ I have faith in God , ” Ms. Lankford said .
“ But maybe the U.S. government could help a little more , too . ”
“ No one is giving us any kind of information about what is going on , ” she added .
The detainees , most of them affiliated with Baptist churches in Meridian and Twin Falls , Idaho , arrived in the chaotic days after the Jan. 12 earthquake .
They were detained as they tried to take 33 Haitian children whom the Baptists said had been orphaned into the neighboring Dominican Republic .
The portion of our brains that is responsible for registering fear and even panic has a built - in chemical sensor that is triggered by a primordial terror -- suffocation .
A report in the November 25th issue of the journal Cell , a Cell Press publication , shows in studies of mice that the rise in acid levels in the brain upon breathing carbon dioxide triggers acid-sensing channels that evoke fear behavior .
In addition to the insight into the normal fear response , the discovery may help to explain and perhaps even correct what goes wrong in those who suffer from panic attacks , the researchers say .
( It 's been known for almost a century that carbon dioxide inhalation can trigger panic attacks , and that patients with panic disorder are particularly susceptible . )
" The amygdala has been thought of as part of the fear circuitry of the brain , " said John Wemmie of the University of Iowa , Iowa City .
" Now we see it is n't just part of a circuit , it is also a sensor . "
" It 's interesting that evolution positioned an acid sensor right in this central circuit , " added Michael Welsh , also of the University of Iowa .
" Detecting an elevated carbon dioxide is critical for survival .
When you are suffocating , this circuit triggers mechanisms for escape or relief of the problem . "
The circuit in question resides in the amygdala , a structure that stimulates the sympathetic nervous system for fight - or - flight and links to other brain regions involved in the response to threat .
The amygdala is known from earlier studies to play a role in both innate and learned fears .
In previous studies , Wemmie 's and Welsh 's team discovered that the acid- sensing ion channel - 1a ( ASIC1a ) is particularly abundant in the amygdala and other fear circuit structures , where it is required for normal responses in tests of fear behavior .
As the name suggests , ASICs are sensitive to pH and become activated when pH levels fall .
advertisement
The contribution of both the amygdala and ASIC1a to fear behavior led them to suspect that a reduced pH might induce fear behavior by activating the channels , thereby allowing the amygdala to function as a chemosensor deep within the fear circuit .
And that 's exactly what they 've now been able to show .
They found that inhaled carbon dioxide reduced brain pH and evoked fear behavior in mice .
Mice breathing 5 % carbon dioxide tended to avoid open spaces more than usual and , in standard tests of fear learning conducted in the presence of 10 % carbon dioxide , the mice displayed exaggerated freezing behaviors .
Animals lacking those acid-sensing ion channels showed less fear , a condition that was reversed when the channels were reinstated specifically in their amygdala .
Treatments that prevented the pH change reduced fear behavior , while acidic microinjections into the amygdala did just the opposite .
The new findings show that the amygdala not only senses the threat posed by carbon dioxide , but it also initiates a response .
There is surely good reason for such an integrated alarm system .
Carbon dioxide inhalation can be deadly at high doses .
The study suggests that evolution may have provided humans with a vital ability to detect and respond rapidly to carbon dioxide by placing within the same brain region the ability to detect the threat posed by carbon dioxide and the ability to initiate a " fight or flight " response .
advertisement
" Because oxygen - breathing organisms are under a constant threat of asphyxiation , it could be argued that the threat of suffocation has had a primary influence on shaping the brain 's defensive systems , " wrote Stephen Marin of the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor in an accompanying commentary .
" The present discovery that chemosensors in the amygdala are involved in generating fear responses to a variety of aversive stimuli suggests that a system that evolved to generate behavior to defend against suffocation was subsequently adapted to deal with both innate and learned threats in the external environment .
In some regards , this is not surprising .
In the grasp of a predator , suffocation is the ultimate fear -- it signals imminent death . "
In addition to revealing the amygdala as an important chemosensor , the new results also give a molecular explanation for how rising carbon dioxide concentrations elicit intense fear and provide a foundation for dissecting the bases of anxiety and panic disorders , the researchers say .
A single breath of carbon dioxide can trigger panic attacks in patients with panic disorder , they explained , and dysregulated brain pH has also been implicated in the condition .
In addition , patients suffering from respiratory failure are also known to become extremely anxious .
" It has been proposed that panic and anxiety disorders involve a suffocation alarm gone haywire , " Welsh said .
" Now , this work may shed some light on this well - known phenomenon and suggests strategies for further exploration . "
The findings raise the possibility that some people may be more prone to anxiety disorders , including post - traumatic stress disorder , due to genetic variants they carry in components of this ASIC pathway .
They also suggest that new therapeutic strategies for panic and anxiety might target changes in brain pH or the acid- sensing channels .
The researchers include Adam E. Ziemann , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Jason E. Allen , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Nader S. Dahdaleh , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Iuliia I. Drebot , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Matthew W. Coryell , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Amanda M. Wunsch , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Cynthia M. Lynch , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Frank M. Faraci , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Matthew A. Howard III , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Michael J. Welsh , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa , Howard Hughes Medical Institute , and John A. Wemmie , University of Iowa , Iowa City , Iowa ; Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center , Iowa City , IA .
About Katawa Shoujo
Katawa Shoujo is a bishoujo - style visual novel set in the fictional Yamaku High School for disabled children , located somewhere in modern Japan .
Hisao Nakai , a normal boy living a normal life , has his life turned upside down when a congenital heart defect forces him to move to a new school after a long hospitalization .
Despite his difficulties , Hisao is able to find friends — and perhaps love , if he plays his cards right .
There are five main paths corresponding to the 5 main female characters , each path following the storyline pertaining to that character .
The story is told through the perspective of the main character , using a first person narrative .
The game uses a traditional text and sprite - based visual novel model with an ADV text box .
Katawa Shoujo contains adult material , and was created using the Ren' Py scripting system .
It is the product of an international team of amateur developers , and is available free of charge under the Creative Commons BY - NC - ND License
Tomgram : State of Surge , Afghanistan
[ Note for TomDispatch Readers :
This small website has , I think , had some of the better analysis and reporting on the Afghan War this year .
It ’s had Anand Gopal ’s on - the - ground pieces on the Taliban , Ann Jones ’s first - hand account of the farcical U.S. training program for the Afghan army and police , Pratap Chatterjee ’s carefully reported tale of corruption at the highest levels , and Nick Turse ’s report on just how the Pentagon has been digging in throughout that country , among other pieces .
As early as May , I was already writing about the various often little - noticed ways in which the Af / Pak War was escalating .
I return to that theme today .
It ’s important for us all to take in as full a picture as possible of the true dimensions of the Afghan “ surge . ”
This is also my chance to collectively thank those of you who have been kind enough to contribute to the site .
( I only wish I had the time to thank you individually ! )
Believe me , your contributions help keep us going .
You let us pay writers a little more , give us the opportunity to build a better , more attractive site , and aid me in getting some extra help in my own 24/7 life at TomDispatch .
It ’s appreciated .
As we head into the holiday season , which is also the giving season for many , do n’t forget TomDispatch .
( Contributions are even tax deductible . )
Just click on the “ support us ” icon to the right of the main TD screen and check out our donation page .
It matters -- and I hope we matter , too .
Tom ]
The Nine Surges of Obama ’s War
How to Escalate in Afghanistan
By Tom Engelhardt
In his Afghan “ surge ” speech at West Point last week , President Obama offered Americans some specifics to back up his new “ way forward in Afghanistan . ”
He spoke of the “ additional 30,000 U.S. troops ” he was sending into that country over the next six months .
He brought up the “ roughly $ 30 billion ” it would cost us to get them there and support them for a year .
And finally , he spoke of beginning to bring them home by July 2011 .
Those were striking enough numbers , even if larger and , in terms of time , longer than many in the Democratic Party would have cared for .
Nonetheless , they do n’t faintly cover just how fully the president has committed us to an expanding war and just how wide it is likely to become .
Despite the seeming specificity of the speech , it gave little sense of just how big and how expensive this surge will be .
In fact , what is being portrayed in the media as the surge of November 2009 is but a modest part of an ongoing expansion of the U.S. war effort in many areas .
Looked at another way , the media 's focus on the president ’s speech as the crucial moment of decision , and on those 30,000 new troops as the crucial piece of information , has distorted what ’s actually underway .
In reality , the U.S. military , along with its civilian and intelligence counterparts , has been in an almost constant state of surge since the last days of the Bush administration .
Unfortunately , while information on this is available , and often well reported , it ’s scattered in innumerable news stories on specific aspects of the war .
You have to be a media jockey to catch it all , no less put it together .
What follows , then , is my own attempt to make sense of the nine fronts on which the U.S. has been surging , and continues to do so , as 2009 ends .
Think of this as an effort to widen our view of Obama ’s widening war .
Obama ’s Nine Surges
1. The Troop Surge : Let ’s start with those “ 30,000 ” new troops the president announced .
First of all , they represent Obama ’s surge , phase 2 .
As the president pointed out in his speech , there were “ just over 32,000 Americans serving in Afghanistan ” when he took office in January 2009 .
In March , Obama announced that he was ordering in 21,000 additional troops .
Last week , when he spoke , there were already approximately 68,000 to 70,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
If you add the 32,000 already there in January and the 21,700 actually dispatched after the March announcement , however , you only get 53,700 , leaving another 15,000 or so to be accounted for .
According to Karen DeYoung of the Washington Post , 11,000 of those were “ authorized in the waning days of the Bush administration and deployed this year , ” bringing the figure to between 64,000 and 65,000 .
In other words , the earliest stage of the present Afghan “ surge ” was already underway when Obama arrived .
It also looks like at least a few thousand more troops managed to slip through the door in recent months without notice or comment .
Similarly , with the 30,000 figure announced a week ago , DeYoung reports that the president quietly granted Secretary of Defense Robert Gates the right to “ increase the number by 10 percent , or 3,000 troops , without additional White House approval or announcement . ”
That already potentially brings the most recent surge numbers to 33,000 , and an unnamed “ senior military official ” told De Young “ that the final number could go as high as 35,000 to allow for additional support personnel such as engineers , medevac units and route - clearance teams , which comb roads for bombs . ”
Now , add in the 7,500 troops and trainers that administration officials reportedly strong - armed various European countries into offering .
More than 1,500 of these are already in Afghanistan and simply not being withdrawn as previously announced .
The cost of sending some of the others , like the 900 - plus troops Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili has promised , will undoubtedly be absorbed by Washington .
Nonetheless , add most of them in and , miraculously , you ’ve surged up to , or beyond , Afghan War commander General Stanley McChrystal ’s basic request for at least 40,000 troops to pursue a counterinsurgency war in that country .
2. The Contractor Surge : Given our heavily corporatized and privatized military , it makes no sense simply to talk about troop numbers in Afghanistan as if they were increasing in a void .
You also need to know about the private contractors who have taken over so many former military duties , from KP and driving supply convoys to providing security on large bases .
There ’s no way of even knowing who is responsible for the surge of ( largely Pentagon - funded ) private contractors in Afghanistan .
Did their numbers play any part in the president ’s three months of deliberations ?
Does he have any control over how many contractors are put on the U.S. government payroll there ?
We do n’t know .
Private contractors certainly went unmentioned in his speech and , amid the flurry of headlines about troops going to Afghanistan , they remain almost unmentioned in the mainstream media .
In major pieces on the president ’s tortuous “ deliberations ” with his key military and civilian advisors at the New York Times , the Washington Post , and the Los Angeles Times , all produced from copious officially inspired leaks , there was n't a single mention of private contractors , and yet their numbers have been surging for months .
A modest - sized article by August Cole in the Wall Street Journal the day after the president ’s speech gave us the basics , but you had to be looking .
Headlined “ U.S. Adding Contractors at Fast Pace , ” the piece barely peeked above the fold on page 7 of the paper .
According to Cole : “ The Defense Department 's latest census shows that the number of contractors increased about 40 % between the end of June and the end of September , for a total of 104,101 .
That compares with 113,731 in Iraq , down 5 % in the same period ...
Most of the contractors in Afghanistan are locals , accounting for 78,430 of the total ... ”
In other words , there are already more private contractors on the payroll in Afghanistan than there will be U.S. troops when the latest surge is complete .
Though many of these contractors are local Afghans hired by outfits like DynCorp International and Fluor Corp. , TPM Muckracker managed to get a further breakdown of these figures from the Pentagon and found that there were 16,400 “ third country nationals ” among the contractors , and 9,300 Americans .
This is a formidable crew , and its numbers are evidently still surging , as are the Pentagon contracts doled out to private outfits that go with them .
Cole , for instance , writes of the contract that Dyncorp and Fluor share to support U.S. forces in Afghanistan “ which could be worth as much as $ 7.5 billion to each company in the coming years . ”
3. The Militia Surge : U.S. Special Forces are now carrying out pilot programs for a mini-surge in support of local Afghan militias that are , at least theoretically , anti-Taliban .
The idea is evidently to create a movement along the lines of Iraq 's Sunni Awakening Movement that , many believe , ensured the " success " of George W. Bush 's 2007 surge in that country .
For now , as far as we know , U.S. support takes the form of offers of ammunition , food , and possibly some Kalashnikov rifles , but in the future we 'll be ponying up more arms and , undoubtedly , significant amounts of money .
This is , after all , to be a national program , the Community Defense initiative , which , according to Jim Michaels of USA Today , will “ funnel millions of dollars in foreign aid to villages that organize ‘ neighborhood watch ’- like programs to help with security . ”
Think of this as a “ bribe ” surge .
Such programs are bound to turn out to be essentially money - based and designed to buy “ friendship . ”
4. The Civilian Surge : Yes , Virginia , there is a “ civilian surge ” underway in Afghanistan , involving increases in the number of “ diplomats and experts in agriculture , education , health and rule of law sent to Kabul and to provincial reconstruction teams across the country . ”
The State Department now claims to be “ on track ” to triple the U.S. civilian component in Afghanistan from 320 officials in January 2009 to 974 by “ the early weeks of next year . ”
( Of course , that , in turn , means another mini-surge in private contractors : more security guards to protect civilian employees of the U.S. government . )
A similar civilian surge is evidently underway in neighboring Pakistan , just the thing to go with a surge of civilian aid and a plan for a humongous new , nearly billion - dollar embassy compound to be built in Islamabad .
5 . The CIA and Special Forces Surge : And speaking of Pakistan , Noah Shachtman of Wired ’s Danger Room blog had it right recently when , considering the CIA ’s “ covert ” ( but openly discussed ) drone war in the Pakistani tribal borderlands , he wrote : “ The most important escalation of the war might be the one the President did n’t mention at West Point . ”
In fact , the CIA ’s drone attacks there have been escalating in numbers since the Obama administration came into office .
Now , it seems , paralleling the civilian surge in the Af / Pak theater of operations , there is to be a CIA one as well .
While little information on this is available , David E. Sanger and Eric Schmitt of the New York Times report that in recent months the CIA has delivered a plan to the White House “ for widening the campaign of strikes against militants by drone aircraft in Pakistan , sending additional spies there and securing a White House commitment to bulk up the C.I.A. ’s budget for operations inside the country . ”
In addition , Scott Shane of the Times reports :
“ The White House has authorized an expansion of the C.I.A. ’s drone program in Pakistan ’s lawless tribal areas , officials said ... , to parallel the president ’s decision … to send 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan .
American officials are talking with Pakistan about the possibility of striking in Baluchistan for the first time -- a controversial move since it is outside the tribal areas -- because that is where Afghan Taliban leaders are believed to hide . ”
The Pakistani southern border province of Baluchistan is a hornet ’s nest with its own sets of separatists and religious extremists , as well as a ( possibly U.S. - funded ) rebel movement aimed at the Baluchi minority areas of Iran .
The Pakistani government is powerfully opposed to drone strikes in the area of the heavily populated provincial capital of Quetta where , Washington insists , the Afghan Taliban leadership largely resides .
If such strikes do begin , they could prove the most destabilizing aspect of the widening of the war that the present surge represents .
In addition , thanks to the Nation magazine ’s Jeremy Scahill , we now know that , from a secret base in Karachi , Pakistan , the U.S. Army ’s Joint Special Operations Command , in conjunction with the private security contractor Xe ( formerly Blackwater ) , operates “ a secret program in which they plan targeted assassinations of suspected Taliban and Al Qaeda operatives , ‘ snatch and grabs ’ of high - value targets and other sensitive action inside and outside Pakistan . ”
Since so many U.S. activities in Pakistan involve secretive , undoubtedly black - budget operations , we may only have the faintest outlines of what the “ surge ” there means .
6 . The Base - Building Surge : Like the surge in contractors and in drone attacks , the surge in base - building in Afghanistan significantly preceded Obama 's latest troop - surge announcement .
A recent NBC Nightly News report on the ever - expanding U.S. base at Kandahar Airfield , which it aptly termed a “ boom town , ” shows just how ongoing this part of the overall surge is , and at what a staggering level .
As in Iraq from 2003 on , billions of dollars are being sunk into bases , the largest of which -- especially the old Soviet site , Bagram Air Base , with more than $ 200 million in construction projects and upgrades underway at the moment -- are beginning to look like ever more permanent fixtures on the landscape .
In addition , as Nick Turse of TomDispatch.com has reported , forward observation bases and smaller combat outposts have been sprouting all over southern Afghanistan .
“ Forget for a moment the ‘ debates ’ in Washington over Afghan War policy , ” he wrote in early November , “ and , if you just focus on the construction activity and the flow of money into Afghanistan , what you see is a war that , from the point of view of the Pentagon , is n't going to end any time soon .
In fact , the U.S. military 's building boom in that country suggests that , in the ninth year of the Afghan War , the Pentagon has plans for a far longer - term , if not near - permanent , garrisoning of the country , no matter what course Washington may decide upon . ”
7. The Training Surge :
In some ways , the greatest prospective surge may prove to be in the training of the Afghan national army and police .
Despite years of American and NATO “ mentoring , ” both are in notoriously poor shape .
The Afghan army is riddled with desertions -- 25 % of those trained in the last year are now gone -- and the Afghan police are reportedly a hapless , ill - paid , corrupt , drug - addicted lot .
Nonetheless , Washington ( with the help of NATO reinforcements ) is planning to bring an army whose numbers officially stand at approximately 94,000 ( but may actually be as low as 40 - odd thousand ) to 134,000 reasonably well - trained troops by next fall and 240,000 a year later .
Similarly , the Obama administration hopes to take the police numbers from an official 93,000 to 160,000 .
8. The Cost Surge :
This is a difficult subject to pin down in part because the Pentagon is , in cost - accounting terms , one of the least transparent organizations around .
What can be said for certain is that Obama ’s $ 30 billion figure wo n’t faintly hold when it comes to the real surge .
There is no way that figure will cover anything like all the troops , bases , contractors , and the rest .
Just take the plan to train an Afghan security force of approximately 400,000 in the coming years .
We ’ve already spent more than $ 15 billion on the training of the Afghan Army and more than $ 10 billion has gone into police training -- staggering figures for a far smaller combined force with poor results .
Imagine , then , what a massive bulking up of the country 's security forces will actually cost .
In congressional testimony , Centcom commander General David Petraeus suggested a possible price tag of $ 10 billion a year .
And if such a program works ( which seems unlikely ) , try to imagine how one of the poorest countries on the planet will support a 400,000 - man force .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has just suggested that it will take at least 15 - 20 years before the country can actually pay for such a force itself .
In translation , what we have here is undoubtedly a version of Colin Powell ’s Pottery Barn rule ( “ You break it , you own it ” ) ; in this case , you build it , you own it .
If we create such security forces , they will be , financially speaking , ours into the foreseeable future .
( And this is even without adding in those local militias we ’re planning to invest “ millions ” in . )
9 . The Anti-Withdrawal Surge :
Think of this as a surge in time .
By all accounts , the president tried to put some kind of limit on his most recent Afghan surge , not wanting “ an open - ended commitment . ”
With that in mind , he evidently insisted on a plan , emphasized in his speech , in which some of the surge troops would start to come home in July 2011 , about 18 months from now .
This was presented in the media as a case of giving something to everyone ( the Republican opposition , his field commanders , and his own antiwar Democratic Party base ) .
In fact , he gave his commanders and the Republican opposition a very real surge in numbers .
In this regard , a Washington Post headline says it all : “ McChrystal ’s Afghanistan Plan Stays Mainly Intact . ”
On the other hand , what he gave his base was only the vaguest of promises ( “ … and allow us to begin the transfer of our forces out of Afghanistan in July of 2011 ” ) .
Moreover , within hours of the speech , even that commitment was being watered down by the first top officials to speak on the subject .
Soon enough , as the right - wing began to blaze away on the mistake of announcing a withdrawal date “ to the enemy , ” there was little short of a stampede of high officials eager to make that promise ever less meaningful .
In what Mark Mazzetti of the Times called a “ flurry of coordinated television interviews , ” the top civilian and military officials of the administration marched onto the Sunday morning talk shows “ in lockstep ” to reassure the right ( and they were reassured ) by playing “ down the significance of the July 2011 target date . ”
The United States was , Secretary of Defense Gates and others indicated , going to be in the region in strength for years to come .
( “ ... July 2011 was just the beginning , not the end , of a lengthy process .
That date , [ National Security Advisor ] General [ James ]
Jones said , is a ‘ ramp ’ rather than a ‘ cliff . ’ ” )
How Wide the Widening War ?
When it came to the spreading Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan , the president in his speech spoke of his surge goal this way : “ We must reverse the Taliban 's momentum and deny it the ability to overthrow the government . ”
This seems a modest enough target , even if the means of reaching it are proving immodest indeed .
After all , we ’re talking about a minority Pashtun insurgency -- Pashtuns make up only about 42 % of Afghanistan ’s population -- and the insurgents are a relatively lightly armed , rag - tag force .
Against them and a minuscule number of al - Qaeda operatives , the Pentagon has launched a remarkable , unbelievably costly build - up of forces over vast distances , along fragile , extended supply lines , and in a country poorer than almost any other on the planet .
The State Department has , to the best of its abilities , followed suit , as has the CIA across the border in Pakistan .
All of this has been underway for close to a year , with at least another six months to go .
This is the reality that the president and his top officials did n’t bother to explain to the American people in that speech last week , or on those Sunday talk shows , or in congressional testimony , and yet it ’s a reality we should grasp as we consider our future and the Afghan War we , after all , are paying for .
And yet , confoundingly , as the U.S. has bulked up in Afghanistan , the war has only grown fiercer both within the country and in parts of Pakistan .
Sometimes bulking - up can mean not reversing but increasing the other side ’s momentum .
We face what looks to be a widening war in the region .
Already , the Obama administration has been issuing ever stronger warnings to the Pakistani government and military to shape up in the fight against the Taliban , otherwise threatening not only drone strikes in Baluchistan , but cross - border raids by Special Operations types , and even possibly “ hot pursuit ” by U.S. forces into Pakistan .
This is a dangerous game indeed .
As Andrew Bacevich , author of The Limits of Power , wrote recently , “ Sending U.S. troops to fight interminable wars in distant countries does more to inflame than to extinguish the resentments giving rise to violent anti-Western jihadism . ”
Whatever the Obama administration does in Afghanistan and Pakistan , however , the American ability to mount a sustained operation of this size in one of the most difficult places on the planet , when it ca n’t even mount a reasonable jobs program at home , remains a strange wonder of the world .
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The End of Victory Culture , a history of the Cold War and beyond , as well as of a novel , The Last Days of Publishing .
He also edited The World According to TomDispatch : America in the New Age of Empire ( Verso , 2008 ) , an alternative history of the mad Bush years .
Copyright 2009 Tom Engelhardt
" Nabokov with a circus save !
It is one of the greatest saves you 'll ever see ! ! "
Those were the words of San Jose Sharks play by play man Randy Hahn as he called a brilliant glove save by Nabokov a few seasons back in overtime of a game against the Nashville Predators .
The No. 1 net - minder for the Sharks has been the back bone of this team for the overwhelming majority of the past decade .
While both Miikka Kiprusoff and Vesa Toskala took playing time away from Nabokov during a couple different seasons , Nabokov was thought highly enough to be retained as the starter .
And it is safe to say that , love him or hate him , Nabokov is the key to playoff success once again in 2010 .
As the entire hockey world knows , goaltender is the most important position in the sport , almost as important as quarterback is in the NFL .
Having a goalie at the top of his game is extremely beneficial come playoffs because a team can ride a hot goaltender all the way to a Stanley Cup .
San Jose did nearly just that back in 2003 - '04 when Nabokov had what is still to this day his career year in net .
Nabokov finished the regular season with a .921 save percentage and nine shutouts , both career highs .
Unlike recent seasons for both Nabokov and the rest of the Sharks , " Nabby " actually raised his game to a higher level .
In 17 games during the 2003 - '04 playoffs , Nabokov posted a .935 save percentage with three shutouts .
Better yet , despite only a 2 - 1 record in the final game of each series , he posted a combined save percentage of .949 .
And on the road Nabokov posted a .950 save percentage where he managed two of his three shutouts .
When the Sharks needed him most , Nabokov delivered .
And his play in goal helped carry San Jose to their first and only semi-final series victory to this date .
Game six of the Avalanche series which came in Colorado saw Nabokov stop 28 out of 29 shots and the 3 - 1 victory sent the Sharks off to their first ever Western Conference Final appearance .
Flash forward to the 2009 - '10 season , and Nabokov is once again playing at the level that saw him play the best hockey of his career back in 2003 - '04 .
While Nabokov is n't nearly on pace to reach the nine shutouts he picked up six years ago as he has just two of them at the half way point , his save percentage is significantly higher at .926 .
If Nabokov can continue his stellar play , if he can remain healthy and is n't overplayed by Sharks head coach Todd McLellan , Nabokov might just begin the playoffs playing the best hockey of his life .
He is currently on a streak where he has back - stopped the Sharks to an 8 - 1 - 3 mark in his past 12 games with a save percentage of .935 .
In his last eight games he has led the Sharks to 7 - 0 - 1 mark with a save percentage of .947 .
Talk about astonishing numbers by a goalie who consistently faces criticism for his team 's failures .
Now some fans may argue that the Sharks offense deserves credit for the current winning streak and admittedly they deserve their fair share .
However , despite the fact the Sharks scored 3.75 goals per contest in that eight game span , games in Chicago and home against Phoenix would not have been victories without Nabokov being absolutely dominant .
Nabokov stopped 76 out of 80 shots combined in those two games , holding Chicago and Phoenix to just two goals a piece while the Sharks managed just five goals on 50 shots in the two contests .
Without Nabokov , the Sharks would still be a top 10 team , but with him playing the way he has shown he can , he gives San Jose a chance to be the last team standing in June .
And that is what the Sharks are built for this season .
A team much maligned for playoff disappointments has been tweaked to have everything put together for this season .
Come next year there are no guarantees the same core group returns with numerous players including Nabokov in the final year of their contracts .
If San Jose is to finally break through and have extended playoff success , they are going to need Nabokov to elevate his game in the playoffs just like he did in 2003 - '04 .
Teams can have as many talented scorers as they want but offensive juggernauts do n't always enjoy playoff success .
As you 'll hear every NHL analyst state , " you need goaltending come playoffs . "
Granted Nabokov has experienced a vast amount of success throughout the years , he has also been prone to let up the weak back - breaking goal that can deflate his team .
However , his play as of late should give Sharks fans the confidence that they will have Stanley Cup quality goaltending come playoffs and those back - breaking goals will be no longer .
PORT -AU - PRINCE ( AFP ) – Haitian native Wyclef Jean spent Thursday clearing bodies from the streets of Port - au - Prince , as he called for the government to impose a state of emergency and warned of impending chaos .
Jean , who became famous as a front - man for the superstar Fugees hip hop group , has long been active in promoting Haiti ’s development , but that focus has shifted markedly to disaster relief in the wake of the 7.0 magnitude earthquake .
ADVERTISEMENT
Describing conditions in the Haitian capital as “ the apocalypse , ” he said Haiti needed to raise a million dollars a day to survive .
“ We spent the day picking up dead bodies , all day that ’s what we did .
There ’s so much bodies in the streets that the morgues are filled up , the cemeteries are filled up , ” he told Fox News .
“ The count is not 100,000 there ’s at least , has to be four to five hundred thousand people that is about to die . ”
Born near Port - au - Prince , Jean has raised money through his Yele Haiti charity since 2005 .
“ We have to raise a million dollars a day .
In four or five days , this whole country is going to be in chaos .
We are calling for a state of emergency , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We are calling for a state of emergency please President ( Barack ) Obama , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton … we have to do something for this country . ”
The following video from Fox was posted on YouTube :
Developers do listen , you know .
If you thought Relic were consciously ignoring the common complaint that Dawn of War 2 was too lightweight , its maps and challenges too relentlessly similar , you ’re wrong .
Of course , they might get Chaos Rising , the first expansion ( albeit standalone ) , wrong in new and interesting ways , but by all accounts they ’re very conscious that , largely speaking , DOW2 did n’t net the same sky - high review scores most of their previous oeuvre has .
Chaos Rising is a bigger , broader game , leaving the tactically - rewarding but rinse and repeat skirmish mentality of the parent game ’s missions in favour of 15 heavily story - led , handcrafted levels .
( There are plenty of non-mandatory , bonus - laden sidemissions , in case your reactive to the number 15 was to start writing something sweary and in capital letters ) .
Each of the main missions is scripted up the wazoo , doling out new challenges and objectives at the point where , in DOW2 - plain , the mission would have ended .
The Blood Ravens are going on an adventure …
You ’ll even have some new toys and mechanics to play with in some missions – for instance , barking marching orders at a platoon of Imperial Guards , or hurling multiple Predator tanks at the enemy .
It ’s aiming for spectacle and diversity , not simply military masterfulness .
At a guess , we ’re going to see a similar approach from Starcraft 2 .
There ’s a bit of a split in terms of how people think about Dawn of War games and story .
Go all the way back to the original Dawn of War and you get a few talking heads between missions and a cutscene before and after , but quite transparently there to link and nothing more .
As the expansions wear on , and especially by the time we get to Dawn of War 2 , the Blood Ravens , the Space Marine chapter created specifically for DOW and since added to Games Workshop ’s official Warhamer 40,000 codex , have been fleshed out with hero figures , lore and mystery .
For some people , myself included , this stuff kind of washes over them as a generalised Let ’s Kill All The Bad Guys purpose .
For others – well , the true nature and history of the Blood Angels is a big deal .
Chaos Rising is going to get into that quite a bit , concerning as it does the sudden emergence of a long - lost Imperial planet .
This mysterious orb apparently holds archives that fill in the Ravens ’ hitherto unknown history , which they ’re obviously keen to find out about .
Trouble is , the place is also crawling with The Black Legion , a cartel of murderous Chaos Marines .
Is there a link ?
Only SPACE WAR can answer that .
So , the more scripted structure serves another purpose beyond giving each mission more of a backbone .
That said , while it ’s a more directed affair , it also introduces the concept of choice to Dawn of War .
While , tactically - speaking , that ’s been there since Dark Crusde , I do n’t mean choice in terms of choosing where you ’re going to attack next , and how you ’re going to do it .
I mean in terms of being a bit Bioware .
Chaos Rising introduces the Corruption and Purity meters , each of which grants your squads various buffs and penalties depending how far you lean in one direction .
This being , fundamentally , a real - time strategy game , this is n’t going to affect conversation options and whether an ork with a dilemma about abortion is going to chat to you or not .
What it does is affect your abilities , the ones you ’re already accustomed to from Dawn of War II .
Melee bonuses or weaknesses , healing powers or – in the case of Scout Marine boss Cyrus ’ highest - end Corruption bonus – strapping a bomb to one of your squad and sending the doomed soul running into the midst of the enemy .
The idea is that , no matter which path you head down ( and there ’s plenty of room for a mix of both ) , the game does n’t turn in your favour .
With every pleasurable new power must come painful sacrifice .
Hopefully some manner of tentacles too .
That said , Corruption is n’t gained by being out and out evil , but rather by bending or dishonouring the Space Marine code .
For instance , you might stumble across a Shrine to the Emperor , from which hangs an especially tasty piece of wargear .
Grab that , and you ’ll be able to biff that much harder .
No - one ’s hurt by taking it , either .
But you ’ll have defiled His Sacred Image , which causes you to become slightly Corrupted , and thus more potentially open to the heretical influence of Chaos .
It ’s a choice between the long game and the short game .
Neatly , you ’re not permanently corrupted by your less pious decisions – there ’s scope to make choices , or don particular equipment , which replenishes your purity .
Optional side - missions can also tip the good / nasty scales – for instance , one to go and rescue a bunch of alien - assaulted Imperial civilians .
It ’s a bit of hassle for minimal reward , but it ’ll wash away some of that Corrupt - o - meter .
Is it worth it ?
Your call .
It ’s always matter of deciding to be Pure , or Corrupted , or to find a middleground in which your sense of reward and your sense of duty are balanced enough to quiet your conscience .
It ’s a very RPG mechanic for an RTS to try – but DOW2 is nothing if not determined to be more RPGlike .
The light side / dark side stuff even extends to loot – for instance , a piece of armour that pushes up your purity if you wear it for a while , but carries stats so poxy that you ’re going to find missions that much harder .
Or one that has ace stats but pushes your I ’m A Dick rating sky - high .
Interestingly ( and presumably so no - one finds particularly cool pieces of loot are totally useless to them ) , some stuff can , when trashed , transform into something new rather than yield bonus XP as it did in DOW2 .
Trashing a Corrupt piece of wargear will in some cases turn it into a Purity - blessed one , but with its own positives and negatives .
The Diablo - like hunger for Wargear is a big part of Dawn of War II , and , while it ’s not to traditional tacticians ’ tastes , it ’s being amped up in CR .
There ’s a new tier of Elite - level stuff too , denoted by now - familiar purple text , which ’ll really keep the lootfiends busy .
Probably the most interesting element of the Corruption / Purity balancing act is that it ’s not universal – each of your seven squads ( including the new Librarian , Jonah Orion ) climbs the good / bad ladder separately .
As well as each gaining new skills depending on what they ’ve been up to , they ’ll look a little more Imperial or Chaotic , and they ’ll have different things to say .
There ’s a bunch of fun things I ’m going to keep under my Spoiler Hat , but suffice to say the story ’s affected by your choices .
Oh , and the story picks up a couple of weeks where DOW2 left off – to that end , you can import your old savegame , and have your Marines begin the game at whatever level and with whatever wargear you left ‘ em with .
If you do n’t , they ’ll all kick off around level 17 , with a decent clutch of pre-assigned goodies .
Either way , expect to be drowning in decent new loot very quickly , as the new level cap is 30 .
So : an expansion that ’s not gone for the easy road of some new maps and a new playable race .
I ’d by lying if I said I was n’t a little disappointed we do n’t get a campaign in which we play as one of the other factions – Space Marines are cool , but they have an unfortunate habit of stealing the focus in any 40 K game .
Still , it ’s good that Relic are building up their cast of characters – Cyrus , Avitus , Davian
Thule et al are on their way to being more memorable than most RTS characters , apart from the ones with big bald heads and small beards .
There ’s also going to be a revised multiplayer mode , most notably adding Chaos as a playable faction .
I ’ll have a piece about that side of things up on Eurogamer in the next few days , which I ’ll link to here once it appears .
I ’ve also got a bit more to say about the new Librarian character , who I ’ll do a new post about very soon .
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike
Huckabee says he wo n’t base his decision to run on what the people who buy his books say .
Huckabee ambivalent about W.H. run
The day the Gallup Organization confirmed Mike Huckabee ’s status as the pollsters ’ front - runner for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination , the former Arkansas governor was slouched in the back of his tour bus , somewhere between Harrisburg and Allentown , Pa. , talking about the frustrations of not being taken seriously .
“ I ’m a very serious person , ” he said .
“ I may not be dour , but I ’m serious . ”
Advertisement
A governor for 10 years and the winner of the Iowa caucuses in 2008 , Huckabee should by all rights have a claim to be the early favorite for the Republican nomination .
But former Gov. Mitt Romney , the candidate he bested in Iowa 2008 and for whom he does not attempt to contain his contempt , is riding high , credited by many Republicans as the best person to run against President Barack Obama in a down economy .
And as Huckabee works his way through a 22 - state tour for his new book , “ A Simple Christmas , ” he knows that he and the book will be almost entirely overshadowed by former Gov. Sarah Palin ’s two - week barnstorming tour for her forthcoming memoir .
Palin is the party ’s rock star .
“ Some of the people who had excoriated me and really been very dismissive of me for views that I had taken , and labeled me anything from a populist to an ignoramus — the same people have been very defensive [ of ] and laudatory to Sarah Palin , ” Huckabee noted , adding that he ’d invited her to appear on his weekly Fox show but “ could never get any contact . ”
“ I ’m glad she ’s getting the props — I know I ’m not nearly as attractive , ” he said with a guileless grin .
Huckabee is unceasingly pleasant and mild , even in relating his grievances .
The same sense of humor is there , too .
But so are an obvious frustration and a barely concealed bitterness , as well as the underlying question of whether Huckabee really wants to go through with this again or , instead , succumb fully to the showbiz side that he began polishing as a teenage disc jockey in Hope , Ark .
Gallup ’s survey of Republicans found that 71 percent would consider voting for him , more than for Palin , Romney or others .
The same survey found that he ’s the only Republican whom even 50 percent of Americans say they think is qualified to be president .
What ’s more , he is vastly outworking all of his potential rivals — even the ones who , as he noted , do n’t have to work for a living and do n’t need to work for a living .
Like , just for instance , Romney , who merits 15 entries in the index of Huckabee ’s recent campaign memoir , now out in paperback .
( “ Romney , Mitt : disrespectful attitude of ; ... flip - flopping on issues ; ... Iowa concession , lack of ; ... as left of center ; ... negative ads . ” )
He compares Romney ’s attempt to prove himself more conservative than his rivals to “ the Kristen Wiig character on ‘ Saturday Night Live ’ —
‘ I ’ve been there , too ; I ’ve been there six times . ’”
The Pennsylvania trip was part of a three - week book tour .
But the grinding travel —
Huckabee occasionally sleeps on one of the bus ’s modest bunks — is par for the course for a man who practically lives on the road while he makes a career of his Fox talk show and his radio commentaries .
He said he considers these enterprises his “ job ” and the public for whom he’s in the process of signing thousands of books his “ employer . ”
The public ’s demographic , according to a casual canvass of his book signings , tends toward women of his age and older .
It also includes pillars of the conservative base — veterans , conservative evangelicals .
“ I watch your show .
I love you and I will support you 100 percent , ” said one woman in the Lancaster Barnes & Noble , where the line started forming three hours before Huckabee ’s arrival and where staff members say they have n’t seen a crowd this big in years .
“ I ’d like to live to see you become president , ” said another woman .
“ I like your dimple . ”
Huckabee , in his preacher ’s uniform of a black suit , checked shirt and open collar is a heartthrob among a certain set .
The book tour is reminiscent of how he distinguished himself in 2008 — with the retail campaign , the Pizza Ranch get - togethers in Iowa and the debates , in which he came across as a real person .
Part of Huckabee ’s authenticity has always been his struggle with his weight — he made his own diet , and anti-obesity campaigning , a cause as governor — and it ’s been a losing battle for the past year .
On the bus , he said something about protein shakes but opted for a compromise — salmon from Olive Garden — and snacked on some Auntie Annie ’s pretzels .
Understandably , he took New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine ’s thinly veiled reference to the weight of his rival , Chris Christie , seriously , and he considers Christie ’s reply that Corzine should “ man up and call me fat ” the “ pivotal moment ” of the campaign .
But Huckabee had also thought of his own comeback for Christie : “ I may be fat , but he ’s incompetent .
And I can lose weight . ”
But authenticity is n’t enough , and he ’s also been giving thought , and some effort , to the part that failed him in 2008 : political organizing .
“ It would have to be far more organized and extensive than last time , ” he said .
“ I would not try to go out and operate without the financial support . ”
He ’s also been meeting , he said , with some of the evangelical and Republican leaders who rejected him before .
“ In some of their cases , there ’s a very different attitude to me now , ” he said .
But some attitudes do n’t change .
Huckabee met in the spring with Pat Toomey , then the president of the Wall Street - backed Club for Growth , which had attacked him during the 2008 campaign for raising taxes in Arkansas .
“ It was n’t very productive , ” he said of the meeting .
“ I realized then that these guys are just what I thought they were — they ’re pay for play , and they do it anonymously on behalf of people who do n’t want to be known as the funders of these hit operations .
I find that repulsive . ”
Huckabee , who tells the well - wishers he has n’t yet made up his mind about running , is as keenly aware of his own strengths as he is of possible weaknesses .
Iowa , he said , wo n’t be as easy to skip as some supporters of his potential rivals have recently theorized .
“ They do that at their own peril , ” he said .
“ The hot political reporters are going to be in Iowa , and they ’re going to cover who ’s there because it ’s the first thing .
If you skip it , you ’re going to be playing a game nobody ’s watching . ”
Later on the bus , Huckabee vanishes to the back to record his 12 - minute radio commentary .
It ’s a much - soughtafter talk radio gig , the one vacated by the late , legendary Paul Harvey — desirable both because the commentaries air widely and because they , unlike a show , do n’t require the host to be tied down to a studio for four hours a day .
The bus stops in Secaucus , N.J. , and Huckabee carries his own bag over to Fox ’s waiting Cadillac , which will take him into Manhattan .
Huckabee installs himself in the back seat and logs on to a Citadel Broadcasting website to upload the digital audio file he just recorded .
And now he really sounds like he wo n’t run for president .
“ A factor that I ’ve got to look at is [ that ] it means walking away from what I ’m doing , ” he said .
“ I ’d have to completely walk away from it and not get it back — they ’re not going to keep the seat warm for you .
And the other thing :
Not many of us can forgo an income for a couple of years . ”
Huckabee expands on his theory that elected officials should be forced to resign their offices before running for another .
“ One of the things that bugged me while I ran was looking around at all these people onstage who were senators and congressmen — I as a taxpayer was paying their health insurance and their salaries and a lot of their staff , ” he said .
“ I was having to figure out how to make my house payment and pay my health insurance . ”
Then there are the attacks .
Huckabee reads everything written about him and asks his daughter to explain attacks on the obscurest blogs .
And President Barack Obama , he believes , will be a hard man to beat .
“ Americans are not likely to dismiss a party after four years , ” he said , noting how unusual that is in American history .
“ It just gives me a realistic understanding , when people act like this is going to be a cakewalk for Republicans . ”
But what about all those people who , that day , had told him they ’d be with him if he ’d only run ?
he was asked as the Cadillac pulled up to his hotel , the Renaissance in Times Square ( which is , incidentally , part of the Marriott empire , on whose board Romney sits ) .
“ Some people will believe all the ya - ya that people will tell them , ” he said .
“ It ’s easy to get swept up into that — 10 people tell you you ’re the next president , and the next thing you know you ’re breathing it in and you ’re out there .
I ca n’t base a decision like that on the people who would stand in line for two hours to buy my book . ”
With that , he was out of the car and into his hotel .
Follow - up Request for Information on Space Shuttle Orbiter Placement
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) is issuing a Follow - up Request for Information ( RFI ) to obtain input from educational institutions , science museums , and other appropriate organizations about the community ’s ability to acquire and publicly display the Space Shuttle Orbiters after conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program .
Consistent with NASA ’s 2008 Space Shuttle Orbiter RFI , this follow - up RFI seeks input from educational institutions , science museums , and other appropriate organizations with experience in public display of space hardware and nationally - recognized historical artifacts .
The 2008 and 2010 RFI results will be used by NASA to determine interest that may lead to selection of specific organizations to receive a Space Shuttle Orbiter .
Because of notable changes to the 2008 cost and delivery schedule , NASA is issuing a follow - up 2010 RFI to convey that the cost has dropped from $ 42 M to $ 28.8 M and the delivery schedule has advanced by six months .
NASA ’s continued goal is to collect a wide variety of perspectives on whether eligible recipient organizations are capable of appropriately displaying the Space Shuttle Orbiters and bear the full cost of preparing the hardware for display and transportation to its final destination .
Responses to this RFI must be submitted no later than 11:59 PM Eastern Standard Time , on February 19 , 2010 .
NASA remains committed to respond publicly to all inquiries regarding these RFIs .
Inquiries / questions must be received no later than February 1st and will be answered and posted by February 9th .
I 'm so glad that Sen .
Al Franken is standing up against this merger .
This is a bad move for democracy in so many ways , and he 's pulling out all the stops to mobilize supporters .
He sent out this email yesterday :
You might have seen in the news , on Twitter , or on Facebook recently that I 'm opposing the NBC / Comcast merger in its current form .
I wanted to write you today to explain why , and to ask for your help .
I have some experience in this industry , and I flat - out do n't trust Comcast and NBC to operate in the best interest of consumers in Minnesota and around the country when it comes to this merger .
Combining a company who provides programming and one who provides the pipes that carry said programming would almost certainly be a raw deal for consumers and independent content producers alike .
Click here to represent your opposition to this merger by supporting the vocal opposition ( me ) with a small , secure grassroots donation today !
I came to Washington to stand up to the lopsided influence of special interests on behalf of middle class Minnesota families , and opposing this merger is an opportunity to do just that .
And as much as I do n't trust Comcast and NBC to be honest brokers on this deal , I am trusting you to help me build support for my positions on issues like this one .
And as usual , by ' support ' I mean ' money . '
Online grassroots donations fuel our operation , and I need your help to keep it going strong -- click here to contribute , please .
I 'm not afraid of standing up to these guys -- as I said it 's why I ran for the Senate .
But I also realize that given the recent Citizens United decision in the U.S. Supreme Court , corporations can now turn around and spend millions running ads telling voters I want to blow up their T.V. -- a patently untrue claim that they 've got no research to support , by the way .
But I do n't need them on my side .
I want you on my side .
If you 're on my side on this one , please click here to help us build a massive grassroots machine to get our message out .
Fights like this one are more than worth having , they 're essential to keeping our democracy representative of people instead of corporate entities .
I realize that with a lot of my positions , I 'm inviting special interest groups to spend a lot of money to defeat me down the road .
As long as I have you standing with me , that 's ok by me -- because corporations getting their way is n't some bad medicine consumers need to swallow -- we can stand , fight , and win .
Thanks for your time today , for all you 've done , and all you 'll do .
- Al
How does OpenOffice.org ( OOo ) compare with Microsoft Office ( MSO ) ?
The question is harder to answer than you might expect .
Few users have the experience or patience to do a thorough comparison .
Too often , they miss features that have different names or are in different positions in the editing window .
Or , perhaps they overlook the fact that some features , although missing in one , easily can be added through customization .
Yet another problem when comparing something to MSO is which of the eight current versions of MSO do you use for the comparison ?
To cut through these difficulties , as I compared OpenOffice.org 3.1.1 and Microsoft Office 2007 , I assumed until a search proved otherwise that , if one office suite included a feature , the other also would have it .
I also focused on the three core applications : the word processors , spreadsheets and presentation programs .
The results suggest a close feature match for average users , but in some cases , a clear choice for expert users .
Navigating the Interface In Office 2007 , Microsoft implemented its Fluent User Interface ( better known as ribbons ) , replacing menus and taskbars with a combination of both .
By contrast , OOo still retains menus and taskbars .
Both use context - specific floating windows that open automatically when the cursor is at a particular type of formatting .
When ribbons first appeared , they were both attacked and defended vigorously .
Yet for all the effort , no independent study has proven conclusively that ribbons are easier or harder to use than the classic menus and taskbars .
At first , you may have to search for repositioned features , but neither has a clear advantage once you adjust to it .
Most users are likely to be exasperated with the arrangement of features with the classic interface just as often as they are with ribbons .
Much the same is true of the on - line help .
With MSO , users hoping for help have to drill down deep to find answers , and the arrangement of topics by questions is both limiting and hard to scan .
With OOo , the problems with help are incompleteness and out of date and poorly written entries , but the result is equally unfriendly , even though the help system is more thorough .
As for the editing window , one office suite needs only to implement a feature for the other one to copy it .
For instance , OOo borrows a zoom slider bar from MSO , while MSO borrowed floating windows from OOo .
And , although you can point to areas where the interface of one is easier or more efficient , such as the template selector in MSO or OOo 's Navigator that allows you to jump from feature to feature , these areas are counterbalanced by other features in which each suite is at a disadvantage .
Verdict : tie .
The interfaces vary in strengths and weaknesses , but neither stands out as particularly well done .
The main reason for preferring one interface over another is that you are used to it .
Word Processors : OOo Writer vs. MSO Word For casual users , Microsoft Word is extremely convenient .
For every feature , from templates and content pages to tables and bullets , Word offers libraries of standard layouts .
These libraries are not particularly sophisticated by typographical standards .
Some , like those for tables of contents , are frankly an aesthetic disaster , but for those who choose to ignore document design , they are good enough , especially in documents that will be used once and then discarded .
By contrast , the rumor is that OOo Writer 's developers were required to use the word processor for their own documentation .
Whether the rumor is true is uncertain , but it is true that Writer has more to offer for those who are concerned with document design .
Writer comes with very few layout libraries , leaving you to download or create them , but in compensation , it allows you a degree of control that makes it as much an intermediate layout program as a word processor .
Kerning , hyphenation , the exact positioning of list bullets , headers , footers and footnotes or endnotes — all these layout features can be set with far greater precision in Writer than in Word .
To help you organize this precision , Writer is distinctly oriented toward styles .
As you may know , styles is a feature that allows you to adjust formatting once , then apply the settings where needed , instead of applying all the formatting manually each time you use it .
Styles really save time when you are making major changes to layout and when saved into templates for re-use .
Writer allows you to set styles for paragraphs , characters , pages , lists and object frames .
Even more important , Writer is so oriented toward styles that even a simple act like adding a page number generally requires them .
Some features , like outline numbering , are impossible without them .
In comparison , Word is far more oriented toward manual formatting .
Figure 1 . MS Word Figure 2 . OpenOffice.org Writer Although
Word does include paragraph and character styles , you have to seek them out if you want to use them .
When you do locate styles , you have to drill down into menus to change them , a process that is decidedly more awkward than Writer 's arrangement of tabs in a window .
Nor will you find the precision present in Writer 's features .
Rather than using styles , most Word users , I suspect , would prefer to stick with its layout libraries .
In other words , Writer is more for advanced users , and Word for beginners .
Word 's orientation in particular , is implicit in the interface , which makes manual formatting tools easy to find and styles just one feature among dozens .
The orientation is implicit also in the fact that advanced features like AutoText are so deeply buried , many users still believe that they were dropped when ribbons arrived .
A corollary of the difference in orientation is that although Writer is adequate for documents of hundreds of pages , few experienced users ever would consider Word for documents of more than about 20 pages .
Despite the change in the interface , Word is still crash - prone at greater lengths .
Word does include a master document feature , just as Writer does , but as one commenter said , files that use Word 's master document feature tend to be in one of two states — corrupted or about to be corrupted .
Verdict : Writer .
You have to do more initial work with Writer to set up the templates you need , but once you do , the result is more professional , precise and individual than with Word .
Spreadsheets : OOo Calc vs. MSO Excel Calc and Excel have been in an arms race for years .
Excel extends the numbers of columns and rows it can support in one release , and in the next , Calc matches it .
Recent releases also have seen developers improving Calc 's speed when processing complex equations .
Consequently , both Calc and Excel now support spreadsheets that are so extensive , any sane user would have switched from a spreadsheet to a database long before bumping against the limitations .
In much the same way , Calc always has been careful to match Excel function for function to maximize compatibility .
In fact , Calc actually has several dozen more functions than Excel , not because Calc can do more , but because it often maintains two versions of the same function — one for compatibility with Excel and one with extra features that Excel lacks .
Given the sheer number of functions in both spreadsheets , I can not be completely certain that one has functions the other lacks , but if either does , those functions are specialized ones that average users are unlikely to miss .
For sorting cell entries and manipulating formulae , Calc and Excel have a roughly equivalent feature set .
The main difference is in some of the names — for instance , where Excel refers to “ pivot tables ” and “ trace precedents ” , Calc refers to “ datapilots ” and “ detective ” .
With the basics so close , the differences between Calc and Excel remain minor at best .
Figure 3 . MS Excel Figure 4 . OpenOffice.org Calc
For example , pivot tables in Excel are easier to construct than Calc 's datapilots and easier to manipulate later , although the use of cell and page styles in Calc makes formatting and printing easier .
In the end , which application you prefer depends on what extras matter to you .
Most users are unlikely to find any great difference in general functionality .
Verdict : tie .
Slideshows : OOo Impress vs. MSO PowerPoint OOo
Impress produces slideshows that serve the needs of most users .
It always has been especially strong in object animation , and because it shares much of its code with OOo's Draw , it also is ideal for drawing charts and diagrams .
One particularly useful feature is the ability to save object styles so that you easily can create copies and modify them all .
Yet , despite such features , Impress always has struggled to catch up with MSO PowerPoint .
Over its releases , it has narrowed the gap , adding built - in support for movie and sound clips and more recently tables .
However , the gap remains in several key areas .
For example , although PowerPoint allows the recording of continuous narrations , Impress is limited to adding sound clips to each screen .
Similarly , Impress lacks the ability to use the pointer to draw on the screen during a presentation .
If you want a Presenter View — a view that includes notes that display on your machine but not on the projector — you have to install the Sun Presenter Console extension in Impress .
And , although PowerPoint includes a set of collaboration features similar to those found in Word , Impress 's first step to match them is scheduled to arrive in only OOo 3.2 , when notes will be added .
Another weakness of Impress is that it is divided into three panes : a slide pane , the current slide pane and a task pane .
This makes Impress almost impossible to use except in a full - screen window .
However , although PowerPoint occasionally opens a task pane , in general , its ribbon interface means that it does not usually need one .
Verdict : PowerPoint .
Figure 5 . MS PowerPoint Figure 6 . OpenOffice.org Impress
Other Features Beyond the core applications , both MSO and OOo include other programs .
Both include a small database , although OOo's ability to connect easily to other database sources gives it a slight edge .
In some editions , MSO includes Microsoft Outlook , a personal information manager ; Visio , a charting program ; Publisher , a basic desktop layout program , and a dozen more .
The only other application in OOo is Draw , an SVG graphics editor , but as free software , OOo can be supplemented by dozens of other applications .
Although these applications may not always interact well with each other , neither do the components of MSO .
And , at least an increasing number of free software applications support OOo's Open Document Format , which means that a document written in Writer can be opened in AbiWord or KWord .
Yet another consideration is that , although MSO has an ecosystem of dozens of trainers and instructional Web pages built around it , instruction and resources for OOo are much scarcer .
Conversely , OOo has developed a community of extension writers that is second only to Firefox's , while MSO 's extensions are far fewer in number .
Le magazine qui vous propose des informations santé qui vous concerne : alimentation , beauté , bien - être , médecine , traitements , maladies , sexo , psycho et plus .
Retrouvez nos dossiers pratiques , nos articles de santé alternative et naturelle , nos traitements efficaces pour rester en forme et en bonne santé toute l'année .
Apprenez à dépister vos maladies et à vous prémunir contre elles avec qu'elles ne se développent .
En cas de problèmes de santé graves , il est important de consulter à médecin et d'éviter de se soigner grâce à internet .
Bonne visite et bonne lecture .
MILLIONS of people who try to keep fit by jogging , cycling or going to the gym could be wasting their time , a study revealed today .
The international research , led by the University of London , found that aerobic exercise does not benefit everyone in equal measures , and its usefulness is determined by a person 's genes .
According to the results , published in the Journal of Applied Physiology today , 20 per cent of people do not receive any health benefits from aerobic exercise .
The study , which stretched from London to Ontario , saw an international team of researchers from 14 institutions examine the human genome to find a way of predicting who would benefit the most from exercise .
The work built on the belief among researchers that one of the best predictors of health was a body ’s ability to take in and use oxygen during maximum exercise .
In theory the more blood a heart can pump , and the more oxygen muscles use , the less risk there would be of early disease and death .
James Timmons of the Royal Veterinary College at the University of London , who headed the study , said aerobic exercise would not help certain people ward off heart disease , diabetes and other potential ailments .
Mr Timmons argued this new research could help advance and improve healthcare .
“ If a patient is not likely to benefit much from aerobic exercise , the physician could turn to other types of exercise or alternative therapies .
This would be one of the first examples of personalised , genomic - based medicine , ” he said .
Alternative types of exercise include anaerobic pursuits such as weightlifting , push - ups and pull - ups .
Participants in the study were asked to undergo rigorous aerobic training , while researchers took muscle tissue samples before and after .
Using new procedures the team then identified a set of about 30 genes that predicted the increase of oxygen their body consumed .
By the end of the study 20 per cent saw their maximum oxygen increase by less than five per cent .
About 30 per cent showed no increase in insulin sensitivity , meaning that the exercise did not reduce their risk of diabetes .
“ We know that low maximal oxygen consumption is a strong risk factor for premature illness and death , so the tendency is for physicians and public health experts to automatically prescribe aerobic exercise to increase oxygen capacity , " Mr Timmons said .
" Our hope is that before too long , they will be able to target that prescription just to those who may stand a greater chance of benefiting , and prescribe more effective preventive or therapeutic measures to the others , ” he added .
Posted on by Ricky Sprague
Although Philip K. Dick passed away in 1982 , his novels and stories still have a feel of immediacy .
These works of speculative fiction dealt with themes that still preoccupy our minds — the overreach of governments that lie to their subjects in order to increase their power , corrupt corporations that attempt to control every aspect of peoples ’ lives , and the nature of identity in an increasingly confusing world .
Hollywood studios love him , because his personal stories of alienation in modern society appeal to modern filmmakers , who have turned his fiction into classic films such as Blade Runner , Minority Report , Total Recall , and at least three other films that I have seen , but whose titles escape me at the moment .
For me , one of his best works is the novel The Penultimate Inconvenient Truth , which is the story of a conspiracy among scientists and various world governments to convince people that the planet ’s temperature ( “ planetemp ” ) is rising .
In fact , there is little evidence of this — the scientists and governments are just using it as an excuse to consolidate power .
The first chapter , reprinted below , is so prescient that it almost feels like it could have been written today , just now , by me , as a satire .
Except for all those classic Phildickian terms , of course :
THE PENULTIMATE INCONVENIENT TRUTH
By Philip K. Dick
Chapter One
ExecBranch was in full crisis mode , but no one could see that from BO ’s demeanor .
He read the words from the rhetorizer like it was just another day , like he was ordering a waffle during a campaign stop .
He was cool , and he needed to be .
They were still on the correct side of the real universally accepted valid scientific opinion — could n’t let a few missing docs , hacked homeomails , and a resignation shake them .
But the BO - men on the inside knew the events of the last few weeks could be spun by the fringers in such a way as to sow doubt in the minds of the masses , which was why BO was making his vid speech .
All of this was coming hard on the heels of the revelation that Veep Al - Go was a simulacrum , and his filmSpeech , while overall true , had stretched some information to bolster the real universally accepted valid scientific opinion .
No , given everything that had happened , it was important to further fringe anyone who questioned what the sci-men had spent years declaring was settled .
This was going to take all of BO ’s rhetorizing , because one of the sci-men — one who ’d been dumb enough to get hacked — was now saying he was n’t sure if planetemp was even changing in the universally accepted valid way .
Furthermore , this sci-man , Jones Anglia , had stated he ’d lost pertinent data that proved the universally accepted valid scientific opinion .
Just yesterday , Jones was a sci-man , and now BO had to fringe him .
“ We can debate certain methodologies , ” BO was saying , as he read the rhetorizer , “ but we cannot , as human beings of conscience , debate the universally accepted valid scientific opinion .
Planetemp is reaching dangerous levels , and as a result , inaction is not an option . ”
Here it was coming .
BO had already emphasized our collective humanity , and already laid it down that we had to do something .
He had n’t specifically singled out the fringers for ridicule , but he had labeled their strategy — inaction — as invalid .
Benny Otterman leaned forward involuntarily , dazzled by BO ’s delivery .
Benny had written the words that appeared on the rhetorizer — in a way , it was he himself who was speaking .
He got that same heady feeling of ident with BO , but he repressed it .
It was almost blasphemous .
No way could Benny Otterman , a mere Prez transcribe , a BO - man , even approach BO ’s greatness .
“ That is why I am using an ExecOrd to decree that increasing planetemp is a crisis , and we must devote all of our resources and energy to stopping it . ”
Just like that , with one carefully delivered sentence , BO changed the world .
The hacked homeomails and lost data did n’t matter .
The fringers had lost .
The gov had thrown itself behind the universally accepted valid scientific opinion .
Gov was consensus ( that ’s where the “ we ” came from ) and now the universally accepted valid scientific opinion was consensus .
Fringers were n’t just crackpots — they were in violation of the law .
Benny began to tingle .
Yes , BO had spoken the words , but Benny had written them .
In a way , it was Benny Otterman who was issuing the ExecOrd .
No — he had to repress that thought .
It was a struggle .
“ Rest assured , your lives will change very little thanks to this small exercise of executive authority , ” BO continued , wearing a disarming smile .
“ Other than that the air will get cleaner for your children , trees will become greener , oceans will start to recede , and icebergs will stop the big melt . ”
Benny smiled .
There would be sacrifices , of course .
But with BO to inspire the masses , no sacrifice would be too great .
It was almost too easy to write , with BO ’s style and delivery .
The BO - men could feed these people anything , and BO could sell it .
BO removed from his inside jacket pocket a small piece of wrapped candy , and nonchalantly placed it in his mouth .
Anyone watching in their conapts would believe it was a piece of Chew - E , the hallucinogenic gum that helped alleviate the fringer tendencies to question the universally accepted valid scientific opinion .
Of course , the Prez did n’t actually use Chew - E , and , while the fiction that he did use it was comforting to most people — he was an average human being , after all ! — they also did n’t want a Prez who used Chew -E .
Every human being was at least a little bit schizophrenic — the pols knew that , the BO - men , even the fringers knew it .
BO had won the election by exploiting that , even appealing to it ; he ’d been a longstanding member of one of the two power - parties and still campaigned as a change agent , or changent .
Benny again felt himself slipping into dangerous ident mode .
It was terrifying to think that even a self - aware BO - man like him could watch BO , chewing simulated Chew - E , and almost taste the sticky - sweet gum in his own mouth .
The mouth from which emanated the words he was reading on the rhetorizer …
Benny Otterman was BO !
He was also the robot agent of a major corporation that was using designs from a comic book that he was writing to design weapons that were being used to fight a war in the future , and everything that was happening to him was just a dream he was having while in suspended animation during a trip to one of the colonies on a moon of Venus .
Wait .
The BO who was Benny Otterman suddenly wondered : Was planetemp really going up ?
He fumbled in his pocket for a Chew - E .
What he found was a random assortment of items that made no sense to him , and once again he questioned his own ident .
Tags : books & writing , politics & government // Add Comment »
Full - fledged corporatism , as a system for organizing the formulation and implementation of economic policies , requires the replacement of political representation according to area of residence by political representation according to position in the socioeconomic division of labor .
The citizen of a corporate state has a political identity not as a resident of a particular geographical district but as a member of a certain occupation , profession , or other economic community .
He will probably be distinguished according to whether he is an employer , an employee , or self - employed .
One who looks for information about corporatism is frequently referred to fascism .
( In the International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences , for example , the entry for corporatism reads simply ,  See Fascism .  )
Indeed , the corporatist ideal achieved its fullest historical expression in Italy under Mussolinis regime .
There , workers and employers were organized into syndicates based on local trades and occupations .
Local syndicates joined in national federations , which were grouped into worker and employer confederations for broad economic sectors , such as industry , agriculture , commerce , banking , and insurance .
In 1934 the government made peak associations part of the apparatus of state , with one corporation for each of 22 economic sectors .
The corporations received authority to regulate economic activities , to fix the prices of goods and services , and to mediate labor disputes .
In practice the Italian corporate state operated not as a grand compromise among economic interest groups but as a collection of sectoral economic authorities organized and dominated by the government in the service of the dictatorships aims .
Neither capitalists nor laborers enjoyed autonomy or private rights defensible against the fascist regime .
( See Mario Einaudi ,  Fascism ,  International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences [ New York : Macmillan and The Free Press , 1968 ] , pp. 334-41 . )
Other fascist regimes in Europe and Latin America operated similarly .
In light of this experience , one might judge fascist corporatism to have been something of a fraud .
The appearance of rationalized popular participation in government failed to mask the dictatorial character of the system .
Not surprisingly , after World War II , fascism became a dirty word and full - fledged corporatism a discredited program .
Nevertheless , arrangements bearing some similarity to fascisms corporate state developed in the democratic countries of western Europe , most notably in Scandinavia , Austria , and the Netherlands , but also to some extent in other countries .
No one describes these arrangements as fascist ; most commonly they are called neocorporatist .
Neocorporatism ( also known as liberal , social , or societal corporatism , sometimes as tripartism ) shares with fascist corporatism the preference for representation according to membership in functional economic groups rather than according to location .
It disavows , at least rhetorically , fascisms totalitarian aspects and its suppression of individual civil and political rights .
Neocorporatists support the organization of economic interest groups and their participation as prime movers in the formulation , negotiation , adoption , and administration of economic policies backed by the full power of the government .
Political scientists have concluded correctly that the United States is not a corporate state certainly not a corporate state comparable to modern Sweden or Austria .
American interest groups have been too partial in their membership .
Normally the government power they hope to seize has itself been fragmented , divided at each level among executive , legislative , and judicial branches and dispersed among the national , state , and local levels in a federal constitutional system .
Residual allegiance to liberal ideology and its political norms and practices , including limited government and territorial representation in the legislature , has also impeded the development of corporatism .
The American economy is vast and complex .
To bring it within the effective control of a few hierarchical , noncompetitive peak associations , as the fascists tried ( or pretended ) to do in interwar Italy , is almost unthinkable .
The closest peacetime experiment , under the National Industrial Recovery Act during 193335 , did not work and was collapsing of its own weight when the Supreme Court put an end to it .
Nevertheless , recent American history has brought forth a multitude of little corporatisms , arrangements within subsectors , industries , or other partial jurisdictions .
They have drawn on both national and state government powers .
They operate effectively in the defense sector , in many areas of agriculture ; in many professional services , such as medicine , dentistry , and hospital care ; and in a variety of other areas , such as fishery management and urban redevelopment .
These abundant iron triangles  normally involve well - organized private - interest groups ; government regulatory , spending , or lending agencies ; and the congressional subcommittees charged with policy oversight or appropriations .
A political economy in which such arrangements predominate , as they do in the United States , is commonly called interest - group liberalism or neopluralism .
( Elsewhere I have followed Charlotte Twight in calling it participatory fascism . )
But it might just as well be called disaggregated neocorporatism or quasi-corporatism .
Under crisis conditions , all the forces normally obstructing the development of U.S. corporatism diminish .
Since the early twentieth century , in the national emergencies associated with war , economic depression , rapid and accelerating inflation , or large - scale labor disturbances , the national government has responded by adopting policies that consolidate power at the top and extend the scope of its authority .
With power more concentrated and more actively employed , the incentive is greater for latent private - interest groups to organize , increase their membership , suppress their internal disputes , and demand a voice in policy - making .
Government Sponsorship
Far from resenting such a private coalescence of interests , the government usually approves , encourages , and sometimes even sponsors it .
In a crisis , swift action is imperative , and the government needs private interests with whom it can deal quickly while preserving the legitimacy that comes from giving affected parties a role in policy - making .
When the government is imposing unusual restrictions or requirements on the citizens , as it always does during major emergencies , it needs to create the perception , if not the reality , that these burdens have been accepted better yet , proposed and chosenby those who bear them .
National emergencies create conditions in which government officials and private special - interest groups have much to gain by striking political bargains with one another .
The government gains the resources , expertise , and cooperation of the private parties , which are usually essential for the success of its crisis policies .
Private special - interest groups gain the application of government authority to enforce compliance with their cartel rules , which is essential to preclude the free - riding that normally jeopardizes the success of every arrangement for the provision of collective goods to special - interest groups .
Crisis promotes extended politicization of economic life , which in turn encourages additional political organization and bargaining .
In U.S. history , quasi - corporatism has risen and fallen over the course of national emergencies , but each episode has left legacies , accretions of corporatism embedded in the part - elitist , part - pluralist structure of American government .
By now these accretions , taking the form of disaggregated neocorporatist arrangements scattered throughout the economy , add up to a significant part of the political economy .*
* The foregoing discussion is drawn from a much longer , fully documented account in my book Against Leviathan : Government Power and a Free Society ( Oakland , Cal. : The Independent Institute , 2004 ) , pp. 177200 .
Stuart Elliott ,
The Times ’s advertising columnist , is taking a running look at some of the evening ’s Super Bowl commercials :
And that ’s a wrap , ad - wise and otherwise - wise , for Super Bowl XLIV .
There were some surprises near the end of the game in the ad line - up .
Anheuser - Busch InBev added a spot in the fourth quarter , for Bud Light , bringing its total for the game to nine .
Hyundai also added a spot in the fourth quarter , running a commercial for the Hyundai Sonata that had appeared during the pre-game show .
The spot , depicting the workers of the Hyundai plant in Alabama carrying a car from the beginning of its manufacturing to the end , becomes the second in the game using a crowd joining forces to do good ; there was a Budweiser spot with a similar tack , in which townspeople built a human bridge .
E*Trade also bought an additional spot that was originally not in its plans , also in the fourth quarter .
The spot featured five babies ; the first one had three .
There had been speculation that additional commercials would turn up in the game because of the strong demand among advertisers for time during this Super Bowl .
The Ad Bowl inside the Super Bowl may have come to an end .
There are usually no more commercials after the two - minute warning in the fourth quarter .
By a preliminary count , there have been 63 spots in the game , and with two of them the identical spot for Skechers , the final total could be 62 .
A typical Super Bowl has 62 commercials .
This game marked the third in a row that the fourth quarter was close ( well , in this instance , for a while ) .
The old theories about not wanting to buy time in the second half of a game , or especially in the final quarter , may finally be disproved .
More grist for the mill of those who believe there is a misogynistic streak in the Super Bowl spots : a commercial for Bud Light beer in which a loutish man disrupts a women ’s book club .
“ I ’d love to hear you read some words , ” the Neanderthal tells an attractive woman .
The punch line at the end involves a weak play on words on “ Little Women ” : “ I ’m not too picky , you know . ”
Add the Bud Light spot to others for brands like Dodge and Flo TV and there is going to be an intense conversation in the hours and days after the game about Madison Avenue ’s attitude toward women .
There seems to be a theme in many of the Super Bowl spots : the need to reassure men that they are as manly as they hope they are .
That theme recurs in Super Bowl ads because so many of the viewers are men and so many of the products advertised are aimed at them .
For instance , a Dodge spot carried the theme “ Man ’s last stand ” and showed men thinking to themselves about the women in their lives .
The thoughts were not of the type to win plaudits from feminists ; they were grudging and stereotyped , along the lines of “ I will watch your vampire TV shows with you . ”
There was a spot for Flo TV showing a man shopping with a woman for women ’s clothes .
A man observing him was not pleased , admonishing him , “ Change out of that skirt , Jason . ”
A spot for Dockers touched on the theme but more subtly , telling men it is time to “ wear the pants ” and showing scads of them pantsless .
The overly masculine tone is upsetting many people who are posting comments to blogs about the Super Bowl spots , particularly women , who are decrying those spots as misogynistic .
With the third quarter over , here is a wrap - up of the first three quarters , ad - wise .
There were 15 spots in the third quarter , although my count may be off .
Adding 15 to the 15 in the second quarter and 18 in the first brings the total so far to 48 .
Scotts , with a third - quarter spot for Roundup weed killer , was an advertiser that had not been listed in any of the pre-game rosters of Super Bowl advertisers .
And the Google spot in the third quarter was unexpected , too , although tech bloggers had been speculating about it for the last day .
Still a lot of anticipated spots to come , including the first appearance by the Budweiser Clydesdales .
The speculation was indeed true — Google bought a commercial during the Super Bowl .
The spot , appearing in the third quarter , was , as bloggers reported in the last day , promoting Google ’s search function and is part of a series demonstrating search in action .
The spot began with “ study abroad ” in Paris and continued through what seemed to be a whirlwind romance , through “ jobs in Paris , ” “ churches in Paris ” and “ how to assemble a crib ” — with an infant ’s gurgle at the end .
It was just like that sequence from the animated film “ Up , ” showing the married life of the old man , only about three minutes faster .
The spot was tipped off by a Tweet from Google ’s chief executive that alerted everyone to watch the spots during the third quarter .
Men without pants … a Super Bowl XLIV theme .
In the third quarter there was a third spot featuring a pantsless man .
It was for Coca - Cola and showed a man sleepwalking through the veldt , encountering animals .
The other two , also in the third quarter , were for CareerBuilder.com and Dockers .
CBS came in for a considerable amount of criticism before the game when it refused to sell a commercial during the game to a gay dating Web site , ManCrunch.com .
But a gay couple appeared in a spot in the third quarter , for Motorola .
The spot featured Megan Fox in a bathtub wondering what would happen if she was to send a photo of herself out into the world .
Among the vignettes of havoc was a scene of two men in a kitchen .
One slapped the other in the face and the second man slapped back .
The implication was that Ms. Fox ’s naughty pictures could even come between a gay couple .
It was a nice moment of inclusion rather than exclusion .
And here is the halftime report on the commercials .
There were 15 spots in the second quarter , with an asterisk , which added to the 18 in the first quarter totals 33 .
The average Super Bowl has 62 or so commercials of varying lengths , so Super Bowl XLIV is on track to be typical .
The asterisk for the second quarter refers to three spots that will probably not be counted by the USA Today Ad Meter , pollsters , data trackers and the like who obsess over Super Bowl ads .
One was for Papa John ’s pizza , but because it was bought from the National Football League rather than CBS it will not be counted by most folks .
The other two were promotions from CBS itself , one featuring Mark Sanchez of the New York Jets in a “ CBS Cares ” spiel for women ’s heart health and the other a hilarious surprise pitch for “ Late Show With David Letterman . ”
The latter was a sequel to a surprise promotion that CBS ran the last time the network broadcast a Super Bowl , in 2007 .
The spot three years ago had Mr. Letterman with Oprah Winfrey on a couch watching the game together ; the new one added Jay Leno to the mix .
In a news release sent minutes ago by CBS , the network said the new promotion was taped last week at the Ed Sullivan Theater , the home of “ Late Show . ”
For the second time in the second quarter , there were two spots in a row with common content .
The last time , it was spots for CareerBuilder.com and Dockers that both had men without pants .
This time , it was spots for Dr Pepper Cherry soda and a new series on the truTV cable channel , “ N.F.L. Full Contact , ” that both had mini-men .
For Dr Pepper Cherry , the wee men were dressed as members of Kiss .
For the TV series , there was a miniature version of the football star Troy Polamalu .
Kudos to CBS if this is all on purpose .
Who wears the pants in the Super Bowl ?
Maybe no one .
A commercial for CareerBuilder.com after the second quarter began , in which office workers wore only their underwear , was followed by a spot for Dockers in which men were shown pantsless .
The CareerBuilder spot , part of a contest to get consumers to create commercials , was a joke about casual Fridays being taken to their illogical extreme .
The Dockers spot was meant to comment on men needing to “ wear the pants , ” i.e. , be mature enough to be seen in a pair of khakis .
A delightful coincidence or the result of careful planning ?
It may be a Super Bowl ad mystery for the ages .
CBS had a trick up its sleeve with an eye - popping promotional spot that appeared not long after the second quarter started .
The spot showed David Letterman on a sofa watching the game with Jay Leno and Oprah Winfrey .
The spot promoted “ Late Show With David Letterman ” and will certainly get a lot of post - game attention .
It looked as if the improbable trio was actually on the sofa all at the same time .
7:20 p.m. :
The first quarter is over and here is the ad count so far : 18 commercials , including the much - discussed Focus on the Family spot .
Anheuser - Busch InBev and Frito - Lay had the most , three apiece .
The Anheuser - Busch spots were all for Bud Light .
The Frito - Lay spots were all for Doritos and all finalists in its consumer - created “ Crash the Super Bowl ” ad contest .
The company was to run three spots in the game but in an e-mail message a spokesman said that Frito - Lay had an opportunity to buy a fourth spot so there will be another Doritos ad created by a consumer to come .
Universal Pictures followed , with two spots , for the movies “ Robin Hood ” and “ The Wolfman . ”
7:03 p.m. :
It was at 6:43 p.m. Eastern
Time that Super Bowl ad history was made : the first commercial to advocate a side on a contentious public issue was shown .
The spot was , of course , the commercial from Focus on the Family , the evangelical organization , which bought 30 seconds of time from CBS .
The spot was similar to one that the organization ran several times in the pre-game show .
It was the third commercial to be shown during Super Bowl XLIV , after spots in the first quarter for Bud Light beer and Snickers .
The spot , as expected , featured the college football star Tim Tebow and his mother , Pam , who are both against abortion .
The spot never used the word “ abortion , ” and the only nod to the organization ’s anti-abortion stance was the sign off at the end , “ Celebrate family .
Celebrate life . ”
An article in USA Today on Friday suggested that the word was omitted to help smooth the clearance process for the spot to be accepted for airing .
The spot directed viewers to the Focus on the Family Web site , where full information is available about a story Mrs. Tebow has often told about deciding to give birth to Tim despite doctors ’ suggestions she get an abortion .
The spot alluded to Mrs. Tebow ’s story , which received extensive coverage before the commercial appeared , in a couple of ways .
After Mr. Tebow pretends to tackle his mother , she says to him , “ We ’re trying to tell our story here . ”
And on screen these words appeared at the end of the spot : “ For the full Tebow story , go to focusonthefamily.com . ”
The spot was slick and well done ; a casual viewer might not have any idea it was from an organization as opposed to abortion as Focus on the Family .
It used a production style and tone that is typical of Oprah Winfrey : upbeat , seemingly free of ideology , including chirpy music .
The appearance of the spot has opened a debate on whether advocacy and issue ads belong on a Super Bowl , which has become an unofficial midwinter American holiday .
If the answer is yes , there may come a time when watching the Super Bowl will be like watching TV in a swing state like Ohio or Florida the Sunday before a presidential election , with commercials taking sides showing up every couple of minutes .
6:35 p.m. :
One of the last pre-game spots , for McDonald ’s , was a winner .
It was a sequel to a popular spot the company ran in the game in 1993 , called “ The Showdown , ” pitting Michael Jordan and Larry Bird against each other in a game for fast food .
The sequel was great , with LeBron James and Dwight Howard subbing for the original pair of basketball stars .
And Mr. Bird even had a cameo .
The question is , why did n’t McDonald ’s run the spot in the game ?
Was the cost of a spot in the game so much more than one just a few minutes before the game starts ?
6:25 p.m. : Although the Super Bowl is often the program watched each year by more women than any other , there are few signs of that in the line - up of commercials scheduled for the game .
In the final minutes of the pre-game show , there was one spot aimed at women , for L’Oreal , and another , for Quilted Northern bathroom tissue , a product that is more often bought for a household by the woman than the man .
As for the line - up in the game , some products are bought by women as well as men , among them Coca - Cola .
But the lion ’s share of spots will be aimed at men .
Of course , the lopsided focus reflects that Super Bowls are by far the biggest show of the year for male viewers .
Sometimes , though , advertisers reach out to the large female audience by scheduling spots for products meant for women .
One year a commercial for Dove got a lot of attention .
This year there will be a spot for Dove — but for the brand ’s new line for men .
5:20 p.m. :
The organization that is sponsoring what is perhaps the most talked - about commercial to be shown during Super Bowl XLIV is already running an ad .
Focus on the Family , the evangelical organization that has bought a spot in the game , has been running a commercial during the pre-game coverage on CBS .
The pre-game spot , like the spot the group is running during the game , features the college football star Tim Tebow and his mother , Pam , who have both in the past been vocal in their opposition to abortion .
The pre-game spot , which has already run at least three times , shows Mrs. Tebow talking about her “ miracle baby , ” who turns out to be Tim .
He appears at the end , hugging his mother , after which these words appear on screen : “ For the full Tebow story , go to focusonthefamily.com . ”
It is not clear how much or how little the spot in the game will resemble the pre-game spot because Focus on the Family is not disclosing ahead of time any details about its in - game commercial .
The presence of the commercial has been perhaps the biggest advertising story of this Super Bowl because it is probably the first time that an advocacy spot , taking sides on a contentious issue , has been accepted for broadcast during a Super Bowl .
The commercial in the pre-game coverage does not include the word “ abortion , ” and is worded so carefully that an uninformed viewer might not know what the subject of the spot is .
Focus on the Family is a conservative organization that is against abortion and gay rights .
In a video clip on the organization ’s Web site , an official says the Focus on the Family Super Bowl spot is to appear early in the game .
USA Today reported on Friday that it is planned as the third spot in the first commercial break in the first quarter — in other words , the third commercial in the game .
Your random tweets about Android apps and last night 's Glee are stifling the economic recovery .
At least , that 's the buzz among efficiency mavens , who seem to spend all their time adding up microblogging 's fiscal toll .
Last year , Nucleus Research warned that Facebook shaves 1.5 percent off total office productivity ; a Morse survey estimated that on - the - job social networking costs British companies $ 2.2 billion a year .
But for knowledge workers charged with transforming ideas into products — whether gadgets , code , or even Wired articles — goofing off is n't the enemy .
In fact , regularly stepping back from the project at hand can be essential to success .
And social networks are particularly well suited to stoking the creative mind .
Studies that accuse social networks of reducing productivity assume that time spent microblogging is time strictly wasted .
But that betrays an ignorance of the creative process .
Humans were n't designed to maintain a constant focus on assigned tasks .
We need periodic breaks to relieve our conscious minds of the pressure to perform — pressure that can lock us into a single mode of thinking .
Musing about something else for a while can clear away the mental detritus , letting us see an issue through fresh eyes , a process that creativity researchers call incubation .
" People are more successful if we force them to move away from a problem or distract them temporarily , " observe the authors of Creativity and the Mind , a landmark text in the psychology and neuroscience of creativity .
They found that regular breaks enhance problem - solving skills significantly , in part by making it easier for workers to sift through their memories in search of relevant clues .
That does n't mean that employees should feel free to play Minesweeper at will , however .
According to Don Ambrose , a Rider University professor who studies creative intelligence , incubation is most effective when it involves exposing the mind to entirely novel information rather than just relieving mental pressure .
This encourages creative association , the mashing together of seemingly unrelated concepts — a key step in the creative process .
History is full of tales of revelations that were helped along by such conceptual collisions .
Alastair Pilkington came up with the idea for float glass , the inexpensive successor to plate glass , while washing dishes ; the grease that pooled atop the water inspired him to pour molten glass onto melted tin , resulting in a perfectly smooth pane .
And George de Mestral had the initial brainstorm for Velcro during a 1941 hunting trip , when he noticed how difficult it was to pick Alpine burrs off of his clothes .
This means that tweets about Lady Gaga 's lingerie can help someone debugging Perl code .
( Or a tweet about Perl code may help Lady Gaga 's underwear stylist . )
A random scrap of information can trigger just the right conceptual collision .
It 's hard to know which scrap might do the trick , but that 's the beauty of social networks — they constantly produce potential sparks , for free .
The participatory nature of Twitter and Facebook also makes them excellent tools for supercharging creativity .
Users finely craft their bons mots to grab people 's attention and perhaps earn a retweet or two .
As football coaches have long preached , you should practice like you play .
Twitter and Facebook give knowledge workers the chance to turn downtime into a game where creativity and insight are rewarded , if only with digital pats on the back .
Formulating a clever tweet about the latest Clipse record may not have much to do with an engineer 's current project , but it demands far more inspired energy than reading the sports page .
And did n't someone awfully smart once note that excellence , whether intellectual or physical , was a habit ?
Ah , right — it was @THE_REAL_SHAQ .
Hmm , wonder what he 's tweeting right now ?
Let me check .
Contributing editor Brendan I. Koerner ( brendan_koerner@wired.com ) is Wired *'s Mr. Know - It - All .*
What is DeadJournal.com ?
DeadJournal.com is a journal site , but as you will quickly see , not all journal sites are apple pie and fruitcakes .
Here is where you find the journals that nobody else wants to see , or even host .
This is DEFINITELY not to place you write shit in your Facebook about ... or even want your family or most of your friends to read .
This is n't even the place that you write what you 'd write in other journals .
That 's why we 're here .
This is where you write your raw feelings of anger , hate , frustration , sadness , hurt , how you 've been hurt or how you 've hurt other people .
This is where you write about how you were dumped because you were n't willing to compromise yourself for someone who said they loved you , but if they did , they would n't asked you to do that .
This is place you write about how you feel when your soulmate fucked your best friend and expect you to be ok because it was just one time .
We love intelligent pissed off people .
If you 're a pissed off person who can conjugate verbs , hates incompetence , then you MUST sign up now !
Who uses DeadJournal ?
All sorts of people use DeadJournal to record their rants and psychotic and / or sociopathic thoughts ( or sometimes even normal medicated thoughts ) !
We even have famous people who do , but they do n't tell anyone .
We do n't SPAM you with OH NO THEY DIDN'T or other bullshit no one with an IQ wants to read .
How do I use my DeadJournal ?
Figure it out , you 'll be surprised on how easy it is .
If you cant figure it out .. well .... you click the link below .
The Basics
Create A Journal Cave to peer pressure and make your own DeadJournal !
Update Journal Update your DeadJournal from the web .
Download Download a client to update your Deadjournal with .
Journal Administration
Deadunities ! ( communities )
Deadunity ( community ) access
Go to deadunity central !
Search Pages
Page - O- Interests
Look to see who else likes / hates the same stuff you do !
Randomness
Go to a random DeadJournal !
User Search Search for a person on DeadJournal
Other Shiznit
Thank Yous and Mad Propz
See who really made this site what it is .
DeadJournal Disclaimer
See what your rights and our rights are .
Stats Page
See how much we are really hated .
Tech Support
Yemeni water trader Mohammed al - Tawwa runs his diesel pumps day and night , but gets less and less from his well in Sanaa , which experts say could become the world 's first capital city to run dry .
" My well is now 400 meters ( 1,300 feet ) deep and I do n't think I can drill any deeper here , " said Tawwa , pointing to the meager flow into tanks that supply water trucks and companies .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
From dawn , dozens of people with yellow jerricans collect water from a special canister Tawwa has set aside for the poor .
" Sometimes we do n't have any water for a whole week , sometimes for two days and then it stops again , " said Talal al - Bahr , who comes almost daily to supply his family of six .
The West frets that al Qaeda will exploit instability in Yemen to prepare new attacks like the failed December 25 bombing of a U.S. airliner , but this impoverished Arabian peninsula country faces a catastrophe that poses a far deadlier long - term threat .
Nature cannot recharge ground water to keep pace with demand from a population of 23 million expected to double in 20 years .
Article continues : http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE61G21P20100217
Submitted by David Fiderer , courtesy of Huffington Post
Did Societe Generale ever view its $ 1.2 billion investment in Adirondack 2005 - 2 as a buy - and - hold proposition ?
Or was the bank 's original intention to offload the risk on to AIG ?
The answer is central to our understanding of the portfolio of collateralized debt obligations , or CDOs , that wiped out the insurance behemoth .
The circumstances of SG's , and other banks ' , holdings , suggest that CDO market was a Potemkin 's Village , a facade constructed to give the illusion of economic substance to a series of sham transactions .
Adirondack 2005 - 2 is similar to Max CMBS I Ltd. , Series 2008 - 1 , and most of the other billion - dollar - plus exposures that stand out among the transaction details released last week .
Whenever the dollar amount exceeds ten figures , the lion 's share of the entire CDO transaction is usually held by a single bank .
The biggest and most obvious example , disclosed last May , was Max 1 .
Deutsche Bank underwrote the $ 5.8 billion deal , and held on to $ 5.4 billion , a 94 % share .
This should have been a big story at the time .
Max I was one of the largest CDOs ever underwritten , and the fact that Deutsche would have attempted to bring such a deal to market in June 2008 , when everyone was feeling skittish about real estate securitizations , would have been notable in and of itself .
Yet Deutsche was unable to sell off more than a tiny part of the deal .
The fact that the underwriting failed should have been even bigger news .
However no one paid much attention , since no public disclosure was required .
Deutsche quietly offloaded its risk exposure to AIG Financial products .
The same holds true for Altius 2 , a $ 1.5 billion CDO that Goldman underwrote in 2005 .
Goldman retained 75 % , or a $ 1 billion share , which was covered by an AIG credit default swap .
And then in the summer of 2006 , Goldman underwrote West Coast Funding , a $ 2.7 billion deal , of which Goldman retained about $ 2.2 billion , or 82 % .
Though once again , Goldman 's risk amount got credit protection from AIG .
[ Note :
The numbers are approximate , since each bank exposure , as of November 2008 , is compared against the total deal size at closing .
See further explanation at the end of this piece . ]
By the standards of any normal bond underwriting , Goldman 's inability to sell down either Altius 2 or West Coast Funding would have been viewed as a conspicuous failure .
And such news would have inhibited other banks and investors , including monoline insurers , from taking on incremental CDO exposures .
Had the subprime CDO market shut down in 2006 , would there have been any ripple effect on other financial markets or the real economy ?
It 's doubtful , since the CDOs were not financing anything new .
They merely repackaged versions of mortgage bonds that had already been sold into the marketplace .
The AIG portfolio also reveals other examples wherein Goldman 's sell - down efforts met with apparent success .
But that success was reliant on a single favored customer , Societe Generale .
Goldman sold 75 % of Adirondack 2 , 68 % of Altius I , 73 % of G Street , 86 % of Sierra Madre 2004 , and 70 % of Davis Square Funding VI to SG .
These transactions are highly complex , with all sorts of pitfalls embedded in the documentation , which is one reason why it 's highly unusual for one bank to buy 70 % of another bank 's structured finance deal .
It 's even more unusual when the relevant amount approaches a billion dollars .
Why would SG have taken on a risk concentration of such magnitude , unless it knew at the onset that the risk would be neutralized by AIG ?
According to an internal AIG memo from November 2007 , SG never took a proactive role in monitoring the market values of these CDO investments .
The bank relegated that job to Goldman .
It 's one thing to outsource that role when you hold a small slice of another bank 's deal .
It 's quite another thing when you hold the dominant controlling share .
You would think SG would have a keen interest in determining the amount of cash margin it would receive from AIG to cover the CDOs ' purported decline in value .
The AIG memo states :
Sogen do not calculate prices themselves and simply ask the dealer they bought the bond from [ i.e. Goldman ] for a current estimate of the current levels [ of estimated market values ] and they then pass this level on to us ...
At the time , SG asserted that the market value of its holdings in those six CDOs was between 64 % and 87 % of par .
Of course , the entire notion of marking to market these CDOs was a bit of a fiction , as noted in an earlier piece about Goldman 's relationship with AIG .
Goldman did the same thing as SG .
It bought a couple of billion - plus slices , representing the dominant ownership shares , of another bank 's CDOs .
Goldman 's seller of choice was Merrill Lynch .
And of course , the risk for those investments was covered by credit default swaps sold by AIG .
That 's why you have to wonder if these transactions were put together as package deals - to give the illusion that the banks '
CDO activity was a reflection of legitimate market demand , and not an elaborate scheme of three - card monte .
Explainer on amounts and percentages : Most of the CDOs , and the banks ' nominal CDO investments , had amortized subsequent their initial closings .
There has been no public disclosure , so far , of the size of the partially amortized CDOs as of November 2008 , when the banks sold their CDOs to the government at par .
Nor has there been any disclosure of the CDO amounts acquired by the banks before any amortization .
The comparison between a bank 's individual slice and the overall deal size is , admittedly , an apples - and - orange comparison .
But the flaw in this approach does not undercut the thesis , which is about order of magnitude .
This approach understates the extent to which these individual banks held large and dominant shares of individual CDOs .
I ’ve been working with Unity3d for some time now and I could n’t really make good use of the coroutines because I was unable to truly understand them .
After some time playing with them and making some experiments I realized their true power .
I could n’t believe what I was missing !
So , a couple of fellow game devs asked me to explain the concept to them .
I decided that a blog post was the perfect way to do it and , at the same time , share this with everyone .
Coroutines : Special type of functions ( in the programming sense ) that allows to stop it ’s own execution until certain condition is met .
A coroutine looks like this ( on javascript , the C# version is here ) :
function MyCoroutine ( ) { DoSomething ( ) : yield ; // Mystery here DoSomethingElse ( ) ; }
When you invoke this function ( start the coroutine ) it will behave just like any other normal function you have ever seen , until it reaches the yield instruction .
The yield instruction explained :
The yield instruction works like a return statement in the sense that it stops the execution of the function and returns control to the code that invoked that function .
The main difference is that the yield instruction lets you delay the execution of the code that is after it ( in the last example , the DoSomething Else ( ) statement ) .
function MyCoroutine ( ) { DoSomething ( ) : // Do this immediately yield ; // Return control to the caller DoSomethingElse ( ) ; // This will be executed one frame later } void Start ( ) { MyCoroutine ( ) ; }
What happens if you have more code after the MyCoroutine call ?
Let ’s see an example with some prints :
function MyCoroutine ( ) { print ( " This is printed second " ) ; yield ; // Return control to the Start function print ( " This is printed one fourth , exactly one frame after the third " ) ; } void Start ( ) { print ( " This is printed first " ) ; MyCoroutine ( ) ; print ( " This is printed third " ) ; }
You can control when do the code after the yield instruction will be executed .
It depends on the parameter of the yield instruction , according to the following table
Nothing :
It will wait one frame
Another coroutine invocation :
It will wait until the invoked coroutine finishes execution
A WaitForSeconds object :
It will wait certain amount of time
Confused ?
Here are the examples :
function MyCoroutine ( ) { DoSomething ( ) : // Do this immediately yield WaitForSeconds ( 2 ) ; //Return control to the caller DoSomethingElse ( ) ; // This will be executed 2 seconds after } void Start ( ) { MyCoroutine ( ) ; }
function MyCoroutine ( ) { DoSomething ( ) : // Do this immediately yield MyOtherCoroutine ( ) ; // Go and execute MyOtherCoroutine ! DoSomethingElse ( ) ; // This will be executed after MyOtherCoroutine finished execution } function MyOtherCoroutine ( ) { DoStuff ( ) : // Do this immediately yield WaitForSeconds ( 2 ) ; //Return control to the caller ( in this case the Start function ) DoMoreStuff ( ) ; // This will be executed 2 seconds after // MyOtherCoroutine finishes execution here } void Start ( ) { MyCoroutine ( ) ; }
As you can see , coroutines are very powerful and easy to use once you understand how they work .
I will post some usage examples and the C# version of the scripts on this post soon .
Up Helly
Aa in pictures : Viking festival in Lerwick , Shetland Islands
Members of the Viking Jarl Squad march with burning torches during the annual Up Helly Aa Festival , Lerwick , Shetland Islands , .
Up Helly
Aa celebrates the influence of the Scandinavian vikings in the Shetland Islands and has employed this theme since 1870 .
Up Helly
Aa is held on the last Tuesday in January every year , whatever the weather
It ’s a nightmare that anyone with a Twitter account is vaguely afraid of , but no one before the year 2005 would have ever dreamed of having to worry about : Major Garrett , Fox News ’
White House correspondent , accidentally tweeted the wrong link to his 13,059 followers .
He intended to send out a shortened link to a transcript of last night ’s State of the Union address .
Instead , the link that went out was one to a Las Vegas call - girl website .
Gawker managed to nab the series of tweets before he took them down :
“ To overcome the numbing weight of our politics ” and other Obama SOTU excerpts http://bit.ly/d6W
Wed 27 Jan 18:22 Horrified , he deleted and explained : I apologize .
Bit.ly turned my original link to SOTU excerpts to a soft - porn link .
NOT my intention .
http://bit.ly/d6WZBu
Wed 27 Jan 19:21
The link just posted works .
Any frequent visitor here knows that is not my style .
Sorry .
Shld have caught it sooner .
Wed 27 Jan 19:23
Enraged , he admonished and ordered :
As Gawker observes , it ’s extremely unlikely that bit.ly would make that kind of error .
But why would Washington - based Garrett be looking up a Vegas - based website like that ?
If Garrett joins the press corps on Obama ’s trip to Vegas later in February , we guess we ’ll have an answer .
Lessons in the Danger of Copying and Pasting [ Gawker ]
Not to sound like an old - timer , but I can recall an age when appearing on a cover ( yes , even a variant ) meant a character , however limited their role , would at least grace a storyline in some small capacity .
That age is dead and Deadpool killed it .
Personally , I do n't mind .
I drew Ed McGuinness ' DP on every third homework assignment I filled out through seventh grade .
Still , I take notice when Marvel 's February line bears more than two dozen ' Pool covers , even if most are just variants .
All told the Merc With a Mouth graces 21 variant covers , all of which play to DP 's comedic strengths by employing fan - friendly gags .
In the spirit of sharing , we 've assembled a gallery of every Poolarized issue along with its variant for a side - by - side comparison designed to demonstrate a world with and without Wade Wilson .
Take a look to see which one you 'd rather live in this month after the jump ...
DETROIT BOMBER INCIDENT : PLAYING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE , AGAIN
By : Devvy
January 1 , 2010
ï¿½ 2009 - NewsWithViews.com
Terrorism is serious .
No question we 're all deeply concerned about terrorists coming across our borders while Congress and the last five presidents have sat on their backsides , making half - baked efforts to seal up the borders , hunt down the illegals and get them out of our country .
America has paid a terrible price from the slaughter of our citizens by illegal aliens .
All we have seen is Band Aids since Ronald Reagan opened the flood gates and our brave U.S. Border Patrol agents treated as nothing but political pawns .
Much has been written about Northwest Flight 253 originating in Amsterdam .
It became immediately obvious to many there was something wrong with the story .
William Norman Grigg , one of my favorite columnists , wrote an excellent piece , The Old ' False Flag Trick ' [ 1 ]
In that column , William reminds Americans that the FBI was running a dangerous operation in NYC which resulted in the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993 .
Oh , yes , they did and six people died .
Not a single FBI personnel was ever held accountable for murder :
" The New York Times later reports on Emad Salem , an undercover agent who will be the key government witness in the trial against Yousef .
Salem testifies that the FBI knew about the attack beforehand and told him they would thwart it by substituting a harmless powder for the explosives .
However , an FBI supervisor called off this plan , and the bombing was not stopped .
[ New York Times , 10/28/1993 ]
" Other suspects were ineptly investigated before the bombing as early as 1990 .
Several of the bombers were trained by the CIA to fight in the Afghan war , and the CIA later concludes , in internal documents , that it was “ partly culpable ” for this bombing ( see January 24 , 1994 ) .
[ Independent , 11/1/1998 ] 9/11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed is an uncle of Yousef and also has a role in the WTC bombing ( see March 20 , 1993 ) .
[ Independent , 6/6/2002 ; Los Angeles Times , 9/1/2002 ]
One of the attackers even leaves a message which will later be found by investigators , stating , “ Next time , it will be very precise . ”
[ Associated Press , 9/30/2001 ] "
" This factual accounting of Salem and the sting operation came out during trial and cannot be disputed .
What shocked me is that for once , the truth actually appeared in the NY Times , which , unfortunately , has become nothing more than a propaganda rag over the years .
At the time , millions of Americans should have demanded not only criminal indictments against the FBI personnel involved , but the removal of the Director of the FBI and the Attorney General for allowing this act of terrorism to happen .
It did n't happen , either because Americans did n't know or did n't care . " [ 2 ]
At that time , the Butcher of Waco , Janet Reno , conducted the investigation into her own people .
Now , another equally inept political animal , Janet Napolitano , is vowing to " fix it . "
One of the things that struck me most odd was the photo ABC News put out regarding the would be bomber 's under wear .
Here 's this guy sitting on what is alleged to be a bomb that would blow his backside to the 72 Virgins in the sky playground .
He 's hidden the bomb in his under wear with a built in panty pouch , but that pouch where the bomb caught fire , is still quite visible and clean looking . [ 3 ]
Additionally , as I wrote in a short note for my email alert list :
" But , this latest incident reads eerily similar to an episode of Law & Order where a young man had problems with girls .
The character was also in emotional turmoil over seeking God and peace for himself .
Ripe for the picking .
In that episode , the script is quite similar to the one on Christmas Day .
Both young men .
Both socially inept .
Both seeking God. Both embrace Islam .
Both turn to terrorism . "
In mid-December 2009 , the outlaws in the U.S. House of Representatives voted a 60 - day extension on three provisions of the anti-Bill of Rights " Patriot " Act .
A new act of terrorism on an incoming flight to an American airport should seal the deal when it comes up for a vote soon .
Grigg points out in his column : " Owing to what must have been an anguished report from his father , Umar Abdulmutallab was known to the CIA and the State Department as a potential terrorist .
Umar Abdulmutallab the elder , a banking official from Nigeria , met personally with CIA officials to express concerns that his son – who had gone to Yemen for the supposed purpose of studying Arabic – was falling into the company of suspected terrorists . "
Certainly , the question begs to be answered :
Why was n't this guy 's name and face plastered all over airport security offices ?
Why did n't the CIA put out a world wide bulletin to all airports that Abdulmutallab's own father considered him so dangerous , he took the time to meet with CIA officials and warn them ?
Reminds me of another " failure . "
John Ashcroft rejecting warnings in the strongest language of a terrorist attack in the summer of 2001 - ' Ashcroft Personally Rejected Specific Warnings of Impending Terrorist Attacks During Summer of 2001 ' .
Patrick Briley , one of the most respected researchers in this country on the OKC bombing wrote that piece and it should be read by everyone . [ 4 ]
Who is to be held accountable ?
The government of The Netherlands as well as the airport officials at the Amsterdam airport .
But , wait !
Supposedly , allegedly , the U.S. somehow " ... prevented Dutch authorities from installing full body scanners before the suspected Christmas Day bomb plotter passed through security at Amsterdam 's airport , the Dutch government claimed today . " [ 5 ]
How is it that the U.S. government can dictate to another foreign government what they can and cannot install at their own airports ?
Grigg reprints an important interview from an eyewitness to Abdulmutallab 's boarding on that flight .
The one who should be tracked down and questioned is the " well - dressed , official looking fellow from India . "
He was so obviously Abdulutallab 's handler .
Moving the herds in the desired direction
Yesterday on FOX News Network , one of their simple minded hosts , Dave Briggs , blurted out :
Get those full body scanners in all airports .
If it means getting naked in front of them to make my family safe , then I say do it !
Briggs has already given his consent to get down on his knees and fitted with chains of bondage .
Not to mention how dangerous those scanners are to your health : Full - Body Scanners to Fry Travelers With Radiation .
Why do you think the dentist puts a protective cover over your body when they do x-rays of your mouth ?
Advertisement
Those scanners are not going stop these zealots .
Making sure every pilot is armed , as was routine only two months prior to 9/11 [ 6 ] , will send a clear signal :
Try it and we will shoot your ass dead and sort out the legal details later .
Adopt the same procedures as El Al , the Israeli airline system that has not had an attack on their planes in 30 years . [ 7 ]
I submit to you that there is a deeper , darker agenda at work here .
It will be some time before any journalist will be able to get ahold of the FBI lab reports on the explosive and amount inside Abdulutallab 's underwear via a FOIA ( Freedom of Information Act ) .
Perhaps never if the feds do n't want us to see it ; the old " national security " exemption .
I am truly thankful that no one was injured or killed on that flight .
But , after 20 years of watching what has gone on in this country and a zillion hours of research , I firmly believe that very disturbed man was a patsy from the get go .
In order to advance the agenda for complete control , it is necessary to continue using fear and the specter of mass terror to get Americans to give up more and more of their freedoms for the illusion of " being kept safe . "
If you do n't know how the game is played , the game will play you .
Jeri Lynn Ball is a gifted writer and determined researcher .
Like so many other dedicated Americans who love this country , she has written about the plans and methods being used to create the " new Soviet man . "
Her books ( Masters of Seduction , The Great Communitarian Hoax and others ) are out of print and difficult to find .
She has never been given the credit so richly deserves for all her hard work over the years .
One has to understand how propaganda is being used and the ultimate goal .
Jeri explains it so succinctly here :
The Totalitarian Vision of “ Human Reconstruction ”
" The same year they wrote “ The Program , ” Communist architects and social engineers began to implement their plans for the globalist , communistic New World Order , commencing with the transformation of all humans into supporters of totalitarianism .
Nikolai Bukharin had previously written “ that the revolution 's principle task was to ‘ alter people 's actual psychology . ’ ”
" In 1928 Bukharin stated that “ one of the first priorities is the question of the systematic preparation of new men , the builders of [ totalitarian ] socialism . ”
In his book , Soviet Civilization , Andrei Sinyavsky states that the “ idea of the new man is the cornerstone of Soviet civilization . ”
The “ new man ” is in fact the indispensable , fundamental basis of all totalitarian societies .
Totalitarianism requires the support , approval , and fearful veneration of the masses ; if the “ new men and women ” had not been created , totalitarianism would not exist today .
" The Communists planned to create not only a new way of life , but new human beings .
They sought to achieve not only the reconstruction of social and cultural institutions , but reconstruction of human beings .
Communist totalitarianism has undergone tremendous growth over the past century only because it has “ the support of a man of a new social and psychological type ” — the “ new communitarian ( Communist ) man . ”
A communitarian is a member of a communistic community .
A communitarian adopts and advocates communistic concepts , such as a spirit of community , selfless commitment to community service , and the duty to work for “ the common good . ”
The terms “ Communist ” and “ communitarian ” are synonyms and are interchangeable , but the word “ communitarian ” connotes a sense of community and a spirit of collectivism . "
Please take the time to read these few pages from Jeri's book , The Clash of Civilizations : The U.S. and Communist Ruling Elites .
Americans must take the time to learn what the communitarian philosophy is so they can understand the agenda .
The communist Chinese , the U.S. government and the Soviets are in league together to bring about a horrific , brutal one world government .
The communitarian philosophy ( communist morality ) is taught to vulnerable young Americans in several universities in this country .
Please take the time to learn and understand what communitarian means because it is an ideology that is being inculcated into the minds of the American people who are in effect , becoming active players in destroying our republic .
See : The Historical Evolution of Communitarian Thinking
" We are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth ...
For my part , I am willing to know the whole truth ; to know the worst ; and to provide for it . "
Patrick Henry
Do n't let " progressives " ( socialists and communists ) or the blood thirsty , war mongering neo-cons keep you from learning the truth .
Marxist Obama / Soetoro has simply picked up where Bush left off . [ 8 ]
Research takes time , but it 's the only way to learn the methods being used to destroy us and defeat them .
This weekend , no college or NFL football game , trip to the mall or movie theater is more important than becoming educated on how Americans are being manipulated and unifying against these masters of evil .
Open your eyes , America .
The painful truth is right there to see .
What has been the reaction of the American people over the Northwest Flight 253 incident ?
The polls are showing between 72 - 76 % of Americans are ready to line up , allow themselves to be stripped naked in front of a scanner and exposed to ionizing radiation .
Operation Abdulmutallab can be considered a success - unless millions refuse to fly .
Congress and the airlines will get the message loud and clear .
Footnotes :
1. The Old ' False - Flag Trick '
2. Mainstream media will be complicit in next terrorist attacks
3 . The Bomber 's Briefs
4. Ashcroft Personally Rejected Specific Warnings of Impending Terrorist Attacks During Summer of 2001
5. US ' stopped Dutch installation of full body scanners '
6. Armed pilots banned 2 months before 9- 11
7. Issac Yeffet : Former Head of Israeli El Al Airlines
Five minute video
8. AlFuqra : US Islamic Terror Network Protected
by FBI , US State Department
Links :
1 - Bombshell Eyewitness ( Attorney ) Revelations : Confirmed FBI Cover - Up Of Flight 253 Attack
2 - FAA Inspector ’s Testimony to the 9/11 Commission
3 - Airline security and the debate over arming pilots
4 - Hillary Clinton 's Agency Issued the Terrorist's Visa
5 - Are Americans Blackmailed with " Imminent Terrorism " ?
ï¿½ 2010 - NewsWithViews.com - All Rights Reserved
Sign Up For Free E-Mail Alerts
E -Mails are used strictly for NWVs alerts , not for sale
Devvy Kidd authored the booklets , Why A Bankrupt America and Blind Loyalty ; 2 million copies sold .
Devvy appears on radio shows all over the country .
She left the Republican Party in 1996 and has been an independent voter ever since .
Devvy is n't left , right or in the middle ; she is a constitutionalist who believes in the supreme law of the land , not some political party .
Devvy 's regularly posted new columns are on her site at : www.devvy.com.
You can also sign up for her free email alerts .
E-mail is : devvyk@earthlink.net
Oregon City is a thriving historic community of approximately 35,000 located at the confluence of the Willamette and Clackamas Rivers just a few miles southeast of Portland , Oregon .
The first incorporated city west of the Rocky Mountains , Oregon City is the county seat of Clackamas County ( pop. 386,143 ) , served as the first capitol city of the Oregon Territory , and is the terminal site of the epic Oregon Trail .
Today , Oregon City is a full service metropolitan community reflecting the character of it's rich history while offering nearly instant access to all of the amenties within the Portland area , including a plethora of opportunities to enjoy arts , culture , retail , employment , medical services , education , and recreation that contribute to the exceptional quality of life in Oregon City .
The City Manager reports to a five member City Commission that includes the Mayor and Commission President .
The City 's 2010 / 11 annual budget is nearly $ 91 million with an additional $ 11 million dedicated to capital projects within the City 's Urban Renewal District .
The City Manager is responsible for the development and administration of each of these budgets as well as all daily operations of the city , including various municipal departments charged with the delivery of services for police , public works , community services , human resources , library , finance , community development and administration .
England ( 6 ) 16
Tries : Cole Cons : Wilkinson Pens : Wilkinson 2 Drop-goals : Wilkinson
Ireland ( 8 ) 20
Tries : Bowe 2 , Earls Cons : O'Gara Pens : Sexton By James Standley
A fine brace of tries from Ireland wing Tommy Bowe ended England 's Grand Slam hopes at Twickenham .
Ireland took the lead through Bowe 's early try and a penalty from Johnny Sexton , to two from Jonny Wilkinson , gave the Irish an 8 - 6 half - time lead .
A Keith Earls try saw Ireland lead by seven points before Wilkinson converted Dan Cole 's try to make it 13 - 13 .
Wilkinson then put England ahead with a drop - goal but Bowe 's late try and Ronan O'Gara 's conversion saw Ireland home .
It was a thrilling end to a match which had struggled for much of the 80 minutes to catch light at a soggy Twickenham .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
England dominated possession in the second half and Ireland were forced to defend for long periods but it was the visitors who had the greater cutting edge and their ability to take their chances was ultimately the difference between the two sides .
Bowe was one of the stars of the Lions tour and his finishing ensured Ireland made it six wins in seven matches against England .
Going into the game both sides had experienced a difficult couple of weeks since their previous outings , despite their differing results .
606 : DEBATE
What a poor game of rugby but I am pleased the more creative team won despite cheering on England
wales71 England had been roundly criticised for their turgid performance in beating Italy while Ireland had been forced to regroup after a 12 - game unbeaten run came to an end as they were taken apart by France .
Ireland coach Declan Kidney had responded by dropping fly - half O'Gara in favour of 24 - year - old Sexton in one of four changes , but England boss Martin Johnson had kept faith with the XV that started in Rome .
Johnson had beseeched his side to up their game but the hosts made a poor start as Wilkinson fluffed his opening kick - off and only 15 seconds later had the ball plucked from his grasp by the soaring Bowe from a hanging kick .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It was an inauspicious start for the fly - half , the all - time leading points scorer in Test history , whose recent performances have been put under the microscope as England struggle to make an impression at the top of the world game .
However , the Toulon man is nothing if not a fighter and he soon got England on the front foot with a snappy half - break , only for his luck to turn as he found himself inadvertently involved as Ireland took the lead with a fine counter - attacking try after only four minutes .
Wilkinson claimed a loose ball but could do little as he was swamped by the rampaging Ireland pack .
Ireland turned the ball over and Jamie Heaslip and Stephen Ferris made ground before feeding Sexton to slide home the stiletto .
The Leinster man dummied to fix the covering defence before threading through a pin-point kick for Bowe to outpace Lewis Moody and score a fine try out wide , with Sexton missing the conversion .
The score was against the run of play and after re-establishing control of both territory and possession England finally got on the board when Wilkinson , who had earlier hit the post with a penalty , made no mistake with his second attempt .
A penalty apiece from Sexton and Wilkinson meant Ireland led 8 - 6 at the break and both fly - halves were then off target early in the second half , before Ireland scored their second try of the game .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ireland scrum - half Tomas O'Leary refused to give the ball to Danny Care after being penalised and when Care tangled with his opposite number the England number nine was penalised for retaliation .
Ireland kicked the penalty to the corner and after an initial drive was held up a crisp pass sent Earls over in the corner for an unconverted try to make it 13 - 6 .
On a day of few chances it looked as though it would be the crucial score but England hit back to level things on the hour when tight - head prop Cole burrowed over from close range .
Wilkinson 's conversion made it 13 - 13 and Ireland suffered a major blow two minutes later as captain Brian O'Driscoll was stretchered off after being accidentally kneed in the head by team - mate Paul O'Connell .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
With 10 minutes to go England finally made their possession tell as Wilkinson slotted a right - foot drop - goal to give the hosts the lead for the first time .
But Ireland are not the defending champions for nothing and when they won good ball at a line - out Bowe cut a superb line past Wilkinson before rounding Ugo Monye for a marvellous try .
O'Gara 's conversion took the visitors more than a kick clear and England 's desperate final attack was in vain .
England : D Armitage , Cueto , Tait , Flutey , Monye , Wilkinson , Care , Payne , Hartley , Cole , Shaw , borthwick , Haskell , Moody , Easter .
Replacements : Foden for D Armitage ( 49 ) , P Hodgson for Care ( 73 ) , Mears for Hartley ( 64 ) , Wilson for Cole ( 73 ) , Deacon for Shaw ( 4 ) , Worsley for Moody ( 55 ) .
Not Used : Flood .
Ireland : G Murphy ; Bowe , B O'Driscoll , D'Arcy , Earls ; Sexton , O'Leary ; Healy , R Best , Hayes , O'Callaghan , O'Connell , Ferris , D Wallace , Heaslip .
Replacements : Trimble for B O'Driscoll ( 64 ) , O'Gara for Sexton ( 69 ) , Buckley for Hayes ( 63 ) , Cullen for O'Callaghan ( 69 ) , Jennings for D. Wallace ( 70 ) .
Not Used : Cronin , Reddan .
Att : 81,554 Ref : Mark Lawrence ( South Africa ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tokyo , Japan ( CNN ) --
Tens of thousands of residents began evacuating Sunday morning from coastal Japan in anticipation of a possible tsunami following Chile 's 8.8 - magnitude earthquake .
The northern part of the main island was looking at the possibility of a tsunami at least 9 feet high , according to the Japan Meteorological Agency .
Rail service was halted in coastal areas and residents were urged to evacuate low - lying areas of the island nation .
The warning primarily affected fishing areas and tourist areas ; major cities like Tokyo , which is inland , were not affected .
Sunday 's alert was Japan 's first major tsunami warning in more than 15 years , the agency reported .
A tsunami spawned by Chile 's 1960 earthquake killed 140 people in Japan .
On Saturday , tsunami warnings from Chile 's temblor initially covered the entire Pacific region , but they were canceled less than 18 hours later except for Russia , Japan and the Philippines .
The Philippines Institute of Volcanology and Seismology issued a Level - 2 tsunami alert for the east coast of the Philippines .
A Level - 2 alert means people are advised to stay away from the shoreline ; residents near coastal areas facing the Pacific Ocean are advised to go farther inland .
Meanwhile , an official with the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said the island chain of Hawaii " dodged a bullet " after smaller - than - expected waves were reported .
Coast Guard crews said they had found no significant damage to ports or waterways as a result of the tsunami .
" There was no assessment of any damage in any county , which is quite remarkable , " said Gov. Linda Lingle , who said witnesses had reported seeing " dramatic surges going on in the ocean . "
The only airport that was shut , the Hilo airport on Hawaii , reopened late in the afternoon .
" If people have a confirmed reservation they can go to the airport now and they will be able to catch their flights , " Lingle said .
The center also canceled warnings for Chile , Peru , Ecuador , Colombia , Antarctica , Panama , Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Pitcairn , Honduras , El Salvador , Guatemala , French Polynesia , Mexico , the Cook Islands , Kiribati , Kermadec Island , Niue , New Zealand , Tonga , American Samoa , Jarvis Island , Wallis - Futuna , Tokelau , Fiji , Australia , Palmyra Island , Pojnston Island , Marshall Island , Midway Island , Wake Island , Tuvalu , Vanuatu , Howland - Baker , New Caledonia , Solomon Island , Nauru , Kosrae , Papua New Guinea , Pohnpei , Chuuk , Marcus Island , Indonesia , North Marianas , Guam , Yap , Belau , Philippines and Taiwan .
Earlier , Hawaiian residents had scrambled to stock up on water , gas and food as sirens pierced the early morning quiet across the islands ahead of the tsunami .
Roads to beaches and other low - lying areas were closed and seaside hotels moved guests to higher ground .
Are you in Hawaii , Japan or Russia ?
Send your images , videos
Tsunami waves came ashore along the Chilean coast shortly after the earthquake , U.S. Geological Survey geophysicist Victor Sardina told CNN .
He said the largest was 9 feet near the quake 's epicenter .
Another wave , 7.7 feet , hit the Chilean town of Talcahuano , according to Eric Lau of the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center .
Video from the town showed one car sitting in a large expanse of water , boats littering the docks and widespread flood damage .
A large wave on the island of Juan Fernandez -- 400 miles ( 643 km ) off Chile 's coast -- killed three people , Provincial Governor Ivan De La Maza said .
Ten people were missing .
Navigational buoys in Ventura County , California , sustained minor damage as a result of a 2 - foot surge and waves , according to the Alaska Tsunami Warning Center .
The Ventura County Fire Department had one report of damage to a resident 's dock from the surge .
In 1960 , the tsunami triggered by the Chilean earthquake destroyed much of downtown Hilo and killed 61 people , according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
The earthquake had a magnitude between 8.25 and 8.5 , the USGS said , and the waves in Hilo Bay reached 35 feet , but only 3 to 17 elsewhere .
CNN 's Kyung Lah , Mike Ahlers , Thelma Gutierrez , Carey Bodenheimer and Junko Ogura contributed to this report
I have looked at quite a few Google Adwords accounts as part of a 1 - day consulting package I do for other microISVs and small software vendors .
I have also talked to a lot of people at conferences and on forums about Adwords .
It clear that a lot of people are wasting a lot of money on Google Adwords , sometimes with really basic mistakes .
For example :
paying $ 1.50 per click to advertise a $ 20 utility
paying $ 1 per click for an expensive , English language only development tool in some of the poorest , non-English speaking countries in the world .
Ouch .
Below I list 5 great ways to waste money in Adwords .
I have seen them far too often .
I have considerable admiration for what Google has achieved .
But I think Larry and Sergey are probably rich enough already .
I would like to see a lot less people throwing money at them and getting nothing useful in return .
1 . Do n’t use conversion tracking
With conversion tracking you decide a goal to track ( typically a customer buys your software ) and put a small script provided by Google on the appropriate page ( e.g. the ‘ thank you for buying ’ page ) .
Google will then use cookie tracking to calculate the cost per conversion for your ads and keywords .
It is that simple and you can set it up in a few minutes .
I ca n’t understand why anyone would n’t use conversion tracking .
With conversion tracking you will soon notice that some ads and keywords convert consistently better than others , often much better .
Armed with this information you can optimise Adwords by changing bid prices and deleting under performing ads .
Without conversion tracking it is pure guess work .
Conversion tracking is n’t perfect :
Adwords cookies time out after 30 days .
If someone buys 31 days after they click your ad it wo n’t be tracked .
And the cookie may be pushed out of the cache before 30 days .
If someone clicks your ad on one computer and then buys it on another computer ( or even using a different browser on the same computer ) the conversion wo n’t be tracked .
Some customers may have cookies disabled .
But imperfect data has to be better than no data .
Obviously the 30 day limit on cookies is problematic if you are selling software with a sales cycle that is typically 30 days or longer ( e.g. software with a 30 day trial ) .
In that case you are probably better off tracking downloads , rather than sales .
The fact that someone takes time to download your software , rather than bouncing straight out of your site , at least shows some interest .
If you have stats which show your typical download to sale ratio ( and you should ) you can use this to work out what a download is worth , and set your bid price accordingly .
2 . Do n’t use negative keywords
My own experiences with Adwords quickly showed me that people will click an ad , even if it is n’t at all relevant to what they are searching for .
For example people searching for “ 747 seating plan ” will click on an ad with the title “ wedding seating plan ” .
It is the nature of the web that people are surfing rather than reading , and clicking on an irrelevant ad does n’t cost them anything .
You can avoid a lot of wasted clicks with carefully set - up negative keywords .
For example , you can be sure that I have “ 747 ” set up as a negative keyword .
Ways to find negative keywords include :
Generating ‘ Search Query Performance ’ reports from Google Adwords reporting
looking through your web logs / analytics for the sort of terms people are typing into search engines to find your site
using Google ’s keyword suggestion tool
using Google suggest
There is also a useful list of negative keyword suggestions on Alwin Hoogerdijk ’s blog .
3 . Advertise in developing countries
Over a billion people have access to the Internet .
Many of them are in developing countries and are n’t realistically going to buy your software due to a combination of : cost ( even $ 20 is a lot of money to people in many developing countries ) , payment issues ( they may not have access to credit cards ) , language issues ( your software is n’t localised for them ) and cultural issues ( there just is n’t much respect for intellectual property and copyright in many parts of the developing world ) .
But that certainly wo n’t stop them clicking on your ads and you still have to pay for the clicks .
Start with wealthy countries where plenty of people speak a language your software has been localised into .
If you really think you might be able to make a return in developing countries , then test it by creating a separate campaign that only runs in these countries and set your bids much lower ( it is very easy to duplicate a campaign with Adwords Editor ) .
4 . Bid too much
Lets use an example :
Your software sells for $ 30 , of which you get $ 20 after subtracting ecommerce fees and average support costs .
Your typical visit to sale conversion ratio is about 1 % .
That means you will only break even if you pay $ 0.20 per click through Adwords .
Personally I find it hard to justify paying more than 50 % of my profit to Google .
So I would n’t bid more than $ 0.10 per click .
If I could n”t get any impressions at $ 0.10 per click I would try to either improve my quality score ( e.g. improve my ads or delete keywords with low clickthrough rates ) or find cheaper ‘ long tail ’ keywords to bid on .
Paying $ 0.20 or more just to ‘ get on the first page ’ of Google is crazy ( unless perhaps , it is a loss leader for market research purposes ) .
You ca n’t make up on volume what you lose on each sale !
5 . Do n’t monitor your results
Leaving your adwords campaign running for months on ‘ auto pilot ’ is ill - advised .
Adwords is a constantly changing landscape .
Google is continually changing the system and your competitors are coming and going and changing their Adwords campaigns and their products .
So you need to continuously monitor how you are doing .
Google makes this very easy .
For example , you can just set up Adwords reporting to email you a weekly summary of the number of conversions and the cost per conversion for each adgroup .
A quick glance through this will let you know if things are going awry .
Conclusion
Adwords can be a very responsive , cost effective and well targeted form of advertising , if you take the time to learn the ropes and experiment .
Below is a graph of my return on investment from Adwords for my table planning software over 5 years ( almost certainly an underestimate due to the short - comings of conversion tracking , as discussed above ) .
You can see that , after a few months finding my way , I was able to get a consistent ROI of around 4 or 5 to 1 and maintain this in the face of increasing competition .
Adwords is a complex system and the defaults are weighted in the house ’s favour .
In this article I have only touched on a few of the biggest mistakes I see .
Google will give you plenty of rope to hang yourself and there are lots of other , less obvious ways to lose money .
You really need to take the time to learn the system and experiment if you are going to have any chance of getting a decent return .
When I started with Adwords 5 years ago I read the Perry Marshall e-book on Adwords ( beware – long copy ! ) .
I found it quite helpful .
I assume they have kept it up to date .
If nothing else , you will learn what it is like to be relentlessly marketed and upsold to .
Google also has lots of free Adwords documentation and videos .
If you go to conferences such as SIC or ESWC it well worth listening to Adwords specialists such as Dave Collins of softwarepromotions.com ( formerly sharewarepromotions.com ) talk about Adwords .
There is also lots of useful information in the blogosphere .
Start with a small daily budget and gradually increase it as you learn what works for you .
If you have n’t got the time or inclination to learn the system and experiment , pay someone who knows what they are doing to do it for you or stay well away from Adwords .
Also bear in mind that Adwords works better for some products than others .
If I was selling a $ 20 Mac - only product in a market with lots of more expensive competitors , I probably would n’t even bother trying Adwords .
** Update **
I used a deliberately provocative headline for this post , because I wanted to emphasize the fact that a lot of people are wasting a lot of money on Adwords .
It seems to have worked in terms of traffic .
But , judging by comments here and on Hacker News it has also confused some people .
Sorry about that .
To clarify , the sections heading are telling you how to waste money .
To maximize your ROI you should do the opposite :
Taking both calcium and vitamin D supplements on a daily basis reduces the risk of bone fractures , regardless of whether a person is young or old , male or female , or has had fractures in the past , a large study of nearly 70,000 patients from throughout the United States and Europe has found .
The study included data published in 2006 from clinical trials conducted at UC Davis in Sacramento as part of the Women 's Health Initiative ( WHI ) .
It appears online in this week 's edition of the British Medical Journal .
" What is important about this very large study is that goes a long way toward resolving conflicting evidence about the role of vitamin D , either alone or in combination with calcium , in reducing fractures , " said John Robbins , professor of internal medicine at UC Davis and a co-author of the journal article .
" Our WHI research in Sacramento included more than 1,000 healthy , postmenopausal women and concluded that taking calcium and vitamin D together helped them preserve bone health and prevent fractures .
This latest analysis , because it incorporates so many more people , really confirms our earlier conclusions . "
Led by researchers at Copenhagen University in Denmark , Robbins and an international team of colleagues analyzed the results of seven large clinical trials from around the world to assess the effectiveness of vitamin D alone or with calcium in reducing fractures among people averaging 70 years or older .
The researchers could not identify any significant effects for people who only take vitamin D supplements .
Among the clinical trial results analyzed was Robbins ' WHI research , which was part of a 15 - year , national program to address the most common causes of death , disability and poor quality of life in postmenopausal women such as cardiovascular disease , cancer and osteoporosis .
Those trials were primarily designed to study the effect of calcium and vitamin D supplementation in preventing hip fractures , with a secondary objective of testing the supplements on spine and other types of fractures , as well as on colorectal cancer .
The results were published in the Feb. 16 , 2006 edition of the New England Journal of Medicine .
Fractures are a major cause of disability , loss of independence and death for older people .
The injuries are often the result of osteoporosis , or porous bone , a disease characterized by low bone mass and bone fragility .
The National Osteoporosis Foundation estimates that about 10 million Americans have osteoporosis ; 80 percent of them are women .
Four of 10 women over age 50 will experience a fracture of the hip , spine or wrist in their lifetime , and osteoporosis - related fractures were responsible for an estimated $ 19 billion in health - related costs in 2005 .
" This study supports a growing consensus that combined calcium and vitamin D is more effective than vitamin D alone in reducing a variety of fractures , " said Robbins .
" Interestingly , this combination of supplements benefits both women and men of all ages , which is not something we fully expected to find .
We now need to investigate the best dosage , duration and optimal way for people to take it . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Cadbury is to be taken over by the US food company Kraft after its board approved a new increased bid .
The Cadbury board has advised its shareholders to accept a new offer of 840 pence a share - valuing the company at £ 11.5 bn ( $ 18.9bn ) .
Kraft said the deal would create a " global confectionery leader " .
But there are renewed fears over possible job cuts at Cadbury 's UK operations as a result of the agreed takeover .
Shareholders have until 2 February to give the deal their backing , with the US confectioner Hershey apparently out of the race .
The offer will consist of 500 pence in cash , with the rest made of Kraft shares .
Kraft will borrow £ 7bn ( $ 11.5 bn ) to finance the deal .
The increase in Kraft 's debt to pay for Cadbury will doubtless worry its employees
BBC business editor Robert Peston
Peston :
The takeover terms Dave Harvey : Avon jobs saved ?
How Cadbury and Kraft compare
In pictures : Cadbury 's history Bournville : Sadness and anger Send us your comments " We believe the offer represents good value for Cadbury shareholders ... and will now work with the Kraft Foods ' management to ensure the continued success and growth of the business , " said Cadbury 's chairman Roger Carr .
Irene Rosenfeld , the chairman and chief executive of Kraft Foods , said the deal was good news for shareholders and staff .
" We have great respect for Cadbury 's brands , heritage and people , " she said .
" We believe they will thrive as part of Kraft Foods . "
Shareholder approval
The deal is a significant increase on earlier Kraft bids , which were flatly rejected by the Cadbury board as " derisory " .
Kraft 's previous offer valued the company at £ 10.5 bn - a bid Cadbury 's chairman Roger Carr said was an attempt to " buy Cadbury on the cheap " .
Shareholders are expected to agree to the takeover .
David Cumming , head of UK equities at Cadbury shareholder Standard Life , said that he would be agreeing , despite hoping for a higher price .
CADBURY John Cadbury , a Quaker , opened a shop in Birmingham in 1824 , selling tea , coffee and hot chocolate - as an alternative to alcohol Dairy Milk brand introduced in 1905 , with Milk Tray coming 10 years later Merged with rival confectioner J.S. Fry & Sons in 1919 Merged with Schweppes drinks business in 1969 .
Its drinks arm was spun off in 2008 Employs about 45,000 people in 60 countries Cadbury brands include : Dairy Milk , Flake , Crunchie , Chocolate Buttons and Milk Tray
Cadbury 's Birmingham legacy " I wo n't go against the view of Cadbury 's management , " he told the BBC .
" Kraft are getting a good deal .
It 's sad that Cadbury is gone , but business is business . "
In early trading on Tuesday , Cadbury shares were up 3.5 % .
Job fears Unions have expressed concerns that the Kraft takeover could cost jobs .
The company has given no specific assurances over the future of 4,500 UK jobs , though it says it wants to invest in the Bournville site and maintain production at Somerdale , near Bristol , also known as Keynsham .
It has not ruled out cuts , and staff numbers at Cadbury 's head office in Uxbridge are expected to be reduced , according to the BBC 's business editor Robert Peston .
KRAFT FOODS
Founded in Illinois as a cheese wholesaler in 1903 Bought in 1988 by Philip Morris , which also purchased Nabisco for $ 19.2bn in 2000 before integrating it into Kraft Foods
More than 40 of its brands are more than 100 years old Has 98,000 employees and 168 manufacturing and processing facilities worldwide Kraft brands include : Kenco , Ritz , Philadelphia spread , Tang , Alpen Gold and Oreo Kraft also said it expected " meaningful cost savings " as a result of the merger .
Jennie Formby from the Unite union said the need for Kraft to cut costs could mean staff cuts in the longer - term .
" We are concerned about the levels of debt that Kraft has , " she told the BBC .
" The sad truth is that when they have to pay down that debt , the soft option is jobs and conditions .
" When you have to make cost savings of the magnitude they will need to make , you have to ask where those cost savings will be made . "
Those fears were shared by David Bailey , professor at Coventry University Business School .
" Serious questions need to be asked about Kraft 's intentions , " he said .
" Kraft already has a track record of cutting production and moving production abroad .
There 's no guarantee that they 'll keep production in the UK in the long run . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
×
Thank you for your interest in supporting Kaiser Health News ( KHN ) , the nation ’s leading nonprofit newsroom focused on health and health policy .
We distribute our journalism for free and without advertising through media partners of all sizes and in communities large and small .
We appreciate all forms of engagement from our readers and listeners , and welcome your support .
KHN is an editorially independent program of KFF ( Kaiser Family Foundation ) .
You can support KHN by making a contribution to KFF , a non-profit charitable organization that is not associated with Kaiser Permanente .
Click the button below to go to KFF ’s donation page which will provide more information and FAQs .
Thank you !
In a secret released to everyone from Team Meat , it has been revealed today that the highly anticipated indie game Super Meat Boy will be released on Xbox Live Arcade in 2010 .
Super Meat Boy will also be released on PC and WiiWare .
Get your thumbs warmed up for some platforming goodness , everyone !
Cristina , an illegal immigrant living in South Tucson , recently went to a government office to sign up her children for a state - run Medicaid program .
The boy and girl , ages 7 and 3 , respectively , are U.S. citizens and entitled to the benefits .
But Cristina , who spoke on condition her last name not be used , was fearful .
She ’d heard of a new state law requiring public workers to alert Immigration and Customs Enforcement when illegal immigrants apply for benefits they are not legally entitled to .
So when workers asked Cristina , 32 , for identification , she fled .
She now says she has no way to treat her daughter ’s liver problems or her son ’s asthma and impacted tooth .
Cristina , a single mother and part - time house cleaner , is even reluctant to take her children to a hospital emergency room .
“ I feel so alone , ” she said .
Advertisement
The new law has terrified the immigrant community here , leading to agonized discussions at schools , churches and community meetings about whether it is safe to get government help in Arizona .
The author of the law , state Sen. Russell Pearce , is happy about that .
“ I have a hard time having compassion for criminals , ” Pearce said .
“ It ’s about time people started being afraid . ”
Pearce contends that a large number of illegal immigrants improperly receive public benefits , and his law makes it a misdemeanor for a public worker to fail to report one .
The law also allows citizens to sue public agencies if they believe immigrants are receiving improper benefits .
“ I want the law enforced , ” he said .
“ Every time you pass something it becomes a toothless tiger . ”
He acknowledged that his bill is not supposed to apply to people like Cristina ’s children , who are legally entitled to federal benefits .
Advertisement
The law took effect in late November , and it is not yet clear what government services it applies to .
Some fear it could mean libraries and fire stations are obligated to report illegal immigrants , an interpretation Pearce said is silly .
He said the bill applies only to a range of welfare , Medicaid and other government aid programs that are not already guaranteed to illegal immigrants under federal law .
But many Arizonans are awaiting an opinion from the state ’s attorney general on the law ’s scope and which government workers are obligated to report illegal immigrants .
Critics of the law say it creates fear and uncertainty over a problem that does n’t exist .
Advertisement
“ It ’s already the law in Arizona that we cannot give benefits to people who are in the country illegally , ” said Ken Strobeck , executive director of the Arizona League of Cities and Towns , which unsuccessfully sued to halt the law ’s implementation .
Experts on both sides of the immigration debate agree that illegal immigrants rarely receive government benefits illegally .
Many economists have found that immigrants pay for benefits they receive through taxes , though some studies show a net loss to government .
The main cost to taxpayers comes from the use of public schools or emergency medical care -- benefits guaranteed illegal immigrants under federal law .
Also , children of illegal immigrants who are U.S. citizens are eligible for the same benefits as those of any other citizen , such as food stamps .
Advertisement
“ There ’s not much that Arizona can do about it , ” said Steven A. Camarota , research director at the Center for Immigration Studies in Washington , which favors restrictions on immigration .
“ The only solution is for us to have fewer illegals and fewer U.S. - born children ” of illegal immigrants , he added .
Camarota estimated that families headed by illegal immigrants receive public assistance at about the same rate as families of native - born citizens who lack a high school education .
A 2002 study by the Urban Institute found that illegal - immigrant families used benefits at a far lower rate than native - born ones -- for example , 11 % of illegal - immigrant families in Los Angeles County used food stamps , compared with 33 % of low - income native - born ones .
Randy Capps , who worked on the Urban Institute study and is now at the Migration Policy Institute , said illegal immigrants shy away from government aid .
“ When you ’re in an anti-immigrant , hostile environment , like in Arizona , the message is clear that you put yourself at risk with any contact with the government , ” Capps said .
In 2004 , Pearce , a Republican , helped write a ballot initiative that required state workers to report illegal immigrants who receive benefits .
But Arizona Atty .
Gen. Terry Goddard , a Democrat , interpreted the measure narrowly so the law applied to only a couple of obscure programs .
Advertisement
This year , as the state struggled to address its budget deficit , Pearce inserted language in the budget bill reiterating those requirements .
Many immigrant advocates and local officials were unaware of the move until the law took effect .
Its impact was swift .
Jennifer Allen , executive director of the Border Action Network here , said the group has been swamped with calls from terrified parents , like Cristina , fearful of seeking benefits for their U.S. citizen children .
“ It ’s sent a shock wave of fear through immigrant communities , ” Allen said .
The state Department of Economic Services , which administers welfare benefits , has referred to federal authorities more than 750 people who applied for benefits without proof of legal residency .
Officials at ICE have not said whether they have taken action on those cases , but stressed that their priorities in deportations lie with violent criminals .
Advertisement
On a recent morning , a group of immigrants sat in the modest offices of the Border Action Network , sharing stories of fearful trips to apply for benefits .
Sofia Machado , an English teacher and volunteer at the group , said one of her neighbors had been deported after seeking Medicaid for her U.S. - born children .
Just as Machado finished telling the story , her cellphone rang .
The caller ’s daughter was three months pregnant and had started bleeding , but the caller feared taking her to the hospital .
Machado tried to reassure the caller that hospitals should not be checking immigration status .
“ There ’s a lack of information and a panicked ignorance , ” she said afterward .
“ Look at the disaster these people have created . ”
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan , Dec. 31 ( UPI ) -- Pakistani forces raided a private hospital in volatile South Waziristan on Thursday , killing four and arresting more than two dozen suspected militants .
The Pakistani military in October launched major operations in the volatile tribal belt along the border with Afghanistan in an effort to control a spiraling Taliban insurgency .
The military said it killed more than 600 militants during those operations , though insurgents responded with frequent high - profile attacks across the country .
Advertisement
Pakistani security teams raided the private Hafiz Hospital in South Waziristan in the early morning hours Thursday , Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper reports .
Intelligence officials said they were acting on a tip suggesting wounded Taliban fighters were brought to the hospital following skirmishes with the Pakistani military .
The gun battle that followed the raid lasted more than four hours , officials said .
Four foreign militants , including a Sudanese and Bangladeshi national , were among the dead .
As many as 27 others were arrested during the operation .
One Pakistani soldier was wounded during the attacks .
A man released from prison in December is back in custody this morning after he admitted killing his live - in girlfriend Saturday at their north Houston home after he tired of her " nagging . "
William Robert Stone , 47 , is being held without bond on a murder charge after police said he strangled the victim , Renee Longoria , 51 , at the apartment in the 230 block of West 27th .
JERUSALEM : Israeli jets bombed several targets along the Gaza Strip yesterday after a day of mortar and rocket fire into southern Israel .
Three Palestinian men were killed and one wounded in the air strikes , Palestinian medics said .
There were no reports of injuries in Israel .
The Palestinian Popular Resistance Committee claimed responsibility for the mortar and rocket attacks , which it said were in response to the assassination of two of its members this week by an Israeli aircraft .
Hamas leaders said they tried to prevent the attacks , for fear of a severe Israeli reaction .
In the past month , Hamas is believed to have thwarted several attempts by Islamic Jihad to fire rockets at Israel .
On Thursday , one Qassam rocket landed near the Israeli coastal city of Ashkelon , while mortars fell in open fields near the Gaza Strip .
But the Ace 1000 manual is n’t just a watered down version of the Ace 100 manual .
It has its own jokes , including several humorous glossary entries .
For example , the first chapter of the manual lists things you can do with a computer , including “ get a list of recommendations for wines to serve with Terrine Maison . ”
In the glossary , you ’ll find Terrine Maison helpfully defined between entries for source and utility program :
You can see that this manual is more designed .
There are friendlier fonts .
There are cute cartoons of Benjamin Franklin throughout .
But some of the written humor is lost .
Gone is the reference to a “ disgustingly cute phrase . ”
The chapter heading is cushioned with “ A good title for this section might be … ”
This version of the joke is a bit too on - the - nose for me .
I like how low - tech the manual is .
The whole thing is done in a Courier typeface , with chapter headings in all - caps .
Here ’s how the same chapter heading appeared in the manual for the later Franklin Ace 1000 :
For example , the manual for the Franklin Ace 100 begins with about 40 pages of computer basics ( What are they ?
What can they do ? etc ) .
And then , on page 40 , two thirds of the way down the page , there is a chapter heading called “ The Ancestral Territorial Imperatives of the Trumpeter Swan . ”
Here ’s how the chapter begins :
I recently found copies of manuals for the Franklin Ace 1000 and its predecessor the Ace 100 .
They were similar computers , so the manuals share a lot of content in common .
Both are pretty incredible .
My family ’s first computer was a Franklin Ace 1000 .
I think we got it in 1983 .
Franklin
Ace computers were clones of Apple II computers , which eventually prompted a lawsuit from Apple and a court ruling that operating systems can be protected by copyright .
The computers may have been clones , but the Franklin manuals were definitely original .
Reading through the Ace 100 manual , I came across a section so shocking that I can’t imagine a modern computer company even considering putting it in a manual .
In this section , you are advised to circumvent copy protection to make personal backups of programs you lawfully purchased :
And it still has n’t happened .
The Ace 100 manual goes on to describe three categories of crooks in the computer world .
The first category is “ Them , ” the computer salespeople who overhype their products with advertising gimmicks .
The second category is “ You . ” Franklin is n’t actually calling you a crook , but they say that software manufacturers will treat you like one :
The last category of crooks is “ US ” :
Well they were n’t , technically , until the court ruling .
Most of the “ Crooks ” section is omitted from the Ace 1000 manual .
A condensed version still appears in the section about copy protection .
Both manuals make 80s pop culture references , explaining the concept of computer programs by comparing them to TV programs like Hill Street Blues , The Dukes of Hazzard , or Live at the Met with Itzhak Perlman ( who the glossary helpfully defines as “ a violinist ” ) .
Former Good Morning America host David Hartman is described as “ nothing but reconfigured electronic signals [ you watch ] over coffee in the morning . ”
In both manuals , the author tries to explain what kinds of programs are useful and which to stay away from .
He states that “ the sole purpose of many of these wonders in programming is to separate you from your money . ”
And then he gives this warning :
This strikes me as a reference to Damon Runyon , whose stories of 1930s New York hustlers were the basis for the Broadway musical Guys and Dolls .
Damon Runyon wrote , “ One of these days in your travels , a guy is going to come up to you and show you a nice brand - new deck of cards on which the seal is not yet broken , and this guy is going to offer to bet you that he can make the Jack of Spades jump out of the deck and squirt cider in your ear .
But , son , do not bet this man , for as sure as you are standing there , you are going to end up with an earful of cider . ”
I wondered what other inside jokes the manual has that I would n’t know about .
The manuals are uncredited , but I figured out that they were written by a guy named Sal Manetta , who later went on to work for Unisys and Intel .
He is now retired .
I could n’t reach him , but I did get hold of Bob Applegate , a programmer who was at Franklin at the time .
Bob wrote :
We hired this tech writer guy who knew nothing about personal computers named Sal Manetta .
He was the manager of the Publication group .
Sal hired a funky artist [ Frank someone - or - other ] who did most of the drawings of Ben Franklin in the user manual .
Sal was supposed to learn about computers like an average person back then , such as reading magazines , talking to salesmen at stores , etc. Sometimes Dave and I would head over to a local place where I used to work ( where Franklin discovered me ) , would “ introduce ” ourselves to Sal and give him advice on buying his first computer , much to the annoyance of the sales staff there .
Sal would get back to the office and tell us what the sales folks said about us once Dave and I left :)
Bob mentioned that many of the cartoons are based on real events and people Sal encountered at Franklin .
Here are some of the cartoons along with Bob ’s comments :
“ Engineering was in a long , narrow building with no windows , nicknamed ‘ the cave ’ .
Sal was never exposed to engineers before Franklin , and we sometimes overwhelmed him .
He often said ‘ Abandon hope all ye who enter ’ to people on their first visit to our building . ”
“ Look for the one of the boy soldering with an evil looking computer … that ’s me …
I wore Converse sneakers to work back then ; look at the star on the side of his sneaker . ”
“ The computer salesman speaking BASIC code was my old boss at a local computer store . ”
“ The guy smoking a cigarette and dumping ashes onto the computer is a repair guy from the same local store . ”
And where did the trumpeter swans come from ?
“ The ‘ Territorial Imperatives of the Trumpeter Swan ’ was also real .
Resumes came pouring into Franklin , and we ’d all look through them .
One guy had written a research paper with that crazy title , and we all thought it was pretty interesting .
So , Sal worked it into the manual as a chapter title . ”
After Franklin lost their lawsuit with Apple , they continued to sell computers that were similar to Apple ’s , but without any infringing code .
I found the manual for one of those computers , the Franklin Ace 500 .
Sadly , there is nothing creative to be found within .
It reads like stereo instructions .
I was disappointed to see there ’s even a chapter with the disgustingly cute name “ Getting Started . ”
Want to read the manuals in full ?
Here they are :
Franklin Ace 100 ( PDF ) - via
Franklin Ace 1000 ( PDF ) - via
Franklin Ace 500 ( PDF ) - via
That last “ via ” link also has the original Apple II manuals , for comparison .
Update 3/21/10 : Sal has weighed in , leaving a lengthy comment here
A cool story about Evgeni Nabokov this season is that where there could have been a story , there has been no story .
This is his contract year .
The Sharks goalie will become a free agent this summer unless he is signed to a contract extension .
But I have n’t heard a word from him , in Russian or English , about it .
Neither have you .
The reason ?
Nabokov and the Sharks have mutually agreed not to talk about any of that until we all see how this season ’s playoffs turn out .
In the NBA or the NFL , that would never happen .
Nabokov ’s situation , for a player of his stature , would lead to a full - blown season - long soap opera .
Not in the NHL .
“ You ca n’t compare hockey to other sports , ” Nabokov said with a smile .
“ You just can ’t .
I know you guys want to do it .
I understand why .
But I hear it sometimes , how a goalie is like a baseball pitcher .
How ?
How can you say that ? ”
Here ’s how : A goalie is the one player in hockey who can control a game if he is having a spectacular night .
This season , Nabokov has had a few .
The NHL goalie statistics do n’t lie .
Nabokov is among the top four in wins , save percentage and goals - against average .
Since the first of December , he has allowed more than two goals in a game just twice .
Do we take him for granted around here ?
Probably .
Nabokov has spent 540 games as a Sharks masked man .
Tonight will be No. 541 , against the Detroit Red Wings .
This month is his 10th anniversary as a NHL goalie .
All of that time back there in the crease , watching all of that hockey between saves and goals , can give a man perspective .
This explains why , when Nabokov speaks , I usually listen closely .
I certainly heard him last spring .
After the Sharks ’ ugly first - round playoff elimination by Anaheim , we stood in the quiet visiting dressing room at the Honda Center .
Despite his own less - than - stellar series , Nabokov had been a stand - up guy throughout .
Unlike some other Sharks , he showed up for postgame questioning , win or lose .
And so it was that , before leaving the room , I complimented his professionalism and expressed the thought that of all the Sharks ’ playoff losses over the years , this must have been the worst one for Nabokov because it had been the Sharks ’ best team on paper .
They had earned the Presidents Trophy for having the NHL ’s best regular - season record .
“ This was n’t our best team , ” Nabokov said softly , in response .
Curious , I wanted to press the matter further .
Was the locker room chemistry bad ?
The talent overrated ?
Nabokov was n’t in the mood to elaborate .
I made a mental note to revisit the quote later .
Later turned out to be the other day .
I reminded Nabokov of last spring ’s remark .
He acknowledged that , yes , well , he did utter those words but said not to overblow them .
After a first - round loss , how could anyone dare call it the Sharks ’ best team ?
It did n’t matter why things were n’t right .
“ I will tell you when it ’s going to be the best team we have — and that ’s when we win , ” Nabokov said , meaning the Stanley Cup .
“ It does n’t mean anything until you do that . ”
As if someone needs to tell Sharks fans .
But “… yup , here we go again .
Our beloved Los Tiburones are once more leading the entire NHL in points , as the Olympic break approaches .
So the question must arise :
Is this their best team ?
No way Nabokov would go there , for obvious reasons .
He did offer some observations , though .
He confirmed what most of us can see for ourselves :
This is not the slickest or prettiest
Sharks team , stylistically .
But the pucks are going in the net .
“ We can score , this team , ” Nabokov said .
“ Some games when we are not playing well , we are still able to win because of that .
Some guys can be having a tough night , but we are still able to get two points . ”
Anything else ?
“ I think we are more patient with each other and calmer , off the ice and on the ice , ” he said .
“ I think we “ … stay more even keel , where in the past , we might get excited too much at certain times . ”
Calmer ?
That ’s not a word you frequently hear around hockey .
But I knew what Nabokov meant .
Compared to the previous two seasons , there do n’t seem to be as many of those third - period out - of - whack Sharks moments , where a lead is blown or a two - goal lead carelessly becomes a one - goal lead .
I also thought about Nabokov ’s answer and about what happened last week — when the Sharks fell behind 3 - 0 to a young and assertive Chicago Blackhawks team in the first period .
The Sharks did n’t overheat or overskate .
They settled down and methodically came back to tie the score .
The Sharks lost in overtime .
But the “ calmer ” attitude could pay off in April .
Nabokov is n’t the only Sharks player in a contract year .
So is Patrick Marleau , who is tied for the NHL lead in goals .
He , too , is not uttering a word about getting a new deal .
If the Sharks do finally win a Stanley Cup , could they afford to keep both men ?
Would n’t it be nice for the team to have that problem ?
Contact Mark Purdy at mpurdy@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5092 .
in
It 's been quite an amazing decade for lovers of film .
While Hollywood pumped out monstrosities like Transformers and G.I. Joe , real filmmakers continued to make both large and small masterpieces , both inside and , more often , outside the Hollywood system .
So , below are my picks for the best 100 films of the past 10 years .
However , instead of one list I 've decided to make five : 70 Best Films , 10 Best Comedies , 12 Best Documentaries , 5 Best Animated Films , and 3 Best Musicals .
After long and hard deliberation I realized that trying to compare a classic comedy like Best In Show to a film like Milk or There Will Be Blood is almost impossible .
It 's like trying to compare a classic jazz album to an all - time great rock or pop album .
Like , say , trying to rank in some sort of logical order Rubber Soul , Exile On Main Street , Kind Of Blue , and Birth of the Cool .
That said , if I were forced to make one list , let me just say that comedies like Best In Show and Borat would most definitely be in the Top 20 Films of The Decade .
As would an animated film like Wall - E. Well , at least in the Top 50 .
This separation is n't supposed to designate inferiority , it 's just the whole apples - and - oranges thing .
So here they are :
THE TOP 70 FILMS OF THE DECADE :
Every one of the following 70 films , in one way or another , strongly connected with me both intellectually and visually .
But more than anything else all of these films made an emotional impact :
# 70 . Up In The Air ( 2009 )
I just saw this a few days ago , so it 's a bit early to know exactly where it should fit in on this list , but what I know for sure is that it is one of the best 70 films of the past decade , so I 'm simply placing it here at # 70 .
George Clooney , Vera Farmiga , and Anna Kendrick are all outstanding .
I loved how this film did n't lead down all the predictable avenues it so easily could have .
Director and co-screenwriter Jason Reitman is sure off to an amazing start to his career , having made just three films , all of which have been great : Thank You for Smoking , Juno , and now this subtle masterpiece .
# 69 . Atanarjuat : The Fast Runner ( 2001 )
Zacharias Kunuk directs this retelling of a 1,000 - year - old Inuit legend .
A fascinating glimpse into Inuit culture and a suspenseful tale to boot .
# 68 . High Fidelity ( 2000 )
Nick Hornby 's finest novel is turned into a funny , moving , terrific film by director Stephen Frears ( My Beautiful Laundrette , Dangerous Liaisons , The Grifters , Mrs Henderson Presents , The Queen ) .
Jack Black 's breakout role .
John Cusack at his absolute best .
And Tim Robbins in an hilarious cameo .
# 67 . Elegy ( 2008 )
Spanish director Isabel Coixet and screenwriter Nicholas Meyer bring Philip Roth 's novel to cinematic life .
Coixet has made a few other really great films - such as The Secret Life of Words ( 2005 ) and My Life Without Me ( 2003 ) , both starring the always - great Sarah Polley - but this one 's her best yet .
Penélope Cruz and Ben Kingsley are both phenomenal .
# 66 . Vera Drake ( 2004 )
British filmmaker Mike Leigh 's best movie since Secrets and Lies .
And , as always , he brings out the best in his actors .
Imelda Staunton is incredible here in the title role .
# 65 . Whale Rider ( 2002 )
Amazingly , 12 - year - old Keisha Castle - Hughes ( who very deservingly wound up nominated for an Oscar ) had never acted before being chosen as the lead in this awe - inspiring film from New Zealand writer - director Niki Caro .
A modern fable about a young Maori girl 's quest to prove her true destiny .
If that sounds vague , well , just see it .
You wo n't regret it .
# 64 . The Barbarian Invasions ( Les invasions barbares ) ( 2003 )
Denys Arcand , who wrote and directed two amazing films back in the 1980s ( Jesus of Montreal and The Decline of the American Empire ) does it again with this sequel to American Empire , exploring the same characters 17 years on .
Terrific ensemble cast .
# 63 . C.R.A.Z.Y. ( 2005 )
Another great film out of Quebec , the province that has been producing many of Canada 's best films for decades .
And as with most French films , either from France or Quebec , the focus is on human relations rather than on blowing stuff up real good .
And this film , from writer - director Jean - Marc Vallée , is no exception :
It 's a story of a man trying to come to terms with his own homosexuality while growing up in a conservative family in the '60s and ' 70s .
# 62 . The Son's Room ( La stanza del figlio ) ( 2001 )
Written and directed by Italian filmmaker Nanni Moretti , this heartwrenching film about a family dealing with the traumatic death of a son won the top prize , the Palme d'Or , at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival .
# 61 . Almost Famous ( 2000 )
Cameron Crowe 's semi-autobiographical film about his first job working for Rolling Stone magazine when he was still in his teens .
He 's made some other great films , but nothing tops this one for heart , an awesome soundtrack and great acting .
Particularly great if you happen to be a big fan of rock ' n ' roll .
# 60 . The Lord of The Rings Trilogy ( 2001-2002-2003 )
None of the three parts of this trilogy would have made it onto this list on their own .
Really !
Sure , all three films were great , but none of the three completely captivated me .
While they were all really well made and visually stunning , there just seemed to be something missing that stopped each individual film from reaching its true greatness .
However , as a whole , there 's no way to deny the significance and , yes , greatness of Peter Jackson 's magnum opus .
# 59 . Mystic River ( 2003 )
Clint Eastwood has made great film after great film all decade long , but this one stood out , particularly for the stellar performances all around by it's all - star cast .
Laura Linney , Marcia Gay Harden , Laurence Fishburne , Kevin Bacon , and , particularly , Sean Penn ( who finally won a long - overdue Oscar ) and Tim Robbins ( who also won an Oscar - for Best Supporting Actor ) are all superb .
A great film , but he made an even better one a few years later ( see below ) .
# 58 . Y tu mamá también ( 2001 )
From Mexican writer - director Alfonso Cuarón and starring Gael García Bernal in one of his many many wonderful performances this decade .
The guy seemed to be in everything over the past ten years ( Amores Perros , The Motorcycle Diaries , Bad Education , The Science of Sleep , Babel , Blindness , The Limits of Control , etc. ) , but this still remains one of his best .
The other main leads , Diego Luna and Maribel Verdú , are great as well in this story of two teenage boys battling for the affection of an older woman .
# 57 . The Sea Inside ( Mar adentro ) ( 2004 )
Spanish director Alejandro Amenábar brings to life the true story of a Spanish quadriplegic who fought a three - decades - long battle for the right to die with dignity .
In a decade in which he blew everyone 's mind in No Country For Old Men , this was actually Javier Bardem 's finest performance .
# 56 . Ghost Dog : The Way of The Samurai ( 2000 )
Made in 1999 , but not released in America or Canada until 2000 , I 'm calling this a film from 2000 and , not only that , I 'm also calling it Jim Jarmusch 's best film of the decade .
Starring the always - terrific Forest Whitaker , who 's at his very best here .
# 55 . House of Sand and Fog ( 2003 )
Director Vadim Perelman 's first film is an emotional tour de force , as are the sublime performances by both Jennifer Connelly and Ben Kingsley .
Kingsley 's finest performance of the decade may have been in Sexy Beast , but this ( and / or Elegy ) is a close second .
Connelly has never been better .
# 54 . Adaptation . ( 2002 )
Director Spike Jonze and screenwriter Charlie Kaufman team up once again and recreate the magic they first created with 1999's Being John Malkovich .
Now , if you did n't like that one then you 're definitely not going to like this one either .
But if you did love Malkovich the way I loved Malkovich then you 'll most certainly be loving this strange , bizarre trip as well .
Meryl Streep and Tilda Swinton are terrific , but it 's Nicolas Cage , playing twin brothers , who knocks this thing out of the park .
With the possible exception of Leaving Las Vegas , this is a career peak .
# 53 . Monster ( 2003 )
Charlize
Theron gives one of the most amazing performances of this or any decade in writer - director Patty Jenkins ' one and only feature film to date .
And if you 're going to make just one film per decade , you might as well make it astonishingly good .
Christina Ricci shines as well , but it 's
Theron who is an absolute revelation , making the audience empathize with , and somewhat understand , the mind of a serial killer .
# 52 . I 'm Not There ( 2007 )
As I wrote at the time :
Ok , I'm a Dylan fanatic and was therefore predestined to love this ode to the many personas of Bob ... and , man , did I ever !
But you certainly do n't have to be a Dylan fan to enjoy this highly original work from the mind of writer - director Todd Haynes .
However , you probably do have to be a fan of art films to truly appreciate it , as it's a very unique and creative piece of filmmaking , without any real linear storyline .
Being a fan of Bob definitely does make watching the film more interesting , though , since non-fans simply wo n't get all the ( literally ) hundreds of references and jokes , not to mention all the lyrics and lines from interviews used as dialogue .
I originally saw this at the theater and it was fantastic , but I enjoyed it even more the second time ( on DVD ) .
The music , of course , is incredible throughout , but the acting is also pretty amazing , especially that of Cate Blanchett , in one of the greatest performances of her entire career .
The heart of the film is the sad story of the deteriorating marriage between characters based on Bob , played by Heath Ledger , and his first wife Sara , played by Charlotte Gainsbourg .
Even sadder to watch after Heath 's tragic death .
# 51 . 25th Hour ( 2002 )
He had a bigger hit with Inside Man , which was also great , but this was definitely Spike Lee 's best film of the decade ... and one of his best ever .
The always - amazing Edward Norton gives perhaps his finest performance of the past 10 years .
# 50 . Juno ( 2007 )
Canadian director Jason Reitman 's sophomore effort is a beauty .
As I wrote at the time :
Fun , light and somewhat silly ( and occasionally hilarious ) , this is quite unlike most of the other , much heavier , films here on this list , but it definitely deserves to be here nonetheless .
A fantastic cast , a terrific script and a great soundtrack too .
The whole thing rests on the shoulders of the amazing Ellen Page , who does an outstanding job in the title role .
# 49 . The Darjeeling Limited ( 2007 )
As I wrote in my Best Films of 2007 piece :
Wes Anderson , the incredibly talented writer - director behind Bottle Rocket , Rushmore , The Royal Tennenbaums and The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou , does it again .
He 's created yet another fantastic film .
And he 's certainly not about repeating himself .
This is unlike any of his previous films , at least in setting and story .
His unique and quirky sense of humor remains as great as ever , however .
Funny and serious , surreal and realistic - often all at once - I simply love this guy 's films !
It 's a great film by any standard ( though , actually , come to think of it , not by the " Hey , dude , was n't Transformers a wicked film ? " standard ) , but it 's particularly great for anyone , like myself , who has ever spent time traveling around India .
The main characters - played to perfection by Adrien Brody , Owen Wilson and Jason Schwartzman - may be quite self - absorbed and not all that interested in the Indian people all around them - which makes them the complete opposite of my experience over there - but , still , the film really did transport me back to India and my year traveling around the country by train ( for a particularly special train trip in Southern India , read this ) .
# 48 . The Squid and The Whale ( 2005 )
Noah Baumbach 's small little semi-autobiographical film about his parents divorce in the 1980s is a perfect mix of funny , sad and melancholy .
An especially poignant film for anyone who experienced the same sort of family collapse during their childhood .
Read my full rave here : A History of Squid and Whale Violence Revisited : Two must - see films
# 47 . Vicky Cristina Barcelona ( 2008 )
Woody Allen 's best film in years .
No , make that decades .
Rebecca Hall , Scarlett Johansson , Penelope Cruz , Patricia Clarkson , and the always - terrific Javier Bardem are all outstanding .
Read my full review here : Lucky Day : The Bruce and Woody Rave
# 46 . Waltz With Bashir ( Vals Im Bashir ) ( 2008 )
As I said in my Best Films of 2009 piece :
This animated war documentary is unlike anything you 've ever seen .
Israeli director Ari Folman interviews fellow veterans of the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon , trying to recover blacked - out memories from the massacre at Beirut 's Sabra and Shatila camps .
A fascinating , and ultimately heartbreaking , road to the truth .
# 45 . La Vie En Rose ( La môme ) ( 2007 )
Bio-pics can often be pretty lame and unoriginal , but this film from French director Olivier Dahan about the life of Edith Piaf is anything but .
A fascinating look at the often - tragic life of France 's greatest 20th century star .
# 43 . & # 44 . The Wrestler ( 2008 ) and Requiem For A Dream ( 2000 )
Darren Aronofsky made three fantastic films this decade - these two and 2006's The Fountain , not to mention 1998 's terrific Pi - making him one of the greatest filmmakers working today .
Requiem For A Dream , which deals with the direct and indirect effects of drug addiction , featured a breakout performance by Jennifer Connelly and an inspired comeback by Ellen Burstyn .
While The Wrestler features Micky Rourke giving the comeback performance of the decade in the role of a washed up wrestler dealing with his demons , destroyed dreams , and distant daughter .
# 42 . 4 Months , 3 Weeks and 2 Days ( 4 luni , 3 saptamâni si 2 zile ) ( 2007 )
As I wrote here :
A brilliant and completely absorbing piece of filmmaking from writer / director Cristian Mungiu .
Heavy as hell , - gut - wrenching , in fact - this Romanian film most definitely is n't for those looking for a night of fun and laughs .
However , for those looking for an amazing piece of social realism , this is a must - see work of art .
Set in dictatorship - era Romania in 1987 , the film presents a snapshot of a very different world and a brutal depiction of a topic rarely discussed in film : abortion .
# 41 . Rachel Getting Married ( 2008 )
Anne Hathaway gives the performance of a lifetime and Jonathan Demme once again shows the world the master director he is , but in a small intimate film nothing like his past triumphs , the likes of The Silence of The Lambs and Philadelphia .
Terrific acting , a great script , and an excellent film all around .
# 40 . Tell No One ( 2006 )
A French Hitchcockian thriller with twists and turns galore and an emotional heart at its very core .
Or , as I said here :
A suspense / thriller with a real emotional heart , this film has accurately been described as a cross between Vertigo and The Fugitive .
I 'd call it a Hitchcockian thriller better than just about any actual Hitchcock thriller , with the possible exception of Vertigo itself .
And the acting here is absolutely outstanding .
Francois Cluzet , especially , gives a breathtaking performance as a man who comes to believe his wife may , in fact , be alive , eight years after her brutal murder .
Featuring a plot much more complicated than your typical Hollywood thriller ( adapted from a novel by American writer Harlan Coben ) and masterly directed by Guillaume Canet , who also wrote the screenplay , this is a must - see for any and all lovers of great cinema .
# 39 . Twilight Samurai ( Tasogare Seibei ) ( 2002 )
Yoji Yamada writes and directs this modern take on the samurai drama , while Hiroyuki Sanada plays a widowed father of two daughters ( and the son of a senile mother ) who is simply trying to get by .
Long story short , things get messy .
A gripping , moving , thrilling tale in the grand tradition of Akira Kurosawa .
# 38 . Hard Candy ( 2005 )
If you thought Ellen Page was good in Juno , then you 've got to see this .
Page was just 18 when she gave one of the best performances of the decade in this chilling / thrilling story from screenwriter Brian Nelson and director David Slade .
Patrick Wilson is also terrific in this psychological thriller .
# 37 . O Brother , Where Art Thou ? ( 2000 )
Over the past 25 years who else has produced as many consistently amazing films as the Coen Brothers ?
Ok , Martin Scorsese , but besides that I 'd say no one .
It 's been a quarter century with only one misstep ( 2003 's Intolerable Cruelty ) .
Most incredible of all is the way the brothers have so effortlessly moved from intense dramas to offbeat comedies .
Just as the '90s gave us not only the dark - comedic brilliance of Fargo but also the classic comedic joy of The Big Lebowski , so too did this past decade give us masterpieces in both the dark brooding No Country For Old Men and its more jovial cousin , O Brother , Where Art Thou ?.
O Brother also gave us George Clooney at his most witty and charming .
# 36 . Avatar ( 2009 )
Visually , absolutely stunning - unlike any film made before ( which I guess it should be considering it cost an obscene $ 300 million to make ) .
A not - so - subtle political parable , the story has been criticized for being too " black and white " , but , the truth is , similar stories have been unfolding right here on Earth on a regular basis for years now ( think the rich ranchers slaughtering Amazon tribes in order to steal their land down in Brazil - all in the name of more profit .
Or the Western mining companies operating throughout the developing world who kick local people off their land all the time .
Or the Chinese peasants kicked off their land by their government in the name of development , etc. , etc. ) .
By this point in the list you can already tell that I 'm not a huge fan of Hollywood blockbusters , but , as I wrote about this film in my Best Films of 2009 piece : " If you 're going to go see a blockbuster , what more could you want than this amazing piece of entertainment from James Cameron ? "
# 35 . Syriana ( 2005 )
Writer - director Stephen Gaghan ( who wrote the fantastic screenplay for Traffic as well as the horrifically - offensive script for Rules of Engagement ) concocts an incredibly suspenseful , action - packed , political thriller that looks at the interconnected relationship between oil , arms , espionage and war in the Middle East .
George Clooney and Matt Damon are superb .
# 34 . Fantastic Mr. Fox ( 2009 )
As I wrote in my Best Films of 2009 piece :
A stop-action kids film that is probably a much more thrilling viewing experience for adults ( though still great fun for the kids ) .
Coming from the brilliant mind of writer - director Wes Anderson ( Rushmore , The Royal Tenenbaums , The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou , The Darjeeling Limited ) , there was never really any chance it would be anything less than pure cinematic magic .
And the stars - George Clooney , Meryl Streep and Jason Schwartzman , in particular - all shine brightly .
# 33 . Where The Wild Things Are ( 2009 )
To quote my Best Films of 2009 piece :
Spike Jonze 's first film in seven years is as great as his first two ( Being John Malkovich , and Adaptation . ) .
Based on Maurice Sendak 's children 's book , but not really a children 's film at all .
Rather it's an incredibly moving , occasionally heartbreaking story for adults about childhood .
A must - see .
# 32 . Amores Perros ( 2000 )
21 Grams ( 2003 ) had the bigger stars and Babel ( 2006 ) was the bigger box office hit , but this debut film from Mexico 's Alejandro González Iñárritu is the mindblower .
Gael García Bernal 's breakout role .
# 31 . Into The Wild ( 2007 )
Sean Penn has written and directed some great films over the years ( including the remarkable 1991 film The Indian Runner ) , but this is his greatest film to date .
Emile Hirsch gives a truly awe - inspiring performance as Christopher McCandless , a 23 - year - old kid from an affluent family who rejects society , leaves everything behind and heads off on a two - year trip around the U.S. and , eventually , into the wilderness of Alaska .
Read my full review here : The Sean Penn " Into The Wild " Rave
# 30 . City of God ( Cidade de Deus ) ( 2002 )
Brazilian director Fernando Meirelles , who went on to make The Constant Gardener ( 2005 ) and Blindness ( 2008 ) , made his greatest film of the decade with his smallest budget , filming in and around the actual slums of Rio de Janeiro where the story takes place .
It 's a story of the drug trafficking and eventual turf wars that dominated life in these slums from the '60s through to the ' 80s and the direct effect they had on one group of kids in particular .
At once a fascinating , enthralling , exciting and horrifying viewing experience .
# 29 . Memento ( 2000 )
Batman Begins and , especially , The Dark Knight would be his smash hits , but this is actually Christopher Nolan 's most striking film .
Starring a never - better Guy Pearce , as a man with a case of severe short - term memory loss , in a story that 'll blow your mind and have you clamoring to see it again almost immediately after the final credits roll .
# 28 . The Pianist ( 2002 )
This film , about one man 's attempt to survive World War II in the Warsaw Ghetto , is Roman Polanski 's greatest achievement .
That he'd be so inspired to craft such a brilliant film is n't that hard to understand once you know that Polanski himself is a Polish Jew who lost most of his family in the Holocaust .
The always - reliable Adrien Brody gives a performance here that far surpasses anything else he 's ever done before or since .
# 27 . The Hurt Locker ( 2009 )
To quote my Best Films of 2009 piece :
Director Kathryn Bigelow ( Strange Days , Point Break ) inspires her cast of relative unknowns to greatness in this riveting , suspense - filled film about life in a U.S. Army bomb disposal unit in Iraq circa 2004 .
One of the best war films of all time .
# 26 . Lost In Translation ( 2003 )
Written and directed by Sofia Coppola , this film , set in Tokyo as it is , was an especially enjoyable experience for someone , like myself , who has spent years living in Japan .
Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson are as good as they 've ever been , playing two lost , lonely souls wandering the streets of a city where just about everything is foreign and strange .
Interestingly , I had a number of people who had never been to Japan say that they thought the film was making fun of the country and the people .
I did n't see it that way at all .
It simply showed Tokyo the way a newcomer would see it , in all its bizarre , funny , wonderful , strange glory .
# 25 . Water ( 2005 )
The first two films in Toronto - based , Indian - born Deepa Mehta 's Fire - Earth - Water trilogy were excellent , but this third film is her masterpiece .
The film , like the other two in the trilogy - Fire ( 1996 ) and Earth ( 1998 ) - deals with the idiocy of traditional customs and ( Hindu ) religious ideas when it comes to the treatment of women .
And , in this particular film , the focus is on the horrific way widows have traditionally been treated in Hindu society .
There are many dedicated filmmakers at work around the globe , but how many are truly willing to risk their lives to get their films made ?
Mehta is .
When she first tried to film Water in Varanasi , India back in the late - 1990s Hindu extremists showed up and burnt the set to the ground .
But , Mehta , even in the face of a number of death threats , could not be stopped .
It took her years to get everything rolling again , but she eventually shot the film , in secret and under a fake name , in Sri Lanka and released it in 2005 .
Not many other films have required such dedication , commitment and courage .
And the struggle clearly inspired her because the film is an absolute triumph .
Her other films , such as Camilla ( 1994 ) and Bollywood / Hollywood ( 2002 ) , have all been quite entertaining , but it was with this trilogy and , in particular , Water that Mehta proved herself a master filmmaker .
# 24 . Traffic ( 2000 )
An amazing cast and a multi-layered story from screenwriter Stephen Gaghan ( based on the British TV series Traffik ) is all Steven Soderbergh needs to create his greatest film yet .
And this from a guy who has created a lot of great films ( Sex , Lies , and Videotape , Out of Sight , The Limey , Erin Brockovich , etc. ) .
# 23 . Eastern Promises ( 2007 )
As in David Cronenberg 's previous film , 2005 's A History of Violence ( see below ) , Viggo Mortensen is a revelation and proves beyond a doubt that he 's one of the finest actors working today .
I mean , anyone who saw The Indian Runner , written and directed by Sean Penn back in 1991 , knows that Viggo is amazing , but , working with Cronenberg , he has taken his work to a whole new level .
As has Cronenberg , for that matter .
Let 's hope they continue the partnership , a la Scorsese and De Niro or , more recently , Scorsese and DiCaprio .
# 22 . Kill Bill Vol. 1 and 2 ( 2003 and 2004 )
Quentin Tarantino unleashes Uma Thurman on about a thousand badasses in one of the greatest revenge fantasies ever to hit the big screen .
His tribute to Hong Kong films of the 70s , Japanese mafia films , westerns , you name it .
This thing rocks in all its over - the - top cartoonish violence , intentionally dumb ( yet brilliant ) dialogue and awesome music .
I 've seen Vol. 1 . six times so far and Vol. 2 three times and they both continue to blow my mind each and every time .
# 21 . Oldboy ( 2003 )
Definitely not for the faint - hearted , this sometimes - ultra - violent thriller from Korean director Chan - wook Park even outdoes Tarantino at times .
A man is kidnapped and imprisoned in a room for 15 years , for unknown reasons by unknown assailants .
Suddenly released , his search for answers and vengeance begins .
A must - see masterpiece .
# 19 . & # 20 .
After The Wedding ( Efter brylluppet ) ( 2006 ) and Brothers ( Brødre ) ( 2004 )
Danish filmmaker Susanne Bier would go to Hollywood and make a pretty great film in Things We Lost in the Fire ( 2007 ) , but it was these two earlier emotionally - wrenching , subtle masterpieces that made her one of the greatest filmmakers of the decade .
Read my full rave here : Distinctive Danes Do It With Devotion : The Danish Cinema and Susanne Bier Rave
# 18 . The Edge of Heaven ( Auf der anderen Seite ) ( 2007 )
Set in Germany and Turkey , his two homelands , Turkish - German writer - director Fatih Akin crafts an exquisite , thrilling story of six intertwined characters dealing with love , loss , family and politics in two very different cultures .
An especially great film for anyone , like myself , who has spent some time in Germany ( just a month ) and , especially , Turkey ( four months ) , though a captivating film even for those who 've never left their hometown .
# 17 . Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon
( Wo hu cang long ) ( 2000 )
Ang Lee 's first masterpiece on the decade , takes the martial arts film in a whole new artistic direction .
A thing of absolute beauty , featuring a thrilling storyline , terrific cast and some awesome action .
# 16 . Letters From Iwo Jima ( 2006 )
Clint Eastwood seals the deal .
Anyone who doubted he was truly one of the great filmmakers of the past two decades could no longer deny his genius after this gut - wrenching film , the companion piece to the inferior , yet still great , Flags Of Our Fathers .
Two films that show the horrors of war from both sides of the battlefield .
And how often have American ( or any other nation 's ) films shown the equal humanity of the enemy ?
Clint 's greatest moment .
# 15 . Volver ( 2006 )
Director Pedro Almodóvar and his muse , Penélope Cruz , work their magic once again .
Bad Education ( 2004 ) was good .
This was even better .
As I wrote in my Best Films of 2007 piece :
Yet another wonderful film from Pedro Almodóvar , Spain 's greatest filmmaker .
All of his recent films ( " All About My Mother " , " Talk To Her " , etc. ) have been fantastic and this , like the others , is a magical , beautiful , funny , dramatic , romantic , sad , moving , artistic , brilliant , vibrant film .
Enough said .
See it !
# 14 . No Country For Old Men ( 2007 )
The Coen Brothers conjure up yet another piece of cinematic gold .
A chilling , haunting portrayal of modern America .
As I wrote at the time :
A clear indictment of the seemingly inherent violent nature of American society , the film features outstanding performances from Josh Brolin , Tommy Lee Jones , Woody Harrelson , and , sounding incredibly authentic as a Texan , Scotland 's Kelly Macdonald .
But the standout in this great ensemble cast is clearly Javier Bardem , who , in a mindblowingly - good and very - deserved - Oscar - winning role , plays a psychotic hitman with a very unique style of killing .
Read my full rave here : Two Classics , Three Masters : The " No Country For Old Men " and " There Will Be Blood " Rave
# 13 . The Wind That Shakes The Barley ( 2006 )
The winner of the Palme d'Or at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival and probably director Ken Loach 's greatest film yet .
And I 'm a huge Ken Loach fan .
A breathtaking , heartbreaking film , set in Ireland during the war of independence and the subsequent civil war .
This could , in fact , be the story of any oppressed people anywhere fighting for their freedom from their oppressors ( and then , eventually , amongst themselves ) .
# 12 . I 've Loved You So Long ( Il y a longtemps que je t'aime ) ( 2008 )
Anyone who doubts the subtle greatness of French film needs to sit down and watch this emotionally devastating work of art .
A work of art that is , amazingly , writer / director Philippe Claudel 's very first film - a truly awesome debut !
Kristin Scott
Thomas will blow your mind with her performance here in this story of two long - separated sisters .
Both Elsa Zylberstein and Thomas are spellbinding in their scenes together , but , as a woman just released from prison , Kristin Scott Thomas gives a performance for the ages .
So subtle ... and yet so incredibly powerful .
I do n't think anyone who 's seen this film can figure out how she was n't even nominated for an Oscar .
The only explanation is that the Academy clearly is n't into subtle acting like this .
Give them Al Pacino screaming and shouting in Scent of A Woman any day .
But a masterfully subtle piece of acting like this ?
Forget about it !
# 11 . Inglourious Basterds ( 2009 )
After 2007 's disappointing Death Proof ( the only non-classic movie of his brilliant filmmaking career ) , Quentin Tarantino came storming back with this Jews - kicking - Nazi-ass revisionist history revenge fantasy .
And , really , who does n't like to see a little Nazi ass - kicking ?
Especially when it's this much fun .
Classic Tarantino !
THE TOP 10 :
Let me just stop here for a moment to say that these next ten films - and you could probably say the same thing about the Top 20 as well - are all examples of cinematic perfection .
And how do you really rank one perfect film above another ?
Well , I 've given it a go , but , truth be told , you could mix this order up and it really would n't make all that much difference .
These are all straight - up masterpieces :
# 10 . Slumdog Millionaire ( 2008 )
To quote what I wrote in my Best Films of 2009 ( and late - 2008 ) piece :
Director Danny Boyle ( Shallow Grave , Trainspotting , A Life Less Ordinary , The Beach , 28 Days Later ... , Sunshine ) conjures up his greatest film yet , a movie set in the slums of Mumbai ( Bombay ) that has it all : action , suspense , love , hope , misery , brutality , degradation , pain , suffering , and , eventually , triumph .
Epic , breathtaking filmmaking from a master .
Read my full rave here : The Slumdog Millionaire and Danny Boyle Rave
# 9 . Milk ( 2008 )
Gus Van
Sant has made some terrific films in the past ( Drugstore Cowboy , My Own Private Idaho , Good Will Hunting , Elephant ) , but nothing tops this incredible film about the life of gay activist Harvey Milk .
And Sean Penn ?
Well , Sean Penn gives his greatest performance to date and we 're talking about an actor who has given nothing but great performances for 30 years now .
Read my full rave here : The Milk Rave : Harvey Milk , Little Baby River and The Missing Scene
# 8 . The Departed ( 2006 )
Martin Scorsese 's greatest film of the decade , in a decade that saw him , for the fourth decade in a row , make a whole series of incredibly great films ( Gangs of New York , The Aviator , No Direction Home : Bob Dylan , Shine a Light ) .
Ok , so this may not be quite as magnificent and seminal as , say , Taxi Driver ( his best film of the ' 70s ) or Raging Bull ( his best of the ' 80s ) or Goodfellas ( his best of the ' 90s ) , but you can't really expect a guy to make one of the Top 10 Films of All - Time every single decade , can you ?
And , besides , The Departed is just as entertaining , if not more so , than those three classics .
Read my full rave here : The Martin Scorsese Departed Rave ( AKA The " Goddamn It MAN , Marty Has Done It Again ! " Rave )
# 7 . Pan's Labyrinth ( El laberinto del fauno ) ( 2006 )
Majestic filmmaking from Mexico's Guillermo del Toro ( Hellboy , the upcoming Hobbit movies ) , mixing fantasy , psychology and the brutality of Franco 's Spain immediately following the end of the Spanish Civil War .
A totally enthralling and absolutely original film .
# 6 . A History of Violence ( 2005 )
Over the last three decades Canadian filmmaker David Cronenberg has been doing some of the most exciting and wholly original work in the world of film ( Videodrome , The Fly , Dead Ringers , Naked Lunch , Crash , eXistenZ , Spider , etc. ) .
But it was n't until the second half of this past decade that he really started making his greatest films .
Both 2007 's Eastern Promises and , especially , this stunning tour de force put Cronenberg in a league with the Scorseses , Coens and Tarantinos of the world .
In other words , the man is one the greatest filmmakers alive .
Read my full review here : A History of Squid and Whale Violence Revisited : Two must - see films
# 5. Brokeback Mountain ( 2005 )
Ang Lee 's second work of cinematic perfection this decade ( after Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ) is a quiet , subtle work of beauty .
A cowboy movie that made all the cowboys feel uneasy ( and forced them to crack stupid jokes ) .
And a film that leaves all those with even the slightest bit of heart devastated .
Heath Ledger gives the performance of a lifetime , a lifetime that sadly ended just 3 years later .
Jake Gyllenhaal , who 's thankfully still with us , also gives a career performance .
And Michelle Williams and Anne Hathaway are outstanding as well .
# 4 . There Will Be Blood ( 2008 )
Greed and phoney - soul - savers battle it out for America 's soul and everyone comes out a loser in this brilliant metaphor for America during the last century .
For a guy who 's already made two masterpieces ( Boogie Nights , and Magnolia ) , Paul Thomas Anderson sure does n't rest on his laurels .
I had this at # 3 on my Best Films of 2008 list , but on further viewing I realized it actually belongs ahead of the fantastic Turkish film The Edge of Heaven .
Daniel Day - Lewis , already one of the greatest actors of all time , gives perhaps his greatest performance yet .
Make that , perhaps one of the greatest performances in the history of film .
Read my full rave here : Two Classics , Three Masters : The " No Country For Old Men " and " There Will Be Blood " Rave
# 3 . The Lives of Others ( Das Leben der Anderen ) ( 2007 )
In my Best Films of 2007 list I simply declared a Top 5 ( The Lives of Others , Pan 's Labyrinth , Volver , Eastern Promises , and The Darjeeling Limited ) rather than a # 1 film , but this was definitely my top film of that illustrious group .
As I wrote then :
It 's still extremely hard for me to believe that this absolutely perfect , completely mesmerizing and thoroughly thought - provoking film is German writer / director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck 's first film ... ever .
Captivating , thrilling , brilliantly acted and directed , it 's a film that stays with you for days afterwards .
It seems more like the work of a master filmmaker who , after having spent a couple of decades perfecting his / her craft , is now unleashing this career masterpiece on the world .
It does NOT feel like someone 's first attempt at filmmaking !
Not since Tarantino blew the film world 's collective mind with Reservoir Dogs has there been such an incredible first feature .
Set in East Germany in , not coincidently , 1984 , it 's a story about Stasi surveillance , but really it 's about much much more than that .
In the end , really , it 's a tale about human nature , both good and bad ... and downright ugly .
# 2 . The Diving Bell and The Butterfly ( Le scaphandre et le papillon ) ( 2007 )
The # 1 movie from my Best Films of 2008 list is also my # 2 film of the decade .
As I wrote then :
Filmmaking at its absolute best .
And , interestingly , an American movie filmed entirely in French .
You know you 're dealing with one hell of a great filmmaker when the story of a completely paralyzed man writing his autobiography one letter of the alphabet at a time - communicating to the person transcribing it through an excruciatingly - slow system of blinks - is not only far from boring , but somehow completely fascinating and captivating .
And one hell of a great filmmaker is exactly what Julian Schnabel is .
His first film , Basquiat ( 1996 ) , was terrific , while his second , Before Night Falls ( 2000 ) , was truly fantastic , but this , his third film , is his masterpiece .
# 1. Eternal Sunshine of The Spotless Mind ( 2004 )
If every one of these top few films of the decade is extraordinary , then to make it to # 1 a film really needs to be a truly original , mindblowingly great experience .
And that 's exactly what Eternal Sunshine of The Spotless Mind is .
When I first saw this film back in 2004 I simply thought it was fantastic .
However , on second viewing I glimpsed it 's true brilliance .
Director Michel Gondry , screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , and the two leads , Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet , all hit career peeks .
If you have n't seen this film yet , the obvious question arises : WTF are you doing with your life ?!
Read my full rave here :
The " Eternal Sunshine of Charlie Kaufman 's Mind " Rave
THE TOP 12 DOCUMENTARIES OF THE DECADE :
# 12 . Anvil !
The Story of Anvil ( Sacha Gervasi , 2008 )
Hilarious , sad , heartwarming , inspiring and moving .
All just like the band these Canadian rockers most resemble : Spinal Tap .
# 11 . Tyson ( James Toback , 2008 )
James Tobak 's fascinating look at Iron Mike , who bares his soul here , becoming much more human than the beast he has seemed to be at times .
# 10 . Why We Fight ( Eugene Jarecki , 2005 )
A fascinating exposé of the military - industrial complex .
# 9 . The Corporation ( Mark Achbar and Jennifer Abbott , 2003 )
A look at how corporations came to dominate the modern world economy , government policies and so much more .
# 8 . Food Inc. ( Robert Kenner , 2008 )
A disturbing look at the modern food industry .
Specifically an expose about how a very small number of multinational corporations control our entire food system .
# 7 . The Power of Nightmares : The Rise of the Politics of Fear ( Adam Curtis , 2004 )
The title says it all .
# 6 . Man On Wire ( James Marsh , 2008 )
Fantastic doc about the thrilling ( and highly illegal ) stunt performed by French daredevil Philippe Petit in 1974 when he walked a tightrope between the twin towers of New York 's World Trade Center .
# 5 . My Winnipeg ( Guy Maddin , 2007 )
Lifetime Winnipegger Guy Maddin takes on his hometown and comes up with one of the greatest documentaries about a specific place ever made .
And not to mention one of the funniest docs of all time .
And did I mention this is a film about my mom's hometown ?
# 4 . No Direction Home : Bob Dylan ( Martin Scorsese , 2005 )
Martin Scorsese 's fascinating and truly fantastic 3.5 - hour look at the 40 - plus year career of Bob Dylan .
# 3 . The Fog of War ( Errol Morris , 2003 )
Robert S. McNamara , Secretary of Defense from 1961 to 1968 , under both Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson , opens up about how he personally , and the American government as as a whole , got it so wrong in Vietnam .
# 2. Sicko ( Michael Moore , 2007 )
Michael Moore 's best film yet .
Read my full rave here .
# 1 . The Cove ( Louie Psihoyos , 2009 )
A disturbing look at the dolphin slaughter in Japan and an inspiring look at those who are trying to stop it .
Half documentary , half suspense thriller .
THE TOP TEN STRAIGHT -UP COMEDIES OF THE DECADE :
# 10 . Knocked Up ( 2007 )
# 9 . Little Miss Sunshine ( 2006 )
# 8 . Amelie From Montmartre ( Le fabuleux destin d'Amélie Poulain ) ( 2001 )
# 7 . The 40 Year Old Virgin ( 2005 )
# 6 . Tropic Thunder ( 2008 )
# 5 . Meet The Parents ( 2000 )
# 4 . The Hangover ( 2009 )
THE TOP 3 :
# 3. Napolean Dynamite ( 2004 )
Eventually hyped out of all - proportion , but fresh , incredibly original and absolutely hilarious when first released .
# 2. Borat : Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan ( 2006 )
Sacha Baron Cohen , who also created the characters of Ali G and Bruno , takes his greatest creation of all to the big screen in , perhaps , the most outrageous , daring , revealing hit comedy ever made .
For all the criticism leveled at the film and the character , there 's no way to deny the brilliance in which Borat / Cohen gets people to reveal their true bigoted thoughts on topics both large and small .
Oh , and few films have made me laugh harder ... ever !
# 1. Best In Show ( 2000 )
It all came together perfectly for director and writer Christopher Guest , co-writer Eugene Levy and their regular troupe of subtle comical geniuses ( Catherine O'Hara , Parker Posey , Michael McKean , John Michael Higgins , Jane Lynch , etc. ) in this mockumentary about dog shows .
Everything and everyone clicks perfectly , but the whole thing is taken right over the top to comedy heaven by Fred Willard as a TV sports reporter sent to cover a dog show he knows absolutely nothing about .
Hilarious , even on the fifth or sixth viewing .
THE TOP FIVE ANIMATED KIDS FILMS OF THE DECADE THAT WERE SIMPLY GREAT FILMS NO MATTER YOUR AGE :
# 5. Ratatouille ( 2007 )
# 4 . The Incredibles ( 2004 )
# 3 . Up ( 2009 )
# 2. Shrek ( 2001 )
# 1. Wall - E ( 2008 )
THE TOP THREE MUSICALS OF THE DECADE :
I 'm not a big fan of musicals - I mean , I have no idea why people loved Chicago so much - but there were three musicals released this decade that I really did love :
# 3. Moulin Rouge ! ( 2001 )
Australian director Baz Luhrmann reinvents the musical and takes us on a thrilling ride .
Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor dance , sing and act their asses off .
Great fun !
# 2. Dreamgirls ( 2006 )
As I wrote in my Best Films of 2007 piece :
This is a musical that even haters of musicals can enjoy .
Great songs , terrific performances and a story actually worth following , one based on Motown Records and its biggest act , the Supremes .
It usually just seems silly when people break into song mid-conversation , but it 's obviously much less jarring and unreal when actual singers playing singers in a story about singers start singing .
Now , a film about a family who break into song every few minutes while plotting to escape the Nazis through the Austrian Alps , well that 's a whole other story .
# 1. Once ( 2007 )
Again , to quote what I wrote in my piece on the Best Films of 2007 :
Another musical , but this one is unlike any you 've ever seen before .
None of the dialogue is sung , instead it 's all spoken like in any regular film , but the songs - those of star , and real - life rocker , Glen Hansard - are the heart and soul of the film .
And what songs they are !
While Dreamgirls may be an old - style musical , this is a completely modern tale , and film .
A simple , yet wonderful , story of two artists - played by Hansard and Marketa Irglova - whose paths cross in modern day Dublin .
Anyone who knows anything about music knows that the Irish make beautiful sounds .
And anyone who really loves music , particularly acoustic music , simply must see this small independent Irish film from writer / director John Carney .
Trust me , if you love personal , individualist , unique filmmaking , you 're going to love this movie .
AND A FEW OTHER LISTS :
THE TOP FIVE MOST DARING , AMBITIOUS FILMS OF THE DECADE :
Bruno ( 2009 )
Borat seemed daring and risque when it came out , but it was a Disney film compared to this outrageous , intentionally - shocking and often hilarious follow - up from the always scandalous mind of Sacha Baron Cohen .
Synecdoche , New York ( 2008 )
I thought this film , which Roger Ebert called the best of the decade , was fascinating , but not one of the best films of the year , let alone the decade .
But , then again , I only saw it once .
But it sure was an ambitious story , whatever it was all about .
Mulholland Dr. ( 2001 ) and Inland Empire ( 2006 )
You do n't have to fully understand David Lynch 's recent films to understand his ambition to f %$k with your mind .
Who knows if he even really understands what 's going on in Inland Empire .
But he remains a master filmmaker and Mulholland Dr. was certainly a great film , if somewhat bewildering .
Though I do wish he'd make another masterpiece like Blue Velvet .
Avatar ( 2009 )
For risking 12 years of his life , 300 million dollars and , most likely , his career if it had bombed , James Cameron 's Avatar .
Now the biggest film of all time .
THE TOP FILMMAKERS OF THE DECADE ( in alphabetical order ) :
Wes Anderson
The Royal Tenenbaums ( 2001 ) , The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou ( 2004 ) , The Darjeeling Limited ( 2007 ) , Fantastic Mr. Fox ( 2009 )
The Coen Brothers
O Brother , Where Art Thou ? ( 2000 ) , The Man Who Was n't There ( 2001 ) , The Ladykillers ( 2004 ) , No Country for Old Men ( 2007 ) , Burn After Reading ( 2008 ) , A Serious Man ( 2009 )
David Cronenberg
Spider ( 2002 ) , A History of Violence ( 2005 ) , Eastern Promises ( 2007 )
Ang Lee
Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ( 2000 ) , Hulk ( 2003 ) , Brokeback Mountain ( 2005 ) , Lust , Caution ( 2007 ) , Taking Woodstock ( 2009 )
Michael Moore
Bowling for Columbine ( 2002 ) , Fahrenheit 9/11 ( 2004 ) , Sicko ( 2007 ) , Capitalism : A Love Story ( 2009 )
Martin Scorsese
Gangs of New York ( 2002 ) , The Aviator ( 2004 ) , No Direction Home : Bob Dylan ( 2005 ) , The Departed ( 2006 ) , Shine a Light ( 2008 )
Quentin Tarantino
Kill Bill : Vol. 1 ( 2003 ) , Kill Bill : Vol. 2 ( 2004 ) , Death Proof ( 2007 ) , Inglourious Basterds ( 2009 )
THE BEST SCREENWRITER OF THE DECADE :
Charlie Kaufman
Human Nature ( 2001 ) , Confessions of a Dangerous Mind ( 2002 ) , Adaptation . ( 2002 ) , Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ( 2004 ) , Synecdoche , New York ( 2008 ) , and let 's not forget that Being John Malkovich was released in America at the very , very end of 1999 , and in 2000 everywhere else in the world .
THE MOVIES I WATCHED THE MOST THIS DECADE ( REGARDLESS OF YEAR RELEASED ) :
I watched each of these three classic comedies at least 4 or 5 times over the past ten years and for some reason they never get old .
I 've watched Spinal Tap more than any other movie in my life ( with the possible exception of Monty Python 's Life of Brian ) , at least 10 times by now .
And it 's absolutely f& *$ in ' hilarious every single time .
This Is Spinal Tap ( 1984 )
The Big Lebowski ( 1998 )
Best in Show ( 2000 )
ANOTHER 50 :
And , hey , what the heck , these films are all too good not to at least give a quick mention , so here , in alphabetical order , are another 50 must - see films from the last ten years :
21 Grams , ( 500 ) Days of Summer , Amal , An Inconvenient Truth , Away From Her , Away We Go , The Aviator , Babel , Bad Education ( La mala educación ) , Batman Begins , A Beautiful Mind , Before Night Falls , Born Into Brothels , Bowling For Columbine , Burn After Reading , Cache , Capote , Casteaway , Changeling , Choke , The Constant Gardener , Crash , The Dark Knight , District 9 , Fahrenheit 9/11 , Frozen River , The Fountain , Gangs of New York , Girlfight , Goodnight and Good Luck , Gone Baby Gone , Honeydripper , Iris , The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou , Little Children , Michael Clayton , Monster 's Ball , Moon , Motorcycle Diaries , My Life Without Me , The Namesake , Nobody Knows ( Dare mo shiranai ) , The Royal Tenenbaums , Sexy Beast , Sideways , The Son ( Le Fils ) , Summer Hours ( L'heure d'été ) , Thirteen , This Is England , and United 93 .
So , there you have 'em : The 100 ( 150 ) best films of the decade .
If you have n't already seen all of these , get out there and start watching .
And if you think I missed something , post a comment and let me know .
Strongly agree or disagree with a particular inclusion ?
Again , post a comment .
Have anything at all to say about film , post that comment .
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Friday , January 29th , 2010
POSTSCRIPT ( February 2010 ) : I just saw the Coen Brothers terrific late - 2009 dark comedy , A Serious Man , and I absolutely loved it ... and I 'm pretty sure it would have made this list had I seen it in time .
Now check out my picks for the best music of the past ten years :
The Top Albums , Songs and Artists of the Decade
And the Biggest Dicks of The Decade : 2000 - 2009
And here are :
My Picks For The Best Films of 2009
My Picks For The Best 25 Films of 2008
My Picks For The Best Films of 2007
For more on film click here : MikesAndDislikes Film : Home
Or here : Film : General
Or here : Film : Raves & Reviews
Friday morning when the Sharks took to the ice for a short practice at HP Pavilion , Brad Staubitz got to have a little fun for the day .
As the Sharks were down to just five defenders for practice , Staubitz stepped in to his original hockey role and played alongside Rob Blake for drills .
“ I liked him at D , ” Blake said .
“ Once you play D , you never forget it .
” There ’s no guarantee Staubitz can quickly regain his membership in the defensemen ’s union though .
“ He wants to be part of the D really bad , ” Dan Boyle said with a smile .
“ I just do n’t know .
This is a hard group to crack .
” Staubitz laughed about finding his roots and that it was like stepping back in time to when he originally signed with the Sharks .
“ I ’m a born - again , ” he said with a big smile .
The reason Staubitz was on the backend was Marc - Edouard Vlasic missed much of the last game and was held out of practice to be further evaluated for an injury ( Coach Todd McLellan already noted that Vlasic would be fine ) .
Staubitz enjoyed the rigors of practice and the refresher course on the blueline for the odd occasion he would play there again in a game .
“ Practice was upbeat and it was a nice little change of pace , ” Staubitz said .
“ It gives you a different look of the game .
” It had been a while since Staubitz played with the defensemen as he ’s been a forward during McLellan ’s tenure .
“ I played D last year for a shift or two here and in Worcester last year , ” Staubitz said .
“ Before the last year - and - a- half , I had been a defenseman my whole life .
” Should Staubitz get the call in the spot on Saturday , he would welcome it with open arms .
“ Just wherever they want me to fill in , I ’m happy , ” Staubitz said .
From the player ’s perspective , each position has its positives .
“ On point shots you get to blast it for a tip , ” said Staubitz of the backend .
“ Forward is more fun and you get to be more offensive and creative .
I think forwards have an easier time getting the big hits .
It ’s nice being able to hunt a D - man instead of being attacked .
You know what he ’s thinking when he hears those footsteps .
” As for a preference ?
“ I ’d like to be able to play both regularly .
That would be a goal of mine , ” Staubitz said .
However , there are no thoughts of playing in net .
“ Goalie ?
No , ” Staubitz said emphatically .
“ I ’m not weird enough .
” JUGGLEThe Sharks coaching staff had its hands full against Chicago since Vlasic played just 7:25 against the Blackhawks on Thursday night .
San Jose simply juggled the time of the other five defensemen .
“ The rotation is easier with six guys instead of five , ” Blake said .
There are times though when even if the club is healthy , five blueliners will be used at crunch time .
“ ’ Pickles ’ went down and the D did a good job of handling the minutes , ” Boyle said .
Boyle had the birds - eye view for part of the game as he watched from the press box .
“ It ’s been a while since I ’ve been up there ( in the press box ) , ” Boyle said .
“ That ’s a good thing .
You definitely see the game from a different angle .
” No decision has been made on whether Boyle or Vlasic will return for Saturday ’s game with Minnesota .
“ Every day it gets better , ” Boyle said .
“ I ’m not ready to give the green light .
If I can go , I ’ll be playing .
” While there are no guarantees for either Boyle or Vlasic ’s return , the prognosis does n’t look long term for either player .
“ ’ Pickles ’ will be fine , ” McLellan said .
“ He ’ll be reviewed today and we ’ll see how he and Boyle are for tomorrow .
” SHORTERFriday ’s practice time was more along the lines of what the Sharks will experience going down the stretch .
“ 35 - 40 minutes is pretty much the standard for the amount of hockey we ’ve played , ” McLellan said .
OPPONENTNo NHL coach will cheer for an opponent at their own expense , but after a slow start for new Wild Head Coach Todd Richards , McLellan is glad his former San Jose assistant has the Wild playing better .
“ We have some ties to the Minnesota Wild with Todd Richards , ” McLellan said .
“ ( Assistant Coach ) Matt ( Shaw ) and I came from the Wild and know their younger players .
” CHANGESSan Jose Sharks Executive Vice President and General Manager Doug Wilson announced today that the club has reassigned forward Logan Couture and defenseman Jason Demers to the Worcester Sharks , the team ’s top development affiliate in the American Hockey League .
Couture has two points ( one goal , one assist ) in 12 games with the Sharks this season .
With Worcester , Couture leads the team in scoring with 44 points ( 18 goals , 26 assists ) in 32 games and a plus - 13 rating .
He leads all AHL rookies in points and is T - 8th among all AHL players .
Demers has played in 39 games with San Jose , posting 16 points ( two goals , 14 assists ) and a plus - 9 rating .
In eight games with Worcester , Demers has six points ( two goals , four assists ) and a plus - seven rating .
NEXT GAMESan
Jose will play hosts to Minnesota Saturday at 7:30 p.m. and tickets can be found at the HP Pavilion Ticket Office and at www.ticketmaster.com.
The contest will be on CSN California , 98.5 KFOX and sjsharks.com .
Girl vs. Guy Advice
This comic is an adaptation of a story which was inspired by events which were based on a true story .
Alt - Text : " No ?
What 's her phone number again ?
You must have that . "
您好
Hello
您的網站目前暫時被停權。
Your WebSite Has Been Suspended .
如有任何疑問請向客服人員聯繫。
Please contact the billing / support department as soon as possible .
When photographers ask about ways to spice up their work , one of my favorite suggestions is to experiment with infrared photography .
This technique captures light from the near - infrared end of the spectrum , which is otherwise invisible to the human eye .
The resulting photos can be beautiful and dramatic , with bright , glowing foliage set against a darkened sky .
Infrared photography has experienced a resurgence in the digital age because there are many easy - to - use options for capturing IR light .
However , not all cameras can see this type of light .
Here ’s a breakdown of what you need and how to set up your shot when experimenting with IR photography .
The gear
Digital sensors are great at recording the infrared spectrum .
However , to improve the camera ’s performance with normal photography , manufacturers now often install a filter that blocks infrared light — thereby severely curtailing the camera ’s IR capabilities .
As a result , you may want to look for an older digital camera — such as the Olympus C-2020 Z , Nikon CoolPix 950 , or my personal favorite , the Canon G1 — which is n’t as IR - crippled as modern models .
In fact , I ’ve held on to the 3 - megapixel G1 , which is the most IR - sensitive of my cameras , specifically for this type of photography .
In addition to a compatible camera , you ’ll also need a special IR filter , such as the Hoya R72 , which lets infrared light through but blocks much of the visible light spectrum .
If you have an iPhone 3GS , you may also be able to use it as an IR camera .
In my tests , I found it to be surprisingly sensitive to infrared light .
However , figuring out how to secure the filter and control the focus requires a lot of practice and patience .
Checking your camera
To get an idea of how sensitive your digital camera is to infrared light , try pointing a TV remote at it .
Watch the LCD as you press any button on the remote .
( To use this test with a DSLR , it needs to offer a LiveView mode for previewing shots on the LCD . )
If you see a white dot on the screen , then your camera is detecting infrared light .
The brighter the dot , the more sensitive your camera is .
That said , I ’ve found that the most reliable way to test your camera ’s performance is to mount the filter and go outside to shoot .
If you ’re willing to invest some money in the pursuit , you can have an older DSLR modified for IR photography by third party technicians such as Life Pixel .
For a few hundred dollars , the company will remove the IR - cut filter from the camera and replace it with an IR - sensitive filter .
This makes handheld shooting easier because more light can reach the sensor than with a thick external filter .
Getting the shot
The best part of IR photography is that midday is the perfect time to shoot — providing creative opportunities during what most people consider the worst time of day for visible - light photography .
Because the dense IR filter will make your image fairly dark , it can be difficult to compose a shot on the LCD in very bright sunlight .
Instead , remove the IR filter on a tripod - mounted camera , compose the shot , then put the filter back on before setting the exposure .
The dense filter will require longer exposure times , so you ’ll definitely want to bring along a tripod , too .
Even when shooting in broad daylight with my Canon G1 , I use a shutter speed of 1/15 of a second at f / 2 and ISO 200 .
If I stop down the aperture to f /5.6 or f/8 , exposures can easily become 1/2 second and longer .
It can be tempting to switch to a high ISO setting to shorten the long exposure time .
However , at an ISO of 400 and above , you ’ll see plenty of image noise in your enlargements .
There ’s nothing really wrong with this since film IR is grainy too .
But if you ’re using a tripod to steady your camera , you can tone down the noise by shooting at a lower ISO .
The results
Although we often think of dramatic black and white images for this type of photography , your camera will actually record them in color — albeit an odd tone that is often magenta tinted .
You could avoid this by putting in camera in B &W mode , but I prefer to leave my creative options open and record in color .
You can always convert to grayscale in post production , or you may choose to play with the color to eerie effect .
If all of this seems like too much work , check back tomorrow for the second installment of this discussion in which I ’ll show you how to edit your photos to look like IR images with iPhone apps and Mac software .
[ Senior Contributor and professional photographer Derrick Story teaches photography on Lynda.com and publishes a weekly podcast at The Digital Story . ]
Content eXperience Agency
Nós nascemos do conteúdo , mas somos mais do que isso .
Acreditamos em uma comunicação pensada na experiência do usuário , em um conteúdo que transborda e conduz o público a uma experiência única .
Content eXperience é a união de quem somos e seremos .
Vamos construir o novo juntos ?
Water Drop at 2000 Frames per second - Bounces
interesting Posted 10 years ago by nojump in category :
I never really cared for the classic look of Linkysis routers to be perfectly honest .
The solution : dress it up with Lego .
That 's just what Luke Anderson did with an old WRT54GL .
He noticed that the guts fit nicely with the dimensions of Lego bricks , so he set about making a new case .
The entire build can be seen in the video and is detailed on his blog .
[ Luke Anderson via Crunchgear ]
It seems like it 's becoming easier and easier these days to find rants from people about why C++ sucks .
To see how easy it is , just go to google and type " C++ Sucks " and you 'll find tons of blogs , just like this one , albeit with people making the opposite argument as the one I 'm going to make .
Since there seems to be so many people explaining why C++ sucks , I figured I might as well play devil 's advocate and argue why C++ does n't suck .
First , we might as well establish before we even start that the point I 'm arguing for here ( that C++ does n't suck ) is part meaningless , and part obvious .
What does it even mean to say that a language sucks ?
Sure , there are things that are easier in some languages or other languages , and there are languages that are prone to user error more often than in other languages , but does that make the entire language suck ?
I think we should agree that in order for an entire language to suck , there must be no compelling reason to use it for any purpose in any industry .
Such a language should excel at nothing , and lag behind at everything .
With that out of the way , I think the most logical place to start is by responding to some common complaints about C++.
One of the most well known opponents of C++ is Linus Torvalds .
I do n't necessarily think that just because Linux is his brainchild that his opinion automatically holds more weight than anyone else 's opinion on why C++ sucks , but since he 's the most well - known , I 'll start there .
Linus : " It 's made horrible by the fact that a lot of substandard programmers use it , to the point that it 's much easier to generate complete and utter crap with it . "
Are we talking about a property of the language here , or a property of the people using it ?
Haskell is more difficult than C++ , but not a lot of substandard programmers use it .
So is one to infer that the only reason Haskell is a good language and C++ is a bad language is because Haskell does n't have substandard programmers ?
How does Perl fit into this picture ?
It 's just as easy to generate complete and utter crap with Perl , and the reason for that actually is a property of the language .
No doubt a lot of people will just respond by saying that Perl also sucks , but far fewer than will say that C++ sucks .
Linus : C++ leads to really really bad design choices .
You invariably start using the " nice " library features of the language like STL and Boost and other total and utter crap , that may " help " you program , but causes :
- infinite amounts of pain when they do n't work ( and anybody who tells me that STL and especially Boost are stable and portable is just so full of BS that it 's not even funny )
- inefficient abstracted programming models where two years down the road you notice that some abstraction was n't very efficient , but now all your code depends on all the nice object models around it , and you cannot fix it without rewriting your app . "
First of all , when he says " You " invariably start using ... is this the substandard programmer " you " again ?
In any case , the source code of STL is always available , and Boost is fully open source and peer reviewed .
Furthermore , I hate to say something that may seem like a personal attack ( even though it 's definitely not ) but some of the biggest contributors to Boost are probably quite a bit smarter than Linus .
Not to downplay him personally or his contributions to the community , but rather the converse , to demonstrate how great and unbelievable the contributions of the people on Boost have been .
I get the feeling that Linus has n't used Boost very much .
I do n't blame him , after all he hates C++ and Boost has a high learning curve , what motivation could he possibly have for trying to learn it ?
But here , answer me this :
- What do you do when writing cross- platform code in C and you need to make heavy use of the filesystem ?
Can you make an API in C that handles this easily and is easy to use ?
Even most higher level languages do n't have very detailed and complete filesystem APIs that are generic enough to be used across multiple platforms .
- What if you 're writing an application built around an i/o completion port model of asynchronous io and the app should work on multiple platforms ?
How long would it take you to create such a library in C that provided a single interface for clients of your library to use ?
Well maybe he can't buy any of these arguments because he said himself that Boost is neither portable nor stable ( wrong on both counts but oh well ) .
What if you need to write a non-portable app that preprocesses C or C ++?
Oh hey , I can do that in a few lines of code with Boost .
Wave .
Okay , enough about Linus ' complaints with C++.
How about some more general complaints that are n't directly related to how C is better than C ++.
http://damienkatz.net/2004/08/why-c-sucks.html
Here is a blog that explains that C++ sucks because he could n't find an elegant solution to manage HMODULEs ( which for those who do n't know anything about windows are sort of like a specialized type of file descriptor ) .
I guess the author is n't familiar with reference counting though , because a shared_ptr <> solves this problem immediately with no extra work involved .
http://www.dacris.com/blog/2009/02/10/WhyCSucksSortOf.aspx
Here is a blog that explains that C++ ( kind of ) sucks for a bunch of reasons , all of which are , as usual , invalid .
In this particular blog , the author is only comparing it with Java .
Ant vs. make -
Completely irrelevant .
You can use Ant with C++ projects , and you can use make with Java projects .
Pointers -
" Do you really need pointers ?
Do you really need to convert integers ( memory addresses ) to objects ? "
Yes actually , I do .
I guess the author has never worked on embedded software or real time systems .
Or games for that matter .
Or I guess anything other than canned business software .
Try making a game in C++ / DirectX and then try doing the same game in XNA implemented using C# .
Make a scene with a single model and write some code that determines , when the user clicked the mouse , if an object was intersected and if so which point on the object was intersected .
In C++ this is trivial .
You have direct access to the Vertex Buffer you can simply offset into it , cast it to a pointer , and you 're done .
In XNA using C# , there is no good way to do this .
The recommended way , which is pretty freaking awful ( although admittedly very simple ) , is to write an fairly simple extension to the build system that augments the model with easily accessible vertex information .
But here 's the thing :
The model already contains all the vertex information in the vertex buffer .
Doing this approach at a * minimum * doubles the amount of storage required for a model 's vertex information .
You 're storing the exact same information twice .
" Are you willing to put up with the hassle of manually collecting garbage ( using delete statements ) ? "
Actually no , I 'm not .
That 's why I do n't do it in C ++.
Instead , I use reference counted pointers and automatically scoped pointers about 99 % of the time .
I actually do n't remember the last time I manually invoked the delete keyword , but I invoke the new keyword constantly .
" How are you going to test that you do n't have memory leaks ? "
Sorry , are you trying to imply that Java and other managed languages do n't have memory leaks ?
Because this is certainly not the case .
If you leave a dangling reference around , you have memory leaks in Java and any other garbage collected language .
In any case , I 'll probably test that I do n't have memory leaks the same way as I would in a managed language : by using a profiler .
CPU Architecture and OS -
" What if the architecture you 're working on uses 48 - bit memory addresses and you want to port your program to an architecture that uses 64 - bit memory addresses ?
Have you thought about how you 're going to do that ? "
Of course , although I think a better example would have been 32 and 64 - bit .
C++ has a keyword called sizeof ( ) that lets you determine how big a pointer is .
Admittedly it requires more care than in managed languages , but I really do n't remember the last time I saw an actual programmer using magic numbers in their code .
I suppose it happens though , maybe this is related to Linus ' " substandard programmers " ?
" What CPU are you programming for ? "
Does n't matter .
We 're talking about C++ , not assembly .
" What OS ? "
Rarely matters .
I 'm using Boost and STL .
The times where it does matter , Java would n't help me anyway .
For example , my application deals with the filesystem and I need to be able to manage all types of objects that might exist on the filesystem .
On windows this means Junctions , Symbolic Links , Hard Links , etc . On Linux this means Pipes , Sockets , Block Devices , Char Devices , etc .
Does Java abstract all of this out for me so that I do n't need to know what Operating System I 'm on ?
" Are you going to use Unicode ? "
One of the only points in this blog I agree with .
But only a little .
C++0 x has full unicode support .
JUnit -
" Unit testing : How will you do it in C ++ ? "
Probably using Boost .
Unit .
Graphical User Interface -
" Suppose you want a GUI for your application .
Which one will you use ?
Gtk , Qt , Win32 , MFC , .NET ? "
I 'm not sure if this is a serious question .
I thought we were talking about C++ , why is .NET listed ?
Win32 and MFC are clearly platform specific , so I obviously wo n't be using them if cross - platform is a concern .
Gtk and Qt are both fine and both do a decent job emulating a native GUI .
So , again I 'm not sure if this is a serious question .
Perhaps an even better answer is in order though .
I wo n't use any Gui toolkit , because I wo n't develop GUI code in C ++.
Why would I use the language for something which it does n't excel at ?
That 's stupid .
A good programmer knows how to make use of many different tools and picks the one most appropriate for the job .
If I only cared about Windows I 'd use a .NET gui and invoke my C++ code through C++/CLI or PInvoke .
If I needed a cross- platform GUI I 'd write it in Java and use JNI .
There are plenty of things that Java does n't excel at either , why are n't you talking about how to write Java code that deals with unsigned types , whether they be stored in a database , a file , or coming from the network or some server ?
probably because it's a freaking nightmare in Java , and of course there are languages much more suitable for this type of work if it's a huge part of your application .
Web Applications -
" What are you going to do about web applications ? "
Nothing .
I 'll use .
NET , Java , or something else more appropriate .
Again with the one - size - fits - all .
Dynamic Linking - " Suppose you want to enable your application to have plugins , so that other developers can contribute parts of your application without seeing the core application 's source code .
How exactly are you going to do this ?
In Windows , you can use DLLs .
What about in Linux ?
How are you going to distinguish between the two ? "
The more I read this the more I realize the author just does n't have any experience with C++.
We 're working off the assumption that this app is cross platform .
So how hard is it to require that the plugin be cross - platform too ?
In this hypothetical situation I 'm already producing a different binary for both Windows and Linux , each of which uses some platform specific code ( even though except in specialized situations all that platform specific code is hidden in the depths of Boost , STL , or some other 3rd party library ) .
Is it that hard to just say that plugin compiles on both platforms as well ?
It then exposes a simple C- interface of routines that the main application dynamically links to ( LoadLibrary / GetProcAddress on windows , dlopen / dlsym on Linux ) .
Problem solved , simple .
Exceptions vs. Core Dumps -
" Would you rather receive an exception or a core dump when something goes seriously wrong in your application ? "
Obviously a core dump .
But is this a hypothetical application that has no logging , where we must make a mutually exclusive choice between exceptions and core dumps ?
All production quality apps would be writing to a log file and keeping track of anything unexpected .
Despite that , I agree core dumps are more useful if you have to have one or the other .
But this poster seems to be arguing that if Java is better at anything then C++ must be terrible .
By that same logic , if C++ is better at anything , then Java must be terrible .
Well C++ is better at things .
One example is interfacing directly with the O/S .
In conclusion , neither language is terrible .
They just excel at different things .
I think I should at least mention a few of my own thoughts on why C++ does n't suck -- some advantages of C++ over other languages if you will .
C++ has a very strong , flexible type system .
The word ' painfully ' certainly does n't instill confidence in how awesome something is , but in the case of a type system the stronger the better .
The more things the compiler can do for you the better the code will be .
Sure , there are certain problems that just flat out can't be solved at compile - time , like catching buffer overruns , but it 's well - known that type - problems represent a massive percentage of logic errors .
I know what you 're thinking .
" Are you f**king kidding me ?
You can cast arbitrary objects to pointers of any other type , and you call that strong ? "
Well , err ..
No actually .
That 's a clear violation of a strong type system .
But I 've always subscribed to the philosophy that when you need a jackhammer , it 's really nice to have a jackhammer sitting around , even if it 's dusty .
So what do I mean by a strong type system then ?
The const keyword is one of the most excellent examples .
It 's one of the reasons I feel uncomfortable in almost every other language , no matter how well I understand the syntax and paradigms .
It is really , really , really useful to have the compiler enforce that the state of certain objects cannot be modified .
I absolutely hate the fact that Java and C# do n't have an equivalent of this .
Haskell and ML have this automatically since they 're functional languages and you do n't modify values anyway you create new values , and this is such a powerful feature for the same reason that functional languages are so powerful .
Not being able to modify state is actual the fundamental differentiating factor of functional languages and what makes them as unique and powerful as they are , and in a way the ' const ' keyword in C++ brings us ever so slightly closer to this .
From a design standpoint , it 's terrible knowing that 100 % of the time , if I pass an instance of a class to a function , I have no guarantee about the state of that object after the function returns .
I 'd love to hear about other languages that support this type of type checking , I can't think of any off the top of my head .
Code Generation
I 've already talked about this a little above , but code generation really takes generic programming to the next level .
Of course , there is always a tradeoff .
In C++ the tradeoff is difficult to diagnose error messages and easily misunderstood / misused features .
Difficult to diagnose error messages should eventually be a thing of the past , particularly if Concepts ever make it into C++0 x as a technical report or something , although it 's definitely annoying in the meantime .
With some practice though you begin to easily be able to skip over all the BS and figure out the meat of an error message , especially if you frequently use the same compiler .
Misunderstood / misuse of features is the biggest issue when it comes to generic programming in C++ , and it can definitely be a project killer in extreme cases ( I 've worked on projects that were literally killed because of this ) .
Like I said earlier , coding standards should be tailored to the lowest common denominator of programmer that will be on a given team .
C++ is a more advanced language than it was 6 or 7 years ago .
I agree it 's just not appropriate for certain people to be using all of its functionality .
The real issue here is that " old- style " C++ programmers are still trying to program in C++ and applying old - style C++ practices to codebases in which new - style C++ methodologies are being used .
This is a bit of a fundamental problem , in some respects it would have been nice if the current evolution of C++ were just a completely new language that was simply not backwards compatible with old C ++.
I agree this is a real problem though , and probably the biggest problem facing C++ currently .
The best solution until we see what the future has in store is to know the programmers on your team .
So , where is all of this leading ?
I concede that C++ is growing increasingly difficult to master and it takes a certain breed of programmer to be able to deal with all of its intricacies .
I too have been burned by the terrible template programmer who ends up leaving me re-writing his entire framework because he came up with a bad design using templates .
Does this mean C++ sucks ?
No , it just means that your coding standard should be somewhat tied to the lowest common denominator of C++ programmer on your team .
On that note , nobody , and I mean nobody should be using C++ without Boost .
I 'm serious , it should be just as required to use Boost as it is to uses classes and object - oriented design .
I 'm not going to sit around and argue about the pros and cons of object - oriented design ( of which it has both , just like anything else in the world ) , so if you reject that objects are useful then be my guest .
Is Boost complicated ?
Yes , it is .
But it is possible to realize massive benefits from boost while only using an extremely small subset of the available functionality .
If all you use is boost : : shared_ptr you already gain massive benefits .
It 's honestly a little insane to completely reject boost .
C++0 x takes this one step further and eliminates even more of the complexity currently involved in using C++. things like shared_ptr and threads are built into the language .
Unicode support is built into the language .
In the past I would say that C++'s main advantage has been viewed as being very close to the OS while still providing a reasonable model of object oriented design .
I would say that this is changing .
C++'s main strength is starting to become it 's ability to express generic code .
Even better , you don 't have to be an expert in * writing * generic code to take advantage of this .
Leave that to the academics and the library designers if you think it 's too complicated .
All you have to do is use what 's already out there .
If you have neither the need for generic code nor the need to be close to the operating system , obviously there 's going to be a more appropriate language for you .
If you have the need for both of these ( or even for just one of them ) , then C++ is still very appropriate .
I think you 'll be hard pressed to find an application that does n't benefit from generic programming though .
C++ is certainly rather verbose at expressing highly generic code , much moreso than its highly generic competitors like Haskell or ML so if * all * you care about is genericity then one of those languages might be more appropriate .
But in some ways , C++ is actually more generic than these languages just due to its code generation abilities .
But those languages are completely dead in the water if you need to program close to the operating system , as are most other languages except C. C gets even uglier and more verbose though when you start trying to go cross platform .
Even if you are n't an expert at creating generic code using C++ templates and boost : : mpl , it does n't take a genius to be an expert at using generic code .
Dear dudes ,
Why is it that when something bad happens we say , " That sucks dick . " ?
Or when somebody is bad at something we say , " He sucks dick at ____. " ?
There is also the " This blows " variation , which , while it leaves out the word " dick , " is nonetheless referring to the same thing .
Guys do this the most .
I do it myself daily .
But no more !
Fellow males , we gotta stop painting dick sucking in such a negative light .
It 's counterproductive to what we all want .
Our dicks sucked .
We routinely get pissed off and scream “ Suck my dick ! ” at people .
Yet we never scream “ Have sex with me ! ” or “ Nibble on my neck ! ” ( Though that would be hilarious . )
Lousy subtext here , guys .
If I were an alien visitor , witnessing an average barroom screaming match , I ’d logically assume that in Earth culture there was absolutely nothing worse than having to put a penis in your mouth .
Sure , as a heterosexual male this idea does n’t sit well with me , but why generate such hate around the action ?
I do n’t want to kiss dudes either , yet I never scream “ Kiss me ! ” to my adversaries or say “ I just saw Transformers 2 , man that movie totally made out with me . ”
And the problem here is quickly evolving .
" This sucks balls " has fast become an expression too .
Come on , guys , women hear us say this shit !
Surely it sinks into their subconscious .
It ’s hard enough as it is finding a girl who willing shows your nuts the attention they deserve .
We do n’t need to compound the problem .
Yes , some dudes do get off on demeaning ladies .
But they ’re an asshole minority .
Most of us are respectfully grateful for the blowjobs we receive .
We just need to wise up .
It ’s fun to tell someone to suck your nuts , but when you actually think of getting your junk mouthed , do happy emotions rise up ?
Or do you really think about forcing someone you hate to blow you ?
Fellas , we need to rebrand dick sucking .
When something good happens , say that sucks dick .
When someone does something nice for you , say with a smile , “ Suck my dick ! ” Great game last night ?
“ Man , Garnett really sucked a cock in the 4th quarter ! ”
Saw an awesome concert ?
“ You shoulda come to the Dr. Dog show last night , they totally worked our rods and cradled our balls on an extended version of ‘ Hang On ’ ! ”
Our dick sucking statements should match our true dick sucking feelings .
Sure , it ’ll be a little confusing at first .
You ’ll get some drinks thrown in your face and punched a few times probably .
But do we want to live in a world where sucking our dicks is considered an ultimate punishment ?
It should be a moment to celebrate !
Synonymous with joy !
That ’s the kind of world I wish to live in .
Argentine President Cristina Kirchner 's firing of the country 's central bank president last Wednesday has provoked a constitutional crisis , not unlike the one that rocked Honduras last summer .
As with then - Honduran President Manuel Zelaya , Mrs. Kirchner has tried to run roughshod over her nation 's laws .
She blithely ignored legal protections of bank independence .
Not surprisingly , central banker Martín Redrado refused to go and challenged her reason for sacking him : his refusal to hand over to her ...
It is with mixed feeling that I am winding up Gender Focus after seven years .
The website will remain live , but we will not be accepting new content .
Seven ...
4 years ago
On Friday , expect to see the BLS revise job creation estimates down by a whopping 824,000 jobs .
The culprit , as I have been harping on for a couple years is a birth - death model far out of sync with reality .
Bloomberg has some nice interactive charts in an article Birth Death Model Insights .
click on any chart for sharper image
Originally the BLS said 4.8 million jobs were lost between April 2008 and March 2009 .
This is what it looks like now .
Birth Death Model Falls Out Of Bed
The labor department says there are flaws in its model but defends the process and says " no changes to the current modeling technique are scheduled at this time . "
Please note that the birth death model has added 990,000 jobs since April .
Those jobs are not reflected in the upcoming 824,000 revision .
Jobs Contract 24 Straight Months
Here is a snip from my post Jobs Contract 24th Straight Month ; Unemployment Rate Stays At 10.0 %
Birth Death Model Revisions 2008
click on chart for sharper image
Birth Death Model Revisions 2009
click on chart for sharper image
Birth / Death Model Revisions
At this point in the cycle Birth / Death Model numbers should have been massively contracting for months .
The BLS is going to keep adding jobs through the entire recession .
Please note that one cannot subtract or add birth death revisions to the reported totals and get a meaningful answer .
One set of numbers is seasonally adjusted the other is not .
In the black box the BLS combines the two coming out with a total .
The Birth Death numbers influence the overall totals but the math is not as simple as it appears and the effect is nowhere near as big as it might logically appear at first glance .
BLS Black Box
For those unfamiliar with the birth / death model , monthly jobs adjustments are made by the BLS based on economic assumptions about the birth and death of businesses ( not individuals ) .
Those assumptions are made according to estimates of where the BLS thinks we are in the economic cycle .
The BLS has admitted however , that their model will be wrong at economic turning points .
And there is no doubt we are long past an economic turning point .
Here is the pertinent snip from the BLS on Birth / Death Methodology .
The net birth / death model component figures are unique to each month and exhibit a seasonal pattern that can result in negative adjustments in some months .
These models do not attempt to correct for any other potential error sources in the CES estimates such as sampling error or design limitations .
Note that the net birth / death figures are not seasonally adjusted , and are applied to not seasonally adjusted monthly employment links to determine the final estimate .
The most significant potential drawback to this or any model - based approach is that time series modeling assumes a predictable continuation of historical patterns and relationships and therefore is likely to have some difficulty producing reliable estimates at economic turning points or during periods when there are sudden changes in trend .
Imagine roaming the world 's largest ocean year after year alone , calling out with the regularity of a metronome , and hearing no response .
Such , apparently , is the situation faced by a solitary whale , species unknown , that has been tracked since 1992 in the North Pacific by a classified array of hydrophones used by the Navy to monitor enemy submarines .
The animal is called the 52 hertz whale because it makes a distinctive stream of sounds at around that basso profundo frequency , just above the lowest note on a tuba .
Its sonic signature is clearly that of a whale , but nothing like the normal voice of the giant blue or the next biggest species , the fin , or any other whale for that matter , said Mary Ann Daher , a marine biologist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution on Cape Cod .
POWAY , Calif. -- LaDainian Tomlinson bid an emotional farewell to San Diego , then looked toward a future that he hopes will include an elusive Super Bowl title .
" It 's definitely sad to leave , but I 'm excited , as well , about the future , " Tomlinson said during a press conference Wednesday .
The Chargers released him Monday after a mostly brilliant nine - year run in which he became one of the greatest running backs in NFL history .
Tomlinson thanked the fans ; his teammates throughout the years ; the Chargers , for giving him a chance ; and lastly , his pregnant wife , LaTorsha , who was sitting to his right in a ballroom at a suburban golf course .
L.T. , who always seemed to be in control , whether it was on a dazzling , slashing run , or going airborne over a pile of bodies into the end zone , began to choke up .
He needed a few minutes to compose himself .
" Sorry , " he said , as he fought back tears .
" It 's probably because I was all prepared and said I was n't going to do this .
Sometimes emotions are what makes a person and as you guys know , I 've always worn my emotions on my sleeve . "
Had Tomlinson won a Super Bowl title or two with the Chargers , he may very well have been announcing his retirement .
He did n't even make it to a Super Bowl , though , and said he plans to keep pursuing his goal with whichever team will give him a chance .
As Chargers fans remain painfully aware , some of their biggest stars have been tossed aside and found success elsewhere .
Tomlinson said he recently spoke with Super Bowl MVP Drew Brees , who less than three weeks ago led the New Orleans Saints to their first NFL title .
Tomlinson and Brees were acquired with the Chargers ' first two picks in the 2001 draft .
Everything done at universities is for retention .
Â
Locking students away in castle turrets is for retention , and it actually works !
Â
I figure most administrators could justify almost anything with that one little magic word .
No harm was meant to the great people at Lipton .
Note : Another video from live Sink ! tasting attached below .
BrewDog ‘s James Watt and Schorschbraeu ‘s Georg Tscheuschner were invited onto BBC Radio 5
Live the other night to discuss their competition for the world ’s strongest beer .
The two actually came off much more congenial than I would have expected .
Georg said that he thought the original BrewDog Sink the Bismarck !
video was very funny .
It will be interesting to see how far these two breweries push the envelope .
Meanwhile , it looks like those who are looking past the controversy and getting to try Sink !
seem quite astounded by it :
Update : The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry has confirmed the name “ Copernicium ” for element 112 and given it the symbol Cn .
The first choice for the chemical symbol , “ Cp ” , was rejected .
IUPAC give their reasons here ( pdf ) :
“ We note that an initial proposal by the discoverers that Cp be the symbol for copernicium was found not to be acceptable principally because this symbol had earlier been used for element with atomic number 71 ( lutetium ) which , prior to 1949 , had cassiopeium as an alternative allowed name . ”
IN THE next few weeks , a new name will appear in the periodic …
Consequently , the cost of production has come drown drastically .
Most importantly , the instances of accidents are also reduced substantially due to enhanced safety measures incorporated in the machine .
With efficient , quality , cost - effective products , businesses are able to market their products competitively and earn the economies of large scale production at the same time .
Scientific methods are n’t confined to the textile industry .
In fact , they span to almost every existing business on the surface of the earth .
Just look at the automotive sector .
Today , the industry is producing electric cars , which was n’t a possibility a few decades ago .
More innovations in the field are underway , and some companies are planning to make flying vehicles as well as models that can run on water .
It ’s important to have new goals , and it ’s also important to have a niche , or several .
Pioneering a field can be an endless journey , but an amazing one .
It is very gratifying to be the one to get to the top of the mountain that no one else has climbed , and then be the one to discover another mountain .
Even if you never get to climb the next one , you can be assured that someone else will , and progress will be made because of you .
Knowledge and information are the lifeblood of society .
Without it , there would be no progress .
The internet and computer age has transformed the world in 25 short years , because of all of the knowledge that has become infinitely more accessible than it was before .
It has taken a country like Colombia , who just 15 years ago was still riddled with gorillas , scared and suppressed citizens , and militant mindsets , and it has transformed it into a safe , thriving , and practical culture where ideas are shared and discussed openly , and wifi , high class cafe ’s and very computer literate designers and programmers are common place .
It is important that knowledge be infinite in it ’s nature .
If it was n’t , things would get pretty boring , and probably pretty bad .
It ’s the reason for such a big fuss about Google filtering their content in certain countries .
Knowledge acquisition has actually gotten ever more important than ever before , because of the internet .
Computers and the web give us the tool , and the space , to store all of the knowledge society acquires , without much overhead .
And ,
It can then be accessed any time with something as simple as a Google search .
This is truly power .
With this power , and basic human drive mixed together , it is safe to say that the progress of society as a whole will begin to speed up exponentially , adding more knowledge to the database , and leaving more of a reason for each person to focus on one niche , and build upon it as high as possible .
This is an amazing time to be alive .
I would urge us all to take advantage of what ’s being given to us , and not just focus on everything that is already here , and just stare in amazement , but actually access the root of our true nature , and take charge of innovating and pioneering ourselves , so that knowledge ’s infinite structure can be strengthened faster , and our progress can truly make life better .
It is not enough to stand by and watch others make the big leaps and climb the big mountains .
With knowledge being literally unlimited , it is extremely important that we get everyone involved , so we can solve the crucial problems even faster .
Also , with all of the tools we have at our disposal today , it ’s easier than ever before to innovate .
All it takes is gathering the right information using the web , and sorting it out using our analytical and naturally - problem - solving minds .
I ’m looking forward to a bright future that I helped build .
I encourage you to help too , and you should encourage everyone you know to do the same .
If this happens , the world will be an infinitely better place .
Written by : Dante Cullari Founder & President Beat - Play , LLC
Our agency ’s online marketing strategies will help you achieve your business goals online .
TG Web Media combines your business information and brand identity into a new website that is properly designed , is SEO ready , and grabs attention .
TG Web Media is an expert at developing custom websites , custom web applications and web database development .
Our Search Engine Optimization services will help increase your brand exposure to your target market .
TG Web Media is skilled in leveraging Social Media to increase brand awareness and bring targeted visitors to your site .
Apparently , the only keys to successful dating in the 1930 ’s for ladies were do n’t talk too much , wear a bra , and do n’t pass out in the middle of your date because you ’re drunk .
Via PBH3 : Dating Guide From 1938 For Single Women
''I 'm concerned now that every time someone triggers the camera I 'll get these notices .
I am amused by it , but also angry that I have to go to the trouble of contacting the police . ''
" You are choosing the path focused on corporate greed , " climate scientist James Hansen has told carbon traders in a open letter which he and climate activists attempted to deliver to a carbon trading conference in New York today .
In below - freezing temperatures , climate change campaigners gathered at midday at the Irish Hunger Memorial in Vesey Park , near the Embassy Suites Hotel where the conference is being held , to hear Hansen read parts of his open letter .
Tomorrow there will be another demonstration at the same spot , at which an unconfirmed number of activists have pledged to commit acts of nonviolent civil disobedience .
Hansen 's letter advocates using the fee - and - dividend approach to reducing carbon emissions , rather than cap - and - trade .
Fee - and - dividend is a " transparent , honest approach that benefits the public " , he says , in contrast to cap - and - trade , which " is a hidden tax … because cap - and - trade increases the cost of energy for the public , as utilities and other industries purchase the right to pollute with one hand , adding it to fuel prices , while with the other hand they take back most of the permit revenues from the government .
Costs and profits of the trading infrastructure are also added to the public 's energy bill . "
" The public must understand the difference between cap - and - trade and fee- and - dividend , " states Hansen , head of the Nasa Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York .
Otherwise , " the present administration may jam down the public 's throat just such an approach , which , it can be shown , is not a solution at all . "
The other speakers present , who included the Harlem community organiser Cecil Corbin - Mark of We Act for Environmental Justice , Charles Komanoff of the Carbon Tax Centre , and Father Paul Mayer of the Climate Crisis Coalition , spoke about the inequity of a cap - and - trade system .
One of the organisers , Brian Tokar , said : " Carbon trading is unfair , it 's unethical , and it just does n't work . "
A carbon trading system depends on allocating a market price to carbon emissions , and either hands out , auctions or sells carbon permits to industry sectors .
A fee - and - dividend system imposes a fee on the initial sale of a fossil fuel which is then redistributed to the public ; the rising cost of carbon - intensive products would , it is hoped , encourage families to keep their carbon footprints low .
The civil disobedience planned for tomorrow outside the conference is part of the growing climate change activist movement in the US .
Tokar told the Guardian : " In the last few months there 's been a real rising of awareness about climate change issues in the US .
For a long time they were seen as kind of abstract , something that the scientists were talking about , but now , in the months leading up to Copenhagen , people fully realised that these were issues that are affecting vulnerable people around the world in the shape of floods and droughts .
" Back in November we had the day of Climate Justice Action on 30 November on the 10th anniversary of the Seattle day of action .
People blockaded the Chicago Climate Exchange , and blockaded a shipment of components for a new coal burning power plant , and protested outside the Bank of America in San Francisco .
Activists are definitely beginning to focus on climate change in a way that they were n't a couple of years ago . "
By Matt McGrath
BBC News
The warbler is said to prefer a secluded lifestyle .
Scientists say they have for the first time discovered a breeding site for the world 's least - known bird species .
Little is known about the large - billed reed warbler , but researchers have found a thriving flock of the birds in a remote corner of Afghanistan .
Robert Timmins from the US based Wildlife Conservation Society discovered them when he was conducting a survey in the area .
The tiny brown bird , first spotted in 1867 , has not been seen since 2006 .
Mr Timmins says one of the reasons why so little is known about these birds is that they are often mistaken for other types of warblers and they are a very private species .
" Reed warblers are very good at hiding and they do n't like to be seen .
They usually like to skulk in thick vegetation " , he said .
Mr Timmins taped the rhythmic song of these reed warblers , and with colleagues used the recording to entice other members of the colony from their hiding places .
DNA analysis confirmed this was a distinct breeding population of the large - billed variety .
While the scientists are excited by the discovery , they are concerned about the long - term survival of these birds .
Ironically the ongoing war and the remoteness of their location have helped their survival - but according to Mr Timmins , this might change .
" We do n't wish a war - like situation on anybody .
But once peace comes and development starts , you really do have to think about what will happen to the natural environment , " he said .
As well as a flood of new information about the large - billed reed warbler , this discovery will hearten researchers that species can survive in even the most difficult of environments - there may well be other birds out there that have been presumed extinct , but are in fact surviving in some remote corner .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Disturbing images of lynch mobs and looting in Haiti
Note : to turn off these warnings you need to set the ' safe mode ' to OFF ( on the top right )
An instrument package developed in part by the University of Colorado at Boulder for the $ 2.2 billion orbiting Herschel Space Observatory launched in May by the European Space Agency has provided one of the most detailed views yet of space up to 12 billion years back in time .
The December images have revealed thousands of newly discovered galaxies in their early stages of formation , said CU - Boulder Associate Professor Jason Glenn , a co-investigator on the Spectral and Photometric Imaging Receiver , or SPIRE instrument , riding aboard Herschel .
The new images are being analyzed as part of the Herschel Multi- tiered Extragalactic Survey , or HerMES , which involves more than 100 astronomers from six countries .
Equipped with three cameras including SPIRE , the Herschel Space Observatory was launched in May 2009 from Europe 's Spaceport in French Guiana .
The spacecraft -- about one and one - half times the diameter of the Hubble Space Telescope -- is orbiting nearly 1 million miles from Earth .
Herschel is the first space observatory to make high - resolution images at submillimeter wavelengths , which are longer than visible and infrared light waves and shorter than radio waves .
SPIRE was designed to look for emissions from clouds and dust linked to star - forming regions in the Milky Way and beyond , said Glenn .
The most recent observations were made in the constellation Ursa Major , which includes the Big Dipper .
CU - Boulder is receiving roughly $ 2 million from NASA for the combined support of SPIRE instrument development and science data analysis during the lifetime of the orbiting telescope , said Glenn , an associate professor in CU - Boulder 's astrophysical and planetary sciences department .
NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and CU - Boulder built essential instrumentation for the telescope used to make the most recent observations , said Glenn , also a member of CU - Boulder 's Center for Astrophysics and Space Astronomy .
" The submillimeter sky is absolutely paved with galaxies , " Glenn said .
The newest images are " amazingly clear and deep , " which enables astronomers to detect distant galaxies they would have no chance of discovering with current ground - based telescopes , he said .
Since the light being observed with Herschel left the galaxies billions of years ago on its journey toward our solar system , the images are helping to reveal early star formation activity as well as the growth of supermassive black holes in galaxies .
The Herschel team expects to discover hundreds of thousands of new galaxies at very early stages of their formations -- some more than 10 billion years old , he said .
A single image from Herschel released in December revealed 10 times as many galaxies as have been seen before by all of the world 's telescopes observing the skies in submillimeter wavelengths , said Glenn .
A major goal of the Herschel mission is to discover how early galaxies formed and evolved to give rise to present - day galaxies like our own , he said .
Distant galaxies imaged by Herschel are so far away astronomers actually are looking at conditions as early as just over a billion or so years after the Big Bang some 13 billion years ago .
The SPIRE camera allows Herschel to detect radiation from very cold and distant objects , such as young stars and evolving galaxies .
The SPIRE team is studying the physical and chemical processes that take place in the distant interstellar medium to learn more about how stars are formed from molecular clouds , Glenn said .
The submillimeter colors of the galaxies in the new images reveal information about their temperatures and distances -- bluer galaxies are relatively hotter and nearer , while the redder galaxies are cooler and farther away , he said .
Glenn said CU - Boulder also is partnering on a ground - based telescope project known as the Cornell Caltech Atacama Telescope , or CCAT -- slated for completion in 2013 in the Atacama desert of Chile at 18,400 feet in altitude -- which will be able to zoom in on regions imaged by Herschel and isolate individual galaxies with 10 times greater detail .
CASA is working to raise roughly $ 5 million in private capital toward the cost of CCAT , Glenn said .
SPIRE is one of three instruments on Herschel and has both a camera and a spectrometer .
Led by the United Kingdom , SPIRE also includes participation by a number of American , Canadian and Chinese institutions .
Glenn 's group is particularly interested in characterizing the faintest , most distant galaxies , " which will push the orbiting observatory to its limits of sensitivity , " he said .
" Herschel is providing a whole new window on the universe , " said Glenn .
" This project provides a fantastic opportunity for top scientists from around the world to work together to understand how stars and galaxies form and evolve . "
Demers
McGinn
McCarthy has appeared in 36 games with Worcester in his first professional season , posting 18 points ( six goals , 12 assists ) , a team - high plus - 14 and 19 penalty minutes .
He recently posted a seven - game point streak from Dec. 18 thru Jan. 2 ( four goals , four assists ) .
He was a co-captain of the 2009 NCAA Champion Boston University men ’s hockey team .
McCarthy was originally selected by San Jose in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft ( 7th round , 202nd overall ) .
Demers has played in 34 games with San Jose this season , posting 15 points ( two goals , 13 assists ) and a plus - eight rating ( T - 4th on team ) .
In five games with Worcester , he has three points ( two goals , one assist ) .
He was drafted by San Jose in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft ( 7th round , 186th overall ) .
McGinn has appeared in 38 games with the Sharks , notching eight points ( seven goals , one assist ) and 20 penalty minutes .
The six - foot , 185 - pound native of Fergus , Ontario native was originally selected by San Jose in the second round ( 36th overall ) of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft .
1 of 1 2 of 1
Every day , Vancouver ’s city archivist and director of records and archives runs a rescue operation on our past .
Les Mobbs might send out film reels from the ’30s for repair , or he could receive a donation of early - 20th - century photographic negatives that need to be catalogued , scanned , and put into cold storage .
Lately , Mobbs has been putting equal consideration into how to preserve our future .
More and more of the city ’s legal and cultural record is being created in a digital format ; in other words , it ’s “ born digital ” , he told the Georgia Straight .
“ With the digital , there ’s this sense that you cannot read it except through a machine , ” Mobbs said by phone , “ and it ’s going to be a challenge to maintain the look of the document , its context — how it fits with other documents — and the content itself . ”
This year , Mobbs expects the City of Vancouver Archives ’ born - digital holdings to leap in volume from 40 megabytes to 40 terabytes .
Most of this new material will consist of Vanoc ’s documentation of the Olympics , a donation of 20 years ’ worth of digital - animation tapes and DVDs from Vancouver ’s Studio B Productions , and a transfer of electronic records from the city itself .
The pitfall in digital archiving is that we ’re poor caretakers of electronic file formats .
In 50 or 100 years , we ’ll know we ’ve won the preservation game if we can open and read a computer document created today .
But even in 2010 , we ’re missing out on 20 - year - old WordStar files stuck on five - and - a- quarter - inch floppy disks .
Ironically , it may be safer to keep a paper copy of a document than to store the original computer file .
“ We ’ve been dealing with paper for 2,000 years , ” Mobbs said .
“ We have a lot of experience with what paper is , what it looks like , and how it ’s preserved . ”
While acid decay , mould , brittleness , and water damage are formidable but vanquishable foes , machine decay , format obsolescence , and file integrity degradation are virtually unconquerable .
The short lifetime of many licensed software formats and the quick deaths of so much hardware ( remember LaserDisc ? ) have posed a particular challenge for archivists like Mobbs .
“ How do we preserve material that is , for all intents and purposes , essentially transitory ? ” he asked .
The answer lies at the fingertips of volunteer coders who have begun assembling for after - hours “ hackathons ” at the Vancouver archives .
Sue Bigelow , the archives ’ digital conservator , lured two dozen open - source and open - data enthusiasts to a meet - up in January with the promise of free coffee , free Wi-Fi , and free information .
For Bigelow , hosting “ an informal social and coding session is a natural fit for the direction the archives is taking . ”
“ We let people access data in the reading room all the time — it ’s just analogue for now , ” she said at the archives .
“ The hackers who come to the hackathons are going to be a big user group for us in the future , so it ’s good for us to get to know them and get to know how they want this data . ”
In January , the city ’s information - technology department announced that more information had been released through its open - data catalogue .
New links were added to more than 100 sets of maps and measurements covering everything from drinking - water quality to school catchment area boundaries to the location of each streetlight and fire hydrant .
The city launched the catalogue itself under its new “ Open3 ” initiative just before the first of the archives ’ hackathons last September .
Two volunteer coders , Kevin Jones and Luke Closs , took the garbage zone map and pickup schedule and created VanTrash .
The site is now sending free weekly e-mail and calendar reminders to over a thousand Vancouverites , and with the recent data release , the creators are working to expand it to apartment recycling schedules .
Artefactual Systems president Peter Van Garderen , who has a master ’s degree in archival studies from UBC , came to the hackathon to discuss Archivematica , his company ’s free and open - source digital archiving system .
Artefactual is under contract with the City of Vancouver to implement a fully functional version of Archivematica .
The contract is linked to Vancouver ’s Digital Archives Project , an initiative that was launched with $ 100,000 in 2008 , and that was allocated $ 582,000 last year from the city ’s Olympic Legacy Reserve Fund .
Archivematica uses existing free tools developed at leading academic institutions to automate and simplify the complicated task of processing , translating , and tracking thousands of new files daily .
“ All of these tools have been available for a while , but your typical archivist does n’t have the know - how to use them , ” Van Garderen said during one of his consulting sessions at the archives .
The average nonprofit archive does n’t have the money to make or buy proprietary software , which may itself become obsolete as time passes .
Open - source software , with published standards and few restrictions , is widely regarded by academics in the archival field as the best bet for maintaining public control over data in the long run .
When the Digital Archives Project bears fruit next year , Vancouver will be the first municipality in Canada with a fully operational digital archiving system .
Then , the archives will be poised to safeguard the city ’s historically significant bits and bytes — at least what has n’t already been lost in what some call “ the digital dark ages ” .
“ There are hundreds of obscure formats already , ” Van Garderen said .
“ There ’s already 20 years of corporate and personal computing backlog out there . ”
According to Van Garderen , the frontier of format preservation and file security is tricky for a government body with legal obligations to navigate .
It ’s great , he said , that Vancouver is taking its archives further into the digital realm .
“ Losing your kids ’ photos is one thing , ” Van Garderen said , “ but losing property records or having forged ones are definitely more serious issues . ”
READER COMMENTS ON
" Coakley Concedes MA Senate Race in Record Time ! "
( 55 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/19/2010 @ 7:04 pm PT ...
Anyone suspect that the Democrats might be sabotaging their supermajority so that they do n't have to take responsibility for actually solving any of this country 's real problems .
Spineless and shameless .
Count the goddamn votes !
Why is that so goddamn difficult .
Ah , fuck it .
Loser is as loser does .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Lisa said on 1/19/2010 @ 7:13 pm PT ...
Guess she did n't want it .
Why else would she concede so early ?
She did n't want it .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/19/2010 @ 7:33 pm PT ...
Well , not surprised she 'd get Kudos from John " ca n't concede fast enough " Kerry for breaking his record .
' Bout the only way anyone will ever break Coakley 's record would be to concede the day before
Diebold holds a " virtual " election .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Mark Greene said on 1/19/2010 @ 7:36 pm PT ...
I do n't how there is ever going to be significant public indignation about these alleged dubious election findings if the negatively affected candidates themselves are not indignant or concerned .
During Ukraine 's Orange Revolution , the candidate that felt cheated protested and inspired his supporters .
In America , people like Gore , Kerry and Coakley are rather blase and throw in the towel easily .
Nobody 's going to get excited about alleged stolen elections if the affected candidates do n't care .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/19/2010 @ 7:36 pm PT ...
On matters of substance , the pseudo - health reform bill , aka the health insurance cartel and pharmaceutical enrichment act , was such a piece of garbage that it needed to be stopped .
Maybe we can go back to the drawing board and simply push by majority vote the Kucinich amendment that will permit states to adopt single - payer if they so desire .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/19/2010 @ 7:48 pm PT ...
That 's what I 'm hoping , Ernest .
I think that the silver lining in all of this darkness is that the swill that was the health reform bill will not pass ( and I 'm very sorry people , but lining the pockets of the insurance companies at taxpayer expense - even though it would cover 30 million more , poorly - is not any semblance of reform . )
Do the Democrats sack up at this point and tell Lieberman , Nelson , Landrieu to take a hike ?
Do they recognize that this election was lost ( Diebold aside ) because they were abandoned by the left " base " that can no longer stomach capitulation to corporations ?
Democratic Party ... time to wake up and get a clue .
Your survival depends upon your support of GOOD POLICY , not the less - than - mediocre tripe that does middle class America little good .
It is absolutely for the perfect to be the enemy of the fair - to - middling , and for us to accept nothing less .
I think that 's what is happening here .
If I had been a MA voter , I would n't have gotten out of bed for this election .
You do n't deserve my vote , that 's the message , loud and clear .
Let the Republicans trash the next four years , how much worse could it be , then take another run at some House and Senate seats with some real progressive candidates .
And let 's get over this " they are n't electable " nonsense that Democrats love to throw out as an excuse for not getting progressive candidates through primaries .
And on top of that , enough letting the Israel / Palestine situation rule the day .
This is America , I want politicians who will do the right thing for America .
The whole Waxman / Harman vs. Winograd battle should n't even be happening .
That one issue should not be the defining issue on whether an AMERICAN candidate is good for US - and if it is , we are screwed beyond measure anyway .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... ProgressiveMews said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:07 pm PT ...
Now THAT is a Headline !!!
Brilliant .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:10 pm PT ...
SoulRebel @ #1 , yes , I 've been thinking that , and it kind of dovetails with my assessment that there is only one political party anymore and the people at the top playing the game just push around the names ( of the elected ) to keep up the appearance of more than one party .
Ernest A. Canning @ #5 , I had come to the conclusion that a Coackly loss would be a good thing because it should kill the " health insurance cartel and pharmaceutical enrichment act " ( as you accurately dub it ) but I 'm not so sure .
It will be interesting to see what happens now .
The Dems are talking about passing the Senate version ( or something very close to it ) of the health bill by reconciliation now .
It 's my understanding that reconciliation is used for a budget bill and thanks to the Byrd rule may not be applicable to the health bill without a vote to allow it .
If that 's the case the gridlock that exists now should exist to disallow reconciliation and the bill will die ( as it should ) .
I think that the health bill is such a great deal for insurance companies that reconciliation may be allowed or a quick compromise entailing further concessions by the Dems may be forthcoming .
That would confirm my worst fears about the state of the Republic being hijacked totally by corporate interests .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:10 pm PT ...
My " election gut " is rumbling something fierce .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Douchebag Much ? said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:23 pm PT ...
Waa waa waa .
Is that all you douchebag liberals do is whine and cry ?
You should be proud that you are more douchebag than most liberals .
You should also change the site name to bradisadouchebagblog.com .
Now go whine and cry some more , douchebag .
Waa waa waa , you just lost the most liberal state in the Union .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Paul said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:42 pm PT ...
With corporate media --- including MSNBC / GE declaring the GOP victory in advance of the actual election , who needs voters or Diebold ?
It 's not like voters are part of the process anymore except to keep the illusion of democracy alive .
Exit polls showing election fraud are discounted while pre-election polls are treated as gospel .
It does n't have to make sense because the American consumer will buy whatever is " rammed down their throats " as conservative pundits and their followers like to repeat .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Honest Elections Cow said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:53 pm PT ...
the Gov Times printed your article , Brad ?
GREAT !
Let 's get the right wingers as mad as we are about corporate run and decided elections !
Guess they already are .
Folks , we 've got to care more for democracy than who wins , unless who wins determines whether we have democracy or not !
( Huh ? )
Anyway , as many here already know , D or R makes little difference when the people are asleep /
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Steve Thompson said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:53 pm PT ...
Tell us again how marginal and ineffective the Tea Party is again .
That is the mistake YOU made .
YOU thought the American Tea Party is only made up of Republicans and Right Wing Wackos .
WRONG .
We are Republicans , Democrats , left and right wing , Conservative and Liberal .
What we have in common is the love of our country and personal liberty .
Republicans , do n't feel so safe and smug in your current jobs , either .
WE placed you in those seats , and WE can take those seats away .
YOU all are there to do OUR bidding .
YOU were placed there by OUR votes .
It is YOUR arrogance that caused OUR revenge with the vote .
And it is n't over .
In November , more tears will be shed as those who oppose the will of the People of the United States , will be voted out of office .
Long Live The United States of America , the world 's beacon .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 1/19/2010 @ 9:00 pm PT ...
... Soul Rebel said ... " ... even though it would cover 30 million more , poorly ... "
Actually it would n't cover anyone in anything except copious amounts of bovine excrement .
" Health Insurance " is not health care and under this bill " Health Insurance " does not guarantee health care .
And this bill is not even " Health Insurance Reform " , the fallback position of the corporatists who desperately want this bill .
It is not reform and the loud trumpeting of the corporate evildoing this bill is supposed to stop rings awfully hollow when every regulation that might actually inconvenience the corporations is crippled by gigantic loopholes and glaring omissions ... none of which found their way into the bill by accident .
And then the bill has no enforcement mechanism beyond the existing state regulators who have already been proven time and again to be vastly outgunned by the corporations ... and are often bought off by the corporations to boot .
Hint : Have a pre-existing condition ?
They can and will still deny you and / or then jack your rates into the stratosphere ... and they can do it all legally under this bill .
Croakley 's loss buys a little time , but not much .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 1/19/2010 @ 9:07 pm PT ...
Appropriate name , # 10 .
I remember this election a ways back in MN , where the GOP incumbant [ Coleman ] had apparently won the election ( albeit closely ) .
He then proceded to demand that Franken concede .
When they actually counted the votes , though , they actually found that Franken had won .
The machines , in fact , had counted WRONG , and came up with the WRONG WINNER .
Then [ Coleman ] proceded to fight the actual results FOR MONTHS AFTER .
Also , I think that we have every reason to be concerned with the results of ALL ELECTIONS that are done on these hackable machines .
It is much more than sour grapes as you seem to suggest .
Some of these elections are indeed being decided by the machines , rather than the voters .
See above about [ Coleman ] / Franken .
[ He meant Coleman . — 99 ]
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 1/19/2010 @ 9:09 pm PT ...
... Steve Thompson said on 1/19/2010 @ 8:53 pm PT ...
" Tell us again how marginal and ineffective the Tea Party is again . "
Hmmm ...
Would seem to be pretty marginal .
This is the same Tea Party that Brown repeatedly denied knowing anything about after he had attended and spoken at several teabagger functions ... is it not ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/19/2010 @ 9:20 pm PT ...
Chris Hooten - you mean Norm Coleman , I 'm sure ...
ZapKitty - no , you are right , I was pre-fending off arguments about potential merits of the ' health reform ' bill ( I did not mention either insurance or care ... just some nebulous health implication potentiality ) .
30 million more people ' covered ' in theory , assuring wild profits for insurance companies , and guaranteeing actual health care for none .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 1/19/2010 @ 9:25 pm PT ...
Coakley has consistently acted like she did n't want this and seemed completely devoid of emotion , not tired , not looking tough through the wearines , not chin up in face of adveristy .... in her concession she spoke like some business person talking about pie chart sales figures .... wtf?.... is this always how she is or was some of fix in ...
And what of absentee ballots , are the all in and counted .
So I have big issues with voting systems and was hoping Brown would barely lose so conservatives would get on evote issues ... but aside from that ... when any establishment politician in Congress going to get the populist anger out there ?
It is freaking political gold but all they seem to do is whatever Wall Street tells them to do ... Wall Street might buy adds but they do n't vote ... get a clue congress , both conservative and dems can get on populist bandwagon just as Ron Paul and Kuncinich can agree .
Palin plies cultural conservativism and white red neck backlash , but unlike Bachman she does not talk bad about Fed ... Tea Partiers like Bachman better ... Some liberals are populists , telling their people to walk awy from loans , others vote for TARP .... get populist , whether you a left or right , or get out of the way .
I knew something changed in this coutnry when ALL demographics , white / black , religioius / atheist , poor / upper middle class , working class / educated professionals , young / old ALL hated the bank bailout and called their congress people 100:1 against it ... and both Pres candidates and cogress voted it in .
There is a major disconnect between our angry populism and our politicians ... look how easy it was for Brown to get people riled up ... political gold in those populist mines , and our corrupt DC establishment can't see it .
By the way , Brown will get cred being anti spending , but he will not be anti-Wall Street , his cahnge will be as fake as Obama's .
We must insist on left and right candidates to be real populists .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Harvie Branscomb said on 1/19/2010 @ 9:34 pm PT ...
Perhaps the most interesting thing is the lightning speed with which statewide results were accumulated with so many reports of 100 % of precincts reporting .
It appeared that at least half the districts reported 100 % complete before 1 hour had elapsed from 8 PM ( the technical close of polls ) .
Remember that whomever is in line at 8 PM gets to vote , after which the voting systems have to be shut down , the results extracted in some form , checked by the election judges and signed off , and then communicated by a some reliable means to the designated election official who must then somehow communicate results to someone reporting results statewide .
Note that Boston took around 2 hours to get to 98 % reporting , and Cambridge showed only 3 % reporting at the time this hurried concession took place .
( Cambridge appeared to be the district with the highest margin for Coakley at the 3 % point ) .
It seems likely that besides Cambridge and perhaps Boston and a few other districts which had not reported yet at the time of concession , the tabulations travelled from the devices which actually saw the ballots to the statewide total without much if any assistance from human beings .
In Eagle County Colorado we wait for the memory cards to be physically brought across the county to the tally computer before a 100 % reporting number is released .
This invariably takes more than an hour .
What does Massachusetts do instead ?
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/19/2010 @ 9:35 pm PT ...
We must insist on left and right candidates to be real populists .
But we do !
We do !
We will never be " listened " to by a system that does not value our voice ( our votes ) over corporate cash .
That 's why we do n't get a real choice ... ever .
( Except in Cleveland , Vermont , and whichever Texas district Ron Paul comes from . )
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 1/19/2010 @ 9:44 pm PT ...
Harvie , Great point , Bev and others over at blackboxvoting .org have lots of information on hwo voting is done in MA , suggest posting your questions there , likely someone knows the answers ...
In MN we have similar machines and the local precincts also have to feed absentee ballots from their district thru the machines ,
I watched them close down my precint after 2008 election , it was well after 8:45 when the sign envelopes and boxes and such were going out .
When the say precints reporting , it could be from reporters asking for initial tally from poll tape that is probably spit ou a 8:10 or so ... not the officially deliver result , but the raw numbers from each precinct , I saw one such guy at my precinct eager awaiting numbers and calling them in long before precinct delivered ballot to county head ... but again ask BBV people .
I know MA votes by cities , not counties .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Elliott said on 1/19/2010 @ 10:11 pm PT ...
Well , Brad , my gut feeling is that something is very , very wrong here .
We have seen this sort of hasty retreat before , as you intimated .
Barney Frank issued a statement basically saying that dems now need to turn right , and work with the SUPER MINORITY ( he did n't say super minority , but that 's what they are now ... a SUPER DUPER MINORITY ) .
Something is not right about this , not right at all .
It has the same odor as the McConnell murder ( did I say murder ?
Oops , I meant , tragic death ) .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/19/2010 @ 10:15 pm PT ...
.... in her concession she spoke like some business person talking about pie chart sales figures ... wtf ?
It WAS weird .
One of the most " pat " concessions ever .
I dunno , Karen .
Bad actress ?
( The talent pool on both sides of the aisle has been slipping since the farming system was privatized .
Non-closeted - gay , Unadultering , Mostly sober candidates do n't grow on trees .
I guess when you find one capable of memorizing a concession speech , no matter how tone - deaf and dry , you cast her anyway and let the blue - chips fall where they may . )
Why are the Tea -People breast beating , here ?
... Did Malkin link to Brad again ?
Tea -People : Most of us here do n't give a flying , crapping rat about which candidate won - we'd just like to see the votes counted and the candidate with the most votes be installed .
Most of us here would show just as much consternation and consideration if your guy had lost and conceded well before the votes had ever been counted .
Foxificators , I ask you to consider ( against all odds and in defiance of your own track records ) :
In an election where the votes are never counted , you independent thinkers , you :
You won = you got lucky .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 1/19/2010 @ 10:33 pm PT ...
Talk about brain farts .
I really am a douch , lol .
Yes , Norm Coleman .
Yikes , what a dumb mistake , sorry all .
Good point , bad execution on my part .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 1/19/2010 @ 11:37 pm PT ...
Usually when modern American election polling “ tightens ” at the last moment , as this one did , it ’s attributed to evangelical values voters , Nascar dads , soccer and security moms , gun lovers , gay haters ect .
who ran down to the polling station and turned an election .
You know the drill by now .
I actually saw pundit Norah O’Donnell yesterday on Chris Matthews show actually say that she thought the last minute “ tightening ” was due to Reagan democrats .
Now I do n’t know , but my step dad and mother were “ Reagan democrats ” in 1980 because they had been convinced that Jimmy Carter was ruining the economy , however , after they realized Reagan condemned us to ruin they quickly relented and never went back .
Here ’s my question .
Do n’t Reagan democrats at some damn point after 30 years just call themselves republicans ?
These pundits ( learned persons ) have always seemed dishonest and even stupid to me for years now , but honestly , is it just me , or have we all gone crazy .
To put it another way , is Al Franken going to be the last Democrat to give a crap whether he wins or not !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Harvie Branscomb said on 1/20/2010 @ 12:12 am PT ...
Do n't underestimate the fear of being branded a " sore loser " .
Take a look at the Aspen May 5 2009 election for an education in how much crap you can take for pursuing election quality questions after losing an election .
Candidates have a reason to rush to avoid being tea - bagged with blistering ridicule over failing to acknowledge their loss .
They may even be ridiculed after they have actually acknowledged the loss when they start asking questions about election quality .
Politics has become the art of the negative campaign , or short of that , the artful use of the threat of using a negative campaign , or short of that , simple self censorship motivated by a justifiable fear that someone will smear you with a campaign of character assassination .
Few are in a position to and have the guts to fight back and act tough in the face of very powerful tools of deprecation in the hands of the many beastly individuals quite willing to use them .
Watch out for memes like these : " sore - loser " , " perpetual campaign " , " politicians cannot be trusted " .
All of these are corrosive to democracy .
The urge to avoid these leads to a rush to concede a not yet counted race .
http://aspenelectionreview.blogspot.com
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/20/2010 @ 12:43 am PT ...
Jeannie Dean @ 23 said :
Why are the Tea - People breast beating , here ?
... Did Malkin link to Brad again ?
As a matter of fact , Malkin did link up yesterday , but it was to my story at Gouverneur Times on the hackable Diebold machines .
But that piece , in turn , had a bunch of links back here so : Welcome Malkin readers !
Great to see you !
Tea -People : Most of us here do n't give a flying , crapping rat about which candidate won - we'd just like to see the votes counted and the candidate with the most votes be installed .
Most of us here would show just as much consternation and consideration if your guy had lost and conceded well before the votes had ever been counted .
Thanks , JD . I 've got nothing to add to the above , but felt it merited quoting in case anyone missed it the first time .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/20/2010 @ 1:17 am PT ...
As I 'm watching the late night MSNBC broadcasts with Olbermann , Maddow , and Matthews , no one has commented on the oddity of conceding a race even before any news agency has called it .
It was mentioned that she did just that , but nobody said , " hey that 's weird . "
And Matthews , that detached and deranged wagging tongue , kept saying how disappointed liberals were .
Are we ?
Who is he asking , and how is he defining liberal ?
Why are Maddow and Olbermann sharing airtime with this nitwit ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/20/2010 @ 2:15 am PT ...
Yesterday , I listened to a couple intertubes pundits blathering about this race and they both were agog about how she did n't campaign , just skated .
They thought maybe she had always been such a star she did n't feel she needed to .
Add that to this rapid concession and one might get the distinct impression she did n't want to be a U.S. Senator , and who could blame her for that ?
Hell , maybe she 's a bodhisattva and wanted the HCR debacle deep - sixed .
I 'm not saying conceding like this is fair to voters , to democracy , to the glaring need for election integrity , but she might have had concerns more important than even than these in this corrupt / broken government environment .
Besides :
We can gradually take the ulterior motives out of government by developing integrity .
— Manly Palmer Hall
So maybe if we were a little less gradual about our own integrity this would speed up .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/20/2010 @ 2:18 am PT ...
Back to Massachusetts , I think you have a right to know that Coakley won the hand counts there .
That 's right .
According to preliminary media results by municipality , Democrat Martha Coakley won Massachusetts overall in its hand counted locations , * with 51.12 % of the vote ( 32,247 hand counted votes ) to Brown 's 30,136 , which garnered him 47.77 % of hand counted votes .
Margin : 3.35 % lead for Coakley .
Massachusetts has 71 hand count locations , 91 ES&S locations , and 187 Diebold locations , with two I call the mystery municipalities ( Northbridge and Milton ) apparently using optical scanners , not sure what kind .
http://www.bbvforums.org...h.cgi?file=/8/80830.html
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/20/2010 @ 2:37 am PT ...
To me , that was the worst run campaign I ever saw ( Coakley ) and it bordered on looking like she was throwing the election .
And then conceding in record time like that , not learning ( on purpose ? ) a thing from Al Franken ?
Running for Ted Kennedy 's seat , to me , that was shocking how lackluster she was .
That 's a point aside from the electronic voting machines .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/20/2010 @ 2:38 am PT ...
Did it look like she was a real fighter ?
Fighting for something important ?
No .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 1/20/2010 @ 3:07 am PT ...
Big Dan : I was skeptical when Brad reported that Coakley had " [ injured ] several supporters in her race for the phone " , but for crying out loud : CROAKLEY concedes Ted Kennedy 's seat at the speed of light !
You can't be serious !
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Bev Harris said on 1/20/2010 @ 3:10 am PT ...
Brad , you absolutely outdid yourself with your headline and subhead and sub - sub - head .
Hilarious .
Oh by the way , Coakley won on hand counted ballots .
Just posted an article with the details on that .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Bev Harris said on 1/20/2010 @ 3:12 am PT ...
Oh and by the way :
It took Diebold longer to count 800 votes than it took a hand count location to count 8,000 votes .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/20/2010 @ 3:13 am PT ...
Larry : just doing my part on my jalopy blog that 's on life support !
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/20/2010 @ 3:17 am PT ...
An alternate title could be : " DEMS CALL IN RAPID RESPONSE TEAM TO CONCEDE TED KENNEDY'S SEAT OF 46 YEARS " .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/20/2010 @ 3:23 am PT ...
I admire Croakley for not conceding before the voting started .
The New England Patriots are renaming their team to the New England Conceders .
I 'll be here all ze veek ...
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 1/20/2010 @ 3:45 am PT ...
Makes you wonder why Democrats even bother to run , should n't they stop wasting all that time and money by campaigning and simply ask the media if they were chosen to win ?
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 1/20/2010 @ 4:10 am PT ...
So on the paper ballots vs electronic count disparity .... any stats on the demographics of the paper vs electronic ?
Since Mass does vote counting by city , if say Boston or Boston suburbs were one way ( hand paper count vs electronic coutn ) that could really tweak this .
I know in NH the paper and electronic count precincts were well distributed , do n't know about MA .
And the Coakley actions are really starting to seem odd ... is it right she took a two week vacation over the holidays and did n't campaign ?
And that flat , uninterest concession speech and the timing .
Besides the sting of the loss , you would think she would be very concerned about how the national Dems would turn on her craptastic campaign .
Is she always like this , clueless , disconnected , not interested enough to bother , lacking in any passion ?
and if she is , why pick her to run .
Was that primary election close ?
When I think about this , her fail is the perfect dagger into anything progessive and populist happening .
I may be proven wrong , but this was a great way to make the Tea Parties feel happy but actually hijack their populism because Brown is a moderate Repub ( read , friend of Wall Streey )
He will opposed HCR , social spending but he is likely to be same ole establishment Repub ...its not like he is Ron Paul 's son .
So this election fails populists from left and right .
And funny thing ... the message to Congress wo n't be get more populist , it will be Repubs , keep up with the establisment partisan just say No stuff and Dems , go to the center ( again where big business and Wall Street live )
Browns election over a Dem in Mass is the perfect way to keep things status quo , now no super majority , now no populist reforms just bickering .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 1/20/2010 @ 4:24 am PT ...
Big Dan :
You can afford life support ?!!
YOU BASTARD !!
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Marzi said on 1/20/2010 @ 5:40 am PT ...
Croak - ley should be given a lie detector test - were you paid to run and be defeated ?
The party system is dead - Obama is a Wall Street Republican .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Grifo said on 1/20/2010 @ 7:19 am PT ...
Bev Harris is saying this morning that Coakley won the hand counts , which , interestingly , were completed before the computer generated counts were ready .
This and reports of pre-marked ballots make this victory highly questionable , in my view .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/20/2010 @ 7:24 am PT ...
# 43 , yes read that also ... watch the Democrats not fight for any kind of recount or audit .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/20/2010 @ 7:43 am PT ...
Larry : Yeah , I 'm on life support ... but there 's a huge co-pay , deductible , and co-insurance on it that I can't afford !
Just a thought : I think this makes the most sense if Brown legitimately won : Massachusetts covers everyone with health care , I think they 're the most progressive state .
I know , because my son lives there .
MAYBE ... Mass .
residents thought Obama 's health care plan stunk so bad , they did n't want to send the deciding vote to the Senate to pass it and override THEIR progressive health care plan .
Make sense ?
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/20/2010 @ 7:46 am PT ...
Does it make any sense that Mass .
covers all their residents with health care , and then votes against Coakley ?
I 'm trying to make any sense I can out of this .
This was NOT a mandate against health care , because Mass .
COVERS everyone with health care , right ?
So , they 're not a state against health care for all , obviously .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 1/20/2010 @ 8:38 am PT ...
# 26 . Not just being branded " sore loser " .
Don Seigleman objected to election theft and look what happened to him .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... The GhostPony said on 1/20/2010 @ 9:46 am PT ...
I say she never wanted the job in the first place .
Between her horrid campaigning and now this ?
No , she handed Scott " Naked " Brown that seat on a silver platter .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 1/20/2010 @ 9:49 am PT ...
What on Earth is wrong with Americans ?
Ca n't they do anything without computers ?
Do they really use computerized mechanical nose pickers ?
Coun ting the vote is the cornerstone ofr democracy ... duh !
We want hand counts every time , not endless hand jobs like this !
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... MTR said on 1/20/2010 @ 11:40 am PT ...
So Mr. Brown is going to Washington !
And the liberals are in a panic .
They 're not sure what the effect will be upon the health care legislation .
But already you see some Democrats starting to back off on the present legislation .
Some congressmen are saying they wo n't be voting for the Senate bill ( and here I thought Pelosi say she 'd pass this at all cost ) and others are wanting to take a second and third look at the present bill .
But meanwhile you have Obama standing firm that he WILL pass a health care bill no matter what it looks like .
But he may end up being the captain on a sinking ship .
His crew members could start bailing as they see their own dingies taking on water .
As much as we all thought that the health care bill was a sure thing , we might want to wait a bill and take a breath .
It ai n't over until Obama cries " Uncle . " MTR
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Larger Than Life said on 1/20/2010 @ 5:23 pm PT ...
Americans love to shoot themselves in the foot .
This whole ' selection ' was a farce , more dog and pony theatrics .
The elites got everyone hitting each other over the head , they win every time .
If people wanted ' change ' and some sort of a beginning they would have voted for the independent of which 25,000 of us had the guts and sense to do .
Americans are thoroughly brainwashed .
Communism and fascism has succeeded and the American people let it happen by playing the game of the criminals .
Good luck because by now that is all that is left .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Severina said on 1/20/2010 @ 5:42 pm PT ...
Why were there no exit polls ?
Were they banned ?
Sev .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 1/20/2010 @ 6:27 pm PT ...
THANK YOU FOR POSTING THIS !
I really like your blog !!
[ ed note : Welcome Steve , please note our commenting rules and also please consider changing your screen name to something else , maybe " common ¢ " or add your last name , because we 've already got a Steve who posts here .
Thank you . — 99 ]
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Brudy said on 1/21/2010 @ 3:57 am PT ...
I spent the primary election day on the phone , calling for Mike Capuano .
The overwhelming majority of responders said they were voting for him .
I suppose Bev has the hand count results of the primary over at black box ,
It will be interesting to see how the vote differed from that reported by the machines .
As to health care , the progressives in the House will not vote for the Senate bill , so if Pelosi and Reid do not improve it significantly , it will surely die .
Meanwhile , Gov. Rendall of PA said on Maddow 's show that this " loss " could be a Godsend for the Dems , if they would just pass the reforms piece by piece and make the Rs stand up and actually filibuster .
The nation would then see these right wing corporate shills denying health care in the name of profits , and would respond by sending them packing in November .
Nice idea , if by some miracle Pelosi and Reid are not in the pockets of the corporations like they surely seem to be ..
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Frank Henry said on 1/21/2010 @ 7:31 pm PT ...
The year is only a couple of weeks old , but it 's already been a strange one for science news .
With a steady flow of coverage on a huge range of complex subjects , it 's easy for things to go wrong , and for journalists to come up with material that does n't get the science right .
But a few recent cases appear to involve news organizations that have gone out of their way to get a science story wrong .
The news industry tends to respond badly to cases where people make up the contents of their stories — witness Jayson Blair and the fake Bush National Guard records .
But , so far , the response to the recent science news - related events has been complete indifference .
The most egregious case seems to have happened at the UK's Daily Mail , which ran an article in the Science and Technology section of its website entitled " The mini ice age starts here . "
In it , the author argues that we 're due for decades of global cooling , driven by ocean currents that the article claims produced the last century 's warming — not greenhouse gasses .
These facts are ascribed to impeccable scientific sources : the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Colorado , and Mojib Latif , a prominent climatologist based in Germany .
A substantially similar story , with precisely the same attributions , later appeared on the Fox News site .
There was small problem here , though : Mojib Latif is still alive , and was easy to get a hold of .
When contacted , he pointed out that large portions of the report were inaccurate .
A prominent climate blogger contacted both Latif and the NSIDC ; he quotes Latif as saying , " I do n't know what to do .
They just make these things up . "
Referring to " facts " attributed to it by the article , The NSIDC 's director said , " This is completely false .
NSIDC has never made such a statement and we were never contacted by anyone from the Daily Mail . "
So far , Fox News has run a note indicating that its original version included erroneous reporting .
The Daily Mail does n't seem to have responded , despite the fact that one of its competitors ran a story on its poor reporting .
It 's not just the climate that brings out this sort of insanity .
A recent review in the journal Pediatrics examined the incidence of digestive problems in children with autism .
It concluded that there was no clear evidence that these problems occur at higher rates among those with autism , and absolutely no evidence that dietary interventions help autistic children .
What the authors did suggest is that autistics may have dietary issues at the same rate as the regular population , but have difficulty communicating them ; therefore , changes to diet can significantly improve their behavior .
It 's a complicated message , which really requires a credible and authoritative source to convey .
ABC
News responded to that requirement by turning to actress Jenny McCarthy , who ( predictably ) complained that doctors were n't " listening to our anecdotal evidence . "
McCarthy has a long history of dismissing epidemiology , statistics , and all the other evidence - based tools we use to make public health decisions , so ABC News knew exactly what it was doing by giving her a podium .
In essence , the message it sent was " we will intentionally undercut the best available science using a celebrity . "
Calling that message irresponsible grossly understates the problem .
If a news organization had put words in the mouth of a political figure , there would almost certainly be a firestorm of controversy .
The same would occur if one had turned to a Hollywood star or sports figure for comment on , say , a Congressional Budget Office report .
When it comes to science , however , the response seems to be limited to a few outraged bloggers .
It 's difficult not to think that there 's a double standard involved in the complete indifference to accuracy when it comes to scientific information .
NEW ORLEANS --
Who owns " Who Dat ? "
Some T - shirt makers are asking that question after they were hit with cease - and - desist letters from the NFL demanding that they stop selling shirts with the traditional cheer of New Orleans Saints fans .
The National Football League says the shirts infringe on a legal trademark it owns .
Separately , two brothers and longtime Saints fans claim they own the phrase , which was around before the long - downtrodden team 's inception in 1966 .
The league said Friday it 's not trying to exclude all uses of Who Dat and the fleur - de - lis logo -- just when either is used in combination with other Saints trademarks , like their fleur - de - lis logo and uniform designs .
The chant -- " Who dat say dey gonna beat dem Saints " -- is often shortened to " Who Dat " on shirts and signs and has been a mainstay at the Superdome since the 1980s .
Saints fans , still jubilant after the Saints ' win over the Minnesota Vikings for their first Super Bowl appearance , have voiced their dismay on radio talk shows , blogs and Web site posts .
Many say it 's something that simply can't be owned .
" How can they put a trademark on something that 's been around for 150 years ? " said Robert Lauricella , a 50 - year - old oil field sales representative .
" Just because the Saints have made the Super Bowl , why does everybody have to make a buck ? "
Shirts bearing the Saints cheer are big business as the team prepares for the big game against the Indianapolis Colts in Super Bowl XLIV on Feb. 7 in Miami .
Lauren
Thom , owner of the Fleurty Girl T - shirt shop in New Orleans , said Thursday that she recently received a letter from the NFL demanding that she quit selling " Who Dat " shirts .
" I do n't mind paying royalties , " Thom said .
" I just do n't know who owns ' Who Dat ' or whether it's in the public domain . "
The beloved ' Who Dat ' cheer and the NFL 's claim to the legal trademark has put Saints fans in a defiant state of mind .
AP Photo / Judi Bottoni
The NFL does n't cut much slack when it believes it owns a trademark .
This case is no exception .
In an e-mail , league spokesman Brian McCarthy said the NFL has sent a handful of letters in the past year asking vendors to stop selling " Who Dat " merchandise .
The unlicensed shirts led fans to believe the Saints endorsed the product , he said .
" This helps protect the local businesses that are selling legitimate Saints merchandise and also the local printers that are making the licensed Saints apparel , " he said .
Meanwhile , WhoDat Inc. , controlled by longtime Saints fans and brothers Sal and Steve Monistere , also claims rights to the phrase .
In 1983 , Steve Monistere produced the song " Who Dat Say They Gonna Beat Dem Saints " with Aaron Neville and several Saints players .
In a statement Thursday , WhoDat Inc. said that before that recording , there were no branded items with the motto .
The brothers said the company has the only federal trademark for " Who Dat . "
Steve Monistere said he and his brother were at the Saints ' first game in 1967 and have been fans through all the ups and downs -- mostly downs , of course .
Storyville shop co-owner Gabriel Harvey pulled his " Who Dat " shirts after getting letters from the NFL and WhoDat Inc .
" It seems unclear who , if anyone , owns it , " Harvey said .
" A lot of people believe it belongs to the city and the people . "
Two members of Louisiana 's congressional delegation -- Republican Sen. David Vitter and Democratic congressman Charlie Melancon -- took public umbrage at the NFL .
As a child , I think , I kept the Alice books in a different box in my brain from other books about imaginary children .
I do n't think they were read to me – there was " a war on " .
I think I puzzled them out when I was about seven or eight , younger than ­Alice Liddell was on the famous " golden afternoon " in 1862 when she and her two sisters rowed from Folly Bridge , Oxford , to Godstow with the 30 - year - old Lewis Carroll and his clerical friend Robinson Duckworth , and were told the first version of the story .
A child reader 's imagination inhabits the world of a book in many different ways , depending on the book .
She walks deep into imaginary forests ; she saves desperate beasts ; she flirts with brave boys .
The Harvard academic Maria Tatar has observed wisely that children do not usually " identify " with fictional children – they stand a little apart inside the fictional world and intensely observe the people and the action .
But Wonderland and the world through the Looking Glass were , I always knew , different from other imagined worlds .
Nothing could be changed , although things in the story were always changing .
There was , so to speak , nothing going on in the hinterland of the clearing with the Mad Hatter 's tea party , or beyond the Red Queen 's garden gate .
Carroll moves his readers as he moves chess pieces and playing cards .
This is not to say that the reader 's experience of the world is not vivid , enthralling and ­entirely memorable .
It is just different .
Spaces in these books succeed each other with the arbitrary reality of real dreams , from the long fall through the earth to the hall of locked doors to the pool of tears .
There is no other book in which both sizes and distances are so problematic :
Alice expands and diminishes ; she has to learn to move backwards to go forwards when she is through the looking glass ; progress in the looking - glass world is in mad rushes and jumps at inordinate speeds across the chessboard .
Even as a child I sensed that this was not surreal nonsense – it was some other kind of order , like the wonderful orders we now see in the fractal geometries of chaos .
Another thing which is odd about reading Alice is that the reader – even a reader aged seven or eight – can never stop thinking about the language .
The texture of reading Alice is a series of linguistic puzzles , contradictions and jokes , of which Humpty Dumpty 's assertions of his own arbitrary power over words ( a word " means what I choose it to mean " ) are only the most striking .
Alice is as much part of this linguistic tissue as the creatures she meets .
As she falls through the earth she does n't feel terror , she thinks , she talks to herself and analyses what is happening and may happen .
She is prepared to give as good as she gets in arguments with pigeons , caterpillars , frog footmen , smiling cats and red and white queens .
Her main emotion is trying to make sense against increasing odds .
The insistence on language in the experience of reading Alice is intensified by the wild poems .
As a child I could sense that these were parodies of " real " respectable poems ;
Alice tells you so – she can feel " You are old , Father William " going remorselessly wrong as she recites it .
" Jabberwocky " haunts the rhythms of the brain , but the nonsense words have meanings , which the reader is eventually told .
Order and disorder are very close .
The intellect offers more delight than the emotions – perhaps our first prolonged experience of intellectual excitement .
I store books in my head with half - visualised mnemonics .
The Alice books sit apart as a kind of cubic cat 's - cradle of brightly coloured threads – red , white , black , grass - green .
I now also think of the impossible buildings and worlds in the drawings of MC Escher .
Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland was written in 1862 and published in 1865 .
Through the Looking - Glass was published in 1871 .
The great children 's books that shaped the imaginations of successive generations came later and many were written around the turn of the 20th century .
Kipling 's Jungle Books and Puck of Pook 's Hill , E Nesbit 's tales of children meeting psammeads and phoenixes and other opinionated beasts , George MacDonald 's tales of Curdie the miner and his princess , L Frank Baum 's tales of the land of Oz , Frances Hodgson Burnett 's The Secret Garden and Little Lord Fauntleroy , Mrs Molesworth 's The Cuckoo Clock , Kenneth Grahame 's The Wind in the Willows and JM Barrie 's Peter Pan , even Treasure Island , have children making their own lives and fates in strange worlds outside the daily experience of family and school .
Children in these books have a kind of emotional and moral autonomy which is new in literature .
The child reader feels their problems , decisions and dangers differently from those of either children in real fairy stories ( Hansel and Gretel ) or children in novels who will grow up – Pip in terror by his parents ' gravestone , Oliver Twist in the orphanage , David Copperfield tormented by the Murdstones , Jane Eyre in the Red Room , or furious , sulky Maggie Tulliver .
Some great characters in children 's books are orphans , or part orphans , or temporary orphans whose parents have gone away .
Kipling , in his autobiographical story for adults , " Baa Baa Black Sheep " , one of the greatest stories I 've read , tells of children suddenly separated from parents for five years in India and sent to stay with a gloomy religious tyrant , who persecutes the boy and does not notice he is going blind .
One of the most moving orphans is Mary in The Secret Garden .
Mary is doubly isolated .
She is born in India to a fashionable flibbertigibbet mother who neglects her and leaves her to the care of servants .
Her mother is then killed by cholera , along with most of the household , and the uncomprehending child is discovered alone in the house of death .
The fact that she does not quite understand what has happened arouses the reader 's sympathy at the start .
She is a disagreeable , self - centred child , sent to stay in the Yorkshire house of an invisible , absent uncle .
My childish responses to Mary 's attempts to make sense of the world were the opposite to my response to Alice .
I felt protective towards her and , at the same time , I did see the world from inside her .
I was embarrassed with and for her .
Embarrassment is a great point of sympathy between reader and character .
( Alice is never really embarrassed , although the people of Wonderland constantly try to drive her into that state . )
Servants and ordinary people are kind to Mary and teach her kindness .
Yet her own cussedness and capacity for tantrums turn out to be a strength when she meets the cosseted and neglected invalid Colin , another self - centred child – seen by the reader , I think , through Mary 's eyes as she hectors him into ordinary life .
Another orphan in a strange world is Griselda in The Cuckoo Clock , who goes to live with two great aunts – the reader works out that this is after the death of her parents .
In this old house the " stepmothers " are kind and gentle but the child is isolated and thoughtful – and again the child reader can sympathise with her isolation .
She makes friends with a magical cuckoo in a cuckoo clock who takes her to strange worlds – not just " fairyland " , as she hopes , but other places full of butterflies or nodding mandarins .
She even visits the ballroom of the old house in the past and sees her beautiful , laughing young mother dancing .
Both the real and the magical characters are ­anxious to show Griselda how to behave well , to do her lessons , not to sulk , not to rebel .
Again the child reader sees the world from Griselda 's point of view , learns as she learns , feels her pleasures and anxieties .
Mrs Molesworth is a very present voice as a narrator : " For fairies , you know , children , however charming , are sometimes rather queer to have to do with .
They do n't like to be interfered with , or treated except with very great respect , and they have their own ideas about what is proper and what is n't , I can assure you . "
This is the voice of the Mother Goose storyteller , and does serve to distance Griselda – we do not feel her griefs or joys intensely as we feel those of Mary in The Secret Garden .
We are being told a satisfactory tale .
We know it must and will end well .
Two solitary children I thought of when searching for analogies with Alice are very different from her , and from each other .
They are Mowgli in the Jungle Books and Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz. Dorothy is literally torn away from her already orphaned life with Aunt Em and Uncle Henry in Kansas when a tornado carries her house away to the Land of Oz , where it lands on , and kills , the Wicked Witch of the East .
As Dorothy travels through Oz , rescuing the heartless Tin Man , the brainless Scarecrow and the Cowardly Lion , she might be thought to resemble Alice travelling through the Looking - Glass world in the company of the White Knight , the Sheep and the mournful Gnat .
But in truth Dorothy does not have much character – less than her three companions who nevertheless provide no niche for the reader 's imagination to hang on to .
Oz , with its four compass directions , two Wicked Witches and two Good Witches , and the Emerald City of Oz in the centre , feels like a construction , not like a dream .
It has been said to be an allegory of utopian socialism , and it has been said to be an allegorised tract against the commodification of America .
It is certainly about America , in a quite different way from the way that the Mowgli tales , Puck of Pook 's Hill , and Kim are about the British empire .
Baum was both a great storyteller and a writer with designs on his audience .
I have read a very convincing case for the idea that the Yellow Brick Road and the silver shoes Dorothy takes from the dead witch are an allegory of the 19th - century disputes about bimetallism and the gold standard .
Even the name
Oz would stand for an ounce of free silver on the golden path to a free coinage .
( The shoes were changed to ruby in the 1939 film . )
Jack Zipes has argued convincingly that Baum's 14 novels about the land of Oz are a criticism of the America of his time , its machines , its commodities , its politics .
Oz , with its kind witches and female powers , is the utopia that stands against , not for , the United States .
The way the story is told confirms the idea that it is firmly controlled by beliefs and meanings .
Baum said that he was dispensing with the old world of fairy tales .
This is from his 1900 introduction to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz :
Yet the old - time fairy tale , having served for generations , may now be classed as " historical " in the children 's library ; for the time has come for a series of newer " wonder tales " in which the stereotyped genie , dwarf and fairy are eliminated , together with all the horrible and blood - curdling incidents devised by their authors to point a fearsome moral to each tale .
Modern education includes morality ; therefore the modern child seeks only entertainment in its wonder - tales and gladly dispenses with all disagreeable incidents .
" Amerika , du hast es besser , " Goethe wrote , comparing new , clean America to the old continent , with its decaying castles and grim tales .
European readers may feel that there are things missing from Baum 's imaginary world .
He mediates this world to us in some ways similarly to the way in which Mrs Molesworth mediates the fairies and shadows of The Cuckoo Clock .
As Zipes remarks , Baum 's " own writing style and the governing style of [ the good witches ]
Ozma and Glinda are strikingly similar : they are soothing , and attentive to the peculiar desires and needs of characters . "
Zipes sees the Oz books as examples of " psychological principles of object relations that are to guide parents in the nurturing of their children . "
Oddly , this does not lead to the invention of characters into whom the reader can insert his or her imagination .
What is splendid about
Oz is the detail of things – yellow bricks , emerald glasses , oilcans .
Dorothy does good .
­Alice tries furiously to understand .
Mowgli and Kim , the lone children who inhabit Kip­ling 's India are , on the other hand , sagacious , resourceful and brave .
The worlds they inhabit are open to the imagination of the reader .
I was amazed , on rereading the Jungle Books , just how much of the jungle and its people I had made up myself , events and places that were not to be found in the original tales .
It was not exactly that I " was " Mowgli .
I have a disproportionate resistance to the idea of " identifying " with anyone at all , ­fictive or real .
Mowgli is alone in a world with its own strange laws and inhabitants , as Alice is alone .
He needs to make sense of it , and fast , from the chattering Bandar - log to the swaying snakes .
He is both self - sufficient and loved by creatures who are not his parents , or allegories of human family members , but talking beasts in a beasts ' world .
But as a reader one lives along with Mowgli – or for that matter with Rikki - Tikki - Tavi pursuing cobras through bathrooms .
There is no one like Kipling for smells and sounds , and that peculiar placing of a clearing or a bungalow garden so that the reader knows that the world stretches away beyond what can be seen , equally full of interest , of excitement , of fear .
I did not want Mowgli to go back to the humans .
I cared as much and as little about his mother as he did , though he needed to save her from the nasty and stupid co-villagers .
You are made to look out of Mowgli 's eyes ( though not exclusively ) ; you can not get inside Alice .
The other solitary boy I accompanied like a clinging shadow was Jim in Treasure Island .
His is a first - person narrative , which is as often distancing as it is involving .
But the smells , the fear , the effort , the attempt to read strange and dangerous faces , or deceptively mild ones , become part of one 's own consciousness .
The reader can walk in unexplored parts of Treasure Island , can imagine being marooned .
Jim enters his story as his father dies and his world becomes precarious , like that of Mary in The Secret Garden .
Jim 's mother is there at the beginning , counting out no more than her due of gold coins from the dead pirate 's hoard .
The adventure story begins when Jim leaves home .
In British fairytales the human characters are often swept away to where the fairy folk live , down a tunnel , between the roots of trees .
In George MacDonald 's tales about Curdie , the princess and the goblins , Curdie is a miner , the goblins are under­ground and the princess makes a fearless journey to save Curdie .
Alice goes down the rabbit hole , the Darling children find themselves in the Lost Boys ' underground lair in Neverland .
The other place where children between two kinds of reality tend to wander is along endless corridors of rooms with closed doors – Mary and Griselda do this , both looking for a way in .
In Alice 's adventures underground , as in The Cuckoo Clock , and , differently , in The Secret Garden , they find the way to places full of brightness and colour , into gardens .
Where they come from is gloomily coloured , as they are themselves .
Mary comes from India , which in Kipling 's world is rich and bright , but in hers is desiccated and yellow – as she herself is sallow and yellow .
Dorothy and her dog
Toto are whirled from grey Kansas to the blue Munchkins , the yellow road , the emerald city ( even if its brilliance is an illusion bestowed by emerald - coloured glasses ) .
Mrs Molesworth writes of Griselda : " A little girl in a grey merino frock and grey beaver bonnet , grey tippet and grey gloves – all grey together , even to her eyes , all except her round rosy face and bright brown hair .
Her name even was rather grey , for it was Griselda . "
Alice peers through " a small passage , not much larger than a rat - hole " into " the loveliest garden you ever saw .
How she longed to get out of that dark hall and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and those cool fountains , but she could not even get her head through the doorway . "
Griselda , with the cuckoo , visits Butterfly Land , a garden world in which flowers of all imaginable and unimaginable colours are arranged in regular order , and where the butterflies are diligently collecting colours to paint the more shadowy flowers " down there " in Griselda 's world .
Mrs Molesworth steadily mixes the Protestant work ethic with the magical – the butterflies work to the point of exhaustion .
In the real world of The Secret Garden Mary is shown the key to the walled garden , buried for 10 years , by a friendly robin , and restores the garden to life and colour as grey winter moves to spring , assisted by Dickon , a village boy like Puck or Pan , who has a following of wild creatures – squirrels , rook , rabbit .
The " magic " in the garden also restores the imaginary invalid Colin to health and colour .
I think the idea of what Morris called " a little garden - close / Set thick with lily and red rose " is a particularly English one .
American children are made free by the prairie ( or Central Park in magic forms ) and Australian children discover the outback .
Imagined worlds are full of imaginary creatures .
Real fairytales are full of talking beasts ( horses , donkeys , pigs ) and animal helpers ( sturgeon , doves , foxes ) who come and go as the plot needs them and then disappear .
MacDonald 's goblins are accompanied by all sorts of ugly and distorted beasts ; Curdie in a later book has an army of them , including Lisa , a dog with elephant legs and shark 's teeth , and the leg - serpent , who has a winged head , a long sinuous body , and four short legs near its tail .
Gillian Beer has written about these in terms of Darwinian speculation about acquired characteristics .
The creatures in the ­Alice books are talkative and argumentative .
They have human characteristics but are not human .
The White Rabbit is a rabbit in a waistcoat with a pocket watch , the Dormouse is a dormouse , the Monstrous Crow is a crow .
Alice lumps both humans and animals together as " creatures " and thinks that they do go on talking so much .
In The Wind in the Willows all the characters are creatures – badger , rat , mole , toad – and are simultaneously English bachelors who have not grown up , and boys seeing the countryside .
Mole comes up from his own dark hole and sees the brilliance of the river bank and its ducks , or walks through the Wild Wood afraid of weasels and stoats .
Most of all , in the Jungle Books , the creatures are characters and also creatures .
The wolf pack hunts like a wolf pack , the snakes move like snakes .
Film productions of the Alice books , and much psychoanalytic commentary , tend to dwell on the frightening aspects of the incomprehensible creatures – the execution - obsessed Queen , the huge child in the tiny bedroom .
Jan Švankmajer 's surrealist 1988 film
Alice takes place in a grim , dead house with peeling paint , menacing toothed beasts and threatening scissors and knives .
It 's a good film but it is not Alice who moves fearlessly through bright weather .
Martin Gardner , editor of the splendid The Annotated Alice , notes that there are a series of jokes about death in the stories .
The first is when Alice remarks " Why , I would n't say anything about it , even if I fell off the top of the house ! " and the narrator adds wryly " Which was very likely true " .
But Alice is not thinking about death and neither does her reader .
She is not afraid in the wood where all things lose their names – she goes on puzzling things out .
Both Gardner , and Jonathan Miller in his remarks about his 1966 television film Alice in Wonderland , reject the insistent Freudian interpretations which start with holes and keys .
Miller very successfully cast all the creatures as humans – weird versions of the Oxford dons and college porters the real Alice would have known .
He has a wonderful cast of virtuoso actors – Peter Sellers as the King of Hearts , Peter Cook as the Mad Hatter , Michael Redgrave as the Caterpillar and , best of all , John Gielgud and Malcolm Muggeridge , at the sea 's edge , dancing the lobster quadrille .
His Alice , like all the acted Alices I have seen , is the wrong side of puberty and can look sulky as opposed to annoyed .
Fear goes with evil ­beings , and with dangerous landscapes .
Blind Pew , and smiling , treacherous Long John Silver taught me much about fear , about the possibility of real danger .
Kipling 's jungle , of which Grahame 's Wild Wood was an innocent relation , also taught me fear – as indeed did Beatrix Potter 's Tom Kitten , lost in the tunnels of the chimney , rolled in pastry by a terrible rat .
We need , we enjoy fear .
Kipling has a wonderful tale in The Jungle Book – " How Fear Came " – and a poem I used to chant , " The Song of the Little Hunter " , with its refrain " It is fear , O little Hunter , it is fear . "
Kipling knew , as MacDonald and Stevenson knew , the thrill of human fear in a landscape which is larger than human , full of darkness and dangerous creatures .
Rereading now what I read as a frightened child in wartime what I feel is grief , grief for the lost jungles , the overrun oceans , the diminished woods .
The opposite of fear , in the Victorian and Edwardian tale , is cloying sentiment .
Oddly , this does not harm the tale of Little Lord Fauntleroy , a child with an American mother called " Dearest " whose generosity and goodwill towards all the world convert his wicked , cynical grandfather , who keeps his mother at a distance in a dower house .
Burnett writes with total conviction about this kind child , and takes the reader with her .
But what are we to make of that disastrous work by Lewis Carroll himself , Sylvie and Bruno ?
The narrator , a man , slips in and out of his real life into the fairyland world of the sweet children , Sylvie and Bruno , which is full of sickly baby talk and bad jokes .
As a child , I tried so hard to read it .
I gave it every benefit of the doubt – this was the master of storytelling and humour – and even as a child I was embarrassed for him .
Barrie 's sentimental tales are more sinister .
" The Little White Bird " was the story in which Peter Pan made his first appearance .
It tells of Kensington Park , where babies fall out of their prams and no one notices , and dead babies become fairies .
Peter Pan is no more than seven days old .
The crusty bachelor finally manages to fulfil his dream of spending the night with a young boy whom he is looking after , in his bed .
It is all about sweet innocence – like Sylvie and Bruno – and makes the reader more uneasy and anxious than that heavy failure .
The creatures in the Pooh stories are animated stuffed toys , who are entirely adequately represented by EH Shepard 's drawings .
The reading child is wiser and cleverer than all of them , and also wiser and cleverer than Christopher Robin .
This is a tame , enjoyable , circumscribed wood , and maybe for that reason I do n't too much mind seeing the Disney representations of it , though I 've never watched the film through .
In the 1970s Alison Lurie was writing about the Disneyfication of the American ( and consequently the British ) imagination .
The old fairy stories , their power and their mystery , were , she said , being killed by saccharine twinkling princesses and sweetly comical dragons .
The first such Disney film I ever saw was Snow White , which added considerably to my experience of wonderful fear and terror , even though its heroine was a doll .
This , I have been told , was because it was made by German refugees who had a sense of the darkness of the old stories .
The film Bambi diminished the sense of real forests and creatures I had found in the book .
The unbearable thing was the filming of the Jungle Books .
Disney cartoons use the proportions of human baby faces – those wide eyes , those chubby cheeks we respond to automatically .
The black hunting panther , the terrible strong snake , the wolf pack and its howl , the cringing tiger became dolls and toys like Pooh , Piglet and Eeyore , and some crucial imaginative space was irretrievably lost .
Tim Burton has wisely solved the problem of Alice , girl actors and puberty by making her 19 .
Alice is both lucky and resilient when made into films .
So much of the original is recitations and performances , which great actors can , and do , make new and startling .
The space of its world is in the head , and can be done with sets and visual trickery .
The version in my memory remains intact .
Alice in Wonderland opens nationwide on 5 March .
The BFI Southbank Alice in Wonderland season runs from March 5 to 17 .
Recently by Gary North : Uncle Billy , Starring Ben Bernanke
The Huffington Post has come up with a nice little protest movement .
Let ’s pull our money out of the bailed - out banks and put it in local banks that lend to locals .
Who are the locals ?
People just like us .
This makes sense economically .
If you ever want a loan , get it from your own banker .
If it ’s a local bank , you will be treated well .
The FDIC insures all accounts up to $ 250,000 .
Your money is as safe in a local bank as a bailed - out mega - bank .
The folks at Huffington are on the Left .
But we can all agree when we see insider bailouts like the ones in September and October 2008 .
They have produced a video .
This video is biased , mean - spirited , and simplistic ; I love it !
The more of these low - budget YouTube videos on the Big Bank bailout , the better .
https://youtube.com/watch?v=Icqrx0OimSs%26hl%3Den_US%26fs%3D1%26
The bankers are on the defensive .
Let ’s keep them there .
On the causes of America ’s Great Depression , we should blame the Federal Reserve System in the late 1920s — not the early 1930s , contrary to Milton Friedman .
On this point , read Prof.
Roger Garrison ’s review of Murray Rothbard ’s book , America ’s Great Depression .
You can download the book for free .
The Huffington Post article is here .
The authors — Mrs. Huffington and former Chief Economist of the Senate Banking Committee , Rob Johnson — have had enough .
They do not call this a bank run .
They call it a withdrawal tax .
I like that .
I agree with them on this point : the protest is neither Right wing nor Left wing .
The idea is simple :
If enough people who have money in one of the big four banks move it into smaller , more local , more traditional community banks , then collectively we , the people , will have taken a big step toward re-rigging the financial system so it becomes again the productive , stable engine for growth it ’s meant to be .
It ’s neither Left nor Right — it ’s populism at its best .
Consider it a withdrawal tax on the big banks for the negative service they provide by consistently ignoring the public interest .
It ’s time for Americans to move their money out of these reckless behemoths .
And you do n’t have to worry , there is zero risk : deposit insurance is just as good at small banks — and unlike the big banks they do n’t provide the toxic dividend of derivatives trading in a heads - they - win , tails - we - lose fashion .
Think of the message it will send to Wall Street — and to the White House .
That we have had enough of the high - flying , no-limits - casino banking culture that continues to dominate Wall Street and Capitol Hill .
That we wo n’t wait on Washington to act , because we know that Washington has , in fact , been a part of the problem from the start .
We simply ca n’t count on Congress to fix things .
We have to do it ourselves — and the big banks are the core of the problem .
We need to return to the stable , reliable , people - oriented approach of America ’s community banks .
. . .
JP Morgan / Chase , Citi , Wells Fargo , and Bank of America may be “ too big to fail ” — but they are not too big to feel the impact of hundreds of thousands of people taking action to change a broken financial and political system .
Let them gamble with their own money , not yours .
Let ’s turn big banks into smaller banks .
We ’ll all be better off — and safer — as a result .
Make it your New Year ’s resolution to move your money .
We ca n’t think of a better way to start 2010 .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2010 Gary North
You should have seen it coming .
This is what i'm trying to make people learn .
It 's a video of Mell Gibson taking an interview and at the end he calls the reporter and a ** hole .
It has some clear indication that he does n't like what he is being asked .
Well you can figure it out just by simply basic deduction but it 's nice to see some visual representation of an annoyed person .
This is the video:1 ) 00:00:00 - 2 seconds /
He slightly brings his face forward .
First of all i do n't think that there 's a problem with his hearing ( only in two occasion he does this ... in the rest his hearing is fine ) and neither with the equipment so this has to be a very important question or interview for him .
2 ) 00:00:18 - 3 seconds /
He rubs his nose which is a classical calming gesture .
He is reassuring himself that everything is ok .
/3 ) 00:00:29 / the same as 1 ) point ... he over emphasize hearing what the interviewer is saying / 4 ) 00:00:40 / concealed fear expressions - you can see the smile that no problem but it's not a true smile it 's hiding a fear expression .
you can see the expression in the upper face .
the brows are drawn together and raise , the wrinkles on the forehead are in the center .
/5 ) 00:00:46 / visual remember - eyes pointing on his upper left - he remembering the drinking problem / 6 ) 00:00:46 - 2 - 3 seconds / a long scorn - made by his nose - it's a gesture that you make when you do n't like something .. similar to disgust / 7 ) 00:00:53 / he leans forward trying to be in the reported face or trying to be more to his leaved to explain very carefully that the drinking problem happened almost 5 years ago /8 ) 00:01:03 - 2 seconds / he takes a coffee cup and crosses his legs ; it 's a clear sign that he is trying to protect himself from the reporter / 9 ) 00:01:10 / disgust in his lower face .
the lower lip is raised and pushed up to the upper lip /
The last think that he does is drink from his coffee while the report is saying something good about Mell .
It 's a impolite gesture but you kind of get by know that he is n't taking very good to the inappropriate question asked by the reported .
In the conclusion you should of seen it coming .
celebrities
Next in line for a bailout : Social Security
NEW YORK �( Fortune ) --
Do n't look now .
But even as the bank bailout is winding down , another huge bailout is starting , this time for the Social Security system .
A report from the Congressional Budget Office shows that for the first time in 25 years , Social Security is taking in less in taxes than it is spending on benefits .
Instead of helping to finance the rest of the government , as it has done for decades , our nation 's biggest social program needs help from the Treasury to keep benefit checks from bouncing -- in other words , a taxpayer bailout .
No one has officially announced that Social Security will be cash - negative this year .
But you can figure it out for yourself , as I did , by comparing two numbers in the recent federal budget update that the nonpartisan CBO issued last week .
The first number is $ 120 billion , the interest that Social Security will earn on its trust fund in fiscal 2010 ( see page 74 of the CBO report ) .
The second is $ 92 billion , the overall Social Security surplus for fiscal 2010 ( see page 116 ) .
This means that without the interest income , Social Security will be $ 28 billion in the hole this fiscal year , which ends Sept. 30 .
Why disregard the interest ?
Because as people like me have said repeatedly over the years , the interest , which consists of Treasury IOUs that the Social Security trust fund gets on its holdings of government securities , does n't provide Social Security with any cash that it can use to pay its bills .
The interest is merely an accounting entry with no economic significance .
Social Security has n't been cash - negative since the early 1980s , when it came so close to running out of money that it was making plans to stop sending out benefit checks .
That led to the famous Greenspan Commission report , which recommended trimming benefits and raising taxes , which Congress did .
Those actions produced hefty cash surpluses , which until this year have helped finance the rest of the government .
But even then , it was clear the surpluses would be temporary .
Now , years earlier than projected , Social Security is adding to the government 's borrowing needs , even though the program still shows a surplus on paper .
If you go to the aforementioned pages in the CBO update and consult the tables on them , you see that the budget office projects smaller cash deficits ( about $ 19 billion annually ) for fiscal 2011 and 2012 .
Then the program approaches break - even for a while before the deficits resume .
Social Security currently provides more than half the income for a majority of retirees .
Given the declines in stock prices and home values that have whacked millions of people , the program seems likely to become more important in the future as a source of retirement income , rather than less important .
It would have been a lot simpler to fix the system years ago , when we could have used Social Security 's cash surpluses to buy non-Treasury securities , such as government - backed mortgage bonds or high - grade corporates that would have helped cover future cash shortfalls .
Now it 's too late .
Even though an economic recovery might produce some small , fleeting cash surpluses , Social Security 's days of being flush are over .
To be sure -- three of the most dangerous words in journalism -- the current Social Security cash deficits are n't all that big , given that Social Security is a $ 700 billion program this year , and that the government expects to borrow about $ 1.5 trillion in fiscal 2010 to cover its other obligations , about the same as it borrowed in fiscal 2009 .
But this year 's Social Security cash shortfall is a watershed event .
Until this year , Social Security was a problem for the future .
Now it 's a problem for the present .
The Lost premier was pretty cool .
Did n’t answer anything too crazy .
Just some stuff that fans had been suspecting already , but it was a satisfying episode to me anyway .
I ’m excited to listen to the discussion on the next Lost podcast with Jay and Jack .
I ’ve been listening to these guys since season three , its pretty entertaining .
If you ’re in to Lost check them out : http://www.jayandjack.com/
What happened with all good old films that used to make us cry out of laughter ?
Really , guys , I want to see some movies that will make me laugh .
Ok , maybe we became too occupied with every day routine , maybe we still think too much about our jobs , money , family problems ?
Problems with our neighbors ?
No , no , I ’m not hinting on any movie … ( yet ) !
While watching this year ’s Oscar nominations , one ca n’t help but wonder – why is n’t there category for best Comedy ?
Go out and tell some director – “ man , that was a good job , here ’s the Oscar ! ”
Is it possible that somewhere out there does not exist some great , funny masterpiece that will make our stomach hurt ?
Or is there some problem in Academy policy that just thinks that is not worth our attention ?
And yes , we do understand that we ’re living in some crazy time , where money rules everything , so we ’re not trying to act like some saints with mission to return stumbled world on a right direction .
We just want to laugh !
From time to time !
Are we asking too much ?!
Or , does that cost too much ?
Let us put things this way .
Good comedy requires good script .
That ’s truth .
Good comedy requires excellent , or let us say – delicate sense of humor .
That ’s truth .
But most of all , comedy requires good , and quality actors , because , you will agree , not every face out there have a possibility to make you laugh .
That ’s also truth .
So we have three main arguments that sit on the side of comedians .
Where ’s the problem then ?
Seems like these facts are some marginal issue .
Of course , now you can tell me – “ but wait , the most important thing is to support innovative things .
Escape reality !
You can watch some comic TV show or something .
Do you see that everyone ’s trying to reach something new , different , not seen yet …after all you have Golden Globe , that is the right place for those comedians to go out and have all the fun in the world . ”
Yeah , yeah , I saw that coming , but I still want to know – why is our central award show so afraid of Comedy ?
I accept even the “ laugh - wrinkles ” answer !
Anything !
Is it possible that one minute comic situation in some high - budget drama is enough to represent the art of comedy on Oscar night ?
I already hear the voices – “ name me one good comedy movie that deserved to get nomination ” .
C’mon people , what about ?
Or !!??
Perhaps ? ……?
It ’s not just the best picture category that is typically anti-comedy , the best actor / actress categories also usually favor dramatic performances over comedic ones .
If we take a little look at the past , we ’ll find next statistic fact – the following are the only ‘ comedies ’ that have won Best Picture : ( 1934 ) , ( 1938 ) , ( 1944 ) , ( 1963 ) , ( 1973 ) , ( 1977 ) .
Short list , huh , and the last one that had a luck to win was more than 30 years ago ?
But movies started out as a comic medium , and laughter has played a significant role in both the birth and the popularity of film as an entertainment industry , we must not forget that .
And this year we have what kind of situation ?
We have “ ” - mix of drama and comedy , and dark comedy “ ” So there you go .
Pretty thin report on comedies nowadays .
Will this thing ever change ?
We can only hope .
Sometimes I ca n’t help but think that maybe at one point , we became too critical of comedies , so they decided to turn their backs on us ?
Ok , now I beg you – Comedy , return to our lives as soon as possible !
IBN LIVE : Rajendra Pachauri , president of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , on Saturday said he would not quit over the IPCC blunder of saying that Himalayan glaciers would disappear by 2035 .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
A collection of quotes from Republican members of the 111th Congress weighing in on the important issues of the day : how health care reform will kill you ; the nation ’s descent into socialism , Nazism ( or both ) ; and why caribou like to mate next to oil pipelines :
Health Care Scaremongering
“ Last week Democrats released a health care bill which essentially said to America ’s seniors : Drop dead . ” — Rep. Ginny Brown - Waite ( R - Fla . )
“ One in five people have to die because they went to socialized medicine !
… I would hate to think that among five women , one of ’em is gonna die because we go to socialized care . ” — Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R - Texas )
The Republicans ’ health care plan “ is pro-life because it will not put seniors in a position of being put to death by their government . ” — Rep. Virginia Foxx ( R - N.C. )
“ We ’ve been battling this socialist health care , the nationalization of health care , that is going to absolutely kill senior citizens .
They ’ll put them on lists and force them to die early because they wo n’t get the treatment as early as they need . ” — Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R - Texas )
“ You have every right to fear .
You should n’t have counseling at the end of life … .
We should not have a government program that determines if you ’re going to pull the plug on grandma . ”
— Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa )
At a town hall meeting in August , Rep. Wally Herger ( R - Calif . ) described health care reform as a “ threat to our democracy . ”
After a member of the audience volunteered , “ I am a proud right - wing terrorist , ” Herger replied , “ Amen , God bless you .
There is a great American . ”
“ This is the best health care system in the world .
We do n’t wait in line …
We will stand in a line sometimes for a concert or for a ball game when we ’re trying to cram 50,000 or 100,000 people through those gates in a short period of time for a definitive time when something starts .
That ’s about the only time that Americans stand in line . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa )
“ They ’re going to save money by rationing care , getting you in a long line .
Places like Canada , United Kingdom , and Europe .
People die when they ’re in line . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa )
“ That ’s exactly what ’s going on in Canada and Great Britain today .
They do n’t have the appreciation of life , as we do in our society , evidently …
A lot of people are gonna die , this program of ‘ government option ’ is being touted as being this panacea , the savior of allowing people to have quality health care at an affordable price — is gonna kill people . ” — Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga . )
“ When people have a cold in say England or Canada , they call a doctor .
But when they have cancer or diabetes they call a travel agent and want to come to america because we still have the best system in the world …
Honestly , I ’m scared .
I ’m scared for my two little babies that are turning a year old in a few days and I think the American people should be scared to see government take over health care . ” — Rep. Trent Franks ( R - Ariz . )
“ It ’s cruel and inhuman to ask the Canadians to give up on their access to good health care here in the United States of America … Let me conclude by simply saying that this Obamacare is cruel and inhuman to Canadians . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa )
“ The problems we currently face with our health care system would be nothing compared to the crisis we would face should government bureaucrats begin dictating what treatments we can and cannot have …
It is dangerous for America to replace our current health care system by diving headlong into socialized medicine . ”
— Sen. James Inhofe ( R - Okla . )
“ There are no Americans who do n’t have healthcare .
Everybody in this country has access to healthcare . ” — Rep. Virginia Foxx ( R - N.C. )
At a town hall meeting in August , a distraught woman told Sen. Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) that her husband ’s insurance would n’t cover treatment for a brain injury .
Coburn replied , “ The idea that the government is the solution to our problems is an inaccurate , a very inaccurate statement ” — and told her to contact his office .
Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) decried government - run medical care while describing how he ’d had a heart attack on Capitol Hill : “ I was lucky that was in the basement of the Capitol and there was a doctor with an EKG machine literally between myself and where that door is .
That was pure luck .
And I ’m also lucky that because I ’m a congressman there was an ambulance outside the Capitol . ”
“ I hope when we go back in after Labor Day that we will step back , start over , and think about the incremental adjustments we need to make in the world ’s finest healthcare . ”
— Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . )
“ This is the abortion industry bailout bill of 2009 .
It will cause hundreds of thousands per year additional abortions because it will market it , provide new venues , new abortion clinics and public subsidies , public funds will be paying for abortions . ” — Rep. Chris Smith ( R - N.J . )
“ The goal of this legislation has been clear from the beginning .
To pass a public option that will serve as a gateway to single payer , government - controlled health care …
Once the government is the only option , it will inevitably have to ration care . ” — Rep. John Shimkus ( R - Ill . )
“ I would rather stop this socialization of health care because once the government pays for your health care , they have every right to tell you what you eat , what you drink , how you exercise , where you live . ” — Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R - Texas )
“ What we have to do today is make a covenant , to slit our wrists , be blood brothers on this thing …
We will do whatever it takes to make sure this does n’t pass …
Right now , we are looking at reaching down the throat and ripping the guts out of freedom .
And we may never be able to restore it if we do n’t man up and take this one on . ” — Rep. Michelle Bachmann ( R - Minn . )
Obama Hysteria
In March , Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) said that if Obama were elected , Al Qaeda would be “ dancing in the streets …
If they do n’t dance in the streets , I will come and apologize to you and everybody in America . ”
“ I ’m very concerned that he may have anti-American views .
That ’s what the American people are concerned about . ” — Rep. Michelle Bachmann ( R - Minn . )
“ The way to look at the reasons Obama does n’t place his hand over his heart when the national anthem is playing , or wear an American flag pin is primarily because he is not willful or spiteful , but because it just does n’t occur to him because it ’s not the way he ’s been raised .
American patriotism is not imprinted on his mind or in his heart , because he was n’t raised as an American . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa )
“ I do n’t know why President Obama is obsessed with turning terrorists loose in America … Barack Obama is disarming America … Those of you who think like I do hope this country can hang on another 16 months . ”
— Sen. James Inhofe ( R - Okla . )
“ Republicans are struggling right now to find the great white hope .
I suggest to any of you who are concerned about that , who are Republican , there are some great young Republican minds in Washington . ” — Rep. Lynn Jenkins ( R - Kan . )
“ He [ Obama ] has the three things that are necessary to establish an authoritarian government …
And so we need to be ever - vigilant , because freedom is precious …
They ’re trying to develop an environment where they can take over .
We ’ve seen that historically . ” — Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga . )
“ [ Obama is ] the star of ACORN , the lead , chief organizer . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa )
On Obama ’s national service program : “ It ’s under the guise of quote ‘ volunteerism ’ … I believe that there is a very strong chance that we will see that young people will be put into mandatory service .
And the real concerns is that there are provisions for what I would call reeducation camps for young people , where young people have to go and get trained in a philosophy that the government puts forward and then they have to go to work in some of these politically correct forums . ” — Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn . )
“ Well , we just heard last week that the federal government now under the Obama administration is calling for a reordering of America ’s food supply .
What ’s that going to mean ?
Now will the White House decide how many calories we consume , or what types of food we consume ? ” — Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn . )
“ The people in our country , they do n’t care who the voice is , they just want someone , they want to know that someone is speaking out for them against what will certainly bring about the destruction of our great country if we continue to go down the Obama path . ” — Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn . )
“ Obama ’s first act as president of any consequence , in the middle of a financial meltdown , was to send taxpayers ’ money overseas to pay for the killing of unborn children in other countries …
There ’s almost nothing that you should be surprised at after that .
We should n’t be shocked that he does all these other insane things .
A president that has lost his way that badly , that has no ability to see the image of God in these little fellow human beings , if he ca n’t do that right , then he has no place in any station of government and we need to realize that he is an enemy of humanity . ” — Rep. Trent Franks ( R - Ariz . )
“ We ’re almost reaching a revolution in this country . ” — Sen. James Inhofe ( R - Okla . )
Flirting With the Birthers
After writing the so - called “ birther bill ” ( which would require presidential campaigns to present candidate ’s birth certificates ) Rep. Bill Posey ( Illinois ) says it was not about Obama : “ I do n’t want to tackle it head on with him . ”
However , he added , “ The only people that I know who are afraid to take drug tests are the people who use drugs . ” — Rep. Bill Posey ( R - Fl . )
“ What I do n’t know is why the President ca n’t produce a birth certificate .
I do n’t know anybody else that ca n’t produce one .
And I think that ’s a legitimate question . ” — Rep. Roy Blunt ( R - Mo. )
“ There are probably very few Republicans in the House more disappointed in Barack Obama for his position of promoting abortion on demand , for standing by and letting jihad gain traction in the world and for undermining our constitution and turning us into a socialist nation .
That being said , he ’s a citizen of the United States of America . ” — Rep. Trent Franks ( R - Ariz . )
“ Barack Obama could solve this problem and make the birthers , you know , back off , by simply showing us his long - form birth certificate .
That ’d solve the problem .
There ’s some other issue , I do n’t know what it is , that he does n’t want people to see the birth certificate on . ” — Rep. Trent Franks ( R - Ariz . )
On the birthers : “ They have a point … I do n’t discourage it …
But I ’m going to pursue defeating [ Obama ] on things that I think are very destructive to America . ” — Sen. James Inhofe ( R - Okla . )
Red Baiting
On the stimulus package : “ This steamroller of socialism is being shoved down our throats , and it will strangle our economy .
This porkulous bill has a few decent provisions in it , but it ’s mostly filled with mystery meat .
Rancid meat . ” — Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga . )
“ The question is , did we elect a President because we wanted to have a social democracy system ?
When Americans cast their vote for Barack Obama and they cast it for the Democratic Congress , did they also intend that this country should adopt social democracy , that lesser form of Marxism ? ” — Rep. John Carter ( R - Texas )
Asked by the Washington Times if the Democratic Party should be renamed the “ Democratic - Socialist Party , ” Rep. Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) said , “ It would probably be harmful to rename the party , but it would n’t be harmful to say there ’s a big trend toward socialism with this budget …
Whenever the government does more , there ’s less for the private sector , that ’s a movement toward socialism . ”
“ Now , I do n’t know the distinctions between communism , socialism , and progressivism .
I would think we ’ll get all kinds of definitions and the nuances will emerge if we can have an intense debate about this .
But there are a lot of similar philosophies within those ideologies . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa )
“ This administration and the liberal leadership in this Congress is going down the same road that Hugo Chavez has taken the Venezuelans … Now where is that train going to take us ?
We ’ve got a clear picture of that , too .
All we have to do is look in Cuba , look in the Soviet - controlled Soviet … That ’s exactly where we ’re heading in America today if we continue down this road , this steamroller of socialism , this high - speed train that ’s going to drive us off the economic cliff . ” — Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga . )
“ It is killing this country to move so quickly towards socialism … .
I learned a great lesson on exactly why socialism never works .
Not only did it not work for the New Testament church , and eventually Apostle Paul had to issue an order that if you do n’t work , you do n’t eat , it did n’t work for the Pilgrims .
They had too many people starve to death the first year ; so they went to private property and it flourished . ” — Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R - Texas )
“ If there ’s a push for a socialist society where the foundations of individual rights and liberties are undermined and everybody is thrown together living collectively off one pot of resources earned by everyone , this is one of the goals they have to go to — same - sex marriage , because it has to plow through marriage in order to get to their goal . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa )
“ When you take a lurch to the left you end up in a totalitarian dictatorship .
There is no freedom to the left .
It ’s always to our side of the aisle . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa )
“ I ’m just trying to bring attention to the fact that we may — may not , I hope not — but we may have a problem with that type of philosophy of radical socialism or Marxism . ” — Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga . )
Nazi Baiting
On Obama ’s proposed “ national security force ” : “ That ’s exactly what Hitler did in Nazi Germany and it ’s exactly what the Soviet Union did .
When he ’s proposing to have a national security force that ’s answering to him , that is as strong as the U.S. military , he ’s showing me signs of being Marxist …
You have to remember that Adolf Hitler was elected in a democratic Germany .
I ’m not comparing him to Adolf Hitler .
What I ’m saying is there is the potential of going down that road . ” — Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga . )
“ Following the progressivism of Wilson were communism , fascism and Nazism .
All believed in the state and tried to marginalize religion …
All believed in the minimum wage , state control of private property for the public good , unionization and environmentalism .
And they believed in eugenics to purify the gene pool …
And with the Obama administration , just as in Hitler ’s Germany and Mussolini ’s Italy and Wilson ’s America , the leaders of major corporations are falling in line . ” — Rep. John Linder ( R - Ga . )
“ We have now national socialism in America . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) , talking about the federal takeover of GM
“ These are kids in Germany in 1923 , and they ’re stacking what looks like bricks .
What they are , in fact , stacking is their currency …
That ’s just how bad inflation can be , and we all know the end of that story .
It ended up into Nazi Germany . ” — Rep. John Fleming ( R - La. ) , displaying a photo on the House floor
Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R - Texas ) went on conspiracy monger Alex Jones ’ radio show to discuss Obama .
“ Look at Hitler , ” said Jones .
Gohmert replied , “ Absolutely .
Boy that ’s the best example , maybe the best example …
You just referred to that point in history where this stuff has been done before .
It was done in the 1930s and its not the only place its been done .
It has been done throughout history . ”
Climate Cluelessness
“ I believe that the earth ’s climate is changing , but I think it ’s changing for natural variation reasons .
And I think mankind has been adopting , or adapting to climate as long as man has walked the earth .
When it rains , we find shelter .
When it ’s hot , we get shade .
When it ’s cold , we find a warm place to stay . ” — Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas )
“ Carbon dioxide , Mister Speaker , is a natural byproduct of nature .
Carbon dioxide is natural .
It occurs in Earth .
It is a part of the regular lifecycle of Earth .
In fact , life on planet Earth ca n’t even exist without carbon dioxide .
So necessary is it to human life , to animal life , to plant life , to the oceans , to the vegetation that ’s on the Earth , to the , to the fowl that — that flies in the air , we need to have carbon dioxide as part of the fundamental life cycle of Earth . ” — Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn . )
“ If we decrease the use of carbon dioxide , are we not taking away plant food from the atmosphere ?
… So all our good intentions could be for vain .
In fact , we could be doing the opposite of what the people who want to save the world are saying . ” — Rep. John Shimkus ( R - Ill . )
“ The idea that carbon dioxide is a carcinogen that is harmful to our environment is almost comical … .
Every cow in the world , you know , when they do what they do , you ’ve got more carbon dioxide . ” — Rep. John Boehner ( R - Ohio )
“ We have to have all energy all the time , not a simple focus on a single kind of energy , not a lockout of petroleum because some people say that it produces more CO 2 .
I ’ll not argue the science of that , but this myopic belief that we can limit the emissions of CO2s and that somehow or another we can set the thermostat of the Earth is simply false .
The premise of the science is wrong …
When you have a huge policy like cap - and - trade that ’s built upon a flawed premise such as CO 2 emissions by the United States have dramatically increased the temperature on the planet and if we significantly reduce the CO 2 emissions in the United States it will turn the Earth ’s thermostat down , it ’s a false scientific premise , Mr. Speaker . ” — Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa )
“ Scientists all over this world say that the idea of human induced global climate change is one of the greatest hoaxes perpetrated out of the scientific community .
It is a hoax .
There is no scientific consensus …
We need to be good stewards of our environment , but this is not it , it ’s a hoax ! ” — Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga . )
“ We have been hearing that by 20 years ago we were up to under 12,000 polar bears in the whole world , and now we know there are over 25,000 polar bears in the world .
They ’re doing pretty well .
I ’m pleased the polar bears are doing well …
Hopefully , we wo n’t have to open up additional [ hunting ] seasons , that they will moderate their behavior .
But we also saw with the caribou and people talking about how terrible it is to produce oil in Alaska .
And we heard that if they ever put that pipeline up to Prudhoe Bay , it would kill off the last 2,900 caribou that were in the area , that we just could n’t do that .
It would destroy their mating habits .
Turns out , caribou now , when they want to go on dates , invite each other to go to the pipeline on cold winter nights because that oil is warm going through the pipeline and it makes them amorous .
And now we ’re up to 30,000 caribou in that herd .
So it turns out man and caribou and polar bears can do just fine . ” — Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R - Texas )
“ Wind is God ’s way of balancing heat … Would n’t it be ironic if in the interest of global warming we mandated massive switches to energy , which is a finite resource , which slows the winds down , which causes the temperature to go up ?
… You stop something , you ca n’t transfer that heat , and the heat goes up .
It ’s just something to think about . ” — Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas )
“ More and more , with each month that goes by , more scientists agree with me …
We are winning . ” — Sen. James Inhofe ( R - Okla . )
Some of the 111th Congress ’ Most Pointless Bills
The College Football Playoff Act , sponsored by Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Tex . ) :
Would prohibit the promotion of a post - season NCAA Division I football game as a national championship game “ unless such game is the culmination of a fair and equitable playoff system . ”
( In December 2008 , Barton unveiled a bill to force the NCAA to institute a playoff system .
Now , the conservative Republican has a new bill to limit the use of the phrase “ national championship game . ” )
Camera Phone Predator Alert Act , sponsored by Rep. Peter King ( R - N.Y . ) :
Would require all camera phones to make a sound when a photo is taken .
Bill to require presidential campaigns to present the candidate ’s birth certificate , a .k.a. the “ birther bill , ” sponsored by Rep. Bill Posey ( R - Fla . )
Broadcaster Freedom Act , sponsored by Rep. Mike Pence ( R - Ind. ) and Sen. James Inhofe ( R - Okla . ) : Would prevent the ( imaginary ) return of the Fairness Doctrine .
Resolution proposing a constitutional amendment to prevent the president from adopting a foreign currency ( such as the nonexistent Amero ) , sponsored by Rep. Michelle Bachmann ( R - Minn . )
Resolution proposing the repeal of the 16th Amendment , sponsored by Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) : Would eliminate the federal income tax .
CHURCH ( Congressional Hope for Uniform Recognition of Christian Heritage ) Act , sponsored by Rep. Louis Golmert ( R - Tex . )
PLEDGE ( Pledge Language is English Declaration and Government Endorsement )
Act , sponsored by Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga . )
SAC ( Sunset All Czars ) Act , sponsored by Rep. Steve Scalise ( R - La . )
Dear Joan ,
It 's been a month since the Supreme Court spoke .
Now it 's time for US to speak .
The Democratic Leadership has finally come out with a plan .
And , thanks to your participation , the plan includes three of our proposals .
So far , the plan would :
Stop foreigners from buying our government .
from buying our government .
Prevent government contractors like Blackwater from stealing our elections .
like Blackwater from stealing our elections .
Force disclosure to shareholders when a company wants to bribe and threaten elected officials .
The Supreme Court needs to understand that this is a democracy .
OUR democracy .
It 's urgent that we act .
I 'm going to be speaking with a key congressional committee chairman , Rep. Bob Brady , with a simple message : Let 's go !
Chairman Brady is in charge of the House Administration Committee .
Our bills are assigned to his committee .
He needs to hear from all of us that saving our democracy just can't wait .
Please join me .
Call Rep. Brady 's office in the House Administration Committee and ask him to save our democracy .
The phone number is 202-225-2061 .
Tell him that he needs to move the bill as fast as possible .
You can also weigh in at the committee web site .
In the weeks ahead , I 'll be keeping you informed .
I 'm working to include all of our proposals in the final bill , and make it as strong as possible .
After all , it 's not enough to disclose political looting and bribery .
We must STOP it .
Call Brady 's office in the House Administration Committee and tell him to MOVE the bill : 202-225-2061
Seven out of ten Americans think corporations ALREADY have too much influence over elections .
Eight out of ten Americans want restrictions on corporate spending on elections .
Almost eight out of ten Americans think that shareholders should get to vote before their companies spend one dime on elections .
Call Bob Brady 's office at 202-225-2061 and tell him what you think .
What we think .
Philippine officials have authorized the forcible removal of thousands of people reluctant to leave their farms near the smouldering Mayon volcano , which continues to spew lava and ash .
The governor of Albay province , Joey Salceda , said a provincial board has given security forces the go - ahead to move some 2,000 families who remain within an eight - kilometre danger zone around Mayon .
State volcanologists raised the alert level on Wednesday for the cone - shaped , 2,460 - metre Mayon volcano to two steps below a major eruption , saying the activity could get worse in the coming days .
More than 33,000 of the 47,000 residents within an eight - km radius of Mayon have already been evacuated .
A round - the - clock ban on returning to the area was also imposed on Thursday .
Salceda said police will show pictures of a 1993 eruption that killed more than 70 people in their effort to convince residents to leave peaceably .
Residents have been reluctant to leave their vegetable farms because the volcanic activity comes during harvest time .
Potential for eruption
Chief state volcanologist Renato Solidum said the volcano has caused 82 quakes and eight ash explosions during a 24 - hour period ending Thursday morning .
Lava continues to trickle down the slope of the mountain on Thursday , and two domes of lava have built up inside the crater without cascading down the slopes .
Solidum said these domes could grow larger and plug the crater .
" It can block the passage of gas .
So then if the gas is pressurized , then it can explode , " he said .
Mayon has erupted about 50 times over the last few hundred years , making it the most active volcano in the country .
An eruption in 1814 killed 1,200 people .
More recently , the volcano spewed ash and lava from July to October 2006 , sending about 30,000 people fleeing from their homes .
In December 2006 , typhoon - triggered mudslides along Mayon 's slopes buried entire villages , killing more than 1,000 people .
This is the first of a four - part exclusive interview with Professor A C Grayling , first published in 2010
PETER BRIETBART meets world - renowned philosopher , humanist and atheist A C GRAYLING , Professor of Philosophy at Birkbeck , University of London and a supernumerary fellow of St Anne ’s College , Oxford .
He is a prolific author , whose works include Against All Gods , Liberty in the Age of Terror and Ideas That Matter , and he is a regular contributor to the Guardian newspaper .
Their discussion ranges from burqa bans to circumcision , free will , great literature and the right to die .
The universe can be a difficult and confusing place .
How are we to find direction or purpose ?
The direction and purpose of individual lives are a function of the work that an individual puts into creating them .
When people ask “ What is the meaning of life ? ” , the answer is that it ’s the meaning you impose on it .
It ’s the aim you set for yourself .
There are many different kinds of good lives , and many kinds of valid meaning in life — as many as there are talents for living them .
We ’ve all got different such talents .
The challenge we ’re offered is as old as Socrates and probably older .
Socrates said that the “ considered life ” , in effect meaning the “ chosen life ” , is the good life — always of course , under the government of principles that stop you from harming other people or preventing them from being able to form a good life for themselves .
So the idea is that we have to think about what we want to achieve , why we want to achieve it , what our capabilities are for achieving it , what we value — and then the pursuit of those values is what makes our lives good to live .
And personally ?
What gets you out of bed in the morning ?
What drives you , what inspires you ?
Lots of things !
I ’ve always wanted to try to understand this world of ours and the human predicament : how best to live , how to form good relationships – for these lie at the heart of good lives – especially friendships and affectionate relationships .
The business of thinking philosophically also involves reflecting on literature and the other narrative arts , which can tell us so much about human experience , helping us to reflect on our own experiences and our efforts to create something of value from it .
We ’re all equipped with an ability to create value .
In my case the effort is made through teaching and writing , trying to make a difference to if possible by taking part in the conversation that humanity has with itself about what matters .
So that ’s what gets me up in the morning , because there ’s a lot to be done !
There are a lot of problems in the world , and one would like to try to be involved in understanding them and to making some contribution , however small , to solving them .
A change of tack now , from the philosophical to the political .
France is currently considering banning the burqa .
Do you consider such an act justified , and would you support the UK doing likewise ?
First it ’s important to note that what is meant by “ banning the burqa ” is that any French citizen who accesses public provisions of the French state , such as education or welfare , is required to do so as a French citizen , rather than as a member of one or another self - selected identity group such as constitutes a religion .
I do n’t think France is asking anybody not to wear their religious symbols or their religious dress in their own private time .
What it ’s saying is , if you want to access public provision in some way , do n’t come disguised , masked , or wearing any major religious symbol , which seems to give the message that you ’re demanding you be treated differently .
So in principle I ’m very much with laïcité , the idea of having a neutral , equal public domain , where you ’re not going to listen to attempts by people to say , “ look , I ’m wearing a big crucifix ” or , “ look I ’m covering my head ” so , “ you ’ve got to treat me differently .
” I think the same should be true here .
We ’ve already had some similar difficulties about a woman wanting to wear a full veil while serving as a primary school teacher .
Or people wearing visible crucifixes while providing a public service , or refusing to help gay people in an adoption agency because of their religious principles .
The same principle applies in all these cases .
Public provision is equal to all , and so one should n’t try to distort the relationships in the public sphere by means of these major assertions of religious identity .
Religious believers have been known to accuse those of a scientific mindset of “ unweaving the rainbow ” .
That is , taking the mystery and wonder out of the universe and replacing it with a set of dry mathematical or logical laws .
How might you respond to such a critic ?
Usually people who say that are quite ignorant of what ’s involved in scientific research and of the wonder , the beauty , the amazement that comes out of encountering things in the exploration of nature through science .
Such a person must obviously never have had the experience of solving a problem in mathematics or logic and realising how beautiful those rational structures are .
Also , it ’s a silly and rather shallow view , because someone might be a technical geologist or physicist during the working day , and in the evening hugely enjoy music or writing poetry and reading it to his beloved , and the like .
It ’s a rather trivialising view that completely misunderstands the richness and complexity of human responses , probably all the richer in very intelligent people , people of the kind of intelligence that can do science seriously .
Amazing pictures capture moment a puffin was mugged by a greedy gull
These amazing images capture the moment a puffin was the victim of a mid-air mugging by a greedy gull .
The puffin got a nasty shock when it the raider swooped in to snatch a haul of sand eels from its beak .
The smaller seabird , which would have had to work hard for its beakful of fish , was taken totally by surprise during the airborne smash - and - grab .
Stand and deliver : the puffin gets a nasty shock when a black headed gull swoops in
No chance : the smaller bird has to give up its hard - won catch
Unable to fight off the larger bird , the shocked puffin simply plopped to the ground as the black headed gull made off with most of its catch .
Award - winning amateur photographer Lee Davis managed to capture the aerial ambush as he was taking pictures of puffins on the Farne Islands off the Northumberland cost .
The large - billed seabirds , which grow to around a foot tall , nest on the islands and feed on a variety of small fish .
They are famed for their ability to grab and hold a number of fish in their beak at once - a practice which made this one a target .
Mr Davis , 26 , said he was just about to leave the island when he spotted the puffin fly round the headland , presumably taking its catch back to a hungry brood of chicks .
The gentle seabirds can catch and hold several fish at the same time
He said : ' I saw the puffin about 6ft off the ground , began to track it and as it got closer I spotted it had a beak full of sand eels .
' Just as the puffin flew close enough for me to get a shot I saw the gull swoop in from above and go straight for the eels .
' The gull managed to snatch a load from the puffin 's beak and the poor puffin dropped straight to the floor .
' The gull must have been pretty pleased and flew off with a mouth full of eels and the puffin with only a few left . '
Mr Davis , a mortgage advisor from Leeds , added : ' Puffins leave the nest for a couple of hours at a time so that could have been the result of a fairly long fishing trip .
' Black headed gulls on the Farnes sometimes mob puffins in the hope they might drop a few sand eels to be left alone , but it was very unusual this one actually made impact .
' I was pretty shocked but even more surprised when I looked at the back of my camera and saw I had managed to get such a good shot . '
Atlantic puffins nest in burrows on the Farne Islands , under boulders or in rocky crevices .
There are thought to be up to 50,000 pairs at any one time , making the islands a draw for naturalists .
Several weeks ago , I introduced a way to set up an email distribution list .
In that post I discussed the key differences between Aweber and MailChimp .
In the comments several readers also suggested using Constant Contact .
In that post it was my intention to help introduce missionaries and churches to some of the email newsletter options available .
At the time , I mentioned that I was using MailChimp and I was quite happy with it .
However , since I ’m now using Aweber for my blogs , Money Help For Christians and Help Me Travel Cheap , I thought I should explain why I made the change .
First , everything I said in the previous post is still true and accurate ( as far as I know ) .
MailChimp is still a great service with some nice features , ( especially if you have not used a mailing service before ) and best of all , with less than 500 subscribers , you can send emails for free .
Why I Moved From MailChimp to Aweber
Dear MailChimp ,
It ’s not you , it ’s me …
Since my post several weeks ago , I ’ve changed some of my ideas about blogging .
Basically all I ’ll say is that my list is more important to me now than ever before .
I want to be sure I have the best possible emailing service and I ’ve found that to be Aweber .
I using the list to provide exclusive information on budgeting , debt reduction , investing and the Bible and money .
In addition , I notify subscribers of exclusive offers and promotions .
For example , next month I ’m going to be releasing my first eBook and my subscribers are going to have an exclusive opportunity to buy the eBook for 50 % during a three day promotional period .
If you have not signed up for the MH4C Newsletter make sure you do n’t miss out on any of this bonus information .
Advantages of Aweber as Compared to MailChimp
( Note to the reader – it is quite possible that MailChimp has all of these features ; however , if they are available , they are harder to find and navigate .
Either it is a difference in feature or ease of access ) .
Outstanding customer support – I ’ve needed feedback on a few issues and they have responded quickly .
They have the easiest way to create a customized a sign up form on your blog .
MailChimp ’s subscription widget was not as easy to customize and it seemed to slow down my page load time .
With Aweber I ’ve had no such issues .
Reports subscribers to Feed Burner – My list with MailChimp was did not count towards Feed Burner subscribes .
Now , however , my Aweber subscribers also count as FeedBurner subscribers .
That did provide a boost in my subscription count , but I ’m also getting a dramatically higher subscription rate now that I have some more visible subscription options on my website .
Customized subscription options .
I love the fact that I can now offer both a weekly blog update ( called the MH4C Newsletter ) and a daily update .
Now you , my readers , get to choose your favorite option , and it just does n’t get any better than that .
Deliverability rate .
Some people prefer MailChimp because if you are migrating a list , your subscribers do n’t need to reconfirm their email address ( obviously you lose less subscribers this way ) .
However , that double opt in helps Aweber maintain high deliverability .
With MailChimp
I uploaded about 500 people to whom we send our missionary newsletter .
Over several years we have been building the list , and as I mentioned in my last post , many of those names were hand written on a piece of paper .
Well , as it turns out , I must have entered a wrong email address and the recipient reported my email .
MailChimp says you can have about 1 complaint per 1000 , so now I need to see if I will start getting a lot of undeliverable blocks the next time I send out this list .
With Aweber you completely avoid this risk .
Popularity .
Because Aweber has so many more users than MailChimp , it is so much easier to Google and find a solution .
Easy to set up Blog Broadcast .
I can use Aweber to send out my daily updates instead of FeedBurner .
In fact , all new subscribers are receiving Aweber emails instead of FeedBurner .
I can access much better stats – how many people opened the email , what links were clicked within the email , etc …
In addition , I love the fact that I can easily add a note at the top of my daily broadcast .
It ’s easy to customize and personalize .
Disadvantages of Aweber as Compared to MailChimp
So far I ’ve only found one – cost .
Instead of getting a free service with MailChimp , I now pay $ 20 per month .
However , as with many things , you get what you pay for .
Since I want to provide the best for my readers , it is worth every penny .
All Aweber and constant contact links in this post are affiliate links .
Anyone else using a mail service that they would suggest ?
Anyone else using and enjoying Aweber ?
More than 200 masked protesters smashed windows , vandalized cars and newspaper boxes and intimidated pedestrians in downtown Vancouver Saturday morning before being confronted and dispersed by police in riot gear .
The anti-Olympics protesters , many dressed in black balaclavas and masks , and carrying a ladder , smashed up to three windows at the Hudson 's Bay store and one at the Toronto - Dominion Bank near the intersection of Granville and West Georgia streets .
The group also sprayed the windows with red paint , were involved in several confrontations with supporters of the Olympic Games , and threw marbles and spat at police before marching down West Georgia Street toward the Bayshore Hotel in Coal Harbour where the International Olympic Committee members are staying .
Anti-Olympics protesters smashed windows as they marched through downtown Vancouver on Saturday morning .
( ( CBC ) )
Retreating protesters use a ladder to form a barricade as police follow them through downtown Vancouver streets .
( ( CBC ) )
But as the marchers neared the hotel they were turned back by the Vancouver Police Department crowd control unit and the 2010 Integrated Security Unit at the Cardero Street intersection .
The police then managed to disperse the protesters into several smaller groups , and at one point a core group of the most violent protesters was encircled by police at the intersection of Robson and Jervis streets in the downtown area .
Police said seven suspects were arrested , including one with a bicycle chain wrapped around his fist , and charges of mischief were pending .
They also said they seized a bag containing a hammer .
By noon , the rest of the protesters had been largely dispersed by police , although some of the protesters said they planned to regroup later in the day .
Vancouver Police Chief Jim
Chu later blamed a group of about 100 anarchists at the protest for causing many of the problems .
" The demonstration involving a number of anarchists , some of whom dress all in black and employ a tactic called Black Bloc .
This included a loosely organized group of thugs from Central Canada known to attach themselves to any cause , travel to any event that attracts media coverage and promote anarchy wherever they go , " said a statement issued by police .
A protester kicks at police as they arrest one of the protesters Saturday morning in Vancouver . ( ( CBC ) )
" What we saw today is the criminal element has taken over the group , " said Chu .
Police will respect the rights of those who wish to express their criticism through protests , but that does not give them right to commit crimes and jeopardize the public ’s safety , he said .
Meanwhile , TransLink , the Metro Vancouver transit authority , said it was forced to reroute buses away from the Lions Gate Bridge after it was closed to traffic in both directions because of a serious accident , but the bridge was reopened at 11:30 a.m. PT .
Bin Laden on climate change
We have failed to find Osama bin Laden after eight years , and now he is opining on our climate - change policies and calling for an economic boycott .
I ’m waiting for the right wing to go ballistic .
For one , bin Laden is claiming that global warming exists .
We ’ve been trying to beat down this kind of nonsense here at home with some solid progress .
Four in ten Americans now say they place “ little or no trust in what scientists say about the environment , ” and now bin Laden is trying to give renewed credibility to scientific research .
Let ’s just hope this kind of misinformation does n’t take root in the Arab street .
For another , every time I have seen bin Laden on television , he looks cold .
If the world was really getting warmer , would he wrap himself in a scarf all the time ?
If al - Jazeera wo n’t call him out , I certainly hope Fox News will .
The Post quoted one expert saying that bin Laden ’s use of global warming as a wedge issue fits a pattern because he " looks to see the issues that are the most cogent and more likely to get popular support . "
We ca n’t find the guy , and yet he ’s focus - grouping environmental issues ?
I can just see bin Laden in a cave right now listening to political consultants and examining giant pie charts on an easel .
But I suppose there is some good news for climate change deniers in all this : there is now yet another way to associate bin Laden and Democratic politicians , with the elections right around the corner .
I ’m sure those ads will be fun .
Landis was banned for two years after failing a drug test
A judge has issued an arrest warrant for cyclist Floyd Landis for allegedly hacking into a French anti-doping agency laboratory computer .
Landis was stripped of the 2006 Tour de France title after testing positive for excess levels of testosterone .
The warrant was originally said to apply internationally , but a French court official has since clarified that it applies only to French territory .
The alleged computer hacking is said to have taken place in September 2006 .
The Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) rejected Landis 's appeal that the positive test was caused by procedural mistakes by the French laboratory .
The 34 - year - old American was banned from racing for two years , returning to action in January 2009 .
Colorado health officials on Tuesday temporarily struck the definition of “ caregiver ” from rules governing sales of medical marijuana , which providers say may make it harder for patients to buy pot legally .
Last summer , the state Board of Health defined a list of duties , such as grocery shopping or meal preparation , that an individual could perform that would qualify him or her as a patient ’s caregiver and thus legally eligible to sell medical marijuana .
The language also made it possible to qualify if the only service the person provided was selling pot .
But because a Colorado Court of Appeals opinion released last week found that a “ caregiver ” must do more than provide medical marijuana , the board temporarily removed the definition .
“ I do n’t believe this leaves the board any leeway , ” Jim Martin , executive director of the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment , said of the ruling made Thursday in the case of Stacy Clendenin .
In 2006 , Clendenin was charged with cultivation of marijuana in her Longmont home , which is a felony .
Clendenin argued that the marijuana she grew was distributed to authorized medical - marijuana patients through dispensaries .
The court ruled that a caregiver must do more for a patient with one of eight qualifying debilitating medical conditions than provide pot .
Board buys itself time
By changing the rule to eliminate the definition of caregiver , the state Board of Health has eliminated conflicting standards for people trying to comply with state law .
The panel also has given itself time to consider whether to repeal the language permanently .
The board will resume discussion of the definition during a public meeting Dec. 16 .
State Sen. Chris Romer , D - Denver , plans to introduce a bill next year clarifying regulations for the use of medical - marijuana .
Martin said he expects lawmakers to formulate rules with input from all sides in the debate .
A kink for businesses
But the board ’s temporary action could require small dispensaries and growers to offer more care than they are capable of , said attorney Warren Edson , who represents dispensaries and growers .
The board has changed the rules for an industry that has grown up since the now invalid language was approved , Edson said .
“ They told us in July , you do n’t have to do anything but ( provide ) pot .
We have a whole industry that has grown up that is screwed . ”
It was not the intention of the board to throw a kink in business plans of those selling medical marijuana , said health department spokesman Mark Salley .
“ I think it is the Court of Appeals decision that might have changed the game .
All this board did was make sure it was not in conflict with the court . ”
Some large dispensaries , such as Peace in Medicine near the federal courthouse in Denver , provide wellness services as well as marijuana .
But it may be impossible for smaller dispensaries or growers to offer anything but the drug , Edson said .
Criminal vulnerability
The rule change might expose the smaller operators to criminal prosecution , said Peace in Medicine ’s owner , Josh Stanley .
“ People could potentially be arrested , and then we would have a large group of patients without caregivers , ” he said .
“ You take away these legal licensed caregivers , you are going to see the ( drug ) cartels and the black market rear their head . ”
Roger Ronas , 51 , a legally blind diabetic who suffered renal failure and uses marijuana to control nausea and pain , said the board ’s decision “ drives a wedge between me and my caregiver .
“ This will force me out on the black market , ” he said .
“ It is quite scary because I do n’t know where to go . ”
Tom McGhee : 303-954-1671 or tmcghee@denverpost.com
Taking notice
More than 100 people packed a conference room and adjacent hallway for the state Board of Health ’s emergency hearing to repeal the definition of “ caregiver ” on Tuesday , but lawyer Robert J. Corry Jr. said the panel had not provided proper public notice .
Most board members participated in the meeting by phone , and lines were open to the public , as well .
But there were n’t enough lines available for all those who wanted to participate , Corry said .
Many people who waited to get into the meeting were unable to attend .
“ This is a secret meeting .
People ca n’t get into the room , ” he told the board .
Health department spokesman Mark Salley said the board complied with state open - meetings laws , posting notice of the meeting to the websites maintained by the Colorado Department of Health and Environment and the state marijuana registry at 4:30 p.m. Monday .
The health department also contacted Corry and others who represent caregivers .
Board president Glenn H. Schlabs , who participated in the emergency hearing by phone , refused to allow Corry , the lawyer in the Colorado Court of Appeals case that resulted in the rescinded language , to speak about the court decision , saying that the public would have a chance to speak at the December meeting .
“ I will see you in court , ” Corry said , promising to file a lawsuit as early as today .
Tom McGhee , The Denver Post
With the dawn of the Obama era , there has been much discussion of counterinsurgency , or COIN .
Far less discussed , or reported on , has been the counterterror war in Afghanistan which is evidently ramping up .
The truth of counterinsurgency ( though you ’ll seldom see it said ) is that , as a strategy , it has no chance unless its underpinning is a robust program of counterterror .
You do n’t know what counterterror is ?
Not so surprising .
The truth is , if you ’re not a complete news jockey , you probably do n’t know much about targeted assassinations , night raids , secret detention centers , disappearances , and other acts of counterterror ( which is really terror in uniform or at least under state orders ) .
Of course , the Afghans know well enough .
For them , it ’s not a secret war , particularly in the southern parts of the country , where the Taliban is strongest ; it ’s but one particularly frightening aspect of everyday life .
It ’s just we Americans who are ignorant .
Our secret war is essentially kept secret from us .
Our Special Forces operatives , along with the CIA ( and possibly private contractors ) , have long been involved in the " night raids " that Anand Gopal describes below .
And regularly enough , if you ’re reading closely , you ’ll see news bubbling to the surface about their results — like those eight students in grades 6 - 10 , who were taken from their beds by " Americans " in a night raid in Kunar Province , handcuffed , and then evidently executed .
( A statement from Afghan President Hamid Karzai says that they were " martyred " and the UN has confirmed that they were students . )
Or consider the recent night raid in Ghazni Province that killed at least four Afghan villagers , including an 11 - year - old .
Both incidents led to angry protests ; both resulted in denials by the U.S. military that the dead were anything but " insurgents " or " bomb - makers . "
In this country , the night raids and the secret U.S. military detention centers that go with them have received next to no coverage — until now .
I ’m proud to say that Anand Gopal , who has been reporting for the Wall Street Journal from Kabul , produces here the single most extensive report so far on American night raids in Afghanistan and the military holding areas that are the " black sites " of this moment .
( His investigation , a shared project of TomDispatch.com and theNation magazine , appears in print in the latest issue of the Nation .
To catch him in an audio interview with TomDispatch ’s Timothy MacBain discussing how he got this story , click here . )
Even if inherited from the Bush administration , the Afghan night raids , the accompanying killings , disappearances , incarcerations , and abuses , as well as the secret military detention centers are now , after a full year in office , Obama’s .
Tom
Obama ’s Secret Prisons
Night Raids , Hidden Detention Centers , the " Black Jail , " and the Dogs of War in Afghanistan
By Anand Gopal
[ The research for this story was supported by the Fund for Investigative Journalism . ]
One quiet , wintry night last year in the eastern Afghan town of Khost , a young government employee named Ismatullah simply vanished .
He had last been seen in the town ’s bazaar with a group of friends .
Family members scoured Khost ’s dust - doused streets for days .
Village elders contacted Taliban commanders in the area who were wont to kidnap government workers , but they had never heard of the young man .
Even the governor got involved , ordering his police to round up nettlesome criminal gangs that sometimes preyed on young bazaar - goers for ransom .
But the hunt turned up nothing .
Spring and summer came and went with no sign of Ismatullah .
Then one day , long after the police and village elders had abandoned their search , a courier delivered a neat , handwritten note on Red Cross stationary to the family .
In it , Ismatullah informed them that he was in Bagram , an American prison more than 200 miles away .
U.S. forces had picked him up while he was on his way home from the bazaar , the terse letter stated , and he did n’t know when he would be freed .
Sometime in the last few years , Pashtun villagers in Afghanistan ’s rugged heartland began to lose faith in the American project .
Many of them can point to the precise moment of this transformation , and it usually took place in the dead of the night , when most of the country was fast asleep .
In the secretive U.S. detentions process , suspects are usually nabbed in the darkness and then sent to one of a number of detention areas on military bases , often on the slightest suspicion and without the knowledge of their families .
This process has become even more feared and hated in Afghanistan than coalition airstrikes .
The night raids and detentions , little known or understood outside of these Pashtun villages , are slowly turning Afghans against the very forces they greeted as liberators just a few years ago .
One Dark Night in November
It was the 19th of November 2009 , at 3:15 am .
A loud blast awoke the villagers of a leafy neighborhood outside Ghazni city , a town of ancient provenance in the country ’s south .
A team of U.S. soldiers burst through the front gate of the home of Majidullah Qarar , the spokesman for the Minister of Agriculture .
Qarar was in Kabul at the time , but his relatives were home , four of whom were sleeping in the family ’s one - room guesthouse .
One of them , Hamidullah , who sold carrots at the local bazaar , ran towards the door of the guesthouse .
He was immediately shot , but managed to crawl back inside , leaving a trail of blood behind him .
Then Azim , a baker , darted towards his injured cousin .
He , too , was shot and crumpled to the floor .
The fallen men cried out to the two relatives remaining in the room , but they — both children — refused to move , glued to their beds in silent horror .
The foreign soldiers , most of them tattooed and bearded , then went on to the main compound .
They threw clothes on the floor , smashed dinner plates , and forced open closets .
Finally , they found the man they were looking for : Habib - ur - Rahman , a computer programmer and government employee .
Rahman was responsible for converting Microsoft Windows from English to the local Pashto language so that government offices could use the software .
He had spent time in Kuwait , and the Afghan translator accompanying the soldiers said they were acting on a tip that Rahman was a member of al - Qaeda .
They took the barefoot Rahman and a cousin of his to a helicopter some distance away and transported them to a small American base in a neighboring province for interrogation .
After two days , U.S. forces released Rahman ’s cousin .
But Rahman has not been seen or heard from since .
" We ’ve called his phone , but it does n’t answer , " says his cousin Qarar , the spokesman for the agriculture minister .
Using his powerful connections , Qarar enlisted local police , parliamentarians , the governor , and even the agriculture minister himself in the search for his cousin , but they turned up nothing .
Government officials who independently investigated the scene in the aftermath of the raid and corroborated the claims of the family also pressed for an answer as to why two of Qarar ’s family members were killed .
American forces issued a statement saying that the dead were " enemy militants [ that ] demonstrated hostile intent . "
Weeks after the raid , the family remains bitter .
" Everyone in the area knew we were a family that worked for the government , " Qarar says .
" Rahman could n’t even leave the city because if the Taliban caught him in the countryside they would have killed him . "
Beyond the question of Rahman ’s guilt or innocence , however , it ’s how he was taken that has left such a residue of hate and anger among his family .
" Did they have to kill my cousins ?
Did they have to destroy our house ? "
Qarar asks .
" They knew where Rahman worked .
Could n’t they have at least tried to come with a warrant in the daytime ?
We would have forced Rahman to comply . "
" I used to go on TV and argue that people should support this government and the foreigners , " he adds .
" But I was wrong .
Why should anyone do so ?
I do n’t care if I get fired for saying it , but that ’s the truth . "
The Dogs of War
Night raids are only the first step in the American detention process in Afghanistan .
Suspects are usually sent to one among a series of prisons on U.S. military bases around the country .
There are officially nine such jails , called Field Detention Sites in military parlance .
They are small holding areas , often just a clutch of cells divided by plywood , and are mainly used for prisoner interrogation .
In the early years of the war , these were but way stations for those en route to Bagram prison , a facility with a notorious reputation for abusive behavior .
As a spotlight of international attention fell on Bagram in recent years , wardens there cleaned up their act and the mistreatment of prisoners began to shift to the little - noticed Field Detention Sites .
Of the 24 former detainees interviewed for this story , 17 claim to have been abused at or en route to these sites .
Doctors , government officials , and the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission , a body tasked with investigating abuse claims , corroborate 12 of these claims .
One of these former detainees is Noor Agha Sher Khan , who used to be a police officer in Gardez , a mud-caked town in the eastern part of the country .
According to Sher Khan , U.S. forces detained him in a night raid in 2003 and brought him to a Field Detention Site at a nearby U.S. base .
" They interrogated me the whole night , " he recalls , " but I had nothing to tell them . "
Sher Khan worked for a police commander whom U.S. forces had detained on suspicion of having ties to the insurgency .
He had occasionally acted as a driver for this commander , which made him suspicious in American eyes .
The interrogators blindfolded him , taped his mouth shut , and chained him to the ceiling , he alleges .
Occasionally they unleashed a dog , which repeatedly bit him .
At one point , they removed the blindfold and forced him to kneel on a long wooden bar .
" They tied my hands to a pulley [ above ] and pushed me back and forth as the bar rolled across my shins .
I screamed and screamed . "
They then pushed him to the ground and forced him to swallow 12 bottles worth of water .
" Two people held my mouth open and they poured water down my throat until my stomach was full and I became unconscious .
It was as if someone had inflated me . " he says .
After he was roused from his torpor , he vomited the water uncontrollably .
This continued for a number of days ; sometimes he was hung upside down from the ceiling , and other times blindfolded for extended periods .
Eventually , he was sent on to Bagram where the torture ceased .
Four months later , he was quietly released , with a letter of apology from U.S. authorities for wrongfully imprisoning him .
An investigation of Sher Khan ’s case by the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission and an independent doctor found that he had wounds consistent with the abusive treatment he alleges .
U.S. forces have declined to comment on the specifics of his case , but a spokesman said that some soldiers involved in detentions in this part of the country had been given unspecified " administrative punishments . "
He added that " all detainees are treated humanely , " except for isolated cases .
The Disappeared
Some of those taken to the Field Detention Sites never make it to Bagram , but instead are simply released after authorities deem them to be innocuous .
Even then , some allege abuse .
Such was the case with Hajji Ehsanullah , snatched one winter night in 2008 from his home in the southern province of Zabul .
He was taken to a detention site in Khost Province , some 200 miles away .
He returned home 13 days later , his skin scarred by dog bites and with memory difficulties that , according to his doctor , resulted from a blow to the head .
U.S. forces had dropped him off at a gas station in Khost after three days of interrogation .
It took him ten more days to find his way home .
Others taken to these sites never end up in Bagram for an entirely different reason .
In the hardscrabble villages of the Pashtun south , where rumors grow more abundantly than the most bountiful crop , locals whisper tales of people who were captured and executed .
Most have no evidence .
But occasionally , a body turns up .
Such was the case at a detention site on an American military base in Helmand province , where in 2003 a U.S. military coroner wrote in the autopsy report of a detainee who died in U.S. custody ( later made available through the Freedom of Information Act ) : " Death caused by the multiple blunt force injuries to the lower torso and legs complicated by rhabdomyolysis ( release of toxic byproducts into the system due to destruction of muscle ) .
Manner of death is homicide . "
In the dust - swept province of Khost one day this past December , U.S. forces launched a night raid on the village of Motai , killing six people and capturing nine , according to nearly a dozen local government authorities and witnesses .
Two days later , the bodies of two of those detained — plastic cuffs binding their hands — were found more than a mile from the largest U.S. base in the area .
A U.S. military spokesman denies any involvement in the deaths and declines to comment on the details of the raid .
Local Afghan officials and tribal elders , however , steadfastly maintain that the two were killed while in U.S. custody .
American authorities released four other villagers in subsequent days .
The fate of the three remaining captives is unknown .
The matter might be cleared up if the U.S. military were less secretive about its detention process .
But secrecy has been the order of the day .
The nine Field Detention Sites are enveloped in a blanket of official secrecy , but at least the Red Cross and other humanitarian organizations are aware of them .
There may , however , be others whose existences on the scores of military bases that dot the country have not been disclosed .
One example , according to former detainees , is the detention facility at Rish Khor , an Afghan army base that sits atop a mountain overlooking the capital , Kabul .
One night last year , U.S. forces raided Zaiwalat , a tiny village that fits snugly into the mountains of Wardak Province , a few dozen miles west of Kabul , and netted nine locals .
They brought the captives to Rish Khor and interrogated them for three days .
" They kept us in a container , " recalls Rehmatullah Muhammad , one of the nine .
" It was made of steel .
We were handcuffed for three days continuously .
We barely slept those days . "
The plain - clothed interrogators accused Rehmatullah and the others of giving food and shelter to the Taliban .
The suspects were then sent on to Bagram and released after four months .
( A number of former detainees said they were interrogated by plainclothed officials , but they did not know if these officials belonged to the military , the CIA , or private contractors . )
Afghan human rights campaigners worry that U.S. forces may be using secret detention sites like Rish Khor to carry out interrogations away from prying eyes .
The U.S. military , however , denies even having knowledge of the facility .
The Black Jail
Much less secret is the final stop for most captives : the Bagram Internment Facility .
These days ominously dubbed " Obama ’s Guantanamo , " Bagram nonetheless offers the best conditions for captives during the entire detention process .
Its modern life as a prison began in 2002 , when small numbers of detainees from throughout Asia were incarcerated there on the first leg of an odyssey that would eventually bring them to the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
In the years since , however , it has become the main destination for those caught within Afghanistan as part of the growing war there .
By 2009 , the inmate population had swelled to more than 700 .
Housed in a windowless old Soviet hangar , the prison consists of two rows of serried cage - like cells bathed continuously in white light .
Guards walk along a platform that runs across the mesh - tops of the pens , an easy position from which to supervise the prisoners below .
Regular , even infamous , abuse in the style of Iraq ’s Abu Ghraib prison marked Bagram ’s early years .
Abdullah Mujahed , for example , was apprehended in the village of Kar Marchi in the eastern province of Paktia in 2003 .
Mujahed was a Tajik militia commander who had led an armed uprising against the Taliban in their waning days , but U.S. forces accused him of having ties to the insurgency .
" In Bagram , we were handcuffed , blindfolded , and had our feet chained for days , " he recalls .
" They did n’t allow us to sleep at all for 13 days and nights . "
A guard would strike his legs every time he dozed off .
Daily , he could hear the screams of tortured inmates and the unmistakable sound of shackles dragging across the floor .
Then , one day , a team of soldiers dragged him to an aircraft , but refused to tell him where he was going .
Eventually he landed at another prison , where the air felt thick and wet .
As he walked through the row of cages , inmates began to shout , " This is Guantanamo !
You are in Guantanamo ! "
He would learn there that he was accused of leading the Pakistani Islamist group Lashkar - e - Taiba ( which in reality was led by another person who had the same name and who died in 2006 ) .
The U.S. eventually released him and returned him to Afghanistan .
Former Bagram detainees allege that they were regularly beaten , subjected to blaring music 24 hours a day , prevented from sleeping , stripped naked , and forced to assume what interrogators term " stress positions . "
The nadir came in late 2002 when interrogators beat two inmates to death .
The U.S. Special Forces also run a second , secret prison somewhere on Bagram Air Base that the Red Cross still does not have access to .
Used primarily for interrogations , it is so feared by prisoners that they have dubbed it the " Black Jail . "
One day two years ago , U.S. forces came to get Noor Muhammad , outside of the town of Kajaki in the southern province of Helmand .
Muhammad , a physician , was running a clinic that served all comers — including the Taliban .
The soldiers raided his clinic and his home , killing five people ( including two patients ) and detaining both his father and him .
The next day , villagers found the handcuffed corpse of Muhammad ’s father , apparently dead from a gunshot .
The soldiers took Muhammad to the Black Jail .
" It was a tiny , narrow corridor , with lots of cells on both sides and a big steel gate and bright lights .
We did n’t know when it was night and when it was day . "
He was held in a concrete , windowless room , in complete solitary confinement .
Soldiers regularly dragged him by his neck , and refused him food and water .
They accused him of providing medical care to the insurgents , to which he replied , " I am a doctor .
It ’s my duty to provide care to every human being who comes to my clinic , whether they are Taliban or from the government . "
Eventually , Muhammad was released , but he has since closed his clinic and left his home village .
" I am scared of the Americans and the Taliban , " he says .
" I ’m happy my father is dead , so he does n’t have to experience this hell . "
Afraid of the Dark
Unlike the Black Jail , U.S. officials have , in the last two years , moved to reform the main prison at Bagram .
Torture there has stopped , and American prison officials now boast that the typical inmate gains 15 pounds while in custody .
Sometime in the early months of this year , officials plan to open a dazzling new prison — that will eventually replace Bagram — with huge , airy cells , the latest medical equipment , and rooms for vocational training .
The Bagram prison itself will be handed over to the Afghans in the coming year , although the rest of the detention process will remain in U.S. hands .
But human rights advocates say that concerns about the detention process still remain .
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2008 that inmates at Guantanamo cannot be stripped of their right to habeas corpus , but stopped short of making the same argument for Bagram .
( U.S. officials say that Bagram is in the midst of a war zone and therefore U.S. domestic civil rights legislation does not apply . )
Unlike Guantanamo , inmates there do not have access to a lawyer .
Most say they have no idea why they have been detained .
Inmates do now appear before a review panel every six months , which is intended to reassess their detention , but their ability to ask questions about their situation is limited .
" I was only allowed to answer yes or no and not explain anything at my hearing , " says Rehmatullah Muhammad .
Nonetheless , the improvement in Bagram ’s conditions begs the question : Can the U.S. fight a cleaner war ?
This is what Afghan war commander General Stanley McChrystal promised this summer : fewer civilian casualties , fewer of the feared house raids , and a more transparent detention process .
The American troops that operate under NATO command have begun to enforce stricter rules of engagement : they may now officially hold detainees for only 96 hours before transferring them to the Afghan authorities or freeing them , and Afghan forces must take the lead in house searches .
American soldiers , when questioned , bristle at these restrictions — and have ways of circumventing them .
" Sometimes we detain people , then , when the 96 hours are up , we transfer them to the Afghans , " says one U.S. Marine , who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
" They rough them up a bit for us and then send them back to us for another 96 hours .
This keeps going until we get what we want . "
A simpler way of dancing around the rules is to call in the U.S. Special Operations Forces — the Navy SEALS , Green Berets , and others — which are not under NATO command and so are not bound by the stricter rules of engagement .
These elite troops are behind most of the night raids and detentions in the search for " high - value suspects . "
U.S. military officials say in interviews that the new restrictions have not affected the number of raids and detentions at all .
The actual change , however , is more subtle : the detention process has shifted almost entirely to areas and actors that can best avoid public scrutiny : Special Operations Forces and small field prisons .
The shift signals a deeper reality of war , American soldiers say : you ca n’t fight guerrillas without invasive raids and detentions , any more than you could fight them without bullets .
Through the eyes of a U.S. soldier , Afghanistan is a scary place .
The men are bearded and turbaned .
They pray incessantly .
In most of the country , women are barred from leaving the house .
Many Afghans own a Kalashnikov .
" You ca n’t trust anyone , " says Rodrigo Arias , a Marine based in the northeastern province of Kunar .
" I ’ve nearly been killed in ambushes but the villagers do n’t tell us anything .
But they usually know something . "
An officer who has worked in the Field Detention Sites says that it takes dozens of raids to turn up a useful suspect .
" Sometimes you ’ve got to bust down doors .
Sometimes you ’ve got to twist arms .
You have to cast a wide net , but when you get the right person it makes all the difference . "
For Arias , it ’s a matter of survival .
" I want to go home in one piece .
If that means rounding people up , then round them up . "
To question this , he says , is to question whether the war itself is worth fighting .
" That ’s not my job .
The people in Washington can figure that out . "
If night raids and detentions are an unavoidable part of modern counterinsurgency warfare , then so is the resentment they breed .
" We were all happy when the Americans first came .
We thought they would bring peace and stability , " says former detainee Rehmatullah .
" But now most people in my village want them to leave . "
A year after Rehmatullah was released , his nephew was taken .
Two months later , some other villagers were grabbed .
It has become a predictable pattern : Taliban forces ambush American convoys as they pass through the village , and then retreat into the thick fruit orchards that cover the area .
The Americans then return at night to pick up suspects .
In the last two years , 16 people have been taken and 10 killed in night raids in this single village of about 300 , according to villagers .
In the same period , they say , the insurgents killed one local and did not take anyone hostage .
The people of this village therefore have begun to fear the night raids more than the Taliban .
There are now nights when Rehmatullah ’s children hear the distant thrum of a helicopter and rush into his room .
He consoles them , but admits he needs solace himself .
" I know I should be too old for it , " he says , " but this war has made me afraid of the dark . "
Anand Gopal has reported in Afghanistan for the Christian Science Monitor and the Wall Street Journal .
His dispatches can be read at anandgopal.com .
He is currently working on a book about the Afghan war .
This piece appears in print in the latest issue of the Nation magazine .
To catch him in an audio interview with TomDispatch ’s Timothy MacBain discussing how he got this story , click here .
Copyright 2010 Anand Gopal
Each year PriceWaterhouseCoopers
( PwC ) conducts studies on patents and patent litigation , where the organization analyzes statistics relating to " hot " topics of patent law .
This year PwC looked at nonpracticing entities ( NPEs - companies that do not design , manufacture , or distribute products ) and their effect on litigation .
The study found that , adjusting for inflation using the Consumer Price Index , the annual median damage award has ranged from $ 2.2 million to $ 10.6 million , with a median award of $ 4.4 million over the last 14 years .
Overall , this statistic has been more - or - less consistent during this time .
However , damage awards for NPEs have risen considerably in recent years .
In fact , the median damages award for NPEs was more than triple the award for practicing entities over the last seven years ( $ 12 million for NPEs , and $ 3.4 million for practicing entities ) .
Contrasted with 1995 - 2001 , the median damages award for NPEs was about the same when compared with practicing entities ( roughly $ 5 million ) .
One obvious explanation could be that NPEs have become more sophisticated in selecting patents to litigate , and understanding the markets to sue against .
However , another explanation may have something to do with the use of jury trials - juries decided only 14 percent of the cases with damages awards during the 1980s and 24 percent during the 1990s .
In this decade , juries have decided 51 percent of the cases with damages awards .
NPEs like juries - trial success rates for patent holders are much higher when decided by juries as compared to bench trials .
In fact , jury success rates have consistently outperformed their bench counterparts every year since 1995 .
Since 1995 , 55 percent of trials involving NPEs have been jury trials , as compared to only 41 percent of trials involving practicing entities .
In addition to the rate of success at trial , recent awards by juries have been significantly greater , running several multiples of the amounts awarded by judges .
Success rates at trial for NPEs and practicing entities are quite good - 67.4 % of NPEs and 65.8 % of practicing entities .
However , summary judgment is much more brutal , especially for NPEs , which only have an 11.9 % success rate .
Overall , NPEs are successful 29 % of the time versus 41 % for practicing entities .
The median time - to - trial in US district courts has remained steady , at just over two years ( 2.11 ) from the complaint date to trial , even as the volume of cases has increased substantially .
However , significant variations have occurred in the median of time - to - trial across jurisdictions
Rank District
In years
1 Virginia Eastern District Court 0.88
2 Wisconsin Western District Court 1.01
3 California Southern District Court 1.24
4 Florida Middle District Court 1.71
5 Maryland District Court 1.75
6 Texas Eastern District Court 1.79
7 Kansas District Court 1.89
8 Delaware District Court 1.92
9 Texas Southern District 1.99
10 California Central District Court 1.99
11 Ohio Northern District Court 2.05
12 New York Southern Dist .
Court 2.18
13 Florida Southern District Court 2.27
14 Michigan Eastern District Court 2.32
15 Minnesota District Court 2.32
16 Texas Northern District Court 2.42
17 Pennsylvania Eastern Dist .
Court 2.43
18 Missouri Eastern District Court 2.52
19 New Jersey District Court 2.70
20 California Northern District Court 2.72
1 Virginia Eastern District Court
2 Texas Eastern District Court
3 Delaware District Court
4 Wisconsin Western District Court
5 California Central District Court
6 Florida Middle District Court
7 Texas Southern District
8 New Jersey District Court
9 Colorado District Court
10 Texas Northern District Court
10 Ohio Northern District Court ( tie )
12 California Northern District Court
12 New York Southern District Court ( tie )
14 Illinois Northern District Court
15 Minnesota District Court
15 Massachusetts District Court ( tie )
17 Florida Southern District Court
18 Michigan Eastern District Court
19 Pennsylvania Eastern District Court
20 Connecticut District Court
1 Florida Middle District Court -- 57.9 %
2 Texas Eastern District Court -- 51.6 %
3 Virginia Eastern District Court -- 48.6 %
4 California Central District Court -- 48.3 %
5 Delaware District Court -- 47.7 %
Overall ( all decisions identified ) 38.2 %
1 Connecticut District Court -- 10.5 %
2 Michigan Eastern District Court -- 20.0 %
3 Florida Southern District Court -- 27.3 %
4 Texas Southern District -- 28.1 %
5 Pennsylvania Eastern District Court -- 30.3 %
Overall ( all decisions identified ) 38.2 %
The most " patent friendly " jurisdictions ( considering time - to - trial + overall success rate + median damage award ) for 2009 were :
The Top 5 districts by overall success ranking ( 1995 - 2008 ) The Bottom 5 districts by overall success ranking ( 1995 - 2008 ) To download a copy of the PwC 2009 Patent Litigation Study , click here ( link Read the PwC press release on the study here ( link
LILYPAD , A FLOATING ECOPOLIS FOR CLIMATICAL REFUGEES 2100 , a large crowd of ecological refugees
Further to the anthropogenic activity , the climate warms up and the ocean level increases .
According to the principle of Archimedes and contrary to preconceived notions , the melting of the arctic ice - floe will not change the rising of the water exactly as an ice cube melting in a glass of water does not make its level rise .
However , there are two huge ice reservoirs that are not on the water and whose melting will transfer their volume towards the oceans , leading to their rising .
It deals with the ice caps of Antarctic and Greenland on the one hand , and the continental glaciers on the other hand .
Another reason of the ocean rising , that does not have anything to do with the ice melting is the water dilatation under the effect of the temperature .
According to the less alarming forecasts of the GIEC ( Intergovernmental group on the evolution of the climate ) , the ocean level should rise from 20 to 90 cm during the 21st Century with a status quo by 50 cm ( versus 10 cm in the 20th Century ) .
The international scientific scene assets that a temperature elevation of 1 °C will lead to a water rising of 1 meter .
This increase of 1 m would bring ground losses emerged of approximately 0.05 % in Uruguay , 1 % in Egypt , 6 % in the Netherlands , 17.5 % in Bangladesh and up to 80 % approximately in the atoll Majuro in Oceania ( Marshall and Kiribati islands and step by step the Maldives islands ) .
If the first meter is not very funny with more than 50 million of people affected in the developing countries , the situation is worse with the second one .
Countries like Vietnam , Egypt , Bangladesh , Guyana or Bahamas will see their most inhabited places swamped at each flood and their most fertile fields devastated by the invasion of salt water damaging the local ecosystems .
New York , Bombay , Calcutta , Hô Chi Minh City , Shanghai , Miami , Lagos , Abidjan , Djakarta , Alexandria … not les that 250 million of climatic refugees and 9 % of the GDP threatened if we not build protections related to such a threat .
It is the demonstration inflicted to reluctant spirits by a climatological study of the OECD ( Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ) and that challenges our imagination of eco-conception !
The water rising being not written in the agenda of the Grenelle agreements on environment in France , it is primordial in terms of environmental crisis and climatic exodus to pass from now on from a strategy of reaction in emergency to a strategy of a adaptation and long - lasting anticipation .
It is surprising , whereas some islands prepare their disappearing to see that the management of the rising of the ocean level does not seem to worry the governments beyond measure .
More surprising to see that the populations of the developed countries continue to rush on the littoral to build districts over there ; houses and buildings dedicated to a certain flood
Aerial views of the maldivian atolls
The main deck with three marinas , the submarine performing arts center and the gardens of phytopurification
Lilypad , a prototype of auto - sufficient amphibious city
Whereas the Netherlands and the United Arabic Emirates « fatten » their beach with billion of euros to build their short - living polders and their protective dams for a decade , the project « Lilypad » deals with a tenable solution to the water rising !
Actually , facing the worldwide ecological crisis , this floating Ecopolis has the double objective not only to widen sustainabely in offshore the territories of the most developed countries such as the Monaco principality but above all to grant the housing of future climatic refugees of he next submerged ultra-marine territories such as the Polynesian atolls .
New biotechnological prototype of ecologic resilience dedicated to the nomadism and the urban ecology in the sea , Lilypad travels on the water line of the oceans , from the equator to the poles following the marine streams warm ascending of the Gulf Stream or cold descending of the Labrador .
It is a true amphibian half aquatic and half terrestrial city , able to accommodate 50,000 inhabitants and inviting the biodiversity to develop its fauna and flora around a central lagoon of soft water collecting and purifying the rain waters .
This artificial lagoon is entirely immersed ballasting thus the city .
It enables to live in the heart of the subaquatic depths .
The multifunctional programming is based on three marinas and three mountains dedicated respectively to the work , the shops and the entertainments .
The whole set is covered by a stratum of planted housing in suspended gardens and crossed by a network of streets and alleyways with organic outline .
The goal is to create a harmonious coexistence of the couple Human / Nature and to explore new modes of living the sea by building with fluidity collective spaces in proximity , overwhelming spaces of social inclusion suitable to the meeting of all the inhabitants – denizen or foreign - born , recent or old , young or aged people .
The floating structure in « branches » of the Ecopolis is directly inspired of the highly ribbed leave of the great lilypad of Amazonia Victoria Regia increased 250 times .
Coming from the family of Nympheas , this aquatic plant with exceptional plasticity was discovered by the German botanist Thaddeaus Haenke and dedicated to the Queen Victoria of England in the 19th Century .
The double skin is made of polyester fibres covered by a layer of titanium dioxide ( TiO2 ) like an anatase which by reacting to the ultraviolet rays enable to absorb the atmospheric pollution by photocatalytic effect .
Entirely autosufficient , Lilypad takes up the four main challenges launched by the OECD in March 2008 : climate , biodiversity , water and health .
It reached a positive energetic balance with zero carbone emission by the integration of all the renewable energies ( solar , thermal and photovoltaic energies , wind energy , hydraulic , tidal power station , osmotic energies , phytopurification , biomass ) producing thus durably more energy that it consumes !
True biotope entirely recyclable , this floating Ecopolis tends thus towards the positive eco-accountancy of the building in the oceanic ecosystems by producing and softening itself the oxygen and the electricity , by recycling the CO2 and the waste , by purifying and softening biologically the used waters and by integrating ecological niches , aquaculture fields and biotic corridors on and under its body to meet its own food needs .
To reply to the mutation of the migratory flows coming from the hydroclimatic factors , Lilypad join thus on the mode of anticipation particular to the Jules Verne ’s literature , the alternative possibility of a multicultural floating Ecopolis whose metabolism would be in perfect symbiosis with the cycles of the nature .
It will be one of the major challenges of the 21st Century to create an international convention inventing new special means to accommodate the environmental migrants by recognizing their rights and obligations .
Political and social challenge , the urban sustainable development must more than ever enter in resonance worldly with the human sustainable development !
The three mountains are ecological niches , aquaculture fields and biologic corridors
The floating structure in " branches " of the Ecopolis inspired of the highly ribbed leave of the giant lilypad of Amazonia Victoria Regia Entirely autosufficient , Lilypad takes up the four main challenges launched by the OECD in March 2008 : climate .
biodiversity , water and health Aerial view of the Principality of Monaco Night view of the Lilypads from Monte - Carlo
Vincent Callebaut Architectures
119 , rue Manin ( bâtiment D )
75019 Paris
France
I just love Alan Grayson - and I especially love the names for his proposed bills , and I can't wait to hear why the Republicans wo n't support them :
Anticipating a Supreme Court decision that could free corporations to spend unlimited amounts of money on political campaigns , Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla . ) introduced five bills on Wednesday to choke off the expected flood of corporate cash .
" We are facing a potential threat to our democracy , " Grayson said in an interview with HuffPost .
" Unlimited corporate spending on campaigns means the government is up for sale and that the law itself will be bought and sold .
It would be political bribery on the largest scale imaginable . "
At issue in the Supreme Court case is whether the government can limit corporate spending during presidential and congressional campaigns .
The case is pitting Citizens United , a conservative group , against the Federal Election Commission .
The FEC banned ads for Citizens United 's film bashing Hillary Clinton during the 2008 election season .
Grayson introduced a handful of bills on Wednesday -- the Business Should Mind Its Own Business Act , the Corporate Propaganda Sunshine Act , the End Political Kickbacks Act , and two other measures .
Carl Icahn has scooped up the distressed Fontainebleau Las Vegas for just $ 157 million , after making the only qualified bid at the auction .
That 's over 90 % below what it cost to build the casino so far , but of course it could end up as a huge liability for Mr. Icahn as well .
The Fontainebleau also needs another $ 1.5 billion of potential work before it can be completed .
Still , this could be an early sign of renewed interest in Vegas ( especially combined with other news , such as a rebound in gaming revenue ) .
According to the Miami Herald , Icahn was the only qualified investor with the stones to show up for the auction .
IDF stepping up war on insubordination :
Ynet has learned that a soldier involved in carrying a sign urging disobedience at the Western Wall induction ceremony was dismissed from the military after refusing to express remorse over his actions .
The decision was made by a senior personnel officer following a recommendation from a command committee .
The political protest of recruits in the Kfir Brigade 's Shimshon Battalion in October caused a storm , which also led to Defense Minister Ehud Barak 's unprecedented decision to sever ties with the Har Bracha Hesder Yeshiva .
The Military decided to take a firm stance , with Monday 's move being the most severe against a single soldier .
During the October induction ceremony , a group of cadets raised a sign that read " Shimshon wo n't evacuate Homesh " .
Those behind the deed took pride in their decision and showed no remorse .
Kfir Brigade Commander Colonel Oren Abman removed two of the soldiers from the hesder unit and they were even tried to some 20 days detention
Soldier refused to commit wo n't repeat act ( Photo : Miri Tzach )
These steps did not deter other soldiers from the brigade from taking similar action .
Last week Colonel Gadi Agmon , commander of the Meitav Induction Base , decided for the first time to remove two Nachshon Battalion soldiers involved in waving a similar sign just one month later from the hesder unit .
In accordance with the recommendations of Central Command chief Avi Mizrahi , Agmon also decided to remove one of the soldiers involved in the sign - waving incident at the Western Wall from the hesder unit .
The soldier will now be forced to serve a regular 36 - month military term .
His comrade , on the other hand , refused to show any sign of regret or understanding of the severity of his actions , and refused to commit that he would not repeat them .
In this case Agmon ruled that there was no room to keep the soldier in the army , and he is to be discharged , unprecedentedly under such circumstances , for " bad conduct " .
This clause is general reserved for soldiers with serious disciplinary problems such as deflection and violent offences .
A discharge certificate with this clause is meant to " brand " the soldiers as they enter civilian life , and prevent them from receiving the benefits received by soldiers who complete full service .
Military sources told
Ynet that soldiers must be able to distinguish what is permitted from what is forbidden , and when they err , they must take responsibility for their actions .
" When a soldier chooses the path of demonstrating insubordination and does not see the severity of his actions – there is no place for him in the army , " an IDF source said .
Last year was one in which I did a lot of research on performance , resulting in the Speed Up Your JavaScript blog post series ( part 1 , part 2 , part 3 , part 4 ) as well as several talks , namely JavaScript Variable Performance at the San Francisco JavaScript Meetup , Speed Up Your JavaScript at Google ( video ) , and Writing Efficient JavaScript at Velocity .
I was then asked my Steve Souders to contribute a chapter on JavaScript performance to his book , Even Faster Web Sites .
While writing that chapter , I felt like I had far too little space to explore so wide of a topic .
Not long after that , I was approached by Havi Hoffman of the Yahoo !
Developer Network to see if I would be interested in writing a book on JavaScript performance to be published by Yahoo !
Press .
You may be familiar with the first Yahoo !
Press book , JavaScript : The Good Parts by Douglas Crockford , but there ’s also Hadoop : The Definitive Guide ( Tom White ) and Designing Social Interfaces ( Christian Crumlish & Erin Malone ) .
Each features invaluable knowledge from some of Yahoo ! ’s best and brightest .
I have to admit that it was a dream of mine to write for Yahoo !
since I first joined the company , and this was the perfect opportunity .
In March , High Performance JavaScript will officially hit the shelves ( it ’s available for pre-order now on Amazon ) .
My vision for this book was to expand upon the chapter I wrote in Even Faster Web Sites and wanted very much to keep the overall statistics - driven approach that Steve had employed .
But in order to make this book the absolute best that it could be , I also borrowed Steve ’s idea and sought out some of the smartest engineers I know to contribute to the book .
So this book features chapters written by the following :
Of course , there ’s also five chapters written by me , making this a ten - chapter intensive look at JavaScript performance in the browser .
I tried to make sure we covered all angles of the JavaScript lifecycle , from getting the code onto the page , executing the code , and deploying into production .
I ’m very , very excited about this book and the positive impact it can have on JavaScript developers .
Do n’t be fooled by faster JavaScript engines , JavaScript performance is going to continue to be important to understand for years to come .
I hope you enjoy the book !
December 17 , 2009 - Robin Walker
Victory on the Internet Day has been declared !
The war is over !
Who won ?
We do n't know !
Yet !
Luckily , I , Robin Walker , was up all night building a kill - calculating machine for just such an eventuality .
We turned it on , the building filled with smoke , and right now a fireman is yelling at me to leave the building with everyone else .
I 'll leave when they pry this tiny netbook out of my cold dead hands .
Or when an angry fireman fireman - carries me out of the office , which is what is happening right now .
Anyway , once all the firemen calm down , we 'll announce the War results with today 's huge update .
To pass the time , go get yourself a fresh mouse and start reloading this page as fast as you possibly can .
Please note : Beginning now , we 're going to start transitioning the new inventory system into the game .
Until the update goes live later today , you will not have access to your inventory .
Canada and the European Union resume negotiations on a Canada - EU Trade Agreement ( CETA ) this week .
The second round of talks comes as the EU 's proposed chapter for the intellectual property provisions leaked last month , revealing demands for dramatic changes to Canadian intellectual property law .
This would include copyright term extension ( to life of the author plus 70 years ) , anti-circumvention rules , resale rights , and ISP liability provisions .
Now a second document has leaked , though it is not currently available online .
The Wire Report reports that an EU document dated November 16 , 2009 , features candid comments about Canada and the EU strategy .
The document , called a " Barrier Hymn Sheet " leaves little doubt about the EU 's objective :
Put pressure on Canada so that they take IPR issues seriously and remedy the many shortcomings of their IPR protection and enforcement regime .
Having viewed the document , I can report that it goes downhill from there , promoting the key message that Canadian laws are inadequate , while liberally quoting a report from the Canadian IP Council and discredited counterfeiting data .
The document states that the trade negotiations are a " unique opportunity [ for Canada ] to upgrade its IPR regime despite local anti-IPR lobbying . "
It includes an assessment of recent copyright reform efforts , noting that two bills have died due to " political instability . "
The document adds that the copyright reform process was revived in 2009 with the national copyright consultation , but notes dismissively it may have been a " tactic to confuse . "
It ultimately concludes :
our objective is to convince Canada to eliminate or reduce these shortcomings , by conducting the necessary legislative or other changes .
However , optimism should be tempered since , despite pressure from the USA , high level commitments from Canada , and our commissioner 's letter of April 2009 , little concrete moves have been observed in recent years .
We hope that the negotiation of the bilateral CETA will provide a good opportunity to exert pressure on Canada regarding the upgrade of its IPR regime
This document , combined with the leaked draft , provides ample evidence of the intent of the EU to use CETA to pressure Canada to fundamentally reshape our copyright and IP laws .
Although the document discloses that IP was not discussed at the first round of negotiations in Ottawa last October , it is clear that it is a high priority future agenda item .
Indeed , the Wire Report reports that IP is on the agenda for this week 's negotiations .
Although the Wire Report quotes a government official as saying that CETA will not override the copyright consultations , when combined with the ACTA talks that resume next week , the prospect of a made - in - Canada approach may be quickly slipping away .
Watch " Haiti How You Can Help " a special two - hour edition of Larry King Live with Ben Stiller , Scarlett Johanson and many others , and learn how you can take immediate action to aid earthquake victims .
Tonight 8 p.m. ET .
Also on CNN International Tuesday CET 2 a.m. and 11 a.m. / HK 9 a.m. and 6 p.m .
Port - au - Prince , Haiti ( CNN ) --
Slashing red tape or ignoring ordinarily required paperwork , officials in the United States and the Netherlands have cleared the way for scores of Haitian orphans to leave their earthquake - ravaged homeland , according to officials from the two countries .
All of the children had adoptions pending with prospective parents in the two countries before Tuesday 's 7.0 - magnitude quake , and government officials said paperwork was expedited or put on hold to make transfers happen on an emergency basis .
300 children have pending adoption cases with American families .
Six children arrived in Florida Sunday night , met by their adoptive parents with hugs and tears of happiness .
The Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs has chartered a plane to pick up about 100 children Monday , spokesman Aad Meijer told CNN .
Dutch Justice Minister Ernst Hirsch Ballin over the weekend granted the children entry into the country , although their paperwork , including travel and adoption documents , was incomplete , Justice Ministry spokesman Patrick Mikkelsen told CNN .
About 44 of the orphans ' adoptions had yet to be approved by a Haitian judge , even though they were matched to Dutch parents , Mikkelsen said .
Dutch officials may seek the remaining approvals from Haiti once the children have already settled in the Netherlands , he added .
Haiti is home to about 380,000 orphans , according to the United Nations Children 's Fund , and that number is expected to grow in the wake of Tuesday 's earthquake .
And those who lived in orphanages before Tuesday may be homeless now , as reports of destroyed orphanages have come throughout the quake zone .
Full coverage of the earthquake in Haiti
Some children who lost parents in the quake or were separated from parents are being relocated to the Dominican Republic , a child advocacy group said .
About 50 orphaned and abandoned children will arrive in the border town of Jimani on Wednesday , Kids Alive International said .
The efforts , coordinated with the governments of both countries , will eventually take the children back to Haiti .
Some will be reunited with parents who lost communication with their children in the quake 's aftermath , the group said .
View or add to CNN 's database of missing persons in Haiti
CNN 's Melissa Gray and Richard Greene in London contributed to this report .
Notes from a production MongoDB deployment
By David Mytton ,
CEO & Founder of Server Density .
Published on the 28th February , 2010 .
Back in July last year I wrote about our migration from MySQL to MongoDB .
We have been running MongoDB in production for our server monitoring service , Server Density , since then – 8 months – and have learnt quite a few things about it .
These are the kind of things that you only experience once you reach a certain level of usage and it is surprising how few issues we ’ve had .
Where a problem or bug has cropped up , it has been quickly resolved / fixed by the MongoDB dev team ; so we ’re very happy .
A few stats
Taken from our MongoDB instances as of Fri 26th Feb :
Collections ( tables ) : 17,810
Indexes : 43,175
Documents ( rows ) : 664,158,090
We currently have a manual failover setup with a single master and slave .
The master has 72 GB RAM and the slave is in a different DC .
Given disk space limits , we are in the final stages of migrating to using automated replica pairs with manual sharding across 4 database servers ( x2 masters , x2 slaves in different DCs ) .
There were some delays deploying our new servers but we ’re expecting all data to finish synching this coming week so we can switch over .
This is a classic move from initial hardware ( vertical ) scaling to adding more servers ( horizontal ) as we grow .
Although manually sharded for now , we ’re planning to switch to the auto - sharding coming in MongoDB soon .
Namespace limits
We split our customers across ( currently ) 3 MongoDB databases because there is a namespace limit of 24,000 per database .
This is essentially the number of collections + number of indexes .
You can check the total number of namespaces in use for a particular DB by using the command db.system.namespaces.count( ) from the MongoDB console .
You can also increase this limit by using the –nssize paramter but there are tradeoffs and limits for this .
See the MongoDB docs for details .
Durability
There is no full single server durability in MongoDB .
This has been highlighted by the MongoDB developers themselves but essentially means you must run multiple servers in replication .
If you suffer a power loss and / or MongoDB exits uncleanly then you will need to repair your database .
If it ’s small this is a simple process from the console , but it involves MongoDB going through every single document and rebuilding it .
When you have databases at the size of ours , this would take hours .
You can use master / slave replication ( ideally with the slave server in a different data centre ) but if there ’s a failure on the master you need to failover manually .
Instead , you can use replica pairs which handle deciding which is the master between them , and in the event of a switchover will become eventually consistent when they both come back online .
Initial sync / replication of large databases
Our databases are very large and it takes about 48 - 72 hours to fully sync all our current data onto a new slave in a different DC ( via a site - to - site VPN for security ) .
During this time you ’re at risk because the slave is not up to date .
Further , you need to ensure that your op log is large enough to hold all actions since the sync begins .
MongoDB takes a snapshot from the time you start the sync and then when it ’s done , uses the op log to catch up with actions since .
We found we needed a 75 GB op log , which can be specified with the –oplogSize command line parameter .
However , these files are allocated before MongoDB starts accepting connections .
You therefore have to wait whilst the OS creates ~ 37 2GB files for the logs .
On our fast 15 k SAS disks this takes between 2 - 7 seconds per file – 5 mins – but on some of our older test boxes it took up to 30 seconds ( ~ 20 mins ) .
During this time your database will be unavailable .
This is particularly a problem if you ’re restarting an existing single server in replication mode , or are setting up a replica pair – the restart will take time as the files are allocated .
To avoid this problem , you can create the files yourself and MongoDB will then not have to do it .
Run the following from the console , as soon as you hit return after “ done ” it ’ll start making the files :
[ sourcecode language = ” bash ” ]
for i in { 0..40}
do
echo $i
head -c 2146435072 /dev/zero > local .$i
done [ / sourcecode ]
Stop MongoDB , make sure any existing local .* files are removed and then move these new ones into your data directory , and restart MongoDB .
This will work for –oplogSize=75000 .
Note that creating the files will hog the filesystem I/O and slow everything down , but it wo n’t take your database offline .
If you prefer , make the files on another system then transfer them over the network .
Initial sync “ slows ” things
When doing a fresh sync from a master to a slave , we have observed a “ slowdown ” in our application response times .
We ’ve not looked into this in detail because it ’s still within acceptable response time ranges but it seems to be caused by a slightly higher wait time when our application is connecting and querying MongoDB .
This causes http processes to hang around a little longer for each request and so CPU load increases .
My theory is that because the slave is reading all data from every collection in every database , the cache is being invalidated often and so reads ca n’t take advantage of it as well .
But I ’m not sure – it ’s not been reported to MongoDB as it ’s not really a problem .
It would , however , be a problem , if your server was unable to handle the load from the Apache processes .
It ’s quite an edge case though .
Running MongoDB as a daemon / forked process + logging
Back in the olden days we ran MongoDB in a screen session but you can now just specify the –fork parameter and MongoDB will start as a forked process .
If you do this , be sure to specify –logpath so you can check for any errors .
We also use the –quiet option otherwise too much gets logged and rapidly fills up the file .
There is no inbuilt log rotation .
OS tweaks
We came across a problem with too many open files which was caused by the default OS file descriptor limit .
This is set at 1024 which can be too low .
MongoDB now has documentation about this but you can set your limit higher on Red Hat systems by editing the /etc / security / limits .
conf file .
You also need to set UsePAM to yes in /etc / ssh / sshd_config to have it take effect when you log in as your user .
We also disabled atime on our database servers so that the filesystem is n’t caught up updating timestamps every time MongoDB reads from all its files .
Index creation blocks
We create all our indexes at the very beginning so the initial index process is pretty much instantaneous .
However , if you have an existing collection and create a new index on it then that process will block the database until the index is created .
This is resolved in the development version of MongoDB ( 1.3 ) which introduces background indexing as an option .
Efficiency of reclaiming diskspace
The nature of our server monitoring application means we collect a lot of data , but it is deleted after a set retention period .
We have found that there is a massive discrepancy between a master and a freshly copied slave .
Obviously the slave is copying the data and storing as optimally as possible ( no gaps between sectors where stuff has been deleted ) so the very first sync will use less disk space than the master .
However , we have seen a master using almost 900GB where a fresh slave uses only 350GB .
We have an open issue with MongoDB commercial support about this .
Support is excellent
Even before 10 gen ( the company behind MongoDB ) got their $ 1.5 m venture funding , their support was excellent .
And it still is .
We use their gold commercial support service and it has proved useful when we encountered many of the issues above .
Opening tickets is easy and we get extremely fast responses from developers .
I can also call and speak to them 24/7 in emergencies .
And if you do n’t want / need to pay then their open mailing list is still very good .
We need the ability to get support very quickly 24/7 but I ’ve always had very fast replies from the mailing list .
Conclusion – was it the right move ?
Yes .
MongoDB has been an excellent choice .
Administration of massive databases is easy , it scales extremely well and support is top notch .
The only thing I ’m missing and waiting for now is auto sharding .
We ’re doing manual sharding but having it handled by MongoDB is going to be very cool !
After Pat Robertson asserted that Haiti had been hit by yesterday 's devastating earthquake because of a pact with the devil -- which , according to Hatian lore , was made in 1791 by leaders of a slave revolt in exchange for victory over the French -- Christian Broadcasting Network responded to some of the controversy with a clarifying statement : that Robertson has shown compassion toward the people of Haiti , that he never said the earthquake was God 's wrath , and that " this history [ the legend of the Devil pact ] , combined with the horrible state of the country , has led countless scholars and religious figures over the centuries to believe the country is cursed . "
Here 's the statement from CBN spokesman Chris Roslan :
On today 's The 700 Club , during a segment about the devastation , suffering and humanitarian effort that is needed in Haiti , Dr. Robertson also spoke about Haiti 's history .
His comments were based on the widely - discussed 1791 slave rebellion led by Boukman Dutty at Bois Caiman , where the slaves allegedly made a famous pact with the devil in exchange for victory over the French .
This history , combined with the horrible state of the country , has led countless scholars and religious figures over the centuries to believe the country is cursed .
Dr. Robertson never stated that the earthquake was God 's wrath .
If you watch the entire video segment , Dr. Robertson 's compassion for the people of Haiti is clear .
He called for prayer for them .
His humanitarian arm has been working to help thousands of people in Haiti over the last year , and they are currently launching a major relief and recovery effort to help the victims of this disaster .
They have sent a shipment of millions of dollars worth of medications that is now in Haiti , and their disaster team leaders are expected to arrive tomorrow and begin operations to ease the suffering .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Updates and News
We want to improve MyEmoticons and therefore we need to know what you think about it , please take our survey here
Check the latest stickers we added , celebrate April Fool 's Day ad Easter by sending funny and cute messages to your family and friends !
Holidays Stickers Emojis is now available on AppStore !
Check the latest stickers we added , celebrate April Fool 's Day ad Easter by sending funny and cute messages to your family and friends !
Celebrate Love and share it with your friends ; send them lovely stickers and emojis !
It 's celebration time !
Share the news with your friends and send them iMessage stickers !
Freshly baked sticker for Thanksgiving are available on AppStore now !
Stay close , more updates are coming in a short time .
Our new collection of emoticons is available as a sticker pack on App Store !
Take a look and browse through our freshly designed stickers for Halloween .
Version 1.6 is now live .
Please update your old version .
We added compatibility for Google Chrome 25 and more emoticons galleries for Valentine 's Day .
Version 1.5 has been released .
We uploaded new emoticons and improved the user experience
President Obama 's 2011 budget cut NASA 's Constellation program , his predecessor 's plan to return humans to the Moon , en route to Mars .
With the US government apparently out of the race to return to the Moon , who will now be next ?
Advertisement
As Buzz Aldrin once so famously observed , " Second comes right after first . "
The Apollo program was a remarkable achievement - it was arguably the single greatest feat of engineering and human ingenuity in our history - but it proved a dead - end in terms of further human exploration of the solar system .
After nearly a half - century 's worth of technological advancement at an exponential rate , a return of humans to the Moon figures to be more than just an end in and of itself .
As such , the implications of which astronauts are the next to set foot on the Moon likely entails more than just which flag gets planted in the lunar soil .
Advertisement
There are a number of potential candidates for which country ( or , more accurately , which geopolitical entity , but " country " is catchier ) will be the next to put astronauts on the Moon .
Let 's take a look at the contenders , which include emerging global powers , veterans of the space race , and a dark horse or two .
China :
China has to be considered the odds - on favorite to reach the Moon next .
The country made headlines when it launched its first taikonaut , Yang Liwei , into space in 2003 .
The mission itself was fairly primitive , recalling NASA 's Mercury missions of the early 1960s .
Indeed , that comparison to the American space race may be very appropriate , as a 2009 article in the UK's The Guardian noted :
" The attitude to the space programme in China is a little bit like the attitude towards space exploration in the western world in the 1960s , " says Kevin Fong , an expert in space medicine at University College London .
" There 's a deep fervour among their university kids for space technology .
The main difference between China and America now is that China can just do something - they do n't need to ask permission or go through a democratic process and get the budget approved . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Although China 's proposed mission dates of 2025 and 2030 are not quite as ambitious as other countries , the sense among some experts is that China may have a much earlier date in mind .
From the same article :
" It 's all very dark out there and you 're not really sure how much they 're doing , " says Fong .
" They seem very serious about it and have mature thoughts about it , from the little you see in their presentations .
They still have much to learn from the existing space community and do n't want to be too overt about their ambitions at risk of looking like they 've over - promised . "
Advertisement
China successfully placed the probe Chang 'e - 1 in lunar orbit in 2007 .
Current plans also include a sample return mission in 2017 before the crewed attempt in the next decade .
Barring a major change , the smart money in this space race has to be on China .
[ The Guardian ]
India :
India 's first satellite was put into orbit by the Soviets in 1975 , and the country has been undertaking its own rocket launches since the early eighties .
However , it was the launch of Chandrayaan - 1 in October 2008 that marked the real giant leap for the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) .
The probe is the first Indian spacecraft to travel beyond Earth 's orbit , and its Moon Impact Probe successfully landed on the Moon on November 14 , 2008 .
Advertisement
After the success of this mission , ISRO has set 2020 as its date for the first crewed mission to the Moon .
It has a big budget to work with - about $ 800 million a year , with another $ 1.2 billion committed solely to human spaceflight over the next ten year - but the specific plans for a return to the Moon remain unclear .
Without a better sense of the logistics of the mission , it 's still difficult to gauge how realistic India 's goal of 2020 actually is .
[ The Hindu ]
Russia :
The current plan , as of August 2007 , is for Russia to put cosmonauts on the Moon by 2025 , with plans to establish a permanently crewed base on the lunar surface between 2027 and 2032 .
This is seen as a prelude for a mission to Mars in 2035 .
Advertisement
The big problem for Russia is just how the country will be able to fund such a tremendously expensive endeavor .
The economy did undergo massive growth in the previous decade under Vladimir Putin , but the global financial crisis has hit the country hard .
Its fiscal situation remains precarious , and it may be difficult to consistently fund such ambitious programs .
Russia 's space tourism program has brought in about $ 30 million per ticket , but only eight plutocrats have thus far made the trip .
That wo n't make much of a dent in the likely hundreds of billions of dollars needed for such a program .
One of the more interesting aspects of the Russian plan is the creation between 2016 and 2025 of a low orbital platform around the Earth .
From here , Russia hopes to assemble spacecraft , potentially including those that will take the cosmonauts to the Moon and eventually Mars .
They also hope to use the International Space Station as a laboratory until 2020 , five years past the US 's stated date of decommission .
Advertisement
[ Ria Novosti ]
Europe :
The European Space Agency 's Aurora Programme was an ambitious project established in 2001 with the lofty stated objectives of exploring the solar system and searching for life beyond Earth .
The current timeline for Aurora is a crewed mission to the Moon in 2024 .
Advertisement
Like with many cooperative projects undertaken by the European Union , budgetary considerations and clashing objectives of the member - states may prove to be huge complicating factors for Aurora .
Even the ESA 's official website still stresses that Europe has to decide how committed it is to space exploration , saying it can choose either to be a major player or junior partner in the global exploration of space .
Although Europe likely has the technology and money to make Aurora a reality , it remains a very open question whether the public sentiment is there to see such a project through to its conclusion .
[ ESA ]
Japan :
The Japanese space agency JAXA announced back in 2006 that it intends to establish a base on the Moon by 2030 .
To accomplish this feat , Japan hopes to land astronauts on the Moon by 2020 .
The base itself will begin construction around 2025 , if all goes according to plan .
Advertisement
Although JAXA and its predecessor organizations have a long history dating back to 1970 of space exploration , they have not yet developed a crewed spacecraft .
When the plan was first announced , spokesman Satoki Kurokawa addressed the public relations challenges of such an ambitious program :
" The feasibility of the plan is unclear at this point as we need to gain understanding by the government and the Japanese people on our plan , but technologically it would be possible in a few decades , " Kurokawa said .
Advertisement
At the risk of microanalyzing that statement , it seems a bit strange to talk about the technology being possible in " a few decades " when 2020 is now just ten years away .
Considering just how steep a gradient Japan would have to climb just to get astronauts in space , let alone on the Moon , this has to be considered a real long shot .
[ Moon Daily ]
Private enterprise :
The most serious challenger to China is likely not a country at all , but instead the free market .
Space Adventures , the company that has booked most of Russia 's space tourists , already offers a circumnavigation of the Moon aboard the Soyuz craft for $ 100 million .
( No billionaire has yet been quite eccentric enough to take them up on the offer . )
Many entrepreneurs already predict such trips to the Moon will be commonplace by 2020 , and Elon Musk , founder of Space Exploration Technologies , is willing to predict there will be commercial trips to Mars by the end of this decade .
Advertisement
Indeed , the Obama Administration 's decision to cancel the Constellation program came hand in hand with a plan to put six billion dollars over the next five years towards further development of commercial spaceflight .
Current commercial spaceflight developers estimate that this decision could create up to 5,000 jobs , allow for routine and relatively cheap orbital flights to begin by 2014 , and open up the serious possibility of commercial trips to the Moon in the near term .
[ Space ]
The field :
Other countries with some manner of plans for human spaceflight include Ecuador , Iran , Malaysia , North Korea , Turkey , and Romania .
Although all of these programs remain very much in their infancy , it 's worth remembering that NASA put astronauts on the Moon within just eleven years of its founding , using technology that by today 's standards was unimaginably primitive .
So it 's probably best not to rule any country out .
Speaking of which ...
Advertisement
USA :
Yes , Constellation has been scrapped .
Yes , the current administration seems to be pursuing a very different direction of space exploration that may end up being far more beneficial than just remaking the Apollo program .
Yes , there is absolutely no reason to think the US is headed back to the Moon anytime soon .
Even so , it 's hard to completely discount what is still the only country to actually put humans on the Moon .
Admittedly , this viewpoint is not backed up by any hard evidence or information , and my reasoning is pretty much the intellectual equivalent of chanting " USA ! USA ! "
All of that may be true .
But still , um ...
Advertisement
USA !
USA !
That 's just solid , solid reasoning right there .
After an investigation that lasted more than a year , the International Gymnastics Federation announced on Friday that a Chinese gymnast from the 2000 Olympics had been too young to compete .
The gymnast , Dong Fangxiao , a member of the Chinese women ’s team that won the bronze medal , was found to have falsified her age in order to meet the requirements at those Olympics .
The gymnastics federation said in a statement that Dong was actually 14 , two years younger than the minimum .
Her results at those Games and at several other major competitions have been revoked .
The federation  which goes by its French acronym , F.I.G.  submitted a request to the International Olympic Committee to strip the Chinese team of its Olympic bronze medal .
If that happens , the United States women ’s team , which finished fourth , will move into third place .
The gymnasts on that squad were Amy Chow , Jamie Dantzscher , Dominique Dawes , Kristen Maloney , Elise Ray and Tasha Schwikert .
“ There still is what I believe to be unanswered questions about this issue , but there is only so much you can prove when it comes to falsified documents , ” Steve Penny , the president of USA Gymnastics , said .
“ I feel that the F.I.G. is taking this matter very seriously and has done a very responsible job here .
They ’ve done absolutely everything in their power to get to the bottom of a very sensitive issue . ”
In David Baddiel 's new comedy , a devout Muslim Londoner ( Omid Djalili ) discovers that he 's adopted , and Jewish .
The Infidel is released around the UK on 9 April
Photo : Flickr / Tiago Ribeiro
A few months back , President Obama visited a Home Depot to promote energy efficiency and said that insulation was sexy .
Actually , he said and I quote , “ I get really excited about it … Insulation is sexy stuff . …
Here ’s what ’s sexy about it — saving money ! ”
I ’m all for insulation , but that struck me as being a bit artificial .
But then I started thinking about a female solar installer friend who insists that solar really is sexy .
While I do n’t pretend to know the mind of any woman let alone this ( married ) friend , I do know that scientists have often said that women tend to seek the best mate that will protect her and her children .
With that premise in mind , here are 5 reasons why I think solar may be unconsciously sexy to women wanting to settle down .
Reason # 1 : A guy who has solar means you have a home and a stable income .
As much as a women may be attracted to six - pack boy toys for a fling , if you ’ve got solar , she knows you not only have a house , but a premium house and that you ’re actually employed .
Always a good start .
Reason # 2 : A guy who has solar is a guy who ’s thinking about the future .
When you ’re making your moves on the dance floor and mention that you ’ve got solar , you ’re also telling her that you care about the environment and the future of your children and grandchildren .
Reason # 3 : Having solar means that you ’re a smart investor .
If you ’ve taken the time to get a solar quote , then you ’ve looked at the numbers to see whether solar has a return on your investment ( It does in many states . )
That may indicate to her that you ’re a person who ’s smart with money and can plan for retirement .
Reason # 4 : A guy who has solar means you can explain things and communicate .
Telling her you have solar always leads to questions .
How much does it cost ?
Does it need batteries ?
How long do they last ?
If you can coherently explain solar , then 1 ) you come off smart , and 2 ) she may be thinking that you ’ll be able to explain other complicated things in your marriage … like why were you late coming home and who you were texting at 3 am last night .
Reason # 5 : A guy who has solar means he can commit .
Just like marriage , solar is a long term commitment .
In fact , most solar systems last 25 years or longer .
Again , this indicates that you can commit to a long term relationship with solar panels , so perhaps you two will last 25 years or longer too .
Now , I ’m not saying “ Would you like to come over and see my solar panels ” is going to work at a bar , but solar does make a lot of financial sense if you live in a state with good subsidies .
So , maybe Obama is right that saving money is sexy enough .
The daughter of a woman who was bashed to death with a hammer has made a plea to the public to find the killer .
Christine Erceg , 41 , was found bound and bashed with a hammer in her Mount Nasura home , south - west of Perth , on Sunday afternoon and died later in hospital .
Police described the attack as brutal and sustained .
The woman's three children were not home at the time , nor was her flatmate , but a male acquaintance witnessed the bashing with a claw hammer .
Her 18 - year - old daughter Tanika has asked anyone with information about the attacker to contact police .
" My brother , sister and I lost our mother yesterday because of some heartless people who murdered her , " she said .
" We 've all been asking ourselves what sort of people would do this .
Did they know she had kids ?
What was going through their heads ?
" What did she do to deserve all of this ?
Because no one deserves to go that way . "
Were he able to don boxing gloves , bob and weave , his 111kg ( 17.5st ) mass would allow him to fight as a heavyweight .
And if he could dribble and shoot , his 2.2 metres ( 7ft 3in ) would make him the envy of the NBA .
But seeing as his paws – not to mention several sporting rules – disqualify him from either pursuit , " Giant George " the Great Dane will instead have to content himself with the title of world 's tallest dog .
George , who lives with his owner , David Nasser , in Tucson , Arizona , has clinched the Guinness world record after his stats – 109 cm from paw to shoulder ; 220 cm from head to tail – were confirmed by an official adjudicator following some controversy .
The lofty canine saw off competition from the previous record holder , a four - year - old Great Dane named Titan , thanks to his extra three - quarters of an inch .
The breed appears to have the title sewn up : before Titan took the 2009 crown , the glory belonged to Gibson of Grass Valley , California .
" This is a hotly contested record and after some controversy and conflicting media reports we decided to send our own official adjudicator to put the final stamp on this record holder , " said Craig Glenday , the editor - in - chief of Guinness World Records .
" We can indeed say now that George is the top dog . "
Those who do not keep a behemoth in a kennel or a leviathan in a fishtank need not be disheartened , however .
The company is now searching for other , less obvious record - breakers such as the smallest dog ( length ) , the dog with the longest ears , the oldest dog , the smallest cat and the oldest cat .
" This record has sparked great interest in finding other pet records , so we 're asking everyone to check their dog houses , scratch posts and under the bed , " said Glenday .
" They just might be living with a record - breaking pet ! "
How to Take a Slapshot
Slap shots are very easy to learn yet hard to master .
A lot of people feel that blasting a puck as hard as humanly possible qualifies as a great shot .
Slap shots are just as much about accuracy as they are about power .
In this article we have two videos , this first video breaks down the mechanics of the slapshot , and in the video at the bottom of this article we share some slapshot tips on the ice .
Slapshot Key points
When taking a slapshot their are some key points to remember :
Weight transfer – Just like other shots in hockey weight transfer plays a huge roll in the slap shot .
You must move all your weight from your back leg to your front leg in one fluent motion .
The idea is to shift your weight in the direction of the shot .
This puts more energy , and power into your slap shot .
Just like other shots in hockey weight transfer plays a huge roll in the slap shot .
You must move all your weight from your back leg to your front leg in one fluent motion .
The idea is to shift your weight in the direction of the shot .
This puts more energy , and power into your slap shot .
Accuracy over Power –
It is better to be accurate then to shoot the puck at 100 mph , you will never score a goal if you can not hit the net !
I once played with a defensemen who had a bullet of a shot , the problem was that his shot would be all over the map .
The perfect slap shot for a defensemen is 10 to 12 inches off the ice .
Taking low shots makes it easier for your defensemen to screen , or tip the shot in .
By keeping your shots low and accurate , your forwards will be more confident stand in front of the net , tip in your shots , or crank in the rebounds .
– It is better to be accurate then to shoot the puck at 100 mph , you will never score a goal if you can not hit the net !
I once played with a defensemen who had a bullet of a shot , the problem was that his shot would be all over the map .
The perfect slap shot for a defensemen is 10 to 12 inches off the ice .
Taking low shots makes it easier for your defensemen to screen , or tip the shot in .
By keeping your shots low and accurate , your forwards will be more confident stand in front of the net , tip in your shots , or crank in the rebounds .
Stay low and Load the Stick – Many players who are learning to take a slapshot try to hit the puck , this is not the proper way to take a slapshot .
When taking a slap shot you should be contacting the ice first .
You should hit the ice 3 to 5 inches behind the puck ( or more depending on the stick , the shot , and how strong you are ) this allows you to load or flex the stick first ( like in those fancy pictures you see of NHL players bending their sticks almost in half or the one in this article ) .
Loading the stick like this is where a lot of the power in your slapshot comes from .
When lining up the puck put it about two – three feet in front of you and about 2 inches behind your front skate ( see picture ) .
When taking the shot you want the blade of the stick to contact the ice a few feet out , and in the middle of your stance , this gives your stick time to flex , when the blade hits the puck it should flex even more .
Also remember to stay low and trust your stick , you need to throw most of your weight ( the more the better ) onto your stick .
This will allow you to increase the power on your shot without the huge windups .
– Many players who are learning to take a slapshot try to hit the puck , this is not the proper way to take a slapshot .
When taking a slap shot you should be contacting the ice first .
You should hit the ice 3 to 5 inches behind the puck ( or more depending on the stick , the shot , and how strong you are ) this allows you to load or flex the stick first ( like in those fancy pictures you see of NHL players bending their sticks almost in half or the one in this article ) .
Loading the stick like this is where a lot of the power in your slapshot comes from .
When lining up the puck put it about two – three feet in front of you and about 2 inches behind your front skate ( see picture ) .
When taking the shot you want the blade of the stick to contact the ice a few feet out , and in the middle of your stance , this gives your stick time to flex , when the blade hits the puck it should flex even more .
Also remember to stay low and trust your stick , you need to throw most of your weight ( the more the better ) onto your stick .
This will allow you to increase the power on your shot without the huge windups .
Location of Puck for Slapshot –
For a slapshot you want the puck to hit the blade of your stick close to the middle , between the heel and middle of the blade is where you get the most power .
With a slapshot the puck spends very little time on the blade of the stick .
You want to hit the ice , load the stick , hit the puck , and then launch it ( remeber follow through , and weight transfer )
– For a slapshot you want the puck to hit the blade of your stick close to the middle , between the heel and middle of the blade is where you get the most power .
With a slapshot the puck spends very little time on the blade of the stick .
You want to hit the ice , load the stick , hit the puck , and then launch it ( remeber follow through , and weight transfer )
Follow through – A very simple rule and tip for slapshot accuracy is follow through low and your shot will stay low and if you follow through and aim your stick high your shot will go high .
The process of taking a Slapshot
Your bottom hand should be about half way down the stick or more .
Line the puck a few feet in front of you and 2 - 3 inches behind your front foot .
Keep your legs at shoulder width and bend your knees .
See the postion of the puck and skates .
Skates are shoulder width apart , and the puck is 3 inches behind my front foot and a few feet in front .
Now line your shot up , do not shoot hard off the start , practice connecting the ice first and getting a feel for your stick flexing .
Start putting more and more weight onto your stick as you progress .
When you feel comfortable , start increasing both the speed and strength of your shot .
Another tip is to aim your skates where you want the puck to go , a great trick is once you have released the puck turn your front skate to the area you are aiming at .
This is a perfect example of a loaded stick and shows how much extra power you can add to your shot by utilizing your stick
Remember to watch your follow through and always see where the puck goes .
Everyone is different and dialing in your shot is always a personal preference .
See the follow through , I was aiming top corner and thats where my stick and eyes ended up , at the end of your follow through it should look like you are looking down a rifle .
How To Take a Slapshot Video
If you like this video you can subscribe to our channel on Youtube
Now you feel comfortable taking a slap shot and it is time to work on accuracy and muscle memory ( muscle memory is built through repetition ) .
The key to a great slap shot is accuracy and the best way to build it is through trial and error .
Set up as many pucks as you can find .
Get a bucket or some sort of a target and set it up about 20 feet away .
Now start taking shot after shot after shot , do n’t rush your shots , set up and prepare on each one .
Once you start hitting 5 or 6 pucks in a row at your target , stop .
Now go for a skate / do a lap or practice your wrist shot .
Now go back and start hitting them again .
Keep repeating this process .
This will condition your body that no matter what you were doing when you wind up for a slapshot it will be ready to give you the perfect shot everytime .
Slapshot Tips
Thanks to the guys at hfboards.com and the OMHA forum for some tips on improving your slapshot .
Many of these tips are from older rec players who are trying to improve their slapshots , coaches and even new players trying to learn how to take a slapshot .
Here are some quick slapshot pointers to remember
Rotate Your Hips and Trunk
This is a good way to add power to your shot , As you wind up the slapshot , your hips and shoulders should be in a line to the target .
As you come down , make contact , and follow through , your hips and shoulders should open up to the target ( see picture above ) , adding a rotational force to the shot .
Try different stick heights and weights Sometimes using a ligther stick , shorter or longer stick , or a stick with less , or more flex may make a difference in your shot .
Try some different sticks out and try to find one that works the best for you .
Lead With your Bottom Hand Here is a quote from the HFboards “ One of the things i noticed that helped was getting low to the ice , dropping your lower hand down the shaft maybe a foot or so ( note : Your hand should be halfway down the shaft or more ) , and really keeping that arm straight and pushing down and forward with it . ”
Try leading with your bottom hand , really leaning into your stick and pushing the puck forwards .
Look at the Net when Shooting Even if your shot is not that great you will score more , How many times do you see a hockey player just shoot blindly and hit the goalie in the crest and then wonder why that happened ?
Look , aim , and shoot
Slapshot Tips for Defense Video
How to Get More Power from Your Slapshot
Here are a few more articles ( and videos ) to help you progress on your slapshot
How to improve slapshot power and technique Last summer I did a slapshot challenge and was able to improve my slapshot power by 20 MPH !
In this article and video I share some tips that really helped
how to improve slapshot accuracy
What good is a powerful shot if you put it 5 feet wide every time , or ca n’t control where it is going .
I show you a bunch of tips for controlling your x and y axis
Slapshot Tips
This article and video goes over some of the common mistakes that people make when trying to learn the slapshot .
Watching the video and reading the tips should help you avoid cheating , and help you get the most power from your slapshot
Share this :
Tweet
Related
Cagliari President Massimo Cellino In London To Buy West Ham United - Report
The Rossoblu supremo is supposedly on the verge of acquiring the English club ...
It has been reported that Cagliari president Massimo Cellino has been spotted in London and is there to purchase Premier League side West Ham , according to tuttomercatoweb .
The Isolani patron has traveled to England , accompanied by a lawyer , in hopes of buying the Hammers , who have been struggling on and off the pitch .
Recently , West Ham coach Gianfranco Zola , a former Cagliari hero , revealed that he may be forced to sell some of the club 's star players due to their financial situation during the winter transfer market .
The report indicated that Cellino 's advances to buy the club are expected to be successful and more developments will occur in near future .
Goal.com contacted a West Ham spokesman , who said of the rumoured takeover : " We can not talk about any specific bid .
We have had one direct offer as far as I know but anything else is just speculation and paper talk . "
Adam Scime , Goal.com
Jennifer 8 . Lee / The New York Times
They are a familiar sight on street corners across the five boroughs :
Men and women standing behind folding card tables , urging passers - by to throw a little change into the empty plastic water jug marked “ U.H.O . ”
But an investigation by Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo appears to have confirmed what many New Yorkers secretly ( if somewhat guiltily ) suspected all along :
The United Homeless Organization , supposedly a nonprofit group set up to help feed and house the homeless , was actually an elaborate fraud .
According to a complaint filed by Mr. Cuomo [ pdf ] on Tuesday morning , U.H.O. does not operate a single shelter , soup kitchen or food pantry .
It does not provide food or clothing to the homeless .
It does not even donate money to other charities that do .
Most of those coins and bills , Mr. Cuomo contended , end up in the pockets of those working the donation tables , who pay a daily fee to the group ’s founder and president , Stephen Riley , and its director , Myra Walker , for the right to use the U.H.O. tables , jugs and aprons .
The rest of the money , Mr. Cuomo charged , is kept by Mr. Riley and Ms. Walker , and has been used for a variety of expenses not related to U.H.O. business , including expenditures at Weightwatchers.com , Toys “ R ” Us , P. C. Richard , Bed , Bath & Beyond , and premium cable and electricity bills at their homes .
Those papers that U.H.O. ’s workers display on their card tables ?
Nothing more than copies of the group ’s certification of incorporation , according to Mr. Cuomo , used to mislead the public into believing they are permits .
Incorporation does not give any special right to solicit on the streets , the lawsuit notes .
“ U.H.O. exploits the good intentions of people who thought that their charitable donations were helping to fund services for the homeless , ” Mr. Cuomo said in a statement .
“ Instead , their donations go directly to U.H.O. ’s principals and workers , who abused the organization ’s tax - exempt status to line their own pockets . ”
Mr. Cuomo charged that U.H.O. had failed to maintain any records of donations or expenditures , including at least half of the cash withdrawn from the group ’s bank account in 2007 and 2008 .
Mr. Riley and Ms. Walker also violated state law by operating U.H.O. without any board or independent oversight , and the organization has not held an election for directors since its incorporation in 1993 , according to Mr. Cuomo .
It has long been known that the money in U.H.O. is pocketed by the people at the tables .
The New York Times wrote about it in 2001 , when a program director said the best advocates for the homeless were the homeless themselves .
The New York Post likewise wrote about the pocketed money in 2008 .
However , the lawsuit is charging improper use of the collected funds , poor accounting , and false claims of how the money would be used .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Yes , billions of dollars in bailouts and bonuses , counterparty fiascos , claims to be “ doing God ’s work , ” and almost singlehandedly toppling the entire economy of Greece will do quite a number on your public image .
For a general public that hardly knew who Goldman Sachs was before the crisis , the name now evokes feelings of disgust and mistrust , of “ fat cat ” bankers stuffing the pockets in their designer suits with taxpayer dollars in the greatest heist this country ’s ever seen .
Quite simply , Goldman has a massive PR migraine that ’s only getting worse .
So , the New York Post reports , the firm ’s fearless , Bronx - born leader , Lloyd Blankfein , did what any rightminded corporate CEO would do :
He brought in some PR muscle
To spruce up Goldman ’s image Blankfein turned to Public Strategies , a slick Texas - based firm led by Dan Bartlett , a close confidante to George W. Bush and Karl Rove .
From the Post story :
Earlier this month , Goldman clients and Wall Street analysts starting filling out an exhaustive , online questionnaire seeking to pinpoint exactly what people thought of Blankfein ’s firm .
One question wanted survey participants to compare Goldman to other Wall Street banks — and names rivals JPMorgan Chase , UBS , Bank of America , Citigroup and Barclays .
Respondents were asked to fill in blanks from least favorable to most favorable . …
“ For the first 139 years it was n’t that relevant to us to explain ourselves , ” Blankfein told Fortune recently .
“ And now it became very relevant and the press did an important thing for us , they pointed out to us that that was a deficiency in our strategy , not to reveal ourselves …
I ’m just trying to take pains , which we should have done all along , to make sure that people understand what we do in the world . ”
Yes , please , Lloyd — do explain to the people what exactly the purpose of a synthetic collaterized debt obligation is apart from a massive casino chip .
Walgreen Co. warned Wednesday night it will withdraw about half of its pharmacies from the state of Washington 's Medicaid program Feb. 15 as the program continues to cut back on reimbursements .
The nation 's largest drug - store chain made the same vow last year , but a smaller cut in reimbursement rates made Walgreen stand down .
A similar standoff occurred last year in Delaware .
The ...
The Globe and Mail has reported that a group of lenders led by five banks has taken ownership of Canwest LP , which owns the Vancouver Sun , the Province , and nine community papers in Metro Vancouver .
Since the mid 1990s , the Vancouver Sun and the Province have also devoted massive numbers of column inches to studies and commentaries from the Fraser Institute , which is the most right - wing think tank in Canada .
We can thank the Aspers for that .
From 2005 until the start of the 2009 provincial election campaign , the Vancouver Sun very rarely included NDP MLAs ' pictures in the paper , which was an enormous gift to Premier Campbell 's B.C. Liberals .
Campbell 's public affairs bureau repaid the favour by carpet bombing the Canwest press with government advertising .
The Vancouver Sun endorsed the Stockwell Day - led Canadian Alliance in the 2000 federal election .
The paper 's editorials have also consistently supported Stephen Harper 's actions and vehemently opposed the Liberal - NDP coalition to bring him down in late 2008 .
In addition , the Canwest press has run very little critical commentary about the war in Afghanistan , which is opposed by a majority of Canadians .
And it has been a cheerleader of the government 's public - private parterships in health care , which will undermine Medicare .
Do n't kid yourself .
Neither the Vancouver Sun nor the Province will make an abrupt left turn under new corporate ownership .
But there is a chance that whoever controls the papers in the future will realize the folly of the Asper - Conrad Black approach , which has been to promote the right wingers to the exclusion of almost everyone else .
That just ended up marginalizing the corporate press and reduced its appeal , its influence , and its profitability .
A smart capitalist owner will realize this and bring about a more balanced approach , if for no other reason than to benefit the shareholders .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
This is the second in an ongoing series of reports looking at credit card use around the world .
In this edition , we look at Australian credit cards , but we ’ll spanning the globe in coming weeks and months to feature other nations .
Credit report
Credit card penetration
13 million credit cards , 28 million debit cards ( Reserve Bank of Australia , June 2008 )
Major debt problem
In May 2008 , credit card debt hit an Australian record of $ 44.2 million .
The average balance on an individual credit card account : $ 3,299 . ( Reserve Bank )
The big four
ANZ Banking Group , Westpac , Commonwealth Bank and National Australia Bank rule the Aussie card business , all topping $ 23 billion in purchase volume .
Commonwealth is the largest debit card issuer at nearly $ 10 billion in purchase volume .
( Aug 2008 , Nilson Report )
RIP , Bankcard
Bankcard , Australia ’s first credit card , was phased out in 2006 .
The card was only usable in Australia — and could n’t be used online — and thus could n’t compete with Visa and MasterCard .
Cards and crime
Cybercrime capital
Australia has the highest incidence of cyber crime in the world , according to a recent global survey .
More than 39 percent of Australians have been victims , and credit card fraud is one of the most common forms of theft .
The cost of ID theft
ID theft likely costs Australians at least $ 1 billion per year .
Research commissioned by a major credit reporting agency in 2008 found that 1.1 million Australians had personally experienced identity theft , and three million had friends or acquaintances who had experienced it .
About 21 million people live in Australia currently .
Still not a huge concern
A study from a major Aussie credit reporting agency says 70 percent of all Australians had not taken any steps to protect their identity .
The number climbs to 90 percent when discussing 16 to 24 year olds .
Local voices
Official tourism site
– Australia.com
Top financial news sites
– news.com.au Business
– BRW.com
– Sydney Morning Herald Business
Australian financial blogs
– Aneace ’s Blog
– Tightwad Kitty
Country info
Prime Minister : Kevin Rudd
Location : Between S. Pacific & Indian oceans in Southern Hemisphere ( map )
Population : 21,007,310 ( July 2008 , CIA.gov )
Area : 7.7 million sq km ( 3 million sq mi )
GDP : $ 760.8 billion ( 2007 , CIA.gov )
Key exports : coal , iron ore , gold , meat
Famous Australians : Media mogul Rupert Murdoch , actors Mel Gibson and Nicole Kidman , and scientist Lord Howard Florey
LONG BEACH , California – Google appears to be content to remain in China doing business as usual while it finds a way to work within the system , according to one of the search giant 's founders .
This despite a strong statement 30 days ago that it would stop censoring search results in China and possibly pull its business out of that country .
Google founder Sergey Brin discussed the recent hack attack against Google at the Technology , Entertainment and Design conference here Friday .
He was invited to the stage by TED curator Chris Anderson to discuss the hack against dozens of companies that targeted intellectual property and Gmail accounts of human rights activists .
Google stated at the time it announced the hack that it would seek to negotiate with the Chinese government to find a way to continue to operate there without censoring its search results .
Anderson asked Brin if he thought the negotiations would succeed , and Brin said he wanted to find a way to " really work within the Chinese system . "
" I 'm not going to put odds on it .
...
Perhaps we wo n't succeed immediately ... but maybe we will in a year or two , " he said , noting that " a lot of people think I 'm naive ... but I would n't have started a search engine in 1998 if I was n't optimistic . "
His comments echoed statements made by CEO Eric Schmidt in Davos last month .
Google.cn is still operating , and search result pages are still appended with the message : " According to local laws , regulations and policies , some search results are not shown . "
So as best as can be determined , Google continues to obey Chinese law and is neither in a hurry to leave or challenge the government in a more direct manner by stopping the practice .
Brin said he felt that after entering China in 2006 , things had actually improved in China for a while .
" I know there was a lot of controversy about that , " he said .
" But we were actually able to censor less and less .
... we also provide notification when the local laws prevented us from showing information , and local competitors followed suit in that respect .
So I feel like our entry made a big difference . "
Things , however , started going downhill , especially after the Olympics , he said .
There 's been a lot more blocking going on since then , and Google 's other sites , such as YouTube , have been blocked .
" So the situation really took a turn for the worse , " he said .
Brin said the company was willing to continue to do some types of censorship – porn and gambling – but did n't want to continue political censorship .
" There 's probably some people here who would n't mind you doing that in the U.S. as well , " Anderson replied .
If they can negotiate this level of censorship Brin said , " we 'd love to continue Google.cn and our operations there . "
Anderson asked if Google was n't being naive that it could pull out of China , given shareholder interests and other demands .
" You 're inevitably forced to compromise , " Anderson said .
" I mean , really ?
Do n't be evil ?
Can you really hold on to that ? "
" Well perhaps people do n't believe this but all throughout the discussion of originally entering China in 2006 ... and including the announcement last month , our focus has really been what 's best for the Chinese people , it 's not been about our particular revenue or profit or whatnot .
And I think there are many potential answers there and it's a really difficult question . "
Brin ended his comments by calling out companies that do n't disclose when they 've been hacked .
" As we 've gone through this investigation , it turns out a number of companies were aware of certain attacks on their systems and yet they did n't come forward , and as a result other companies could n't be better prepared , " he said .
" If more companies were to come forward with respect to these sorts of security incidents and issues , I think we would all be safer . "
TED 2010 : Full Coverage
See Also :
Not many house owners pay attention to the amount of wattage they needed for the different parts of the house .
Choosing the right watts for your home helps to set the space mood depending on the ...
It 's not that anybody thinks that removing the antitrust exemption is a substitute for the bigger health care reform bill .
But this particular fix was n't in the Senate bill , and can't be done through reconciliation .
It has to go alone .
And since it has to go alone , Congressman Tom Perriello fought to keep it as simple , straightforward , and loophole - free as possible .
It could n't be simpler .
( Perriello is , notwithstanding his vote on the Stupak Amendment , one of my favorite members of Congress .
He 's gutsy . )
From The Nation
Since 1945 , health insurance companies have been allowed to collude to fix prices .
The McCarran - Ferguson
Act exempted them from the antitrust regulations that normally prohibit such behavior .
And in a country in which more than 80 percent of markets have only one or two insurers , insurance companies just have n't bothered to compete .
Insurance is the only major industry in the United States , besides Major League Baseball , where such collusion and price - fixing is allowed .
Even the most basic understanding of economics makes it clear that without competition , markets wo n't efficiently solve economic problems .
As a result , for sixty - five years the American people have overpaid for insurance ; the Consumer Federation of America estimates the antitrust exemption for insurance companies is costing Americans an extra $ 50 billion in premiums per year .
...
What 's this bill makes all too clear is that whether you 're a free - market - loving Republican or a progressive populist Democrat , the only principled way to vote is in favor .
With no loopholes , no complications , and at two pages , the only reason to vote against it is to protect insurance company profits against fair competition .
It 's a clear us vs. them for populism -- on either side of the political spectrum .
So I know a lot is being asked of you all this week .
But there are three things I 'd like to ask that you do :
(1) Send a note to your representative - regardless of party - asking them to support H.R. 4626 to require that insurers compete without collusion and price fixing .
(2) Call or email your Senators to support a public option in the reconciliation package .
(3) Sign up with us or DFA or MoveOn.org or one of the other participating organizations to make your voice heard to fix and pass the health care bill and get it on the President 's desk !
It 's been a long haul , but this week is looking like real progress .
Let 's get this done !
President Obama has found another long - lost cousin : Scott Brown , the Republican state senator from Massachusetts who won the Senate seat long held by the late Sen. Edward M. Kennedy .
The president and the senator - elect are 10th cousins , according to the New England Historic Genealogical Society .
Brown ’s victory Jan. 19 over Democratic candidate Martha Coakley cost the Democrats their filibuster - proof majority in the Senate and may have jeopardized passage of Obama ’s top legislative priority -- a healthcare overhaul .
Despite the political chasm that separates the two men , however , Obama and Brown have at least one solid family link .
The New England genealogy experts report that Obama ’s mother , Stanley Ann Dunham , and Brown ’s mother , Judith Ann Rugg , both descended from Richard Singletary of Haverhill , Mass .
He died in 1687 at 102 .
Obama descends from Singletary ’s eldest son , Jonathan , who later changed his last name to Dunham .
Brown descends from Singletary ’s other son , Nathaniel .
Brown said of his family ties to Obama : “ I ’m glad to be in such distinguished company . ”
In 2008 , the society discovered that Obama is related to seven previous presidents : George H.W. Bush , George W. Bush , Jimmy Carter , Gerald Ford , Lyndon Johnson , Harry S. Truman and James Madison .
It also learned he was related to actor Brad Pitt and investor Warren Buffet .
mdsilva@latimes.com
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Just when you think the hype machine behind the Apple Tablet ca n’t get any higher , TechCrunch comes along and writes that Steve Jobs , in reference to the Tablet , stated to a number of confidantes – “ This will be the most important thing I ’ve ever done . ”
Senior Apple execs and friends of Jobs are telling people that he ’s about as excited about this upcoming Apple Tablet as he ’s ever been .
When you consider that Jobs has been behind the launch of the Apple II , the original Mac , the iPod , and the iPhone , it ’s hard not to get swept up with excitement and anticipation .
TechCrunch notes that it did n’t hear the above quote from Jobs directly ( duh ) , but that they ’ve had it confirmed by a number of independent sources who happened to hear the same story either second or third hand .
The above report echoes a Wall Street Journal article from late December which noted that Steve Jobs was “ extremely happy with the new Tablet ” .
Taken together , these second - hand reports are quite similar to stories we heard about Jobs ’ demeanor in the days preceding the introduction of the iPhone .
Supposedly , the normally tight - lipped Apple CEO was so enthusiastic and full of excitement over Apple ’s revolutionary new phone that he appeared giddy and could n’t help but talk to his close friends about what Apple had in store for the masses .
One thing ’s for sure – no matter how many millions of dollars companies put into creating ad campaigns and attempting to generate buzz , the hype surrounding Apple ’s product announcements is unparalleled and impossible to emulate .
THE key to preventing a near - doubling of global population by 2050 is to enable women in developing nations to choose the size and spacing of their families , according to the United Nations population chief .
Thoraya Ahmed Obaid , who heads the the United Nations Population Fund , said research showed about 235 million of the world 's women would like to cap their family sizes but had no access to family planning .
Rejecting approaches such as China 's One Child policy , she said that slowing down future population growth could be achieved only through voluntary means .
'' If these 235 million can plan their family , they all want smaller families .
This means it will slow population growth , '' she said .
'' When population growth is slowed that will lead to smaller total population , which will have a lighter footprint on environment ( and ) climate change . ''
What the hell just happened ?
My mind is spinning , trying to comprehend all that happened .
With two episodes left , I hope all questions will be answered .
The Caroline and Bennett stories were both resolved , and with two episodes left , I think that 's all we 'll learn about the two .
In a series of flashbacks , we see Caroline as a college student already investigating Rossum , breaking into the LA Dollhouse , and finding files of herself and Bennett .
She befriends Bennett who later finds her in the closet .
They set off to blow up a Rossum building , and Bennett is caught in the explosion when Caroline tells her to stop the explosion after finding what I presume is the attic of the Tuscon Dollhouse .
Eliza Dushku again did n't do a good job , especially with the superb performances we gotten , but I could at least tell that Caroline was supposed to be the rebel that would n't stop until the end , even if that meant casting off others .
Tim Minear did a great job showing the doom and gloom of what was going to happen while keeping the slight bit of hope .
Mellie 's return to Ballard 's arms with Echo looking on , and Ivy being forced out by Topher despite her insistence have different layers that most shows lack .
Sierra and Victor running off together before the end of the world would be a fitting end to their saga , but the door was left wide open for them to return , and nothing good can come from that .
The huge twist at the end -- that Boyd is the Big Bad - - basically turned the show on its head .
In the beginning of the show , Boyd was joining the Dollhose , and still was n't sure about it .
He went along whatever happened , but sometimes he would show flashes of uncertainty .
His friendly , trusting demeanor to Echo made us like him , and up until now , we 've had little reason not to trust him .
Now we learn he's was one of the top guys at Rossum , and dedicated everything specifically to get Caroline .
I did n't see it coming , and I do n't remember him ever being suspicious though maybe being too clean is a suspicion unto itself .
Dr. Saunders shooting Bennett was quite shocking with the red mist floating in the air , and the calm before the single shot .
At first , I was confused , but considering that Boyd is a bad guy , I think it 's safe to say she bad also ( though I really should n't assume anything about this show ) .
Before Bennett died , she and Topher were happy .
They 'd just kissed and bam , she 's dead .
This is Joss Whedon we 're talking about ; he does n't pull punches .
People who 've watched his shows should expect stuff like that , but he manages to pull it off each time that is still interesting and shocking .
In terms of the usual metaphysical questions brought up , " Getting Closer " had none of that .
Rushing full speed towards the end , the episode resolved a few stories , had several poignant scenes , and was chalk full of wild twists , setting up the final episodes .
My fear is that with the Rossum people already in the Dollhouse , the next episode will turn into an actionfest where the moral dilemmas are ignored for more explosive fighting scenes .
I 'll admit I do n't like the series finale of Buffy that much .
There were some good emotional scenes , but the episode was all about fighting , and far too much time was spent on it .
Dollhouse is a much different show tonally and thematically , so it probably wo n't happen .
Looking at the press releases for the next two episodes , I wonder if next week 's will be the conclusion to everything that 's happening in the present while the series finale will serve to wrap up Epitaph One .
Assuming that that 's true , there 's one episode left that will attempt to show Boyd 's deceit from the beginning , and the importance of Caroline / Echo .
As for the other characters , there will probably be a minor conclusion , but nothing like what we'd get if the series continued .
Damn you television gods !
Dollhouse has come a long way since the beginning episodes which were in no uncertain terms bad .
The evolving nature of the show eventually settled on having Echo find her identity with plenty of screentime dedicated to the other characters .
The engagement of the week stories eventually ended , and in the last half or so of season 2 , there was a compelling story arc that elevated the show to another level .
It went from near the bottom of shows I anticipated to the top .
I 'll be thoroughly satisfied with the series once it's over , and would like to acknowledge how amazing Fox was by renewing the show in the first place .
For that , I will always be thankful .
I will , however , be disappointed we wo n't be getting the top notch episodes that have become commonplace .
Score : 9.5/10
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
A1GP boss Tony Teixeira says he intends to use the Campos Meta team as A1GP 's Formula 1 arm if he successfully completes a deal to buy into the outfit .
AUTOSPORT revealed earlier this month that Teixeira was a leading candidate to either take a major share in or take over Adrian Campos 's start - up F1 team , which is seeking new investment to ensure it makes it onto the 2010 grid .
Teixeira has previously stated his ambition to have an F1 squad that the top drivers from A1GP could graduate into .
Although his nation versus nation series has had to call off the first half of its fifth season due to financial problems , Teixeira hopes to restart A1GP later this year .
" There 's more than one group talking to Campos and for us it has got to be part of an A1 deal , " he told Reuters .
" It 's all for A1 .
My ambition is to bring A1 into F1 . "
He said he was open to either a partnership with Campos or a fully - fledged buy - out : " It 's whatever suits us best . "
Campos 's head of strategy Daniel Eisen told the Associated Press that the team might not test its Dallara - built car prior to the season - opener in Bahrain , but Teixeira said he had assured that the team would be ready sooner .
" I am aware of that report but that 's not what the team principal tells me , " he said .
" They may make the second test but definitely the third and they will make the race .
The second test is the target . "
Sarah Palin , America ’s newest conservative movement leader , seems to be aiming for a takeover of the GOP .
Do n’t walk away from the Republican Party , she counseled the “ tea partyers ” recently , even if some candidates turn out to be a disappointment ( read : moderate ) .
And do n’t form a third party , she argued , saying , “ The Republican Party would be really smart to start trying to absorb as much of the tea party movement as possible . ”
With that , Ms. Palin highlighted something that politicians , if they want to make waves in the upcoming Senate elections this year , or the presidential race in 2012 , must understand .
Contrary to some of the spin , the tea party movement is not part of the independent movement .
Anyone playing the political game , from the president , to the politicians , to the pollsters , confuses them at their peril .
As the country becomes more and more dissatisfied with the two parties and anger and disappointment among Americans grow , it ’s important to see the ways these two movements are diametrically opposed and seek to accomplish different things .
That ’s how Americans will come to understand the difference between a tempest in a teapot and a broad - based movement to dramatically reform the political system .
The tea partyers are disgruntled social conservatives aiming to take control of the Republican Party , while independents , the antiparty force , are seeking to restructure the partisan political system .
As the percentage of Americans – it ’s now 42 – who consider themselves independent grows , understanding the route the independent movement has traveled will be critical to future elections .
Social conservatives set their sights on the Republican Party in 1964 when Barry Goldwater won the GOP nomination but was defeated by Great Society Democrat Lyndon Johnson .
They captured the White House 16 years later with Ronald Reagan , compromised with George W. Bush and the neoconservatives in 2000 and 2004 , but were swamped in 2008 by the rise of a new movement – the independents – when America elected its first black president .
Bursting onto the scene in 1992 with an outpouring for Ross Perot , the independent movement began as largely white , leaning center - right .
While the movement was quintessentially anti-establishment , left - liberals wrote it off as hopelessly right - wing .
But a network of unorthodox independent leftists with a base in the black , Latino , gay , and progressive communities , reached out to forge a populist coalition with the Perotistas .
Appealing to the need to bring all Americans together against a self - dealing , corrupt two - party arrangement , a new coalition took root inside the Perot movement , which led to the creation of the national Reform Party .
At its founding meeting in Kansas City in 1997 , the 40 black delegates in the room , led by the country ’s foremost African - American independent – Lenora Fulani – represented the first time in US history that African - Americans were present at the founding of a major national political party .
Though cast as either centrist or conservative , the Reform Party was neither .
It had become a left - center - right coalition shaped around an agenda for populist political reform .
While issues of immigration , trade , and the debt continued to interest many independents , this independent coalition turned to the need to reform the American political process as its fundamental concern .
Nonpartisan reform of elections and up - from - the - bottom democratic control became its operating principles locally and nationally , while the movement grappled with how to move beyond Mr. Perot .
That coalition was so strong that in 1999 , at its convention in Dearborn , Mich . , Perot ’s choice for party chair was defeated by a candidate backed by Ms. Fulani and Jesse Ventura .
Fulani won 45 percent of the vote for vice chair .
The Perot clique was desperate for an immediate counterrevolution .
Enter Pat Buchanan , a luminary in the social conservative enclave , which had animated the Republican Party , though its influence was waning with the rise of Bush and the neocons .
He joined the Reform Party and began campaigning for its 2000 presidential nomination ( which came complete with $ 18 million in federal funding ) .
The conflict was sharp .
Mr. Buchanan was a social conservative .
But the Reform Party was not a social conservative party .
With the influence of the Fulani networks , its radical reform orientation put it at the opposite end of the spectrum from Buchanan .
Nonetheless , a deal was struck .
Fulani , her political guru , Fred Newman , and this writer , agreed to support Buchanan if he back - burnered his conservative agenda and emphasized the values of populist political reform .
He agreed , but not before Mr. Newman cautioned that if Buchanan broke the deal , the left leadership of the Reform Party would bury his campaign .
Buchanan did break the deal .
And Newman did make good on his promise .
Though Buchanan stole the nomination ( and the money ) right under the nose of the Federal Election Commission , he polled a mere 450,000 votes – just 5 percent of Perot ’s total four years earlier .
The independent movement bid a not - so - fond farewell to social conservatism .
After the Reform Party debacle , the Fulani / Newman networks went on to create a new initiative in independent politics – without a party – organizing independents around antiparty process issues : open primaries , nonpartisan electoral regulation , and overcoming the partisan political culture .
It was clear to the independent movement that expressing the anger of its base meant opposing both major parties .
In contrast , the conservative movement recognized that if it gave up the Republican Party , it gave up everything .
In 2008 , it was the influence of the progressive networks that powered independents ’ support for Barack Obama , enabling his primary win over Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton and his dramatic general election win over the conservative Republican McCain ticket .
The latest polls show President Obama ’s loss of support among independents .
Why ?
Obama has , for the moment , “ gone home ” to the Democratic Party .
Remember , independents simply do n’t like parties .
The independent movement , fundamentally radical and inclusive , with a broad spectrum of Americans at its base , uses its power to reorganize the status quo , to reform the partisan way our country practices politics .
The tea party movement , ideologically overdetermined and with no room for diversity , uses its power to reinforce the partisan status quo , but with a conservative twist .
Jackie Salit is the president of IndependentVoting.org , a national association of independent voters .
---
Want to join the conversation ?
Follow us on Facebook .
Demanda a la Secretar�a de Comunicaciones y Transportes que entregue un informe detallado del comportamiento que tendr�n en el 2010 las tarifas en las carreteras concesionadas a particulares y a los gobiernos estatales
Ciudad de M�xico | Jueves 31 de diciembre de 2009
Notimex | El Universal
18:59
Available February 24th for a scant $ 123 , this commemorative Michael Jackson " This is It " hard drive is a monster piece of how the hell did this ever become a real product ?
And to think I could n't find a single manufacturer willing to roll out my line of Geekologie laptops .
I dunno , something about the 1.21 jiggawatts processor .
Amateurs .
Under the hood , you get a S2 Portable HXMU050DA , with 500 GB capacity on USB 2.0 .
Oh , and a DRM locked copy of This Is It .
Do n't worry , you 'll also get a little voucher with the activation code you need to watch it .
Heaven help you if you want to burn it to a DVD to watch anywhere other than on your computer .
Who the hell would ever buy that ?
I know people love Michael Jackson and all , but still , You gotta draw the line somewhere .
And that line should be right after MJ bobble heads .
" This is It " Commemorative Hard Drive [ crunchgear ]
Thanks to Van , who was shocked to find out it does n't come preloaded with the boys section of a JC Penny catalog .
WOCKA WOCKA WOCKA !
Pamela McElwee from Arizona State University recently published an important study on the social costs of protected areas looking at the case of the Ke Go nature reserve in Vietnam .
She wrote an excellent research summary for her personal blog , which she has graciously granted us permission to re-post here .
McElwee 's research interests focus on a social science approach to biodiversity and climate change issues .
Her blog gives insightful reviews and opinions on new academic work in this area .
She is part of a small but growing number of academics who are blogging to share their expertise on a more personal level .
I have a new article up in online first for Environmental Management on the question of the social costs of conservation : “ Resource Use Among Rural Agricultural Households Near Protected Areas in Vietnam : The Social Costs of Conservation and Implications for Enforcement . ”
The article asks the question : when protected areas are constructed or environmental policies enforced , who bears the costs of these actions ?
There has been a lot of discussion in recent years about the eviction of people from protected areas ( i.e. see Mark Downie ’s book Conservation Refugees ) but what about people who are n’t evicted , but who are also affected by restrictions on their resource use ?
I used household survey data from Vietnam to look at three questions :
1 ) Who in communities around a protected area were likely to be worst hit if they could no longer use park resources as a result of increased enforcement actions
2 ) What was the likely economic costs in terms of lost income if parks were closed to resource use , and
3 ) What might be some potential income substitutions for this lost income ?
The latter question was specifically aimed to see what we can learn about household income streams and alternative livelihoods to determine how conservation interventions might be designed .
The answers to my three questions were :
1 ) About 15 % of the population surveyed around the park got more than 50 % of their income from naturally collected resources ( fuelwood , timber , fruits , etc ) and thus these people would be most effected , but overall 57 % of people got at least some income from the protected forest .
Given that 40,000 people lived in the buffer zone of the park I was studying , that is a lot of people who would experience loss of income .
2 ) I estimated the total economic cost of the park to local people to be between half a million to almost a million USD per year in terms of lost income .
The actual management budget of the park ( i.e. rangers , guard stations , etc ) was at maximum around $ 170,000 / yr , and no money for loss of income was given to affected households .
3 ) Conservation interventions need to focus on substituting one type of income ( forest income ) with something similar ( i.e. no capital expenses needed , low eduction / labor requirements , and no land tenure requirements ) .
Agriculture does not fit the bill on any of these fronts : it requires capital for investment ( fertilizers , seeds , plows ) , has high labor requirements during peak seasons of the year ( especially for wet rice agriculture ) , and it requires the household to own land on which to plant crops .
A better substitute for forest income was low - skill wage labor , which does not require capital or land , although it does take labor effort throughout the year .
Unfortunately , few conservation project focus on making jobs ; most invest in small - scale livelihood efforts like new crops in gardens or bee keeping .
My study implies that these are a not very useful investment for lost forest income , and thus may have limited conservation impacts .
-- by Pamela McElwee , re-posted from her personal blog
testing captions
Miley Cyrus just wants to live her life .
The singer says she wants parents to take more responsibility for parenting their own children and not put so much pressure on her to be a role model .
“ My job is n’t to tell your kids how to act or how not to act because I ’m still figuring that out for myself , ” the 17 - year old pop star says in the February issue of Harper ’s Bazaar magazine .
The singer says she should n’t be criticized for the typical teenage behavior she displays , like posting explicit pictures to her MySpace page or performing a pole dance during a performance at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards ( OK , so most teenagers probably have n't gone there ) .
“ To take that away from me is a bit selfish , ” Cyrus says .
“ Your kids are going to make mistakes whether I do or not .
That ’s just life . ”
Cyrus also speaks out about the controversy over her nearly nude photo shoot with famed photographer Annie Leibovitz for Vanity Fair in 2008 .
“ Here , my parents are thinking they 're seeing a beautiful photograph by a major photographer , and the people of America want to see something dirty in that ? " she says .
" It does n't make sense to us because [ my family ] does n't look for negativity .
But people do n't want to say ' What a great performance ' or ' What a great shot . ’
No one wants to look at something like that and see the positive because it does n't sell a magazine . "
Evolution May Favor Survival of the Kindest
Evolution has always favored the toughest among us : after all , there was no dinner for the Neanderthal who lacked the skills to bring home a bison every now and then .
We ’ve developed brains , brawn , opposable thumbs , and the ability to adapt to all sorts of climates .
Evolution has always favored the toughest among us : after all , there was no dinner for the Neanderthal who lacked the skills to bring home a bison every now and then .
We ’ve developed brains , brawn , opposable thumbs , and the ability to adapt to all sorts of climates .
Our social evolution is another thing entirely .
Judging from many of our monarchs and political leaders throughout the generations , you might think that humans are evolving to become colder , more ruthless , and just all - around meaner .
But in fact , a research project from the University of California , Berkeley ’s Greater Good Science Center shows exactly the opposite : Dacher Keitner , a professor of psychology at UC Berkeley and the author of the book “ Born to Be Good : The Science of a Meaningful Life , ” claims that the human race has been around for so long precisely because of our compassionate nature .
“ Human beings have survived as a species because we have evolved the capacities to care for those in need and to cooperate , ” Keitner said in a release .
“ As Darwin long ago surmised , sympathy is our strongest instinct . ”
In a study , a group of subjects were given a small sum of money , and were required to use the money in ways to benefit the public good , in hypothetical games .
The researchers then paid close attention to how each of the subjects was treated by others , based on what he chose to do with the money .
They found that the more generous people were , the more influence they would gain over the others .
Kindness seemed to act as a sort of social glue to bond the subjects together .
“ The findings suggest that anyone who acts only in his or her narrow self - interest will be shunned , disrespected , even hated , ” said Robb Willer , the social psychologist from UC Berkeley who led the study .
“ But those who behave generously with others are held in high esteem by their peers and thus rise in status . ”
Scientists have also noted a genetic predisposition towards kindness in some people : it ’s a result of a specific variation of the gene receptor for oxytocin , which is a hormone that promotes loving , nurturing , and social emotions .
So , it follows that people who are programmed for compassion and kindness have a distinct social advantage over others — and following Darwin ’s model , the kindest and most empathetic people should be spreading their gene throughout humanity .
So could our descendants be evolving a more compassionate core ?
It ’s too early to make a firm judgment , but time will tell — and if nice guys finish last , maybe that ’s not such a bad thing after all .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Nasa satellite designed to uncover hidden cosmic objects has launched in California .
The Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( Wise ) blasted off from Vandenberg Air Force Base on a Delta II rocket just after 1409 GMT .
The probe is expected to uncover objects previously unseen comets , asteroids and stars .
Pallab Ghosh reports
From NetEase :
Summary : The National “ Anti-Pornography ” Office held an awards ceremony on January 8 to reward and encourage meritorious reporters .
A university student from Shanxi Province , Little Zhang , as a result of submitting a letter reporting over 32 obscene and pornographic websites , received a 10,000 yuan big reward .
In his reporting letter , Little Zhan claimed that pornographic websites have caused 6 of the 8 school mates in his dorm room to have had sexual experience , with two of them having had girls have abortions .
Comments from NetEase :
网易火星网友 :
Brother , you sure know a lot of porn websites …
网易河南郑州网友 :
The anti-pornographic campaign is something we all support , but what you said about 6 people out of 8 having had sexual experiences makes me think you are a little abnormal .
Having gone to college , having reached that age , we are going to have sexual desires , we are not saints , we will also imagine / fantasize , and also having reached the age of finding girlfriends , is n’t having had sexual experience a very normal thing ?
This really makes me think you are really weird .
网易山东青岛网友 :
In 1999 , I went to university .
At that time , the internet had just begun becoming popular , and everyone ’s interests was n’t on pornographic websites either but generally just to chat , although of the 8 brothers in our dorm room , I think all of us had sexual experiences already .
I say these things only to tell everyone that college students will all have sex experiences whether there are porn websites or not .
网易湖北荆门网友 :
… [ I ’m ] speechless .
When I was in university , of the eight people in my dorm only 2 had had sexual experience by the time we graduated .
I ’m so behind , so ashamed !!!
网易上海长宁网友 :
Just graduated from college , and I felt that those guys who date girls , even having sexual relations , visit porn websites less than other people , maybe because they do n’t have time … and those who visit porn websites a lot are usually those who do n’t have girls …
网易四川内江网友 :
[ They ] should protect the reporter ’s privacy !!!
网易浙江杭州网友 ;
There are only virgin university boys , no virgin university girls .
网易山东菏泽网友 :
I am a university student , I always watch Xin Wen Lian Bo [ a CCTV news program ] daily , and seeing the country develop so much , I am deeply inspired .
网易辽宁沈阳网友 :
To have sexual experiences is very normal , but not being careful and causing girls to become pregnant and have abortions , then you are just a beast !!!
网易天津网友 ;
How did find 32 websites ?
How come I ca n’t even find one ?
Poll
How often do you visit porn websites ?
Where am I ?
This is n't a porn website !
Every day .
Multiple times per week .
Once a week .
Once a month .
Only a few times in my life .
By mistake .
Never .
Really .
View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Less porn websites .
More chinaSMACK personals .
David Goldman and Sean Goldman Reunited in Brazil
David Goldman of Tinton Falls , New Jersey has finally been reunited with his 9 - year - old son Sean Goldman in Brazil on Christmas Eve .
A court decision ended the five - year legal battle by Goldman to regain custody of his son Sean .
The boy arrived Thursday at the U.S. Consulate in Rio de Janeiro for a reunion with his father , ending an international custody battled .
A consulate statement said , " Sean Goldman is finally with his father David .
The U.S. Consulate is doing its utmost to assure that the reunion will be as smooth as possible . "
Brazillian Supreme Court Chief Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Tuesday in favor of David Goldman , paving the way for the reunion .
The U.S. State Department issued a passport to Sean so that he could travel back to the United States with his father .
Goldman married Bruna Bianchi Carneiro Ribeiro in New Jersey in December 1999 .
Their son Sean was born in May 2000 .
Four years later , Goldman drove his wife and son , along with her parents , to Newark Airport for a planned 2 - week vacation to her parents home in Brazil .
When the family arrived in Brazil , Goldman 's wife phoned to say that the marriage was over and they would not be returning to the United States .
David Goldman 's wife obtained a divorce in Brazil without his consent or knowledge and subsequently married Joao Paulo Lins e Siva , an attorney from a prominent family in Brazil .
Goldman was notified by Brazilian authorities that his ex-wife died during childbirth on August 22 , 2008 .
For the past four years , Goldman has been battling to regain custody of his son .
Several failed attempts in 2009 had him jockeying back and forth to South America .
He returned to Brazil last week and repeatedly said that until he and Sean are on a plane and it is heading toward the U.S. , he will not let his guard down .
A Gulfstream G - IV , chartered by NBC News , lifted off three hours after father and son were reunited .
The pair were photographed boarding the aircraft at the Galeao Airport in Rio de Janeiro .
They were accompanied on their journey by NBC News correspondent Jeff Rossen .
According to NBC
News spokeswoman Lauren Kapp , " The Goldman 's were invited on a jet NBC News chartered to fly home to the U.S. "
It seems likely that an exclusive first interview with David Goldman and his son Sean Goldman will air on NBC either during the evening news on Christmas Eve or on " The Today Show " on Christmas Day .
More photos and video below .
The Finnish authorities have launched an enquiry into what they consider a serious breach of privacy on Street View , after a snooping spymobile captured a chap wearing less clothes than is advisable when Google comes a -calling .
The trail begins at this house , at Maakaarentie 14 , in Raahe .
Behind that wooden fence is someone who 's about to have an embarrassing encounter with the Great Satan of Mountain View 's all - seeing eye :
What comes next has now been struck from Street View , but we were able to find photographic evidence of the outrage , as you can see .
According to press reports helpfully translated by our Finnish informant , the victim was blissfully unaware of his worldwide exposure and only got wind of it when police got in touch .
As a result of the police probe , Google may be charged with invasion of privacy - an offence that is punishable by a fine or one year 's imprisonment .
Finland 's privacy watchdog has also weighed into the fray , noting that Street View has raised a lot of concerns among citizens .
Back in Maakaarentie , meanwhile , a further click down the street still shows another view of the poor bloke , albeit in a less compromising pose :
®
BBC orders auction house to remove neo-classical goddess painting ' in case nipple offends viewers '
BBC bosses ordered an auction house to remove a neo-classical oil painting of a semi- naked woman in case her exposed nipple offended viewers .
Auctioneer Alan Aldridge was being filmed for Flog it ! , BBC2's daytime antique programme , when the production team asked him to take down the 19th - century oil painting .
BBC Flog It ! presenter Paul Martin pictured filming at Aldridge Auctioneers in Devizes , Wiltshire , where a painting of a Greek goddess was removed from shot
It features the mythical Greek goddess Ariadne holding a goblet of wine with her left breast exposed .
Mr Aldridge , who runs Aldridge Auctioneers in Devizes , Wiltshire , offered to cover the offending nipple , but was still told to take the canvas down .
Offensive ?
The 19 - century oil painting which was removed from shot
He said : ' It is absolutely ridiculous .
' This is a 19th century neo -classical work of art .
I can't imagine anyone getting offended over a naked female nipple these days .
' I tried putting a Post - It note over the offending part of her anatomy , but that was n't good enough apparently . '
Flog it !
presenter Paul Martin , who lives in nearby Seend and used to run an antiques shop , defended the decision saying viewers would complain .
He said : ' Yes , they had to have the painting moved .
It was n't a big deal but they do get complaints about this sort of thing .
You'd be surprised . '
The crew were filming for an episode of Flog it !
which is due to be aired in the spring .
Viewers of the 30 - minute programme , which involves members of the public trying to make money out of their antiques , will however see a single strand of Elvis Presley 's hair being sold for £ 350 .
During the show a collection of football programmes also sold for £ 670 .
In Greek mythology , Ariadne was daughter of King Minos of Crete and his Queen Pasiphak , daughter of Helios , the sun Titan .
She helped Theseus overcome the Minotaur and was also the bride of the god Dionysus .
In 1982 the Buenos Aires government under General Galtieri invaded the Falkland Islands off the south coast of Argentina with a force of several thousand soldiers , overwhelming the garrison of Royal Marines stationed on the island .
On the same day the Royal Navy was ordered to assemble a task force to reclaim the Falklands by force .
The history of the conflict can be found in many books but despite a British victory exacting over six hundred Argentine lives the causes of the war persist to this day , at least in Argentina .
The claim to the Falkland Islands ( or Malvinas as they are known to Argentinians ) is one of proximity and historical claim ; i.e. , that they are much nearer to the Argentina than they are to Britain .
Secondly Argentina , after gaining independence from Spain , sent a ship to use the islands as a penal colony .
This was never accomplished due to a mutiny aboard the vessel .
In 1833 a British force arrived and claimed the desolate islands .
They have since seen the establishment of settlements , from which grew the current population of Falkland islanders .
In the minds of Argentinians however , the islands are “ rightfully ” theirs .
To the cynic , the only thing that matters is the probability of oil resources under the waters surrounding the islands .
Argentina as a developing state would understandably wish to tap this ever scarce resource and Britain is understandably no different .
A burgeoning hydrocarbon resource would be a huge boon to any state in the current economic conditions and this conflict easily stands out as one of a new type we are likely to see more of in the coming decades ; resource related disputes .
Once upon a time these base causes for war were the alpha and omega of conflict but have been considered “ unjust ” in more recent terms .
Land , oil , water are things that people find distasteful to fight for in the modern era .
What is more the population of the Islands ; the Falklanders who have been there since the 1830s , remain steadfast in their willingness to remain subjects of the British Crown .
It is this reason which mostly takes the priority at the Foreign Office and when questioned , it refers to Chapter 1 , Article 1 , Part 2 of the United Nations Charter which states that the purpose of the organization is , “ To develop friendly relations among nations based on respect for the principle of equal rights and self - determination of peoples , and to take other appropriate measures to strengthen universal peace . ”
The claims and cause of conflict of the islands therefore come down to the following :
Argentinian claim
Proximity to Argentina
Economic interest : Oil resources exist outside Argentine waters but on “ Argentine continental region ”
Historical claim : The Buenos Aires government in its infancy had “ intent ” to use the island before the establishment of British control but this never achieved fruition
The belief that the islands are “ morally ” Argentinian due to the “ evil ” ways of European imperial powers
British claim
Legal claim : Right to self - determination of the Falkland islanders under international law
Economic interest : Oil resources exist within Falklands waters
Historical claim : Have been a British territory since 1833
Won the 1982 conflict
Geostrategic position provides a friendly port of call for Western vessels navigating the Caoe
Current Argentine head of state President Cristina Kirchner has insisted that her approach will be one of peace in her ongoing presidential pledge to reclaim the islands for Argentina .
In the recent Rio conference she acquired considerable support among her fellow South American leaders , particularly from Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez who directly challenged Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth in a strange tirade .
“ Queen of England , I ’m talking to you , ” said Chávez .
“ The time for empires is over , have n’t you noticed ?
Return the Malvinas to the Argentine people . ”
To the average Briton on the street this seems mad , in keeping with the general appreciation of Chavez ’ personality .
However , in South America , according to one Telegraph correspondent , Her Majesty is believed a potent element of British domestic and international government , despite having no seat in any international forum or either house of British Parliament .
The Argentinian foreign minister even approached Ban Ki-moon , secretary general of the United Nations , for discussion of the matter within the UN — with little result .
The UN can do little however , as only those decisions made by the Security Council can be considered binding and this , at the moment , is no matter for that chamber of the United Nations .
The position of the Foreign Office in this has been quiet so far , merely reasserting that the stance of the British government is that the Falkland Islands are British , largely due to the rights of self - determination of the islanders .
In the British press , reactions have been mixed , much more so than in 1982 when there was a much greater level of unified thought that the islands were British .
Perhaps much has changed since ’ 82 and people here now see the islands as an imperial throwback but , if this truly is the new world order of multilateralism and international law , surely it is up to the population of the Falkland Islands to decide , as is their right .
The position of Chile and the United States in the issue have also been of considerable debate .
In 1982 , Chile , under General Pinochet , was the sworn enemy of Argentina and assisted the British effort to reclaim the islands by launching a large offensive along the Chilean - Argentine border .
America ’s president at the time , Ronald Reagan , got on famously with British prime minister Margaret Thatcher whose decision it was to reclaim the islands .
The same cannot be said of today ’s American president nor of the British prime minister .
The United States ’ official stance is one of studied neutrality , with an offer to mediate which has put a strain on the “ special relationship . ”
In the Blair - Bush years this certainly would have been different and the current situation is certainly a symptom of the ongoing estrangement between the two formerly close allies due to personalities .
Obama is , we must accept , an anti-British president with a secretary of state barely worth that title .
This is hardly surprising due to his family connection to Mau Mau terrorism in 1960s Kenya .
It however serves as a harsh slap in the face to a British public who have seen considerable blood and treasure spent in the sands of Iraq and Afghanistan .
While in the United States , the close alliance with Britain in the Blaire - Bush years may be seen as symptom of that friendship but among the British population it was certainly a willingness to support the American people and their forces in the post - 9/11 security environment .
The differentiation is an important one to be considered by the Obama Administration which has so far gained a reputation of putting former adversaries above old friends .
The impacts could be profound , with the United States no longer considered a credible security partner to anywhere near the same extent as it was just years ago .
Whatever the diplomatic conditions and movements at present , the military question remains .
Royal Navy activity has increased in the area with deployments of warships and subsurface craft .
Whether Britain could refight the Falklands War with its current capability is a bone of contention in many places .
The current forces in the region are considerably larger than in 1982 , with vessels already in place , a proper runway with a hand full of Eurofighter aircraft and 1,000 Royal Marines .
However , with the current British commitment to Afghanistan and residual forces in Iraq , it is questionable if much more could be mounted for a Falklands defense should Argentina choose a military option .
Certainly they have the political support to do so within South America , perhaps even militarily from Venezuela .
If we presume that British territory is sovereign and more important than other commitments , as makes sense , then the withdrawal of some 6,000troops from Afghanistan and Royal Navy vessels from Afghan and Somali duties could be needed for a relief effort .
( Contrary to popular belief , most aerial sorties in Afghanistan are conducted from American and British aircraft carriers . )
The Royal Navy is currently much smaller than it was in 1982 and it has been the consideration of many in the know that now ( being before the launch of the new Queen Elizabeth class aircraft carrier ) would be a perfect time , militarily , for Argentine action .
Conveniently , it also seems a politically opportune time with the appearance , if not concrete , of trans - South American support and a decisive neutrality stance from the United States .
The upshot is that things are very tense right now .
That is not to say that they have n’t been like this since 1982 ; they have been but right now things seem to be headed more to some kind of conclusion , albeit perhaps a temporary one , than they have since 1982 .
In the unlikely event that some level of conflict should arise , then it is highly questionable if Britain could meet the requirements for the defense of Falkland islanders and the British workers on board the hyrdocarbon platform in the region .
The Obama Administration ’s position has put a serious strain on Anglo - American relations , the severity of which may be small or , in time , large but only time will tell .
What is certain is that , should the British government in any way “ lose ” the islands to Argentina , it would be a sad time for the right of self - determination which should be a prime concern in Buenos Aires , London and at the United Nations in New York .
In Britain , with an election imminent , weakness for Gordon Brown over the Falklands will be jumped on by the Conservatives like hounds on a wounded stag , while strength could add a string to Brown ’s bow .
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Friday , Feb 26th , 2010
The leader of a Pakistan based terrorist organisation closely affiliated with Al Qaeda has detailed how his group benefited from extensive political and financial support from the CIA in return for continued attacks against the government , the people and the infrastructure of Iran .
Abdolmalek Rigi , the leader of the Pakistan - based Jundullah terrorist organization was captured earlier this week by Iranian security officials in the south of the country .
Rigi was tracked by Iranian intelligence when he boarded a flight from Dubai to Kyrgyzstan on Tuesday .
According to officials , Rigi was using a forged Afghan passport which was issued to him by the U.S. government .
The 31 - year - old terror leader issued a statement on Iranian state TV yesterday , during which he alleged that he had made a pact with the U.S. for safe haven and unlimited military aid to pursue terrorist activities against the Iranian government .
“ They said they would cooperate with us and will give me military equipment , arms and machine guns .
They also promised to give us a base along the border with Afghanistan next to Iran , ” Rigi said .
“ They [ were ] prepared to give [ us ] training and / or any assistance that [ we ] would require , in terms of telecommunications security and procedures as well as other support , the Americans said they would be willing to provide it at an extensive level , ” he added .
Rigi indicated that the relationship with U.S. intelligence continued through the election of Barack Obama and up to the present day .
Iranian officials paraded Rigi before the press and presented a photo they claim showed the terrorist leader entering a U.S. base in Afghanistan one day before his arrest .
The Pentagon has strenuously denied having any links to the Jundullah , describing the revelations as “ fabrications ” and “ propaganda ” concocted by Iranian officials .
Iran ’s intelligence minister , Heydar Moslehi also alleged that Rigi had met the then Nato secretary - general , Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , in Afghanistan in 2008 , and had visited European countries .
Moslehi said agents had tracked Rigi ’s movements for five months , calling his arrest “ a great defeat for the US and UK ” .
Of course , you will not hear about this story in the controlled U.S. media , so it is left to Russia Today broadcasters , with the help of investigative journalist and author Webster Tarpley to break down the story :
Iran has repeatedly claimed that Jundullah , which has carried out scores of bombings against the Iranian Revolutionary Guard , killing hundreds of civilians in the process , is backed directly by Pakistan , Britain and Israel , as well as America .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
So why should we give any credence to a captured terrorist who has undergone hours of interrogation from Iranian officials ?
Because his confession backs up already substantial evidence that the the Jundullah group , in addition to other anti-Iranian terrorist groups , have enjoyed fruitful relationships with western intelligence .
We have consistently reported on the ties , as has award winning journalist Seymour Hersh and other notable publications such as the London Telegraph .
Below is a selection of core articles that present substantive evidence of the terrorist groups ’ links to the CIA :
Reporter Details Congressionally Approved Covert Funding Of Terrorists
In Iran
Western Governments Funding Taliban & Al - Qaeda To Kill U.S. Troops , Destabilize Countries
US Aiding Al Qaeda Affiliated Group In Iran ?
Bush sanctions ‘ black ops ’ against Iran
CIA Protects Al - Qaeda Group From Extradition
U.S. Government Uses Al - Qaeda To Attack Iran
Ex -CIA agent confirms US ties with Jundullah
U.S. Attacks Iran Via CIA - Funded Jundullah Terror Group
Iranian Interior Minister : Western Intelligence Behind Riots And Unrest
Abdolmalek Rigi ’s claims echo those of his brother Abdolhamid Rigi , who was arrested by Pakistani security forces last year and extradited to Iran .
We have also previously detailed the fact that the West has a long history of meddling in Iranian affairs and stirring up unrest and division .
The following is a video and detailed transcript of Abdolmalek Rigi ’s confession , stated in Farsi , as broadcast on Iran ’s Press TV :
“ After Obama was elected , the Americans contacted us and they met me in Pakistan .
They met us after clashes with my group around March 17 in ( the southeastern city of ) Zahedan , and he ( the US operative ) said that Americans had requested a meeting . ”
“ I said we did n’t have any time for a meeting and if we do help them they should promise to give us aid .
They said they would cooperate with us and will give me military equipment , arms and machine guns .
They also promised to give us a base along the border with Afghanistan next to Iran . ”
“ They asked to meet me and we said where should we meet you and he said in Dubai .
We sent someone to Dubai and we told a person to ask a place for myself in Afghanistan from the area near the operations and they complied that they would sort out the problem for us and they will find Mr. Rigi a base and guarantee his own security in Afghanistan or in any of the countries adjacent to Iran so that he can carry on his operations .
“ They told me that in Kyrgyzstan they have a base called Manas near Bishkek , and that a high - ranking person was coming to meet me and that if such high - ranking people come to the United Arab Emirates , they may be observed by intelligence people but in a place like Bishkek this high - ranking American person could come and we could reach an agreement on making personal contacts .
But after the last major operation we took part in , they said that they wanted to meet with us .
“ The Americans said Iran was going its own way and they said our problem at the present is Iran not al - Qaeda and not the Taliban , but the main problem is Iran .
We do n’t have a military plan against Iran .
Attacking Iran is very difficult for us ( the US ) .
The CIA is very particular about you and is prepared to do anything for you because our government has reached the conclusion that there was nothing Americans could do about Iran and only I could take care of the operations for them .
“ One of the CIA officers said that it was too difficult for us to attack Iran militarily , but we plan to give aid and support to all anti-Iran groups that have the capability to wage war and create difficulty for the Iranian ( Islamic ) system .
They reached the conclusion that your organization has the power to create difficulties for the Islamic Republic and they are prepared to give you training and / or any assistance that you would require , in terms of telecommunications security and procedures as well as other support , the Americans said they would be willing to provide it at an extensive level . ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Tweet
Russ has this excellent essay in today ’s Wall Street Journal .
Here are the final three paragraphs :
If economics is a science , it is more like biology than physics .
Biologists try to understand the relationships in a complex system .
That ’s hard enough .
But they ca n’t tell you what will happen with any precision to the population of a particular species of frog if rainfall goes up this year in a particular rain forest .
They might not even be able to count the number of frogs right now with any exactness .
We have the same problems in economics .
The economy is a complex system , our data are imperfect and our models inevitably fail to account for all the interactions .
The bottom line is that we should expect less of economists .
Economics is a powerful tool , a lens for organizing one ’s thinking about the complexity of the world around us .
That should be enough .
We should be honest about what we know , what we do n’t know and what we may never know .
Admitting that publicly is the first step toward respectability .
Achilles and a tortoise are competing in a 100 m sprint .
Confident in his victory , Archilles lets the tortoise start 10 m ahead of him .
The race starts , Achilles zooms off and the tortoise starts bumbling along .
When Achilles has reached the point A from where the tortoise started , it has crawled along by a small distance to point B .
In a flash Achilles reaches B , but the tortoise is already at point C .
When he reaches C , the tortoise is at D .
When he's at D , the tortoise is at E .
And so on .
He 's never going to catch up with the tortoise , so he has no chance of winning the race .
Something 's wrong here , but what ?
Let 's assume that Achilles is ten times faster than the tortoise and that both are moving at constant speed .
In the times it takes Achilles to travel the first 10 m to point A , the tortoise , being ten times slower , has only moved by 1 m to point B .
By the time Achilles has travelled 1 m to point B , the tortoise has crawled along by 0.1 m to point C . And so on .
After n such steps the tortoise has travelled
1+1/10+1/100+1/1000 + .... +1/10 ( n - 1 ) metres .
And this is where the flaw of the argument lies .
The tortoise will never cover the 90 m it has to run using steps like these , no matter how many of them it takes .
In fact , the distance covered in this way will never exceed 10/9=1.111 ... metres .
This is because the geometric progression
1+1/10+1/100+1/1000 +...
converges to 10/9 .
Since the tortoise is travelling at constant speed , it covers this distance in a finite time , and it 's precisely when it 's done that that Achilles overtakes it .
This problem is known as one of Zeno 's paradoxes , after the ancient Greek philosopher Zeno , who used paradoxes like this one to argue that motion is just an illusion .
Find out more about Zeno's paradoxes in the Plus article
Mathematical mysteries : Zeno's Paradoxes ,
and about convergent series in the Plus articles
An infinite series of surprises ,
Outer space : Series , and
In perfect harmony .
Shepard recently did an illustration for Colbert .
It debuted on the Colbert report this week and re-airs tomorrow ( Friday ) on Comedy Central .
A full story on the image and a free download of the image on Colbert ’s website is linked below , check it out .
Nation !
Join Stephen on his quest for Olympic glory LIVE at Creekside Park next to Science World at 1455 Quebec Street in Vancouver , BC on February 17th and 18th at 9:15 am .
To help spread the word about his historic visit to Canada , DOWNLOAD the exclusive commemorative poster and post it all over Vancouver !
Visit Colbert ’s official website and see the announcement .
Spreadsheet v3.3
PLEASE NOTE :
Downloads of v3.3 and earlier versions have finished now , and the links below no longer go anywhere .
Version 4 has been released .
Check out the v4 page for more details .
thanks for your interest
A …
Thanks to all of you and your feedback , I ’m rolling out v3 of the spreadsheet today a month short of the spreadsheet ’s 2nd anniversary .
This edition includes
Wikipedia / Google Books hyperlinks : updated these where new information had become available .
updated these where new information had become available .
Amazon links : deleted these because , quite frankly , they bring in virtually nothing and clutter up the spreadsheet .
The only people making money from links to Amazon are Amazon .
deleted these because , quite frankly , they bring in virtually nothing and clutter up the spreadsheet .
The only people making money from links to Amazon are Amazon .
Toned down graphics :
Not as garish as it used to be !
Not as garish as it used to be !
Better filtering : your feedback means the new version filters tbr and r columns along with your titles .
your feedback means the new version filters tbr and r columns along with your titles .
Frozen top section : Headings and totals at the top are now frozen in place so that you can see them when you scroll down .
Headings and totals at the top are now frozen in place so that you can see them when you scroll down .
Totals sheet :
Another request that I ’ve included is that now you get a separate sheet that lists progress with both lists together for the die hard reading challengers among us .
I ’ve just pipped the 200 mark at 205 books with 86 to be read .
What about you ?
DOWNLOAD INSTRUCTIONS – READ THIS AND SAVE THE SUPPORT !
Just click the button you need below or right click and Save Target As… .
You should get a zip file ( because IE7 ca n’t cope with Excel 2007 files being downloaded any other way ) .
You ’ll need to unzip the file to get a save - able copy .
If not , it will be a read - only copy .
That ’s no problem either .
If it ’s read only then use Save As… and give it your own filename .
Please note that if you ca n’t figure it out and want me to email you a copy , you ’ll need to provide me with as much info as possible about why you ca n’t open the spreadsheet and what program , OS , browser etc you ’re using before I ’ll oblige .
Help me to help you !
Cheers .
FAQs
I ’ve entered in all my r and tbr cells but the totals do n’t change .
Why is this ?
You need to save the file .
Once you do , it will calculate the values at the top of the spreadsheet .
Why can’t I save the file ?
Did you read the instructions above ?
You need to extract it first before you can save it .
If you truly cannot get either version to work , comment on this thread .
Include your email and let me know which version you want .
I ’ll send you one as an attachment .
If anyone wants to thank me for this , get in touch .
That tbr list can hold more !
Version History :
v1.0 – released 30 May 2007
v2.0 – released 30 August 2008
v2.1 – released 30 December 2008 – 2008 list reordered to actual updated edition , 2 books added that were missed off 2008 list , 2 books moved from 2008 list to 2006 list .
v3.0 – released 30 April 2009 – removed amazon links , improved filtering , added frozen panes , added totals sheet , changed graphics
v3.1 – released 01 May 2009 – dealt with some typos , corrected formulas to actually give reading rates for those lists alone , changed feedback link to v3 page ( all thanks to Plekter !)
! ) v3.2 – released 19 May 2009 – removed an erroneous entry to Ken Kesey from the removed list ( thanks to Steven !)
! ) v3.3 – released 19 June 2009 – changed totals that formulas were using to calculate – my bad ( thanks to Daniel for pointing this out .
Great attention to detail man . )
for pointing this out .
Great attention to detail man . )
Hopefully that ’s it for a while !
v4 – released ??
March 2010 - a whole slew of new features .
Check out the version 4 page for more …
PLEASE NOTE :
Downloads of v3.3 and earlier versions have finished now , and the links below no longer go anywhere .
Version 4 is on its way .
Check out the v4 page for more details .
thanks for your interest
A …
Download Totals :
version 1 – Excel 03 – 05/07 to end 08/08 : 17,953
version 2 – Excel 07 – 08/08 to end 03/09 : 6478
version 2 – Excel 03 – 08/08 to end 03/09 : 3790
version 3 – Excel 07 – 04/09 to end 05/09 : 992
version 3 – Excel 03 – 04/09 to end 05/09 : 601
TOTAL : 29814
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The " extra " particles may make spotting the Higgs boson harder
The results from the highest - energy particle experiments carried out at the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) in December have begun to yield their secrets .
Scientists from the LHC's Compact Muon Solenoid detector has now totted up all of the resulting particle interactions .
They wrote in the Journal of High Energy Physics that the run created more particles than theory predicted .
However , the glut of particles should not affect results as the experiment runs to even higher energies this year .
The LHC is designed to smash together particles and atoms circling its 27 km - tunnel in a bid to find evidence of further particles that underpin the field of physics as it is currently formulated .
The December announcement of particle beam energies in excess of one trillion electron volts made the LHC the world 's highest - energy particle accelerator .
Particle particulars
That makes the new results a unique look at the field of high - energy physics .
The experiments , smashing protons into each other , produced a few more subatomic particles known as pions and kaons than the team was expecting .
" The level is somewhat higher than the most popular models had predicted , and it looks like it is going to increase with energy a little bit more steeply than we expected , " said Gunther Roland , a CMS collaboration scientist from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the US .
" I think it 's not going to be a problem , but it is one of the many things that we need to know as we move toward searches for the most rare particles and new physics , " Professor Roland told BBC News .
He added that the " extra " particles will be more of an issue when , later in 2010 , the LHC dedicates itself to collisions involving ions of the element lead , a markedly heavier pair of targets resulting in an even larger array of particles on impact .
" We 'll know much more about that in two or three months when we look at the next higher energy of 7 TeV ( trillion electron volts ) . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
February 5 , 2010
The Tea Party movement is now almost completely unrecognizable from what it was a few short years ago .
It came to prominence in 2008 when the Libertarian Party of Illinois planned to hold an April 15 , 2009 anti-tax “ Boston Tea Party ” in Chicago .
In February 2009 , the idea grew after CNBC personality Rick Santelli , speaking from the floor of the Chicago stock exchange , criticized the Obama administration ’s tax and economic policies and urged Americans become Tea Party activists .
Establishment Republicans plan to run Sarah Palin as the Tea Party presidential candidate .
In fact , the idea began as the Boston Tea Party in 2006 .
It was founded by a group of former Libertarian Party members who criticized the party for its “ abdication of political responsibilities , ” declaring that “ Americans deserve and desperately need a pro-freedom party that forcefully advocates libertarian solutions to the issues of today . ”
The Boston Tea Party opposed statism at all levels .
“ The Boston Tea Party supports reducing the size scope and power of government at all levels and on all issues , and opposes increasing the size , scope and power of government at any level , for any purpose . ”
How things have changed .
It did n’t take long for establishment Republicans to steal the idea and claim it as their own .
A few weeks after Rick Santelli made his comments , Ron Paul ’s media coordinator Steve Gordon went on MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow show and complained about what he characterized as an attempt by Republicans to hijack the idea .
Gordon specifically blamed former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee .
It did n’t take long for Republicans to embrace the idea .
RNC Chairman Michael Steele , Sarah Palin , and Rep. Michele Bachmann from Minnesota have suggested the Tea Party should be rolled into the Republican Borg hive .
[ efoods ]
Now there will be a national Tea Party convention in Nashville .
It will be a parade of Republican statists with former Alaskan governor Sarah Palin leading the charge .
“ I look forward to meeting many Americans who share a commitment to limited government , common sense and personal responsibility .
This movement is truly a grassroots , organic effort .
It ’s not a top - down organization , ” Palin wrote for USA Today , “ it ’s a ground - up call to action that already has both political parties rethinking the way they do business . ”
Ground - up ?
Tea Party candidates for the 2010 mid-term elections “ will be expected to support the Republican National Committee platform , ” according to Fox News .
“ If a particular candidate meets the proposed Tea Party criteria he or she would be eligible for fundraising and grassroots Tea Party support . ”
“ Once elected to office , members would be required to join a Congressional Tea Party Caucus , attend regular meetings and be held accountable for the votes they cast .
Those who stray from the Tea Party path would risk losing it ’s support and a likely re-election challenge . ”
In other words , business as usual .
Under the rule of George W. Bush and the Republicans , “ inflation - adjusted spending on the combined budgets of the 101 largest programs they vowed to eliminate in 1995 has grown by 27 percent , according to the libertarian Cato Institute .
Eight years of a Republican president , six with a Republican - controlled Congress , resulted in bigger government , the biggest expansion of entitlements in 40 years and a $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street that continues to grow , ” writes Donny Ferguson of the Libertarian National Committee .
Maddow explains how the Republican subverted Tea Party movement is a blessing for statist progressives .
Bush and the Republicans also invaded two sovereign nations and killed more than a million Iraqis .
Democrats by and large supported these war crimes .
They also overwhelmingly supported the Republicans when they attacked the Constitution and the Bill of Rights ( the so - called Patriot Act being only the most egregious example ) .
If the co-opted Tea Party embraces the Republican National Committee platform , it will finalize its mutation from a grassroots libertarian organization into an establishment statist tool pushing a national debt for the banksters , bloated government , taxation , perpetual war , and continued attacks on the Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
It should be obvious by now that the Republicans plan to run Sarah Palin against Obama in 2012 .
This will be a disaster for the Republicans because many Americans are not fooled by her sudden Tea Party plumage .
Republicans are desperate to regain control of the White House and Congress and give us four or eight more years of Bush and his warmongering statist neocons .
It is a shabby and absurdly transparent gimmick .
Real Tea Party activists and supporters need to reject Palin , Huckabee , Gingrich , and the Republicans out of hand .
They should be vocal about their rejection .
Otherwise we will end up with another ideologue and teleprompter reading cigar store Indian for the ruling elite .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Just back from Israel / Palestine , the overwhelming sense I carry away is that the present state cannot last .
Just how it goes down I have no idea .
But conditions are so obviously discriminatory , and the knowledge of these conditions now so widespread– among the Christian pilgrims in my Jerusalem guesthouse , among European leaders , and now too among the Israeli elite and American left –that the situation is reminiscent of the delegitimizing of communism in the 70s and 80s .
The period of apartheid struggle that Ehud Olmert warned of two years ago is upon us .
So too his warning of possible “ national suicide . "
The surprise for me is that the indifference of American Jews to this injustice is more than matched by that of the mass of Israelis :
They live inside the bubble of their opinion that Israeli society is fair .
So this trip has left me pretty depressed , even as it has renewed my sense of ethnocentric purpose : I will do what I can to bring the American Jewish community into the world conversation about the reality of Israel / Palestine .
This will happen .
A few weeks back Israeli activist Micha Kurz said that a war had begun between one part of Israeli society and another ; and I come home knowing that that war is about to erupt inside American Jewish life .
You might say that it has already erupted : J Street ’s emergence and all the liberal Zionists in the New York Review of Books attacking the occupation are signs .
But we ai n’t seen nothing yet .
We are on the verge of a Jewish intifada , and about time too .
Now why do I say that the current situation cannot last ?
I use the words apartheid and Jim Crow on this site all the time , but it is something else to see these policies before your eyes and be overborne by the feeling ( and over days to come , I will offer observations of such moments ) .
And today there is no secret about these conditions .
They are being discussed openly not just in the Palestinian community — and believe me , every Palestinian I met expressed hatred for this system–but in Israel and Europe , and even at the fringes of the American Jewish community .
A week ago I got out of a taxi in the occupied West Bank at the Ofer prison for a demonstration against the arbitrary detainment of Palestinian human rights worker Jamal Juma ’ , and there were Mustafa Barghouti and Omar Barghouti leading the protest–and a dozen American Jews from the visiting group American Jews for a Just Peace , also several news teams from the Arab world and Europe .
What all these people recognize , and what Mustafa Barghouti woke up to three years ago , is that the peace process has been meaningless .
Israel is today “ the worst country in the world ” because of the system it has set up , Barghouti told me : he would be arrested if he used that road right there , he said , pointing at settlers road 443 ; and the Jews in the West Bank use 26 times the amount of water as the Palestinians and Palestinians pay twice the price that Jews do for water and electricity .
And when Barghouti says that Israel is now the worst country in the world he means that there is at last international outrage over the fact that a country claiming to be a democracy in the 21st century is creating these conditions .
A couple of dozen Israelis I met echo the understanding that their society faces an existential crisis , in one year or ten years .
Even
Ynet has columnists who say it is apartheid , and even Zionists I met are filled with despair .
They know that it is like South Africa , they know the world is paying attention , they know that the Palestinians hate the system .
And meanwhile the country ’s leadership is committing national suicide by expanding the realm of apartheid conditions even as Al Jazeera and Reuters train their cameras on the scene .
This is the war that Micha Kurz told me about .
Zionism is today divided between those who want the Land of Israel and the more pragmatic Zionists who think that the landgrab is destroying the state ; and the second group is joined by non-Zionists and anti’s .
This division did not exist for most of the occupation ; previously , Labor Zionists went along with the religious crazies and Revisionist fanatics who wanted to populate Eretz Israel .
But today liberal Zionist Tom Segev writes in the New York Review of Books that Zionism was never about having the land , it was about maintaining a Jewish majority .
And Yoel Marcus writes in Haaretz that Israel must do everything to stave off the “ demographic dominance ” of non-Jews .
The same war is visible in American Jewish life , between mainstream Jewish organizations like AIPAC that have pushed the messianic occupation and J Street which has opposed it , so far mildly .
But in Israel the battle is raging openly , and of course the expansionists are winning , as they always have .
Netanyahu ’s settlement freeze means nothing when you consider that there are thousands of freshly - poured foundations across the West Bank and the settlers will now undertake to build houses on them during the freeze , and East Jerusalem continues to be ethnically cleansed .
What are they thinking ?
How does the right wing imagine that it can secure Israel ’s future when it is consolidating a system in which 5 million Jews will govern a non-Jewish majority in the so - called Jewish homeland ?
The answer I got from Assaf Sharon and other activist Israelis is that the leadership is counting on miracles : that God will take care of the Jews so long as they are in Eretz Israel , or that somehow American Jews will be granted voting citizenship in the land and so Jews will continue to outnumber the Palestinians ( p.s. dual loyalty is an antisemitic canard ) , or that the Palestinians will undertake voluntary transfer and clear out of the land on their own .
The last would seem to be government policy , of making the Palestinians feel very , very unwelcome .
It is the weakness of the Israeli system , of course , that feverish people are now guiding government policy .
Even Netanyahu must be afraid of them ; and his recent efforts to try to break up centrist parties so as to capture some of their more conservative members for his coalition is seen by some as a pragmatic effort by the Prime Minister to provide himself a political base so as to take on the right wing .
The feverish have taken political cover from the Jewish - only bubble .
I mean all the Jews , including Americans , who are swaddled in Holocaust consciousness of Jews as victims and have refused to develop any knowledge of a situation in which Jews exercise oppressive control .
One of the most startling discoveries of my trip was learning from Mikhael Manekin , a leaders of the soldiers ’ group Breaking the Silence , that the group had taken leading Israeli establishment figures , including government officials , on its tour of Hebron in recent months and they had come away disturbed and angry at the blatant apartheid conditions in the city , in which some Palestinians cannot walk on the street that they live on .
The shock is that I took this tour nearly 4 years ago , but that even Israeli leaders have blinded themselves to a situation that has been an outrage for 40 years .
Not to mention American Jewish leaders , here in the country where liberals attack you if you use the word apartheid .
This Jewish blindness will not last .
There is too much stirring .
Didi Remez is a Zionist , but he is using his Coteret blog to get facts to the American mainstream about the deadly occupation ; and though he and I disagree about the necessity of the Jewish state , he does n’t mind marching alongside me and BDS - supporting Jews in the fight against the occupation .
I saw him at the Sheikh Jarrah demonstration Friday , against the ethnic cleansing of the East Jerusalem neighborhood so that Jerusalem will be Jewish Jewish Jewish ; and who else should I see there but Hendrik Hertzberg of the New Yorker– so maybe the New Yorker will write about this at last and tell its readers what virulent Zionists are doing to old Arab neighborhoods .
I know that many of these Israeli activists are committed to the idea of a Jewish state .
Even among Jews who oppose the occupation and are butting heads with soldiers in villages in the West Bank , there are many who are trying to preserve Israel as a national refuge for the Jews .
They are like Daniel Levy of J Street , who has called for a return to the ’ 67 borders to preserve the Jewish state .
Or Bernard Avishai , also at the Sheikh Jarrah demo , who wishes to maintain a Hebrew republic , presumably in a form of partition .
Can they bring about a wider awareness of the crisis come soon enough to save the Jewish state ?
I do n’t know .
Yet somehow I doubt that a Jewish state — an ethnocracy somehow redeemed by institutionalized respect for the rights of a minority population– will survive the crisis .
The proliferation of settlements on strategic hilltops in the West Bank and the signs for Israeli businesses like Ahava a mile from the Jordan River , let alone the Warsaw - treatment of Gaza , would seem to have destroyed the prospect for a viable Palestinian state on the leftovers of Palestine ; and without a real state that permits the self - determination of Palestinians , and some real accommodation of refugees ’ rights , Palestinians will continue to agitate , and the international solidarity movement will continue to advocate for them .
My despair springs from the fact that while I saw Arab media everywhere I went , the larger Israeli Jewish community and the American Jewish one are in denial .
They have little knowledge of what is going on , and enfolded in nationalist ideals of 100 years ago , are ill - prepared for the impending crisis .
And I ’m afraid that this hardened , self - righteous resistance to the truth– let alone to 21st century liberal values– will result in greater violence and draw in the United States .
The brightest hope I got on my trip came from young Jews .
Standing on a hillside in the Palestinian village of Al - Walaje–which is being engulfed by the Israeli idea of greater Jerusalem embodied by the fortress - like presence of the settlement called Gilo that dominated the horizon a half mile away –I met two guys from my home town , Baltimore : Josh Levey and Michael Kaplan .
Josh
They are just teenagers ; but brace yourself – they attended an all - Jewish high school and are now working in a refugee camp outside Bethlehem for three months .
As a boy , Levey told me , he yelled abuse at the anti-Zionist Jewish group Neturei Karta at pro-Israel demonstrations ; but more recently , he has countered the hasbara in his own high school with vigorous opposition .
Three months in a Palestinian refugee camp !
These boys from my home town have no mental reservations about speaking of the Palestinians as human beings .
So we are seeing a Jewish intifada at last , a shaking off of Zionism now that the ideology has sputtered out in ethnic cleansing and political prisoners and white phosphorus .
As we talked , an older American - Israeli woman , a Meretz / liberal Zionist type , who was also nobly demonstrating againt the landgrab , interrupted us to say that it is a simple matter to buy the settlers out ; why , Naomi Chazan has said that is the case .
As she talked with the boys about miraculously undoing the white stucco walls and red tile roofs of the elite settlement above us , it became clear that she regards the Jewish state as a necessity for Jews , but that somehow these young men do not .
And in a couple of months , Josh Levey and Michael Kaplan will be coming home .
Abstract
Defeasible logic is a system of reasoning in which rules have exceptions , and when rules conflict , the one that applies most specifically to the situation wins out .
This paper reports a successful application of defeasible logic to the implementation of an embedded control system .
The system was programmed in d-Prolog ( a defeasible extension of Prolog ) , and the inferences were compiled into a truth table that was encoded on a low - end PIC microcontroller .
1 Advantages of defeasible logic include conciseness and correct handling of temporal succession .
It is distinct from fuzzy logic and probabilistic logic , addressing a di#erent set of problems .
1 Defeasible logic Consider the following rules for controlling an air conditioner : ( 1 ) Run the air conditioner when the temperature is over 78 # .
( 2 ) Do not run the air conditioner when the AC line voltage is low , even if the temperature is above 78 # , unless it is also above 81 # .
( This reduces demand when the power company is ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Police say it is a " miracle " no - one was killed or injured in a car bomb explosion at Newry courthouse .
Officers were evacuating the area when the bomb went off in New Street at about 2200 GMT on Monday .
The explosion damaged the gates of the courthouse .
Dissident republicans opposed to the peace process are being blamed for the attack .
There is severe traffic disruption in Newry as the area remains cordoned off and a security operation continues .
Police Chief Inspector Sam Cordnor said : " It is only by sheer miracle that nobody was killed or injured . "
ANALYSIS Mark Simpson , BBC Ireland correspondent
The Newry bomb attack is the most serious incident involving dissident republicans in Northern Ireland since the recent political breakthrough at Hillsborough Castle .
The dissidents are making it clear they want to wreck any political progress .
Politicians at Stormont will be disappointed and disgusted at the bomb attack - but they wo n't be surprised .
Gradually in recent weeks , the dissidents have been stepping up their activities .
Since they tried to kill a Catholic police officer , Peader Heffron , in Co Antrim last month , they 've targeted three police stations in Co Armagh and now they 've exploded a bomb in Co Down .
By striking in three different counties , they are trying to increase the range and intensity of their violence .
But they still have very little support and a limited amount of weaponry .
Without that , they cannot mount a full - scale campaign .
The attack comes days after a mortar bomb was abandoned near a police station in the village of Keady , about 20 miles away .
The bomb attack is thought to be the first time a large car bomb has exploded in Northern Ireland since an attack on Stewartstown police station in 2000 .
In the last few years a number of large car bombs been have planted but have either failed to detonate or only partially detonated .
There have also been several attacks with smaller under - car bombs such as the one which almost killed a police officer in County Antrim in January .
BBC NI Home Affairs correspondent Vincent Kearney said police had been bracing themselves for some kind of response to the Hillsborough Agreement , signed just over two weeks ago .
" The fact that it has taken them so long to respond tells us something about their capabilities , " he said .
Northern Ireland Secretary Shaun Woodward said : " This is an appalling attack by a very small group of people who refuse to accept that peace is working in Northern Ireland . "
Sinn Fein MP for Newry and Armagh Conor Murphy said : " The fact that we 're in the process of devolving policing and justice powers and there 's an attack on a courthouse will not be lost on people .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" These people are trying to drag us backwards and ensure we have the British army back on the streets . "
DUP MLA William Irwin said the bomb was " a cowardly action by those who want to drag Northern Ireland back to the past " .
SDLP MLA Dominic Bradley said : " People are saying that they got enough of this sort of thing during the Provo campaign , it was wrong and senseless then and it is wrong now . "
Ulster Unionist assembly member Danny Kennedy said the bomb was " proof of a deteriorating security situation in Northern Ireland " .
" It represents a clear attack on security services and government institutions .
It shows a very worrying level of capability that these dissidents now have . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scent Type # 1 : Citrus / Green
Géranium pour Monsieur
" Stay away from straight - up lemon , which can suggest furniture polish .
Instead , try Géranium pour Monsieur , created by the excellent perfumer Dominique Ropion for Frédéric Malle .
The geranium essence is boosted by mint , giving the impression of citrus without the cleaning - product hit , plus a green that 's less lawn - mower clippings and more tender young grapevine . "
50 ml , $ 135
Next :
Three more of scent critic Chandler Burr 's favorite citrus / green colognes .
AT&T is not exactly a cutting edge tech company these days .
Aside from dragging its feet on a planned 4G network , the company is the nemesis of iPhone owners nationwide .
Dropped calls , delayed voicemails , and shoddy coverage are part and parcel with the Apple phone , and it might get worse if reports of a 3G AT&T Apple tablet prove accurate .
Is this the AT&T we were promised at the dawn of the electronics age ?
Looking at Ma Bell ’s vision from the 1990s , it ’s surprising how many of the company ’s technological predictions were dead accurate–but it ’s also surprising how many of the products the ads featured did n’t actually end up being from AT&T at all .
Sure , there ’s the read - books - from - anywhere thing , the equivalent to modern day Internet ( or Kindle ) ; but for GPS , home security , video conferencing , EZ - Pass , and ticket kiosks , they ’re all real products from other companies ( though AT&T will get Garmin ’s Nuviphone ) .
If you ’re wondering what that “ mobile fax ” device is , it ’s the EO Personal Communicator , a wireless PDA launched in 1993 and killed in 1994 after being used by a few enterprise clients like the NYSE .
It ran on the C language and had a built - in mic for wireless phone and email communications .
The most quaint prediction : the idea that the future would hold digitized health records .
[ Via Pogue ]
PARIS ( Reuters ) - A French judge has issued an arrest warrant against American rider Floyd Landis for suspected hacking into an anti-doping laboratory computer , French anti-doping agency head Pierre Bordry told Reuters Monday .
U.S. cyclist Floyd Landis waits on his bike before heading out on a training ride with his new team in Temecula , California January 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
In an interview , Bordry said the judge Thomas Cassuto believed Landis , whose 2006 Tour de France title was stripped after he failed a dope test , wanted to prove the laboratory where his samples were tested was wrong .
The president of the French anti-doping agency said it was an international warrant but a French court spokeswoman later made clear the warrant only covers French territory .
“ French judge Cassuto from the Tribunal de Grande Instance of Nanterre informed us that he had issued an international arrest warrant on January 28 against Floyd Landis , who tested positive for banned testosterone during the 2006 Tour de France , after our laboratory computer system was hacked , ” Bordry said .
“ He was summoned by the judge , he did n’t come so he ’s now under an international arrest warrant . ”
A Nanterre court spokeswoman later told Reuters : “ This document is called a simple arrest warrant .
It only applies to French territory . ”
The French anti-doping agency launched legal action against unnamed persons after they found their laboratory computer system had been hacked into in September 2006 .
Landis , the first rider to be stripped of a Tour victory , has continually denied any wrongdoing but the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) has rejected his assertion that his positive test was due to procedural mistakes by the laboratory .
Landis , 34 , said last year after his two - year ban ended that he was trying to decide whether to follow fellow - American Lance Armstrong ’s example and ride again in the Tour de France .
“ It seems that ( Landis ) made all he could to enter into our computer system to try to prove the laboratory was wrong .
He showed many documents he got by hacking to numerous sporting instances , ” Bordry said .
“ The judge traced a network of hackers back to the ringleader . ”
( Additional reporting by Nicolas Burtin )
Next - generation Linux file systems : NiLFS ( 2 ) and exofs
Advancing Linux file systems with logs and objects
Connect with Tim Tim is one of our most popular and prolific authors .
Browse all of Tim 's articles on developerWorks .
Check out Tim 's profile and connect with him , other authors , and fellow readers in My developerWorks .
There 's something both exciting and frightening about the announcement of a new Linux file system .
It 's exciting because file systems represent new territory for interesting advances .
It 's frightening because a file system in the early stages tends to be experimental and not quite ready for prime time .
But sometimes these announcements are about investments in the future of Linux , and a recent announcement for 2.6.30 - rc1 indicates a very interesting future , indeed .
In the past few quarters , Linux has had three major file system announcements .
Late 2008 brought in the B - Tree File System ( Btrfs ) , and more recently , two other unique file systems were introduced : NiLFS ( 2 ) and exofs .
File system background
Let 's start with a quick introduction to these non-traditional file system approaches , and then explore the specifics of NiLFS ( 2 ) and exofs .
Log-structured file systems
Log-structured file systems and SSDs Log - structured file systems are an ideal format for solid - state disks ( SSDs ) , which are made up of NAND flash .
The fundamental problem with flash is that it has a limited number of write and erase cycles .
Because the log writes over the entire device , it levels the writes over the device and thus minimizes erase cycles .
For this reason , log - structured file systems perform very well on SSDs ( sequential writes ) and also provide better wear - leveling .
Log -structured file systems have a rich history in modern computing systems .
The first log - structured file system was proposed by John Ousterhout and Fred Douglis in 1988 and subsequently implemented in the Sprite operating system in 1992 .
As the name implies , a log - structured file system views the file system as a circular log in which new data and file system metadata are written to the head of the log , and free space is reclaimed from the tail ( see Figure 1 ) .
This means that data may appear two or more times in the log , but as the log is chronologically advancing , the most recent data is viewed as the active data .
Having multiple copies of data in the log introduces some interesting benefits , which will be covered in more detail below .
Figure 1 .
Simple view of a log - structured file system
Although the log - structured approach is an architectural detail more than a selling point , the approach does offer some distinct advantages .
One key advantage is recovery from system crashes , which is simpler using the log- structured approach .
Another advantage is the use of the underlying storage system to exploit performance .
You might recall that writing to disks sequentially is much faster than random I/O .
As all writes occur sequentially , the seek tax is diminished , resulting in faster disk I/O and subsequently a faster file system .
Object - based storage systems
Traditional storage systems rely on disk drives and their native interfaces for persistently storing data .
These interfaces rely on block storage semantics , where small , fixed - sized blocks of data are communicated along with their mappings ( file system metadata ) .
Object storage systems take a very different approach : instead of managing fixed - size blocks , they manage variable - sized objects and associated metadata ( that provides system - level information about the object ) .
Object - storage devices and standards Object storage systems are covered under the T - 10 Object Storage Devices ( OSD ) standard .
This specification details extensions to the standard SCSI command set to support object - level management .
In addition to defining object - level access methods , the specification covers security and metadata management .
Object storage systems are a unique path to very scalable storage that incorporates multi-tenancy and security .
OSD as a standard ( see sidebar ) can be built in a number of ways .
You can use OSD - compliant components ( such as OSD drives and initiators ) or higher - level components ( target systems that build OSD behavior over traditional drives ) .
But the fundamental difference between block - based and object - based storage systems is that in block - based , you create objects from collections of blocks that contain both data and metadata using a protocol that communicates with blocks .
In object - based , you communicate instead with objects and their associated metadata ( see Figure 2 ) .
Object storage devices then become flat namespaces of objects , where hierarchy ( if necessary ) is built higher up in the storage system stack .
Figure 2 . Block - based vs object - based storage systems
This article explores one implementation of a file system over an object - based storage system .
New implementation of a log - structured file system : NiLFS( 2 )
NiLFS ( 2 ) is the second iteration of a log- structured file system developed in Japan by Nippon Telegraph and Telephone ( NTT ) .
The file system is under very active development , having recently entered the mainline Linux kernel ( in addition to the NetBSD kernel ) .
The first version of NILFS ( version 1 ) appeared in 2005 but lacked any form of garbage collection .
In mid-2007 , version 2 was first released , which included a garbage collector and the ability to create and maintain multiple snapshots .
This year ( 2009 ) , the NiLFS ( 2 ) file system entered the mainline kernel and can be enabled simply by installing its loadable module .
An interesting aspects of NiLFS ( 2 ) is its technique of continuous snap - shotting .
As NILFS is log structured , new data is written to the head of the log while old data still exists ( until it 's necessary to garbage - collect it ) .
Because the old data is there , you can step back in time to inspect epochs of the file system .
These epochs are called checkpoints in NiLFS ( 2 ) and are an integral part of the file system .
NiLFS ( 2 ) creates these checkpoints as changes are made , but you can also force a checkpoint to occur .
File systems with snapshots NiLFS ( 2 ) is one of numerous file systems that incorporate snapshot behavior .
Other file systems that include snapshots are ZFS , LFS , and Ext3cow .
As I show further down , checkpoints ( recovery points ) can be viewed as well as changed into a snapshot .
Snapshots can be mounted into the Linux file system space just like other file systems , but currently they can be read - only .
This is quite useful , as you can mount a snapshot and recover files that were previously deleted or check previous versions of files .
In addition to continuous snapshots , NiLFS ( 2 ) provides a number of other benefits .
One of the most important from an availability perspective is quick restart .
If the current checkpoint was invalid , the file system need only step back to the last good checkpoint for a valid file system .
That certainly beats the fsck process .
Challenges of NiLFS( 2 )
NiLFS ( 2 ) version and kernel This demonstration of NiLFS ( 2 ) was done in the 2.6.27 Linux kernel .
The 2.6.30 - rc1 kernel includes NiLFS ( 2 ) in the mainline , but in this case , the NILFS file system module and tools were installed from source .
See Related topics for information on how to install NiLFS ( 2 ) into your kernel .
Although continuous snapshot is a great feature , a cost is associated with it .
The upside , as I mentioned , is that it 's log structured , so writes are sequential in nature ( minimizing seek behavior of the physical disk ) and thus very fast .
The downside is that it 's log structured , and garbage collection is needed to clean up old data and metadata .
Normally , the file system operates very quickly , but when garbage collection is required , performance slows down .
Exploring NiLFS( 2 )
Let 's look at NiLFS ( 2 ) in action .
This demonstration shows how to create an NiLFS ( 2 ) file system in a loop device ( a simple method to test file systems ) , then looks at some of the NiLFS ( 2 ) features .
Start by installing the NiLFS ( 2 ) kernel module :
$ sudo modprobe nilfs2 $
Next , create a file that will contain the file system ( an area on the host operating system that you mount as its own file system through the loop device ) , then build the NiLFS ( 2 ) file system within it using mkfs ( see Listing 1 ) .
Listing 1 . Preparing the NiLFS ( 2 ) file system
$ dd if=/dev/zero of=/tmp/disk.img bs=384M count=1 1+0 records in 1+0 records out 402653184 bytes ( 403 MB ) copied , 60.7253 s , 6.6 MB/s $ mkfs.nilfs2 /tmp/disk.img mkfs.nilfs2 ver 2.0 Start writing file system initial data to the device Blocksize : 4096 Device:/tmp/disk.img Device Size:402653184
File system initialization succeeded !! $
You now have your disk image initialized with the NiLFS ( 2 ) file system format .
Next , mount the file system onto a mount point using the loop device ( see Listing 2 ) .
Note that when the file system is mounted , a user - space program called nilfs_cleanerd is also started to provide garbage collection services .
Listing 2 . Mounting NiLFS ( 2 ) using the loop device
$ sudo losetup / dev/ loop0 /tmp/ disk.img $ sudo mkdir / mnt / nilfs $ sudo mount -t nilfs2 / dev/ loop0 / mnt/ nilfs / mount.nilfs2 : WARNING ! -
The NILFS on - disk format may change at any time .
mount.nilfs2 : WARNING ! -
Do not place critical data on a NILFS filesystem .
$ ls / mnt / nilfs $
Now , add a few files to the file system , and then use the lscp command to list the current checkpoints available ( see Listing 3 ) .
You define a snapshot using the mkcp command , and then look at the checkpoints again .
At the second lscp , you can see your newly created snapshot ( with all checkpoints and snapshots having a CNO , or checkpoint number ) .
Listing 3 . Listing checkpoints and creating a snapshot
$ cd / mnt / nilfs $ sudo touch file1. txt file2.txt $ lscp CNO DATE TIME MODE FLG NBLKINC ICNT 1 2009-08-21 22:29:31 cp - 11 3 2 2009-08-21 22:36:44 cp - 11 5 $ sudo mkcp -s $ lscp CNO DATE TIME MODE FLG NBLKINC ICNT 1 2009-08-21 22:29:31 cp - 11 3 2 2009-08-21 22:36:44 ss - 11 5 3 2009-08-21 22:39:47 cp i 7 5 $
Now that you have a snapshot , add a few more files to your current file system , again with the touch command ( see Listing 4 ) .
Listing 4 . Adding a few more files to your NiLFS ( 2 ) file system
$ sudo touch file3. txt file4.txt $ ls file1.txt file2.txt file3.txt file4.txt $
Now , mount your snapshot as a read - only file system .
You do this similarly to your previous mount , but in this case , you need to specify the snapshot to mount .
You do this with the cp option .
Note from your prior lscp that your snapshot was CNO=2 .
Use this CNO for the mount command to mount the read - only file system .
Once mounted , you first ls your mounted read / write file system and see all files .
In the read - only snapshot , you see only the two files that existed at the time of the snapshot ( see Listing 5 ) .
Listing 5 . Mounting the read - only NiLFS ( 2 ) snapshot
$ sudo mkdir / mnt/ nilfs-ss2 $ sudo mount.nilfs2 -r /dev/loop0 /mnt/nilfs-ss2/ -o cp=2 $ ls /mnt/ nilfs file1.txt file2.txt file3.txt file4.txt $ ls /mnt/nilfs-ss2/ file1.txt file2.txt $
Note that these snapshots persist once converted from checkpoints .
Checkpoints can be reclaimed from the file system when space is needed , but snapshots are persistent .
This demonstration showed two of the command - line utilities for NiLFS ( 2 ) : lscp ( list checkpoints and snapshots ) and mkcp ( make checkpoint or snapshot ) .
There 's also a utility called chcp for converting a checkpoint to a snapshot or vice - versa , and rmcp to invalidate a checkpoint or snapshot .
Given the temporal nature of the file system , NTT has considered some other very innovative tools for the future — for example , tls ( temporal ls ) , tdiff ( temporal diff ) , and tgrep ( temporal grep ) .
Introducing time - based functionality seems to be the logical next step .
The Extended Object File System ( exofs )
The Extended Object File System ( exofs ) is a traditional Linux file system built over an object storage system .
Exofs was initially developed by Avishay Traeger of IBM and at that time was called the OSD file system , or osdfs .
Panasas ( a company that builds object storage systems ) has since taken over the project and renamed it exofs ( as its ancestry is from the ext2 file system ) .
A file system over an object storage system
Conceptually , an object storage system can be viewed as a flat namespace of objects and their associated metadata .
Compare this to traditional storage systems based on blocks , with metadata occupying some blocks to provide the semantic glue .
At a high level , exofs is built as shown in Figure 3 .
The Virtual File System Switch ( VFS ) provides the path to exofs , where exofs communicates with the object storage system through a local OSD initiator .
The OSD initiator implements the OSD T - 10 standard SCSI command set .
Figure 3 . High - level view of the exofs / OSD ecosystem
The idea behind exofs is to provide a traditional file system over an OSD backstore .
In this way , it 's easier to migrate to object - level storage , because the file system presented is a traditional file system .
File system mapping
Each object in an OSD is represented by a 64 - bit identifier in a flat namespace .
To overlay the standard POSIX interface onto an object storage system , a mapping is required .
Exofs provides a simple mapping that is also scalable and extensible .
Files within a file system are represented uniquely as inodes .
Exofs maps inodes to the object identifiers ( OIDs ) in the object system .
From there , objects are used to represent all the elements of the file system .
Files are mapped directly to objects , and directories are simply files that reference the files contained within the directory ( as file name and inode - OID pairs ) .
This is illustrated in simple form in Figure 4 .
Other objects exist to support things like inode bitmaps ( for inode allocation ) .
Figure 4 . High - level view of OSD representations
The OIDs used to represent objects within the object space are 64 bits in size , thereby supporting a large space of objects .
Why object storage ?
Object storage is an interesting idea and makes for a much more scalable system .
It removes portions of the file system from the host and pushes them into the storage subsystem .
There are trade - offs here , but by distributing portions of the file system to multiple endpoints , you distribute the workload , making the object - based method simpler to scale to much larger storage systems .
Rather than the host operating system needing to worry about block - to - file mapping , the storage device itself provides this mapping , allowing the host to operate at the file level .
Object storage systems also provide the ability to query the available metadata .
This provides some additional advantages , because the search capability can be distributed to the endpoint object systems .
Object storage has made a comeback recently in the area of cloud storage .
Cloud storage providers ( which sell storage as a service ) represent their storage as objects instead of the traditional block API .
These providers implement APIs for object transfer , management , and metadata management .
What 's ahead ?
Although NiLFS ( 2 ) and exofs will be interesting and useful additions to the Linux file system inventory , there 's more on the way .
We 've seen Btrfs introduced recently ( from Oracle ) , which offers a Linux alternative to Sun Microsystems ' Zettabyte File System ( ZFS ) .
Another recent file system is Ceph , which provides a reliable POSIX - based distributed file system with no single point of failure .
Today , we find a new log - structured file system and the introduction of a file system over an object store .
Linux continues to prove that it's the research platform of choice as well as an enterprise - class operating system .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
MADISON , AL - In a 6 - 1 vote Monday night , the Madison City Council passed a resolution requesting legislative authorization for a special election to increase the city 's ad valorem tax by an additional 8 mills to provide money to build a second high school .
The election would be limited to Madison residents if it is passed by the State Legislature .
A packed council chambers heard from more than a dozen people , most opposing the resolution .
" I 'm just tired of being taxed , " said Madison business owner John Cunningham .
" Over half of everything I make is taxed .
It 's hitting me twice .
We have great schools and we want to keep it that way , but we do n't control growth and that what is driving all the other issues such as roads , drainage and schools . "
One resident , Bob Lee , said if the resolution passes , " There 's going to be another tea party .
It 's just not going to fly . "
Several residents asked the council to hold off on the vote until they could have more information on the property tax referendum .
But Madison Mayor Paul Finley said he had heard from many other people who were n't in attendance but favor raising property taxes over the half - cent sales tax that went into effect in January .
" I was a little surprised ( at the opposition ) , " said Finley .
" What will be critical is the information on what 's in place now with the sales tax and what would take place for the property tax to be voted on .
We will do everything we can to get the proper information out before Madison residents vote on the bill . "
Some who spoke questioned the wisdom of moving forward with a resolution with the economy in such bad shape .
Council president Bill Holtzclaw said he " fundamentally can't stay in the way of people having the right to vote . "
Madison School Superintendent Dee Fowler agreed .
" This is giving the people the opportunity to vote , " said Fowler .
" It will allow us to continue education with the operating cost at the current level we are operating the school system . "
School board president Ray White said this was just " the next step in the process . "
The council will now take the resolution to local legislators to see if the special election will get on the ballot this fall .
Council member Tim Cowles cast the lone dissenting vote , although he said he had planned to vote for the resolution until he learned that it can't include the sunset clause , which would take away the half - cent sales tax if the property tax is passed .
" Not being able to have the sunset clause really bothered me , " said Cowles .
" I did n't want to vote for a tax in perpetuity .
I do n't want 16 years from now the council saying they did n't vote to rescind it ( sales tax ) . "
Ever since a host for C - Span 's " Washington Journal " allowed an obviously bigoted caller to discuss how America was " jewed " into Iraq , I 've been trying to get an interview with C - Span 's vice - president for programming , Terry Murphy .
I want to talk with him about the network 's call - in policies , but so far it 's a stone wall .
C - Span 's spokesman , Howard Mortman , eventually e-mailed me the following statement in response to my requests :
The call - in program has been a fixture of the C - SPAN networks for nearly all of our three decades .
Our mission statement commits us to providing the audience with " direct access " to our guests on an " open basis " .
The live , town - hall format of the program can occasionally give rise to distasteful statements by callers making it to air , and the January 4 call is an example .
We air approximately 400 calls per week and this kind of language is not typical of the vast majority .
Program hosts , whose role is to facilitate the dialogue between callers and guests , are certainly permitted to step in when a caller makes ad hominem attacks or uses obscenity or obviously racist language .
Given that this involves quick judgment during a live television production , it 's an imperfect process that did n't work as well as it should have that day .
I wrote Mortman back , telling him his statement leaves unanswered various questions , most notably , Why does this seem to happen with such frequency on his network ?
And I asked again for an interview with Terry Murphy or another senior executive .
Mortman wrote back : " Jeff -- we 're letting the statement speak for itself . "
But the statement does n't speak for itself .
Yes , it speaks to C - Span 's willingness to pin the blame for public screw - ups on a single employee , but this was not Scanlan 's fault , because this was not a one - off event .
C - Span's " Washington Journal " is inundated with anti-Semitic and racist callers , and most hosts are similarly robotic in their responses to these bigots .
So there is obviously a deep problem here , one that should be addressed publicly .
But Terry Murphy -- who is in charge of programming for a network created to hold government officials accountable and to make transparent what was previously opaque , wo n't even get on the phone to answer questions .
A journalist , in other words , who wo n't answer questions !
Not a great precedent .
( This , by the way , is a bit of a theme this week -- see this Andrew Sullivan post on getting John Heilemann and Mark Halperin to explain their reporting methods for Game Change . )
Just three weeks ago , the United States Supreme Court ended a ban on corporate spending in political elections , drawing intense criticism for the ruling ’s potential to erode the democratic process .
This week , a group that includes some of the wealthiest Republican CEOs on Wall Street have formed a group to take advantage of new fundraising possibilities for the GOP .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Supreme Court ruling could potentially allow the group , called the American Action Network , to take unlimited contributions from corporations for use in political campaigns .
“ This administration as well as Citizens United [ the Supreme Court ruling ] — when you combine the two the prospects for funding these types of efforts are greatly enhanced , ” said Norm Coleman , one of the group ’s organizers .
Coleman called the group an “ action tank ” or a “ think - and - do tank . ”
Members of the groups include :
Kenneth Langone , a former director of the New York Stock Exchange who defended a $ 139.5 million bonus in 2004 and has been sued for “ extortion , defamation , fraudulent misrepresentation . ”
Robert K. Steele , a former CEO of Goldman Sachs , helped Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson make his former bank one of the biggest beneficiaries of the $ 700 billion bailout .
ADVERTISEMENT
Norm Coleman , who supported President Bush ’s 2005 bankruptcy bill .
Ed Gillespie , whose lobbying firm represents Enron , Citibank , Bank of America , Zurich Financial , and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
According to the New York Times , the group also includes :
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Republicans who are donors , board members or both include Haley Barbour , the governor of Mississippi ; Jeb Bush , former governor of Florida ; Mr. Barbour a former chairman of the Republican Party ; Fred Malek , an investor and official in the Nixon and first Bush administrations . ”
During his State of the Union address , President Obama looked at the Supreme Court justices sitting before him and said , “ With all due deference to the separation of powers , the Supreme Court reversed a century of law to open the floodgates for special interests — including foreign corporations — to spend without limit in our elections . ”
Brad DeLong and Felix Salmon both point to evidence that the Murdoch effect is degrading the Journal ’s news coverage .
Indeed .
Frankly , there was a time when I thought the Journal was better on business / economic news than the Times .
But no longer ; and it ’s not just things like referring to the estate tax as the “ death tax ” in news stories .
Overall , coverage is getting cruder , with more tendency to report opinions as if they were news , and substitute prejudices for real analysis .
And this bad news is good news .
There ’s a pretty good chance that we will end up with only one great national newspaper .
And I know which paper that should be …
Update : I suppose I should explain that a single national paper is n’t what I want — but it ’s the way things seem to be going , so it matters who ends up as the last paper standing .
Every couple of years , a big charity gets in trouble for paying out big monies to executives or cronies .
This time it's two German charities , Treberhilfe and Hatun & Can , being dipped in some boiling water not because of money their executives made , but money they spent .
On a Maserati and a Land Rover , to be precise .
When it was discovered that Treberhilfe 's director drives a Maserati company car , Harald Ehlert said that it's " a car for a gentleman " and that he had to make a good impression on donors .
On that latter point , well , he might have a point ; as they say in LA , you can't sell million - dollar homes in a Pontiac .
And even the director of the Salvation Army makes nearly $ 200,000 per year .
None of that has quelled the baying , although we do find it intriguing that Ehlert 's 3 - year - old car was only discovered because of a court dispute about a speeding ticket
The leadership at Hatun & Can , a women 's aid group , has not only been called out by donors but is being investigated by the German police for fraud and embezzlement .
In this case it is unclear what the financial shenanigans entail , but a Land Rover has been confiscated from the charity 's fleet and the non -profit 's bank accounts have been frozen .
If you happen to be the head of an aid group and you 've had your eye on a 911 for a spell , one word for you : do n't .
[ Source : Deutsche Welle
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
In the closing weeks of 1964 , the US Central Intelligence Agency was gripped by anxiety in the wake of troubling news .
On October 16th , a great mushroom cloud had been spotted towering over the remote Chinese missile - testing range at Lop Nur .
All evidence had indicated that Chinese scientists were at least a year away from squeezing the destructive secrets from the mighty atom , but this bombshell underscored the agency ’s dangerously feeble espionage efforts in the Far East .
Details regarding the twenty - two kiloton device were scarce , but the US regarded the development as an unwelcome wrinkle in the already precarious Cold War .
Officials from India were also distressed , having felt the business end of China ’s military during a recent border dispute .
In the interest of self - preservation , the two nations made a secret pact to combine their China - watching efforts .
Photo reconnaissance satellites were still too primitive for practical spying , and high - flying surveillance planes were too conspicuous , but there was one alternative vantage point .
The intelligence agencies hatched a nefarious scheme to keep a sharp eye on China ’s weapons tests from atop India ’s Nanda Devi , one of the tallest mountains of the imposing Himalayan mountain range .
It offered an unobstructed view of China ’s distant test site , assuming one could manage to hoist a sufficiently powerful electronic eye to its summit .
Several months after the Chinese nuclear test , a young doctor at the University of Washington Hospital in Seattle was doing his rounds when he heard his name paged over the intercom .
Upon his arrival at the front lobby , he was confronted by an sinister - looking man clad in dark glasses and a trench coat .
The peak of Nanda Devi
“ Robert Schaller ? ”
The enigmatic visitor pulled back the flap of his coat to reveal something inside .
Jutting from an inner pocket was an airline ticket .
“ How would you like to go to the Himalayas ? ” the man inquired .
The CIA , he explained , was seeking a physician with experience in electronics and mountain - climbing , a combination of requirements which produced relatively few candidates .
Schaller satisfied all of the criteria , having become obsessed with climbing over the previous few years .
In exchange for his service and silence , the agency offered $ 1,000 per month ; a considerable stipend at the time .
Unable to resist the generous salary , the once - in - a - lifetime mountaineering opportunity , and the prospect of patriotic employment , he hastily agreed .
His training was scheduled to begin almost immediately .
Over time Dr. Schaller ’s colleagues at the hospital grew curious regarding his recent rash of conspicuous absences .
He often returned having lost a few pounds and gained a few injuries , but when pressed for an explanation he was evasive .
His official cover story was that he was being trained as a scientist - astronaut , but he declined to elaborate .
The true nature of his outings was a closely guarded secret , withheld even from his own family .
Each training mission began by venturing into a canvas tunnel which led to an airplane with blacked - out windows .
Often Schaller traveled with an assortment of citizen - spy companions , including Tom Frost , a climber famed for his Yosemite exploits ; and expedition leader Captain Mohan Singh Kohli , a mountaineer renowned for his Everest expeditions .
Many of the others were unfamiliar to Schaller , but he reasoned that they were scientists or professors , considering their knowledge of nuclear technology .
Over a period of months he and the other operatives became acquainted with the subtleties of leaping from helicopters , demolishing targets with plastic explosives , and handling the experimental atomic - powered hardware which was developed specifically for their mission .
Also , to prepare for the climb ahead , the men were required to repeatedly drag the equipment up the formidable cliffs of Alaska .
A personnel helicopter moving men to the Sanctuary
In the fall of 1965 , a year after the first Chinese nuclear bomb test , the crew of clandestine climbers assembled at the Sanctuary , a natural fortress of Himalayan mountain peaks which surrounded their objective : Nanda Devi .
Previously only six souls had managed to summit the 25,000 - foot behemoth⁠ — known by the locals as “ the Goddess ” ⁠ — and of those six only three had survived the dangerous descent .
Captain Kohli and his crew anticipated an even more complicated climb owing to the heavy surveillance package they were required to heft up the mountain with them .
But nonetheless Schaller and his mountaineering compatriots were eager to embark on the historic ascent .
Together the dozen climbers and Sherpas slowly scaled the side of the Goddess .
By day the extra equipment hindered their upward progress , but by night the atomic contraption provided a pocket of warmth for the adventurers .
Nestled within the forty - pound generator was sufficient plutonium to power the surveillance package for a thousand years , thereby providing the US and India with uninterrupted observation of Chinese nuclear bombs and Inter - Continental Ballistic Missile ( ICBM ) tests .
For several days the crew clambered up the face of Nanda Devi as Dr. Schaller cataloged the journey with his camera and diaries .
The gaggle of makeshift secret agents crossed the crevasse - riddled glaciers with the help of steel - spiked shoes and ice axes , gradually making their way to High Camp⁠ — the last stop before the summit .
The Goddess ’ perilous peak stood a mere 1,000 feet above them .
But as the team settled in , the sky around Nanda Devi grew dark and restless .
The frigid air mingled with moisture , and the stew swiftly thickened into a surly autumn blizzard .
Faced with the threat of being whisked away by the atmospheric tantrum , expedition leader Captain Kohli concluded that the team must turn back , postponing the mission until the spring climbing season .
Kohli ordered that the surveillance package be lashed to the mountainside , much to the surprise and chagrin of his fellow climbers .
He reasoned that the team could reacquire the equipment on the next ascent rather than hauling it up the mountain again .
The team secured the antenna , two transceiver sets , and nuclear generator on a rocky outcropping , then hastily fled from the detestable weather .
Dr. Schaller on Nanda Devi
The team returned the following spring , planning to retrieve their nuclear parcel and tote it the remaining distance to the mountain top .
When they reached High Camp , Dr. Schaller and his comrades sought out the crag which had cradled their abandoned equipment throughout the winter .
Their stash , however , was nowhere to be seen .
A quick survey of the scene suggested that the stone ledge had been sheared from the mountainside by an avalanche , presumably embedding the generator and its seven cigar - shaped plutonium rods deep into the ice fields below .
Met with this alarming discovery , the CIA operatives presumably embedded their breakfasts into their pants .
No one could be certain what would become of the core in the glacier ’s clutches , but there was cause for great concern .
There were two equally alarming prospects : the nuclear fuel might fall into the wrong hands , leading to any number of diabolical designs ; or the slab of migrating ice might slowly grind the plutonium into a paste and deposit it into the Sanctuary melt waters , shuttling the four pounds of radioactive material into the vital Ganges River .
For the next two years , the CIA sent scores of Geiger - counter - carrying climbers and specially - outfitted helicopters to comb the ice fields for any trace of the powerplant .
Meanwhile , Schaller and his team scaled a neighboring mountain and successfully installed a similar explosion - observing , missile - monitoring apparatus .
They then joined the search efforts to locate the misplaced plutonium , but aside from a few Geiger - counter clicks , there was not a trace to be found .
The prolonged search did , however , afford Schaller the opportunity to finally summit the elusive Nanda Devi ; he stole away from High Camp during the pre-dawn hours for an unauthorized climb .
Ever the documentarian , Schaller snapped a photo of himself at the summit for posterity .
As the final Himalayan expedition drew to a close , the team ’s official government operative asked to borrow Schaller ’s photographs and journals to help him file the mission report .
Dr. Schaller happily complied , but after several months the documents remained unreturned .
His subsequent requests for the materials were rebuffed , the CIA citing the need for security .
Additionally , the doctor was awarded the Intelligence Medal of Merit for his contributions , but the two agents who presented the medal in a private ceremony were not allowed to leave the medal with him .
Even today , decades after the espionage operations , Schaller ’s requests for his documents are met with letters stating that “ the CIA can neither confirm nor deny the existence or non-existence of records responsive to your request . ”
A Chinese soldier and his horse prepare to participate in exercises during a nuclear test
Dr. Schaller ’s marriage , strained by the secrecy of the covert missions , finally collapsed after thirteen years .
But he went on to establish himself as a brilliant pediatric surgeon at a Children ’s hospital in Seattle .
He remained silent regarding the clandestine climbing operations until 2005 , when the expedition leader Captain Kohli released a book detailing their shared Himalayan adventures .
To the best of Dr. Schaller ’s knowledge , the Central Intelligence Agency never managed to reacquire their missing nuclear appliance .
But a water sample from the Sanctuary in 2005 showed troubling hints of plutonium - 239 , an isotope which does not occur naturally .
Years , decades , or centuries from now , the corpse of the rogue generator may yet rise from its icy grave and exact a radioactive revenge upon humanity .
However , the CIA can neither confirm nor deny the existence or non-existence of a disaster approximating the aforementioned depiction .
When I came home today , a rather big box from my first Secret Santa was waiting for me in the hallway .
The return address was somewhere in San Francisco but no name or user name on it .
I knew that this was from someone in the " in crowd " , because kickme 444 had told me that I was the only one he had to rematch early on because my original Santa had been banned .
Of course , he would n't divulge who the new Santa was , and boy , what a surprise I was in for !
When I opened up the box , there were two packages wrapped in pristine white printer paper decorated with the nicest letter to me .
Two signatures on it , one from tia -marie , one from ketralnis .
Double WOW !!!
I took some pictures of the wrapping / lovely letter first and then showed the package to my wife .
She had this funny look on her face about some woman sending me presents but when she saw the box for " mini- sunkid " , she smiled .
Of course , I would have to decide which one of the four mini-sunkids was to have this one .
We opened the mini-me box first : Harry Potter Clue !
That made the choice a little easier and I will post some pictures of # 1 and # 2 with it tomorrow .
How fun !
Both of them love board games and Harry Potter ( so does # 3 , but she is just starting to learn how to read ) .
The highlight though was the second box I opened .
A genuine Marshmallow Blaster !!!
The little boy in me jumped for joy .
Funnily , my wife , at this point still in a good mood , pointed out immediately that this was one of the most sought - after presents this season .
How did I miss that ???
Off I went to the cupboard to fetch one of them white fluffy things left over from the last camping trip .
They do fly 40 ft .
indeed ... well , unless there is an obstacle in the way ... like , say , my wife .
After I am done typing this up , I will have to make some amends or it's the couch for me , I am afraid .
For any other Marshmallow Blasters out there : use fresh and fluffy ones , not stale and hard ones .
They sting !
Thank you , thank you , thank you !
I can see how ketralnis would want one of these !
You probably do n't want him to have one though . ;)
Now where was that cat ???
Muahahahahahaha !
tl ; dr : awesome Marshmallow Blaster and Harry Potter Clue game from tia-marie and ketralnis .
Ocean Energy , a specialised commercial company developing wave energy technology based in Cobh , Co Cork , has signed a major deal with Dresser - Rand , a global supplier of high - speed rotating equipment and service solutions .
The agreement is expected to significantly develop wave energy in Ireland , and Ocean Energy CEO John McCarthy is confident the deal will lead to the creation of thousands of jobs here .
Established in 2000 , Ocean Energy currently employs six people and in November began its first funding round , hoping to raise € 20 million .
It has already received € 700,000 from Sustainable Energy Ireland .
In August , the company successfully completed more than two and half years of testing on its OE Buoy technology off the Galway coast , and says it is now at the stage where it is the most commercially viable technology for harnessing the power of the oceans .
US multinational Dresser - Rand currently employs more than 6,000 staff worldwide and is among the largest suppliers of rotating equipment solutions to the worldwide oil , gas , petrochemical , and process industries .
The company operates manufacturing facilities in the US , France , United Kingdom , Germany , Norway , India , and China , and maintains a network of 36 service and support centres covering more than 140 countries .
By Deirdre Nolan
Photo : Ocean Energy has signed a deal with Dresser - Rand , which is expected to significantly develop wave energy in Ireland
The leaders of Israel and Palestine , Binyamin Netanyahu and Mahmoud Abbas , are trying , separately , to contain a week - long wave of riots in West Bank cities that threatens to turn into a new Palestinian uprising .
Yet the two men themselves ignited the religious passions that fuel this latest violence .
And , while they now seek to control the flames , they are both still feeding them with disingenuous , incendiary statements , instead of putting them out .
Mr Netanyahu bears the primary responsibility .
On February 21st he announced that the Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron and the Tomb of Rachel in Bethlehem would be listed among some 150 national heritage sites that his government proposes to refurbish .
What to Jews is the Tomb of the Patriarchs , the Biblical burial place of Abraham , Isaac and Jacob and their wives , is to Muslims the Ibrahimi Mosque , a hallowed place of worship — Muslims venerate Abraham , too — for more than 1,000 years .
The shrine , heavily guarded by the Israeli army , has for years been a flashpoint of strife between Hebron 's 160,000 - strong Muslim citizens and the few hundred Jewish settlers who have made their homes near the tomb .
Even the American State Department , usually loth to castigate Israel , called Mr Netanyahu 's decision provocative and unhelpful .
Mr Abbas put his oar in by accusing Mr Netanyahu of inciting “ religious war ” .
This statement was seen by youngsters on the West Bank — as he must have known it would — as a signal to take to the streets .
Ismail Haniyeh , Hamas 's Gaza - based prime minister , called on West Bankers to rise up in a new intifada .
Mr Netanyahu made matters worse by accusing Mr Abbas of stirring things up with “ lies and hypocrisy ” .
The disingenuousness of his own position — he loudly proclaimed Israel 's respect for freedom of worship — was made manifest when he admitted that the shrines in Hebron and Bethlehem had not been on his original list of heritage sites but were added after pressure from his religious coalition partners .
Precedents are not encouraging .
Mr Netanyahu has to his discredit violence that killed 14 Israelis and 56 Palestinians in September 1996 when , as prime minister , he permitted the opening of an underground tunnel running alongside the Western Wall , beneath the Old City of Jerusalem .
Palestinian leaders further agitated things by repeating the story that the tunnel runs under the Haram al Sharif , or Temple Mount , another perennial flashpoint of religious tension .
Ariel Sharon 's provocative visit to that site in September 2000 , and even more the lethal means employed by Israeli police in putting down the rioting that followed , triggered the al - Aqsa intifada which claimed thousands of lives .
Current combustibles are similarly ominous .
In East Jerusalem , encouraged by the city 's ultra-nationalist mayor , Nir Barkat , a group of religious Jewish settlers have been strong - arming their way into the Palestinian suburb of Sheikh Jarrah .
Other settlers have made their homes in Silwan , another Palestinian area .
Many of them are involved in a vast archaeological dig nearby that has unearthed impressive remains from the time of the Bible .
Archaeology , history , religion and politics all rub up dangerously against each other here .
The Israelis seek to prove that David and Solomon and the other ancient Israelites were historical figures and not mere legend .
The Palestinians accuse them of sifting out non-Israelite strata of ancient Jerusalem civilisations , and of digging as a way of extirpating present - day Palestinians from their homes .
In both of these Palestinian suburbs , the Jewish settlers can provide documents showing the houses they live in belonged to Jews before 1948 , when Israel was founded and the city divided between the Jewish state and Jordan .
But that jurisprudence is double - edged because Palestinians can show claim to many homes in West Jerusalem .
More importantly , the forcible infiltration of Palestinian areas of the city makes — as is presumably intended — any prospect of a peaceable partition of Jerusalem less likely .
Red and Crimson Dye ( Carmine ) Derived from Cochineal Insects
The Cochineal insect is a small parasitic sap - loving insect that feeds primarily upon the sap of certain cacti .
These insects are sessile which means they are unable to move about .
The live as a bump or pearl upon the plant ( also called a scale . )
These insects and their related cousins live in different location around the globe , from South America and Mexico to Eurasia .
A type of Cochineal insect can be found in Poland and was the source of the coveted crimson red fabric dye , but the introduction of Mexican cochineal in the 16th century made harvesting the local variety not as lucrative due to the labor intensive harvesting required .
A great many insects must be processed to produce any useful amount of the highly prized red dye extract .
It requires about 70,000 or more dried cochineal insects to produce just one pound of dye .
The insect as a defense against predation produces carminic acid which is the substance extracted and mixed with either aluminum or calcium salts to produce cochineal ( carmine dye . )
Carmine is still used today for food coloring and in some cosmetics although other sources have replaced its use .
Because of sensitive skin and allergic reaction concerns to some modern and synthetic ingredients in cosmetics and food coloring , research is reexamining the use of insect - derived carmine as a potential non-allergic non-irritant colorant again .
In the past , other uses of the crimson dye were for coloring fibers ( yucca , woolen and other animal fibre , etc. ) that would later be woven into rugs , made into other textiles , and for painting and decoration of household items like pottery .
The cochineal dye set more firmly and brilliantly to fibres than other dyes then in use , which added to its allure .
There are main forms of Cochineal dye ; the cochineal extract which is a coloring agent made directly from the dried and pulverized bodies of harvest insect , and carmine which is modified Cochineal dye .
The latter is boiled in either ammonia or a solution of sodium carbonate and filtered .
Alum is added which causes red aluminum salts to precipitate out of solution .
Various other shades of color can be derived from carmine by the addition of various acids or alkalies .
Colors such as orange , scarlet and purple can be created by tweaking the various ingredients added in different stages of the process of refining .
Purple is especially coveted by royalty of the times for its rarity .
( image source )
Mexico was the major producer of this dye by the labor of the Oaxaca natives and this became the second most valuable Mexican export after silver .
Demand for this product increased and it was after the conquest of the Aztec Empire by Spain that the product was traded openly as a commodity .
It became so valuable and highly sought that the dye was even listed on both the London and Amsterdam Commodity Exchange based upon demand and supply .
The British ' Red Coat ' Color is Derived of the Cochineal Insect Dye .
( image source )
The Cochineal Insects
( image source )
Although these sessile insects look like little pearly - white dots attached to the cactus pad , the insects themselves are of a dark purple color .
The nymphs exude a white waxy substance ( scale ) which acts as a protection from the hot sunlight as well and perhaps mainly to prevent water - loss , and it affixes them to the cactus pad itself except where their pincher - like mouths bite into and drink the juices of the host cactus .
The hatched nymphs feed upon the sap and juices of the cactus until maturity , and the males upon maturity lose the ability to feed and they die short after mating .
Typically , only the females are ever seen due to this and probably other factors that favor the female which greatly outnumber the male .
The females do n't even have wings .
Only the males have wings , and are much smaller than the female .
Attempts in the late 1700s to farm the Cochineal insects in Australia failed , but the cactus that was also imported as their host flourished and eventually overran parts of eastern Australia .
In turn , these invasive floras were brought under control by the introduction of yet another non-native species , the South American Moth Cactoblastis cactorum .
As you might guess from the suggestive Latin nomenclature , they ( the larvae ) eat cactus .
Cochineal dyes although natural do have contraindications ; some people have had allergic reactions to this colorant which is labeled as E120 on the products ingredients .
Cochineal dye and extract has been shown to cause mild hives , asthma in some people to greater dangers such as atrial fibrillation , anaphylactic shock in a very small number of people .
Vegetarian and Vegan consumers do not use products that contain cochineal dye because of the harm ( death ) to the insects in order to produce the product .
Some religious sects declare cochineal dye forbidden as well , while other religious groups such as the Jewish religion consider it allowed because the insect in reduced to a powder to extract the necessary color .
This is deemed not to be the same as consuming or using the insect directly , an act which would be considered to be non-Kosher ( unclean . )
Use of carmine colorant is extensive .
It can be found in alcoholic drinks in the form of calcium carmine , it is in meat and sausages ( only if so labeled in the U.S can meats legally have colorants added , ) marinades , pie filling colorant , jams , gelatin , and some dairy products such as some forms of cheeses , cookies and cake mixes , more .
Starbuck 's Coffee recently was shown to be using Chocineal Red Dye in their Strawberry Flavored Frappuccino drinks .
According to source , Coca - Cola revealed in 2009 that the colorant natural dye carmine is obtained from dried cochineal source .
Yes , the color used comes from cochineal insects .
No Cochineal Insects were harmed in the writing of the article
get involved !
– Go to https://diamondclub.tv/
– Click on the CHATREALM link on the upper right hand side – Join # cc2c
If you have trouble hit us up on our twitter account at https://twitter.com/comicsc2c
The Read more …
Quand on fait ses débuts en deux roues , on fantasme d’abord sur la bécane , et le sentiment de liberté prodigué par les échappées solitaires ou groupées , en moto .
On ne pense à l’équipement que bien après , même si c’est ce que l’on achète en premier et ce qui nous accompagnera pour longtemps , dans la vie de motard .
C’est aussi bien - sûr le plus important compte tenu des réglementations et de la sécurité .
Ce petit guide vous aide à bien choisir votre équipement de départ ,
Google 's row with China is significant not as a sign that Beijing wants to exert control over the internet , but as proof that it can .
The announcement that the search engine will end its voluntary implementation of Chinese censorship law is not purely an assertion of principle .
It is a recognition of an important commercial reality : the web is not exempt from the laws of global politics .
If you want to do business with bullying states , prepare to be bullied .
Google has not said it is definitely pulling out , only that it will not continue to operate in China as a collaborator with political oppression .
That pretty much amounts to an intention to withdraw .
This does not mean that Google is cynically presenting commercial retreat as free - speech martyrdom .
By all accounts , the company 's top executives genuinely agonised over the decision in 2006 to accept Chinese censorship as a condition of market access .
Google takes seriously its founding principle – " Do n't be evil " – even if outsiders are sceptical .
The 2006 decision was informed , or at least justified , by a theoretical belief in the power of the web to shrug off efforts at state control .
This was not just the Google view .
Most media companies seeking access to the Chinese market have wrapped their business interests in a moral argument about information as a liberalising force .
The idea was that even a limited taste of western - style media would create an appetite for openness that oppressive states would be unable to contain .
Information technology was supposed to be the Trojan horse inside brutal regimes .
The belief was that freedom was programmed into the digital age .
Individual expression was meant to be unstoppable .
That optimism was invoked when camera phones were used in 2007 to expose Burma 's junta crushing pro-democracy protests ; or last year , when Iranian demonstrators posted their anti-regime activism on Twitter .
For a company such as Google , the cult of web freedom synched neatly with neo-liberal economics , which was orthodoxy for US business until the financial crisis began in 2008 .
This posited , among other things , that free markets and repressive government are mutually exclusive .
The theory was that capitalist reform generates a wealthy middle class that then demands political reform in order to protect its assets .
Property rights lead to human rights .
So it is OK to invest in repressive countries because the act of investment is a kind of lobbying for freedom .
But this idealistic theory has been disproved by the two biggest case studies : Russia and China .
In both , the growth of capitalism and the penetration of new digital technologies have coincided with a consolidation of authoritarian government .
Moscow and Beijing have proved that a newly rich , digitally equipped middle class will accept political repression as the price for economic security and social stability .
Meanwhile , despite mobile phones , Burma is still under military rule .
And if the Iranian opposition topples the mullahs , social networking sites will get , at most , a passing nod of appreciation for their role .
Technology is only ever a tool .
Its relationship with power is morally neutral .
It can be used to subvert repressive authority or to reinforce it .
For every heroic blogger who defies a despot , there is a state hacker bringing down servers or stealing secrets from human rights activists .
Freedom is not hard - wired into the net .
That is the lesson that Google has learned and it comes as a shock to the whole digital culture .
This is the web 's Berlin Wall moment .
For all that it seems cruel and , in the long term , self - defeating , if the Chinese government really wants to cut its people off from the free web , it can .
It will .
Whatever the aspiration not to " be evil " , Google , in this game , is just a search engine .
A FIENDISH Playbuzz puzzle asks users to spot which number is missing from a sequence going from one to 49 .
It 's fairly straightforward but can you do it in THREE SECONDS ?
The aim of the game is to spot the missing digits as quickly as you possibly can - without having to count through the numbers .
So , how quickly can you spot it ?
RELATED STORIES SPOT THE DOG
Meet the hilarious pets who have mastered the art of disguise by camouflaging themselves perfectly against their surroundings TAKE A GOOD GANDER
Only one in eight people can spot the fox hiding among the geese in this tricky optical illusion
My typo girl Can you spot what ’s wrong with this cover ?
Magazine makes HUGE clanger with this embarrassing mistake Quiz Give it a shot Can YOU spot the assassin hiding in this vintage illustration in under five seconds ?
SEEING DOUBLE
Can you spot the cleverly concealed objects in these images ?
Scientists say only introverts will be able to
If that has whet your appetite for quizzes , why not find out if your colour vision is top notch too ?
Only people with superior colour vision can pass this new test so if you think you have exceptional eyesight give it a go and see if you can get top marks .
The recent Playbuzz quiz comes a few months after these picture challenges that ask you to select the darkest shade .
Thirteen , it turns out , is a lucky number for AMD — that 's how many quarters it has been since the company last turned a profit .
And this quarter , thanks to a combination of the sizable Intel settlement and a major rebound in the PC market , the struggling chipmaker is finally , at long last , back in the black .
AMD 's revenue jumped 42 percent year - over - year to $ 1.626 billion , handily beating Intel 's ( also impressive ) 28 percent jump .
The chipmaker 's quarterly profit , $ 1.288 billion , is mostly thanks to the $ 1.224 settlement with Intel .
" We enter 2010 having completed the transition to a fabless business model , reached a historic antitrust settlement , and made significant progress strengthening our balance sheet , " Dirk Meyer , AMD president and CEO , said in a statement .
" Our innovative strategy for designing the world 's most vivid digital experiences continues to generate demand . "
The entire computer industry was betting on the end of 2009 and the Windows 7 launch to restart the long - delayed upgrade cycle , and that bet appears to have paid off .
AMD also successfully launched its new ATI GPU line this past year , putting it comfortably alone at the top of the graphics heap .
NVIDIA , meanwhile , continues to delay the launch of its competing part , leaving ATI to rule the roost all by itself .
The bug dates from the days of Windows NT 3.1 A 17 - year - old bug in Windows will be patched by Microsoft in its latest security update .
The February update for Windows will close the loophole that dates from the time of the DOS operating system .
First appearing in Windows NT 3.1 , the vulnerability has been carried over into almost every version of Windows that has appeared since .
The monthly security update will also tackle a further 25 holes in Windows , five of which are rated as " critical " .
Home hijack
The ancient bug was discovered by Google security researcher Tavis Ormandy in January 2010 and involves a utility that allows newer versions of Windows to run very old programs .
Mr Ormandy has found a way to exploit this utility in Windows XP , Windows Server 2003 and 2008 as well as Windows Vista and Windows 7 .
The patch for this vulnerability will appear in the February security update .
Five of the vulnerabilities being patched at the same time allow attackers to effectively hijack a Windows PC and run their own programs on it .
STAYING SAFE ONLINE
Use security software that can tackle viruses and spyware Use a firewall Apply operating system updates as soon as they become available
Be suspicious of unsolicited e-mails bearing attachments
Keep your browser up to date
As well as fixing holes in many versions of Windows , the update also tackles bugs in Office XP , Office 2003 and Office 2004 for Apple Macintosh machines .
The bumper update is not the largest that Microsoft has ever released .
The security update for October 2009 tackled a total of 34 vulnerabilities .
Eight of those updates were rated as critical - the highest level .
In January 2010 , Microsoft released an " out of band " patch for a serious vulnerability in Internet Explorer that was being exploited online .
The vulnerability was also thought to be the one used to attack Google in China .
Following the attack on Google , many other cyber criminals started seeking ways to exploit the loophole .
Also this week , a security researcher has reported the discovery of a vulnerability in Internet Explorer that allows attackers to view the files held on a victim 's machine .
Microsoft has issued a security bulletin about the problem and aims to tackle it at a future date .
At the moment there is no evidence that this latest find is being actively exploited online .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1 . The state of the Republican Party is :
13 % Great .
Things were tough , but we 're back and as strong as the Democrats in most parts of the country .
61 % Solid .
We 're a unified party and we 've got a few image problems that we could work on , but our fundamental beliefs are as strong and relevant as ever .
22 % Shaky .
It 's not just image problems — we 're losing ground with key constituencies ( Hispanics , women , younger voters ) , and we need to make some adjustments to the party platform .
4 % Terrible .
We 've got problems with the party — big ones — and we need to have a major reassessment of what we should stand for in the twenty - first century .
Blizzard made their appearance known at G - Star 2009 convention this year by showing their upcoming ’ 10 ’ year in the making sequel ‘ StarCraft 2 ’ in action .
The G - Star convention was held in Busan in South Korea this year and what better way for Blizzard to hype up their game even more by showing a playable version of ‘ StarCraft 2 ’ .
The videos you are about to see are a bit rough on the quality side , since someone was brave enough to sneak a camcorder in and capture 3 full matches .
Blizzard probably prohibited anyone bringing a camcorder or camera into the viewing hall .
You got all three races :
Zerg Vs Protoss
Zerg Vs Terrans
Terrans Vs Protoss
Check out the videos after the jump .
Two soldiers manning checkpoint sacrificed their lives preventing Taliban attack in Helmand markeplace , says commanding officer
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Two British soldiers sacrificed their lives to stop Taliban suicide bombers detonating their devices in a packed marketplace , their commanding officer said today .
Lance Corporal David Kirkness , 24 , and Rifleman James Brown , 18 , both of 3rd Battalion The Rifles , were killed while manning a vehicle checkpoint near Sangin in Helmand province , southern Afghanistan , on Tuesday .
Two Afghan soldiers were also killed in the attack .
Kirkness , from Wakefield , West Yorkshire , and Brown , from Farnborough , Hampshire , were taking part in a joint security operation with Afghan forces on a route into central Sangin .
Lieutenant Colonel Nick Kitson , commanding officer of 3 Rifles Battle Group , said their comrades took comfort and pride from the fact that they averted a " much larger tragedy " .
He said : " Their sacrifice prevented two suicide bombers from reaching their intended target , the bustling and ever more prosperous Sangin bazaar , packed with local Afghans going about their daily business . "
Bob Ainsworth , the defence secretary , paid tribute to the two soldiers in a speech to the Royal United Services Institute in London today .
He said : " Their deaths harden our resolve , but this will be a very difficult time for their families as they come to terms with their loss . "
Video Le�n Portilla exige atenci�n a ind�genas .
El historiador fue investido doctor ´ Honoris Causa´ en Madrid por sus estudios a favor del conocimiento y defensa de las lenguas de los pueblos indígenas
En México hay una tendencia creciente a criminalizar a los indígenas y a usar el derecho penal para reprimirlos , alertan organismos nacionales e internacionales de derechos humanos
Challenge
The Future Fuels Haiti Development
Fund supports the development of environmentally responsible fuel sources that create jobs and reverse the over 98 % deforestation due to charcoal production .
The soil erosion due to deforestation is of particular concern for Haiti because of the yearly flooding and rains that continually devastate the country .
Solution
EVI brings together local organizations , farmers , local and international financial institutions , and the private sector to provide the training , business development and support , and financing to grow the sustainable fuel industry in Haiti .
Long - Term Impact
The Fund ’s goal over an 18 - month period is to support farmers and local business to develop commercially viable sustainable fuel sources using Vetiver agricultural waste and save 30,400 trees .
Resources
The left - wing radio network that launched the careers of Sen .
Al Franken and MSNBC political commentator Rachel Maddow announced today that it will be going under .
As in closed .
Off - the - air .
Silent .
Dead .
AA almost made it to age 6 .
Its live programming will cease this afternoon , and the company plans to file for bankruptcy " to carry out an orderly winding - down of the business , " wrote Air America Chairman Charlie Kireker in a statement to employees .
" The very difficult economic environment has had a significant impact on Air America 's business , " Kireker wrote .
" This past year has seen a ' perfect storm ' in the media industry generally . "
The New York - based Air America kicked off in March 2004 , aiming to be the antithesis of Rush Limbaugh 's and Sean Hannity 's shows .
In comparison to the staunch , multimillion followings of those commentators , Air America did n't quite hit the mark or even come close .
An insufficient number of people tuned in .
Although , one of Air America 's own did manage to get elected to senatorial office .
But that was no help for the balance sheet .
Air America has already filed once for bankruptcy in October 2006 .
It appears as though the station wo n't come flying out of this next one .
-- Mark Milian
Get animated by clicking here to receive Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
You can also go to our new Facebook fan page here .
Photo : Associated Press
While consciously pursuing your spiritual development is commendable , joining an established religion such as Christianity , Islam , or Hinduism is one of the worst ways to go about it .
In this article I ’ll share 10 reasons why you must eventually abandon the baggage of organized religion if you wish to pursue conscious living in earnest .
Since Christianity is currently the world ’s most popular religion , I ’ll slant this article towards Christianity ’s ubiquitous failings .
However , you ’ll find that most of these points apply equally well to other major religions ( yes , even Buddhism ) .
1. Spirituality for dummies .
If you have the awareness level of a snail , and your thinking is mired in shame and guilt ( with perhaps a twist of drug abuse or suicidal thinking ) , then subscribing to a religion can help you climb to a higher level of awareness .
Your mindset , however , still remains incredibly dysfunctional ; you ’ve merely swapped one form of erroneous thinking for another .
For reasonably intelligent people who are n’t suffering from major issues with low self - esteem , religion is ridiculously consciousness - lowering .
While some religious beliefs can be empowering , on the whole the decision to formally participate in a religion will merely burden your mind with a hefty load of false notions .
When you subscribe to a religion , you substitute nebulous group - think for focused , independent thought .
Instead of learning to discern truth on your own , you ’re told what to believe .
This does n’t accelerate your spiritual growth ; on the contrary it puts the brakes on your continued conscious development .
Religion is the off - switch of the human mind .
Leave the mythology behind , and learn to think for yourself .
Your intellect is a better instrument of spiritual growth than any religious teachings .
2. Loss of spiritual depth perception .
One of the worst mistakes you can make in life is to attach your identity to any particular religion or philosophy , such as by saying “ I am a Christian ” or “ I am a Buddhist . ”
This forces your mind into a fixed perspective , robbing you of spiritual depth perception and savagely curtailing your ability to perceive reality accurately .
If that sounds like a good idea to you , you ’ll probably want to gouge out one of your eyeballs too .
Surely you ’ll be better off with a single , fixed perspective instead of having to consider two separate image streams … unless of course you ’ve become attached to stereo vision .
Religious “ truths ” are inherently rooted in a fixed perspective , but real truth is perspective - independent .
When you substitute religious teachings for truth , you mistake shadows for light sources .
Consequently , you doom yourself to stumble around in the dark , utterly confused .
Clarity remains forever elusive , and the best answer you get is that life is one giant mystery .
Religious mysteries , however , arise not from what is truly unknowable ; they arise from the limitations of trying to understand reality from a fixed frame of reference .
A more intelligent approach is to consider reality through a variety of different perspectives without trying to force your perceptions into an artificial religious framework .
If you wish to learn more about this approach , read Spiritual Depth Perception .
3. Engineered obedience training .
Religions are authoritarian hierarchies designed to dominate your free will .
They ’re power structures that aim to convince you to give away your power for the benefit of those who enjoy dominating people .
When you subscribe to a religion , you enroll in a mindless minion training program .
Religions do n’t market themselves as such , but this is essentially how they operate .
Religions are very effective at turning human beings into sheep .
They ’re among the most powerful instruments of social conditioning .
They operate by eroding your trust in your own intellect , gradually convincing you to put your trust into some external entity , such as a deity , prominent figure , or great book .
Of course these instruments are usually controlled by those who administrate the minion training program , but they do n’t have to be .
Simply by convincing you to give your power away to something outside yourself , religion will condition you to be weaker , more docile , and easier to control .
Religions actively promote this weakening process as if it were beneficial , commonly branding it with the word faith .
What they ’re actually promoting is submission .
Religions strive to fill your head with so much nonsense that your only recourse is to bow your head in submission , often quite literally .
Get used to spending a lot of time on your knees because acts of submission such as bowing and kneeling are frequently incorporated into religious practice .
Canine obedience training uses similar tactics .
Now say , “ Yes , Master . ”
Have you ever wondered why religious teachings are invariably mysterious , confusing , and internally incongruent ?
This is no accident by the way — it ’s quite intentional .
By putting forth confusing and internally conflicting information , your logical mind ( i.e. your neocortex ) is overwhelmed .
You try in vain to integrate such contradictory beliefs , but it ca n’t be done .
The net effect is that your logical mind disengages because it can’t find a pattern of core truth beneath all the nonsense , so without the help of your neocortex , you devolve to a more primitive ( i.e. limbic ) mode of thinking .
You ’re taught that this faith - based approach is a more spiritual and conscious way to live , but in reality it ’s precisely the opposite .
Getting you to distrust your own cerebral cortex actually makes you dumber and easier to manipulate and control .
Karl Marx was right when he said , “ Religion is the opiate of the people . ”
For example , the Old Testament and the New Testament in the Bible frequently contradict each other with various rules of conduct , yet both are quoted during mass .
Church leaders also behave in direct violation of the Church ’s teachings , such as by covering up criminal and immoral activities by their own priests .
Those who try to mentally process such glaring contradictions as coherent truth invariably suffer for it .
A highly conscious person would reject membership in such an organization as patently ridiculous .
So - called divine mysteries are engineered to be incomprehensible .
You are n’t meant to ever make sense of them since that would defeat the whole purpose .
When you finally wake up and realize it ’s all B.S. , you ’ve taken the first step towards freedom from this oppressive system .
The truth is that so - called religious authorities do n’t know any more about spirituality than you do .
However , they know how to manipulate your fear and uncertainty for their own benefit .
How nice of you to let them .
Although the most popular religions are very old , L. Ron Hubbard proved the process can be replicated from scratch in modern times .
As long as there are large numbers of people who fear the responsibility of their own power , religions will continue to dominate the landscape of human development .
If you want to talk to God , then communicate directly instead of using third - party intermediaries .
Surely God has no need of an interpreter .
Do n’t fall into the trap of becoming a mindless minion .
It ’s a mistake to think that turning off your neocortex and practicing mindless “ faith ” will bring you closer to God .
In truth it will only bring you closer to dog .
4. Toilet - bowl time management .
If you devote serious time to the practice of religion , it ’s safe to say you practice toilet - bowl time management , flushing much of your precious life down the drain with little or nothing to show for it .
First , you ’ll waste a lot of time filling your head with useless nonsense .
This includes reading some of the worst fiction ever written .
Then there are various rules , laws , and practices to learn .
Seriously , if you have insomnia , try reading religious texts before bedtime .
You ’ll be asleep faster than you can say Methuselah .
Why do you think hotels put Bibles next to the bed ?
It ’s the greatest sedative known to man .
I have to give props to the Scientologists for at least incorporating space aliens into their stories .
It ’s a shame Gene Roddenberry did n’t formally invent his own religion ; Stovokor sounds like a lot of fun .
Once you finally realize your head has been filled with utter nonsense , you must then purge such garbage from your mind if you want your brain to be functional again .
That can take considerably longer , assuming you succeed at all .
It ’s like trying to uninstall AOL from your hard drive .
Next , you can expect to waste even more time on repetitive ritual and ceremony , such as attending mass , learning prayers , and practicing unproductive meditations .
If I add up the time I attended mass and Sunday school , studied religion in school as if it were a serious subject , and memorized various prayers , I count thousands of hours of my life I ’d love to have back .
I did , however , learn some important lessons , many of which are being shared in this article .
I especially remember listening to a lot of bad sermons ; most priests are hideously poor speakers .
Maybe it ’s because they drink alcohol while on duty .
Now if you really go overboard and throw in learning a dead language for good measure , you can kiss years of your life goodbye .
The more time you devote to religious practice , the more you waste your life on pointless , dead - end pursuits … and the more you ’ll want to delude yourself with a phony “ Hehe , I meant to do that ” attitude .
5. Support your local pedophile .
In addition to being a serious waste of time , religious practice can also be a huge waste of money .
For starters when you donate to a major religion , you support its expansion , which means you ’re facilitating the enslavement of your fellow humans .
That is n’t very nice , now is it ?
If you feel the urge to donate money , give it to a real and honorable cause , not a fabricated one .
Better yet , go outside and do something that really helps people .
If you ca n’t think of anything better , grab a can of paint and clean up some local graffiti .
Your religious donations fund freeloaders who mooch off society but who generally provide little or no value in return .
Sure there are some religious people who perform valuable public services , but for the most part , that is n’t their bailiwick .
These freeloaders typically operate tax - free , meaning they ’re effectively subsidized by taxpayers .
That ’s a great racket if you ’re on the receiving side … not so great if you ’re funding it though .
Religions offer a suite of special services to generate additional income .
They ’ll spout some gibberish while feeding you a crusty wafer , pronounce you bonded to a fellow human being , snip some of your excess skin , pour water on your head , proclaim your manhood , cast out your demons , pronounce your transgressions forgiven , and so on .
When they ca n’t think of anything else , they make up some drivel like confirming you ’re still loyal to them .
The bill may read “ suggested donation , ” but it ’s still a bill .
When you donate money to a religious organization , you ’re doing much worse than throwing your money away .
You ’re actively funding evil .
If you think that spending a billion dollars to defend pedophiles and rapists is a good use of your hard - earned cash , perhaps you should run for Pope .
You could hardly do worse .
At least Wall Street is honest about its greed and lust .
One of my Catholic high school teachers was later revealed to be a repeat child molester … written up in the newspaper and everything .
I did n’t see any suspicious behavior at the time , and to be totally honest , I actually liked that teacher and was shocked to learn of his extracurricular activities .
He was shuffled from one location to another by those who knew about his appetite for young flesh .
I ’m glad I was n’t on the menu , but I feel sad for those who were .
Methinks God should raise his standards … just a tad .
Why are n’t Catholic priests allowed to marry ?
This has nothing to do with what ’s written in the Bible or with any benefits of celibacy .
This rule was invented by the Church to prevent their priests from producing heirs .
When the priests died , their property would go back to the Church , thereby enriching the rich even more .
Apparently God needed more cash .
It was a very effective policy , as the Church is now among the richest and most powerful organizations on earth .
It ’s hard to fail when you have a loyal force of lifetime indentured servants who work cheaply and then yield their life savings to you when they die .
Lay religious people ( i.e. non-clergy ) , on the other hand , are encouraged to have lots of babies because that means more people are born into the religion , which means more money and a bigger power base .
Condoms are a big no - no ; they ’re bad for business .
Marriage is a big yes ; it means more brainwashed babies will be made .
Would you seriously consider this sort of structure a “ good cause ” worthy of your hard - earned cash ?
I have got to get me one of these …
6 . Incest is best .
Religions frequently promote inbred social networks .
You ’re encouraged to spend more time with people who share the same belief system while disengaging from those with incompatible beliefs .
Sometimes this is done subtly ; other times it ’s more obvious .
If you ’re one of the saved , blessed , or otherwise enlightened individuals who stumbled upon the one true belief system , then supposedly everyone else remains in the dark .
Certain religions are overtly intolerant of outsiders , but to one degree or another , all major religions cast non-subscribers in a negative light .
This helps to discourage members from abandoning the religion while still enabling them to proselytize .
The main idea is to maintain social structures that reward loyalty and punish freedom of thought .
This us -vs - them prejudice is totally incongruent with conscious living .
It ’s also downright moronic from a global perspective .
But it remains a favored practice of those who pull the strings .
When you ’re taught to distrust other human beings , fear gets a foothold in your consciousness , and you become much easier to control .
When you join a religion , your fellow mind - slaves will help to keep you in line , socially rewarding your continued obedience while punishing your disloyalty .
Why do they do this ?
It ’s what they ’ve been conditioned to do .
Tell your religious friends that you ’re abandoning their religion because you want to think for yourself for a while , and watch the sparks fly .
Suddenly you ’ve gone from best friend to evil demon .
There ’s no greater threat to religious people than to profess your desire to think for yourself .
There are better ways to enjoy a sense of community than joining a slavery club .
Try making friends with conscious , free - thinking people for a change — people who are willing to connect with you regardless of how silly your beliefs are .
You may find it intimidating at first , but it ’s quite refreshing once you get used to it .
Since I get asked this question all the time , I might as well answer it publicly .
Do I accept Jesus Christ as my personal savior ?
No more than I ’d accept a credit card from Crapital One .
Either way I ’d be worried about the fine print .
Does this mean we ca n’t be friends anymore ?
Please do n’t hate me because I ’m doomed .
7. Idiocy or hypocrisy – pick one .
When you subscribe to an established religion , you have only two options .
You can become an idiot , or you can become a hypocrite .
If you ’ve already chosen the former , I ’ll explain why , and I ’ll use small words so that you ’re sure to understand .
First , there ’s the idiocy route .
You can willingly swallow all of the contrived , man - made drivel that ’s fed to you .
Accept that the earth is only 10,000 years old .
Believe stories about dead bodies coming back to life .
Learn about various deities and such .
Put your trust in someone who thinks they know what they ’re talking about .
Eat your dogma .
Good boy !
Congratulations !
You ’re a moron believer .
You ’ll be saved , enlightened , and greeted with tremendous fanfare when you die … unless of course all the stuff you were taught turns out not to be true .
Nah … if the guy in the robe says it ’s true , it must be true .
Ya gotta have faith , right ?
Next , we have the hypocrisy option .
In this case your neocortex is strong enough to identify various bits of utter nonsense in the religious teachings that others are trying to ram down your throat .
You have a working B.S. detector , but it ’s slightly damaged .
You ’re smart enough to realize that earth is probably a lot older than 10,000 years and that pre-marital ( or non-marital ) sex is a lot of fun , but some B.S. still gets through .
You do n’t swallow all the bull , but you still identify yourself as a follower of a particular religion , most likely because you were raised in it and never actually chose it to begin with .
To you it ’s just a casual pursuit .
You ’re certainly not a die - hard fundamentalist , but you figure that if you drink the wine and chew the wafer now and then , it ’s good enough to get you a free ride into a half - decent afterlife .
You belong to the pro-God club .
Surely there ’s safety in numbers .
Two people ca n’t be wrong … although 4 - 1/ 2 billion supposedly can .
In this case you become an apologist for your own religion .
You do n’t want to be identified with the extreme fanatics , nor do you want to be associated with the non-believers .
You figure you can straddle both sides .
On earth you ’ll basically live as a non-practitioner ( or a very sloppy and inconsistent practitioner ) , but when you eventually die , you ’ve still got the membership card to show God .
Do you realize how deluded you are ?
Perhaps if you have to throw out so much of the nonsense to make your chosen belief system palatable , you should n’t be drinking the Kool Aid in the first place .
Free yourself from the mental baggage , stop looking to others for permission to live , and start thinking on your own .
If your God exists , he ’s smart enough to see through your fake ID .
From time to time , some of my readers take a stab at converting me to their religion .
Most of them come across as total loons , but I can at least respect their consistency .
I ’ve no idea why they bother to read my site ( which is about raising , not lowering , consciousness ) .
Perhaps some of them are getting ready to convert from fundamentalism to common sense .
You ’d think I ’d be quite a prize for any serious religion .
With 2.4 million monthly readers , that ’s a lot of people I could potentially enslave convert , not to mention how much I could fill the Church coffers by soliciting indulgences donations on their behalf .
Henceforth I expect a much better conversion effort .
If you wo n’t do it for the money , then do it for the souls .
You ca n’t let so many of us go to hell without trying in earnest to save us , can you ? 😉
Just keep those conversion emails below 10,000 words if possible , with no more than 9,000 of them quoted from your favorite great book .
8. Inherited falsehood .
Please tell me you are n’t still practicing the religion you happened to be born into ?
Surely you ’ve outgrown your baby clothes by now .
Is n’t it time you also outgrew your baby religion ?
What if you were born into a different culture ?
Would you have been conscious enough to find your way back to your current belief system ?
Or are your current beliefs merely a product of your environment and not the result of conscious choice ?
Many religions are just a mish - mash of what came before .
For example , Christianity is largely based on pagan rituals .
If those pagan beliefs and rituals had been protected by copyright , Christianity would n’t even exist .
If you take the time to dig into the roots of Christianity , you ’ll encounter various theories that Christianity ’s teachings were largely assembled from pre-Christian myths and that Jesus himself was merely a fictional character pieced together from earlier mythical figures .
You go , Horus !
Many religious teachers ( i.e. priests , rabbis , ministers , etc. ) are just brainwashed slaves themselves .
They do n’t have any real authority and are n’t even aware of the agenda being set by their superiors .
This makes them better minions because they actually believe the B.S. they ’re spouting and do n’t know the truth behind it .
A priest , a rabbi , and a minister walk into a bar , but that ’s as far as they get .
They may interact with the bartender , but they never get to know the guy who owns the bar .
They suffer from inherited falsehood just like everyone else .
Is your religion based on the inspired word of God ?
No more than this article .
Just because someone says their text is divinely inspired does n’t mean it is .
Anyone can claim divine inspiration .
The top religions are decided by popularity , not by truth .
Even the central figures in major religions did n’t follow the religions that were spawned in their names .
If they did n’t swallow the prevailing “ wisdom ” about gods and spiritual leaders and such , why should you ?
If you want to be more like the people you worship , then follow their lead by striking out on your own .
Move beyond your baby religion .
Consider maturity as a reasonable alternative .
9. Compassion in chains .
Religious rules and laws invariably hamper the development of conscience .
This causes all sorts of problems like pointless violence and warfare .
Those who preach nonviolence as a rule or law tend to be the most violent of all .
Such people cannot be trusted because they ’ll violate their proclaimed values with the weakest of excuses .
When you externalize compassion into a set of rules and laws , what you ’re left with is n’t compassion at all .
True compassion is a matter of conscious choice , and that requires the absence of force - backed rules and laws .
The more religious a person becomes , the less compassionate s/he is .
The illusion of compassion substitutes for the real thing .
Religious people tend to be the most bigoted and non-accepting people on earth .
They ’re the least trustworthy and suffer from the grossest character defects .
They pretend they ’re doing good , but they ’re really collaborators in a system designed to push people into unconscious slavery to a “ higher ” authority .
They are slaves promoting slavery .
Historically speaking , religious people love to fight each other .
Instead of unconditional love , they practice conditional loyalty .
The only unconditional aspect is their thirst for blood .
If you disagree with them , you ’re a target … either for conversion or destruction ( both of which are really the same thing ) .
If you value the ideal of unconditional love , you wo n’t find it in the practice of religion .
Real compassion does n’t arise from believing in God , from practicing various rituals , or from studying the concept of karma .
Compassion can only result from conscious choice , and this requires the freedom to choose without the threat of punishment or the promise of reward .
If you ’re obedient to your faith , it ’s a safe bet that compassion is absent from your life .
You probably do n’t even know what real compassion feels like .
The more we collectively abandon all religion , the better off this planet will be .
This does n’t mean we have to abandon all spiritual pursuits .
It just means we must stop turning spirituality into something it is n’t .
10 . Faith is fear .
Religion is the systematic marketing of fear .
Blessed are the poor ( donate heavily ) .
Blessed are the meek ( obey ) .
Blessed are the humble ( do n’t question authority ) .
Blessed are the hungry ( make us rich while you starve ) .
Blessed are the merciful ( if you catch us doing something wrong , let it go ) .
Blessed are the pure of heart ( switch off your brain ) .
Blessed are the timid , the cowardly , the fearful .
Blessed are those who give us their power and become our slaves .
Muahahaha !
That ’s the kind of nonsense religion pushes on people .
They train you to turn your back on courage , strength , and conscious living .
This is stupidity , not divinity .
Religion will teach you to fear being different , to fear standing up for yourself , and to fear being an independent thinker .
It will erode your self - trust by explaining why you ’re unable to successfully manage life on your own terms :
You are unworthy .
You ’re a sinner .
You ’re unclean .
You belong to a lesser caste .
You are not enlightened .
Of course the solution is always the same — submit to the will of an external authority .
Believe that you ’re inadequate .
Give away your power .
Follow their rules and procedures .
Live in fear for the rest of your life , and hope it will all turn out okay in the end .
When you practice faith instead of conscious living , you live under a cloak of fear .
Eventually that cloak becomes so habitual you forget it ’s even there .
It ’s very sad when you reach the point where you ca n’t even remember what it feels like to wield creative freedom over your own life , independent of what you ’ve been conditioned to believe .
Faith is the coward ’s substitute for courage .
It ’s also really good marketing if you ’re the one who controls the faith .
If you ’re afraid or unwilling to assume total responsibility for your life , you ’re a perfect match for religion .
Fear in one part of your life invariably spreads to all other parts — you ca n’t compartmentalize it .
If you find yourself frustrated because you ’re too afraid to follow your dreams , to talk to members of the opposite sex , to speak up for yourself , etc. , then a good place to start is to rid your life of all religious nonsense .
Do n’t let fear get a foothold in your consciousness .
Stop trying to comfort yourself by swallowing religious rubbish .
If you really need something to believe in , then believe in your own potential .
Put your trust in your own intellect .
Stop giving away your power .
Dump the safety - in - numbers silliness .
Just because a lot of people believe stupid stuff does n’t mean it is n’t stupid .
It just means that stupidity is popular on this planet .
When people are in a state of fear , they ’ll swallow just about anything to comfort themselves , including the bastion of stupidity known as religion .
* * *
Religion is spiritual immaturity .
It ’s entirely possible to enjoy your life without spending so much of it bent over in submission .
Pull your head out of your rear , and look around with your own two eyes .
If you need something to worship , then feel grateful for your own conscious mind .
Pull it out of the cobwebs , and boot it up .
Besides … if some popular religious version of God does exist , there ’s a good chance he ’s a complete and total idiot .
He made us in his image , right ?
So perhaps we should n’t be so quick to worship an entity so lacking in intelligence .
We ’re better off on our own .
God is n’t going to smite you for not formally worshipping him .
If he did n’t smite me by now , it ’s a safe bet you ’ll slide beneath the radar as well .
And if that does n’t work , you can borrow my fake ID .
I ’ve been baptized and confirmed , and I ’m the son of an altar boy and the nephew of a priest , so I ’m sure I ’ll be fine . 😉
Praise Hestia !
The first Christian missionary in China February 27 , 2010
Emperor Taizong
We often think of Christian missionaries as Europeans , having and promoting European culture .
The first recorded “ Christian ” missionary to China was not European , but Persian .
His name was Alopen ( 阿罗本 ) .
In 1623 , digging in the ancient Chinese capital Chang - An ( near present day Xian ) workmen unearthed a monument written almost 1000 years before European missionaries arrived .
It recorded Alopen ’s journey across the silk road :
When the accomplished Emperor Taizong began his magnificent career in glory and splendour … there was a highly virtuous man name Alopen in the Kingdom on Ta-chin .
Auguring from the azure sky he decided to carry the true scriptures with him , and observing the course of the winds , he made his way through difficulties and perils .
Thus , in the ninth year of Chen - Kuan [ 635 AD ] he arrived at Chang - An [ Xian ] .
Alopen was not an orthodox Christian , or a European , but a Syriac speaking Nestorian who came from Persia .
In his homeland of Sassanid Persia Christians were an often persecuted minority , under the ruling Zoroastrians .
However , the Persian empire was fading , allowing Christians more freedom , and was soon to be swallowed by a rampant Islam in 644 .
When Alopen arrived in China he was warmly received ,
The Emperor dispatched his Minister , Duke Fang Hsuan - ling , with a guard of honour , to the western suburb to meet the visitor and conduct him to the Palace .
The sutras were translated in the Imperial Library .
[ The Emperor ] investigated “ the way ” in his own forbidden apartments , and being deeply convinced of its correctness and truth , gave special orders for its propagation .
The Tang dynasty that welcomed Alopen was itself new .
Although the previous Sui dynasty managed to unify China for the first time in 400 years , it had quickly collapsed .
When , in 613 , Emperor Yang of Sui had chosen to launch a series of unpopular campaigns against Goguryeo , sections of the army deserted and farmers revolted .
In 628 , seven years before Alopen arrived , China was once again united by Emperor Gaozu and his son Emperor Taizong – the founders of the T’ang dynasty .
This T’ang welcome of Christianity did not last long .
In 649 , Emperor Taizong died .
One of his widowed concubines , beguilingly beautiful Wu Zetian , would normally be expected to spend the rest of her life as a Buddhist nun .
Instead this ambitious woman worked her way back into the ruling family .
After killing her own baby to frame the existing Empress , the new Emperor Gaozong took her ( his own father ’s concubine ) as his wife .
When the Emperor died , she deposed two sons from the throne and in 690 set herself up as the founder of a new dynasty .
She remained fanatically pro-Buddhist , even taking a Buddhist monk as a lover , and declared Buddhism the state religion in 691 .
Persecution of Nestorian Christians began in 698 , when mobs sacked the first ever church in the historic capital of Luoyang .
There were many ups and downs , but the first taste that China had of Nestorian Christianity lasted until the fall of the T’ang dynasty in 907 .
As the Tang empire fell , the ensuing violence was not kind to religious minorities .
One traveller ( Abu Zeid ) reported that as many as 120,000 Muslims , Jews , Christians and Zoroastrians were put to the sword .
Eighty years later , the Nestorians were all but gone .
In the year 377 [ 987 AD ] , in the Christian quarter [ of Baghdad ] behind the church , I met a monk from Najran , who seven years before had been sent by the Catholicos to China with five other clergy to set in order the affairs of the Christian church …
I asked him for some information about his journey and he told me that Christianity was just extinct in China ; the native Christians had perished in one way or another ; the church which they used had been destroyed and there not one Christian left in the land .
( Abdu’l Faraj )
China ’s next taste of Christianity would be another 300 years later , also from a non-European source – this time from the Monguls .
Technorati Tags : , , , , ,
Activist Maurice Joseph Schwenkler , 24 , pleaded guilty Monday to a second - degree misdemeanor for smashing windows at the Colorado Democratic Party headquarters last summer .
He received one year of probation and was ordered to pay $ 5,000 in restitution for the Aug. 25 incident at the party headquarters at West Eighth Avenue and Santa Fe Drive , according to the Denver district attorney ’s office .
Schwenkler and an accomplice , who was never identified , took a hammer to 11 plate - glass windows .
Police caught them in the act , and Schwenkler was arrested .
Anarchist websites across the country raised money for Schwenkler ’s $ 5,000 bail , and identified him as “ a transgendered anarchist ” using the name Ariel Attack .
Authorities have consistently identified him as male .
The gay , lesbian and transgender protest group Denver Bash Back characterized Schwenkler as one of its “ friends and comrades . ”
Initially , Democratic Party officials blamed conservative opponents of health care reform for stoking animosity directed at Democrats .
Then it became known that Schwenkler had previously worked for a Democratic candidate .
Conservatives characterized the attack as an attempt to frame Republicans with the blame .
Bash Back protested the Republican and Democratic national conventions last year .
“ Russians need to know about the fate of the tsarist family and all of the other victims of the Communist regime .
There should be a clear legal verdict on this , ” said Zakatov , who heads the chancellery of Russia ’s so - called Imperial House .
GOP Senator : Not Saying ' No ' to Obama Nominees Anymore Sen. Richard Shelby says he's no longer blocking all the president 's nominees .
WASHINGTON , Feb. 8 , 2010  -- Sen. Richard Shelby , R - Ala. , had blocked more than 80 presidential nominations now before the Senate , but tonight he relented , saying he had simply been trying " to get the White House 's attention " on two important national security issues related to his state .
Shelby had blocked the nominations by using a procedural tactic called a " hold , " which allows individual senators to block votes on presidential nominations .
But Shelby 's spokesman , John Graffeo , says he will drop " most " of his holds .
Graffeo told ABC
News that the purpose of placing the holds were to " get the White House 's attention on two issues that are critical to our national security -- the Air Force 's aerial refueling tanker acquisition and the FBI 's Terrorist Device Analytical Center ( TEDAC ) . "
Both issues were unrelated to the nominations , and the latter regarded the Obama administration 's decision not to move an FBI lab to Shelby 's home state of Alabama .
" With that accomplished , Shelby has decided to release his holds on all but a few nominees directly related to the Air Force tanker acquisition until the new Request for Proposal is issued , " Graffeo said .
Currently there are more than 80 presidential nominations hanging in the balance , including the undersecretary of defense for military readiness and top officials at the Departments of State and Homeland Security .
Shelby had opposed and blocked every pending presidential nomination .
Shelby 's office defended the senator 's decision to call attention to the tanker acquisition and the FBI facility , saying that neither was an " earmark . "
" The Air Force tanker acquisition is not an " earmark " as has been reported ; it is a competition to replace the Air Force 's aging aerial refueling tanker fleet .
Sen .
Shelby is not seeking to determine the outcome of the competition ; he is seeking to ensure an open , fair and transparent competition that delivers the best equipment to our men and women in uniform , " Graffeo said .
" Nor is the TEDAC a so - called earmark ; it is a facility specifically requested by the Department of Justice and the FBI .
They need such a facility to forensically examine Improvised Explosive Devices ( IEDs ) from Afghanistan , Iraq , the Horn of Africa , and elsewhere , including the device the Christmas Day bomber was wearing , " said Graffeo .
" Sen .
Shelby is fully justified in his concern that the Obama administration is seeking to rescind funds already appropriated for this vital national security purpose . "
President Obama Still Faces Stiff Republican Resistance
The statement came after news reports said Shelby had placed a blanket hold on all of the president 's nominees .
While that Republican roadblock has been cleared , the president still faces many hurdles .
Republicans say they are against resuscitating the current Democratic - backed health care legislation passed in the House and Senate late last year .
On Saturday , President Obama invited Republicans and Democrats to a health care summit later this month .
" I think that what I want to do is to look at the Republican ideas that are out there and I want to be very specific :
How do you guys want to lower costs ?
How do you guys intend to reform the insurance markets so people with pre-existing conditions , for example , can get health care ?
How do you want to make sure that the 30 million people who do n't have health insurance can get it ?
What are your ideas specifically ? "
Obama told CBS News ' Katie Couric on Sunday .
GOP leaders welcomed the idea , but many say the Democrats ' health care bill needs to be scrapped altogether before they start anew .
" The American people have overwhelmingly rejected both of the job - killing trillion - dollar government takeover of health care bills passed by the House and Senate , " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , said in a statement .
He added that the " best way to start on real , bipartisan reform would be to scrap those bills and focus on the kind of step - by - step improvements that will lower health care costs and expand access . "
And the president faces stiff resistance on a number of other issues , including reducing the deficit and a new jobs bill .
Recently , Republicans voted down a bipartisan - backed idea to create a deficit - cutting commission , including seven of the original co-sponsors of the bill , like Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz .
Last month , the president chided GOP
House members for saying no for the sake of opposing his initiatives , then turning around and benefitting from them .
" A lot of you have gone to appear at ribbon cuttings for the same projects you voted against , " he said .
But for now , the president is striking a more bipartisan - sounding tone .
" If Democrats and Republicans come together in a sensible way , put everything on the table , not trying to position themselves politically ahead of time , then there 's no reason why we can't start putting in place some serious measures that will start driving the deficit down long - term , " he said Sunday .
" The biggest thing , the most important thing that we can do on deficits is to get a health reform package passed . "
“ The number of uninsured people has increased as more have fallen victim to deceptive marketing practices and bought what essentially is fake insurance , ” Wendell Potter , the former Cigna executive , testified .
Mr. Yurdin learned the hard way .
At St. David ’s Medical Center in Austin , where he went for two separate heart procedures last year , the hospital ’s admitting office looked at Mr. Yurdin ’s coverage and talked to Aetna .
St. David ’s estimated that his share of the payments would be only a few thousand dollars per procedure .
He and the hospital say they were surprised to eventually learn that the $ 150,000 hospital coverage in the Aetna policy was mainly for room and board .
Coverage was capped at $ 10,000 for “ other hospital services , ” which turned out to include nearly all routine hospital care  the expenses incurred in the operating room , for example , and the cost of any medication he received .
In other words , Aetna would have paid for Mr. Yurdin to stay in the hospital for more than five months  as long as he did not need an operation or any lab tests or drugs while he was there .
Aetna contends that it repeatedly informed Mr. Yurdin and the hospital of the restrictions in policy , which is known in the industry as a limited - benefit plan .
The company says such policies offer value by covering some hospital expenses , like surgeons ’ fees or a stay in the intensive care unit .
Aetna also says all of its policyholders receive significant discounts on the overall cost of hospital care .
But Aetna also acknowledges that a limited - benefit plan was inappropriate in Mr. Yurdin ’s case because his age and condition  an irregular heartbeat  made him likely to require more comprehensive coverage .
Image Larry and Claire Yurdin .
His heart procedures ended up costing far more than his limited - benefit insurance plan covered .
Credit ... Erich Schlegel for The New York Times
“ Limited benefits are n’t right for everyone , and it clearly was n’t right for Mr. Yurdin , ” said Cynthia B. Michener , an Aetna spokeswoman .
The police community support officer ( PCSO ) who stopped Mr Overs was taken aback by his indignation .
She told him she had stopped lots of people taking pictures that same afternoon " and nobody complained " .
No doubt many were foreign tourists , who must have thought we have gone mad – an assessment amply confirmed by what happened to Andrew White , from Brighton , East Sussex .
Last week , he was taking pictures of the Christmas lights in nearby Burgess Hill , on his way to work , when two PCSOs asked him what he was up to and why he was taking so many pictures in a busy area .
Mr White , an amateur photographer who works for a financial services firm , was required to give his personal details to the officers .
I ’ve identified seven large US states by four criteria that are sure to cause trouble for Washington ’s political class at least for the next 3 years , through the 2012 elections .
Notable among three of the PIGS are their relatively small populations , and small contributions to either world or European GDP .
While Spain has a population over 45 million , Portugal and Greece have populations roughly equal to a US state , such as Ohio–at around 10 million .
And Ireland ?
The Emerald Isle has a population similar to Kentucky , at around 4 million .
While the PIGS are without question a problem for Europe , whatever problems they present for Brussels are easily matched by the looming headache for Washington that ’s coming from large , US states such as California , Florida , Illinois , Ohio , and Michigan .
The inevitable coming of the sovereign debt panic finally engulfed Europe last week as the derisively ( or perhaps affectionately ) named PIGS spilled their slop on the continent .
But Portugal , Ireland , Greece , and Spain are hardly worthy of so much attention .
In truth , they are little more than the currently favored proxies among the leveraged speculator community ( cough ) for the larger problem of all sovereign debt .
Indeed , the credit default swaps on these smaller European satellite states were not alone this week in making large moves higher .
UK sovereign risk rose strongly , and so did US sovereign risk .
With a downgrade warning from Moody ’s to boot .
These are states with big populations , very high rates of unemployment , and which have already had to borrow big to pay unemployment claims .
In addition , as a kind of Gregor .us kicker , I ’ve thrown in a fourth criterion to identify those states that are large net importers of energy .
Because the step change to higher energy prices played , and continues to play , such a large role in the developed world ’s financial crisis it ’s instructive to identify those US states that will struggle for years against the rising tide of higher energy costs .
First , let ’s consider a large state that did n’t make my list .
Texas did n’t make the list because its unemployment rate has not risen high enough to reach my cutoff : a state must register broad , U - 6 underemployment above 15 % , and currently Texas has only reached 13.7 % on that measure .
Also ,
Texas ’s total energy production nearly perfectly matches its total energy consumption .
Of course , Texas has indeed had to borrow more than billion dollars so far to pay unemployment claims , thus technically bankrupting its unemployment trust fund .
That meets my criteria .
But , it ’s instructive to note Texas ’ energy production capacity in this regard , as that produces dollars .
And one of the big reasons US states are under so much pressure , like their European counterparts , is that they cannot print currency .
Being able to produce oil and gas is the next best thing to printing currency .
So , Texas does n’t make my list .
The seven states to make my list are California , Florida , Illinois , Ohio , Michigan , North Carolina , and New Jersey .
Each has a population above 8 million people .
Each has had to borrow more than a billion dollars , so far , to pay claims out of their now bankrupt unemployment insurance fund .
Also , each state currently registers broad , underemployment above 15 % as indicated by the U - 6 measure for the States .
And finally , each state is a large net importer of either oil , natural gas , electricity , or all three of these energy sources .
Let ’s consider the overall predicament for residents of states like California , with its epic housing bust , Ohio and Michigan at the end of the automobile era , or North Carolina and New Jersey in light of the financial sector ’s demise .
Not only have states such as these permanently lost key sectors that once drove their economies , but , residents in these states are over - exposed to structurally higher energy costs .
The prospect for wage growth in the United States is now dim .
We are already recording year over year wage decreases in real terms .
The culprit ?
Energy and food costs .
My seven states are squeezed hard at both ends : no wage growth at the top , and no relief through cheaper energy costs at the bottom .
US wage growth in real terms has been stagnant for years .
And the most recent decade of higher oil prices has been particularly punishing to states over - leveraged to the automobile like California , Florida , and North Carolina where highway and road systems dwarf public transport .
While it ’s true that states like Ohio and California produce some oil and gas , the size of their populations overwhelm any production with outsized demand for electricity and gasoline .
In contrast , and as I mentioned , it will be revealing to see how this depression ultimately plays out in such states as Colorado , New Mexico , Wyoming , Oklahoma , North Dakota , and Louisiana which are all net exporters of energy .
Were it not for peak oil , gasoline prices would have fallen to a dollar during this depression as oil returned to the lows of the late 1990 ’ s–if not even lower .
Petrol at 90 cents a gallon would begin to chip away at the painfully decreasing spread between punk wages and energy input costs , currently endured by underemployed Americans .
Natural gas and coal prices are also much higher than they were at the lows of the 1990’s .
And I need not remind : while energy prices are very 2010 , the American workforce has lost so many jobs that our labor force has indeed returned the 1990’s .
21st century energy prices overlaid on a 20th century economy ?
That ’s no fun at all .
The mainstream economics profession , perhaps unsurprisingly , still does not pay enough attention to the interweaving of long - term stagnant wage growth , higher energy inputs , and the resulting credit creation that OECD countries took as the solution to resolve that squeeze .
Given that one of out of eight Americans takes food stamps , a visit to states like Illinois , Florida , Ohio , and North Carolina would reveal that the difference between 15 dollar oil and 75 dollar oil , and 2 dollar natural gas and 5 dollar natural gas is large .
My seven states of energy debt represent a full 35 % of the total US population .
As with other US states , they face looming policy clashes between protected state and city workers on one hand , and the growing ranks of the private economy ’s underemployed on the other .
The recent circus at the LA City Council meeting was a nice foreshadowing that the days of unlimited borrowing by governments –against future growth based on cheap energy –is coming to an end .
Washington can print up dollars and fund these states for years , if it so chooses .
But just as with the 70 million people in Portugal , Italy , Greece and Spain , the 108 million people in these seven large states are probably facing even higher levels of unemployment as austerity measures finally slam into their cashless coffers , and reduce their ability to borrow .
Photograph : from FREZNO , a new book of photos by Tony Stamolis , available now at Process Books .
( I bought a copy and it ’s brilliant .
For those who study California , it ’s a must - have addition to your bookshelf ) .
Today at the Wynkoop Brewpub in Denver , Colorado the 2010 Beerdrinker of the Year was proclaimed .
This year ’s winner — Bill Howell — is a Sterling , Alaska college administrator , retired Navy officer , homebrewer , and beer educator .
One of three national finalists at Wynkoop competing for the 2010 title , Howell withstood 2 hours of difficult beer - related questions from a panel of national beer experts to win the 14th annual title .
He wins free beer for life at Wynkoop , a $ 250 bar tab at his favorite brewpub , St. Elias Brewing in Soldotna , AK , unmatched beer - lover glory and other prizes for winning the title .
From Bill ’s short beer resume :
William Howell , a Sterling , Alaska college administrator , retired Navy officer , homebrewer , and beer educator .
In 2007 he created a new course for Kenai Peninsula College entitled The Art and History of Brewing , and has traveled extensively across Alaska and the West in pursuit of great beer .
He also serves as an ally for various beer retailers and journalists , and blogs about his state ’s rich beer culture .
His beer philosophy : “ I have been a lover of craft beers since 1984 and a homebrewer since 1989 .
Since my retirement from active duty I ’ve been really been able to “ get serious ” about beer .
I decided it was time to start giving something back to the world of craft beer that had given me so much . ”
The newly crowned king with the judges .
Congratulations , Bill .
The other two finalists were :
Phil Farrell , a Cumming , Georgia commercial pilot , homebrewer , beer judge and 2007 Beerdrinker finalist .
He has tasted beer in every country in Europe , 1000 of the world ’s pubs and 400 brewpubs .
His basement beer pub features six taps , two refrigerators , and a 15 - gallon brewing system .
Logan Perkins , a Denver , Colorado beer enthusiast who has tried nearly 5000 beers in 45 states , 21 European countries and 5 Asian nations .
He has conducted extensive travels across then US since 2008 , visiting America ’s breweries and beer towns .
Perkins was a 2007 Beerdrinker of the Year finalist and 2009 semifinalist .
As you may know , the fine folks here at Broad Street Hockey prudently decided to jump on the Team Latvija bandwagon early , supporting and following their efforts throughout their 2010 Olympic Campaign .
With half of their NHL talent coming from the Flyers roster , it 's the only allegiance that really makes sense for fans of the Orange and Black .
Here 's everything you need to know about Latvia , their team , and their chances of getting on that enormous team - sized podium .
About Latvia : Latvia is one of the three small , former Soviet states on the Baltic Sea , which are conveniently stacked North - South in alphabetical order ( Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania ) .
Only 2.2 million people live in Latvia , roughly the same number as lived in the Greater Philadelphia metro area at some point .
Latvia has roughly the same area as the eastern half of Pennsylvania .
Non-Hockey Latvian Sporting Exploits :
For a northern country known for its long , bleak winters , it 's surprising to note that Latvia has had far more success at the Summer Olympic Games than at winter events .
Latvians have won a very respectable seventeen medals at summer games , including golds in gymnastics in 2000 ( Men 's Floor Exercises ) , and in Men 's BMX Cycling in 2008 , making Latvia the only country to ever win gold in that event .
The only medal Latvia has ever registered at the Winter Games was a bronze in Torino in 2006 , in Men 's Luge .
While generally considered about a twentieth - percentile country in European soccer , Latvia put up a real respectable showing in World Cup qualifying this year , going 5 - 3 - 2 and finishing third in their group of six .
The Latvians were impressively 3 - 2 on the road , showing an ability as a people to excel far from home that will certainly serve them well in British Columbia .
Hockey in Latvia :
It 's an understatement to say that Latvians love their hockey .
The only other country where hockey is as nearly as unparalleled in popularity as Latvia is Canada , a factor which should prove interesting should those two nations meet in the gold medal game as I expect them to .
When there are n't international competitions to attend to , the Latvian players and their fans are all about Dinamo Riga , the KHL team which is almost entirely made up of Latvians .
That lack of diversity makes Dinamo Riga and the Latvian National Team extremely similar , with many of the lines used in the KHL expected to be identical to the ones used in Vancouver .
That continuity means that chemistry and familiarity are already established among the team , in a way no other team ( except Belarus ) can boast .
Goaltending : The top Latvian goaltender , Sergejs Naumovs is old .
Despite the fact that he will turn 41 in April , Naumovs is still the backstop on which Latvian gold medal hopes rest .
He was retired , but waffled and came back for these Olympics , making him the Bretts Favres of Latvian hockey .
Naumovs is very possibly related to Marie N ( Marija Naumova ) , who won the Eurovision Song Contest for Latvia in 2002 .
Her performance was , in my most expert Eurovision opinion , the worst winning song of the decade .
But the country totally redeemed itself in 2008 , when it sent this pirate anthem as it's entry :
( If you would like the mp3 of this masterpiece to become the focal point of your next workout mix , or for some seedier purpose , shoot me an email and I 'll send it your way ) .
So in conclusion , Team Latvija 's goalie is a surly old pirate .
Where so - called " olympic - caliber " goalies like Martin Brodeur and Miikka Kiprusoff use a harmless leather catching mitt , Naumovs undoubtedly wields a savage metal hook .
I dare you to screen him on Tuesday night , Ovechkin .
I dare you .
Defensemen :
The two NHL players on Team Latvija will both be manning the blueline .
Kārlis Skrastiņš of the Dallas Stars is the more veteran of the two .
These are his third Olympic games , having previously worn the dark red and white in Salt Lake City and Torino .
Skrastiņš first arrived in the NHL in the 1998 - 1999 season , so he knows his way around the NHL - sized rinks ice pretty well by now .
The other NHLer playing for Latvia is , of course , our very own Flyers superstar Oskars Bārtulis ( shown at right in Latvian Dark Red ) .
Bārtulis is from the town of Ogre , which is fitting since he's as money as Shrek is at the box office .
It 's Bārtulis ' first time on the Latvian Olympic team , meaning that Latvia is , to date , undefeated at the Olympics with him in the lineup .
Bārtulis registered an assist against the Jaroslav Halak - led Habs on Saturday .
If Latvian defensemen can get on the scoresheet against the Slovak goalie , just imagine how well their forwards will do !
Forwards : I 'm sure they 're awesome , but I do n't know a whole lot about the players who will be doing the primary scoring for the Latvians .
Kaspars Daugaviņš and Mārtiņš Karsums are both currently AHLers , so they should be banked on for a solid eight or so goals each during the tournament .
Aleksandrs Ņiživijs has the most goals for Dinamo Riga of any of the Latvian team members , but he earns that distinction with only six goals on the season .
Basically , Latvia is going to need to count on some secondary scoring from Skrastiņš and Bārtulis ( and maybe even the occaisonal Hextallian empty netter from Naumovs ) if they 're going to go all the way .
Prediction : Latvia will stun the Russians early in the tournament by getting on the scoreboard , and will keep things vaguely competitive in the rest of group play against the Czechs and Slovaks .
Firmly under the radar , the Latvians will reel off consecutive shock wins against Finland , Sweden , Russia and Canada to win the country 's first gold at the Winter Olympics .
Latvian Schedule : vs. Russia ( Tuesday 11:55 pm EST ) ; vs. Czech Republic ( Friday 7:30 pm EST ) ; vs. Slovakia ( Saturday 7:30 pm EST ) ; Playoff and Medal Rounds ( February 23 - 28 , TBA ) .
The first two Latvian games will be on CNBC , because everybody knows that the Latvians mean business .
The third will be on MSNBC , because by that point the hype surrounding this team will be as big as Keith Olbermann 's head .
Latvian Phrase of the Day : Es nodarbojos ar ziemas sporta veidiem ! =
I play winter sports !
A Distinctive Digital Marketing Company That Never tires !
We are EON8 .
We just not talk .
We believe , dive and strive to take your business marketing to infinity & beyond .
At EON8 , we pave the pathway to your business growth by leveraging the power of digital media at large .
Redefining a brand ’s success while not compromising to offer the best quality digitally - driven services is what keeps us climbing high .
We club innovative ideas , expert professionals and effective strategies together to make your business take a leap forward .
Today NOAA officially announced www.climate.gov
It did n’t take skeptics long to find a sin of omission .
WUWT reader Dave N. pointed this one out to me .
Let ’s start with the lecture to skeptics in the Dec 31st 2009 story “ What the future may hold ” which is an article about sea ice extent .
The climate.gov website has been in “ beta ” for a couple of months .
It was announced first on WUWT on December 2nd , 2009 .
There has been plenty of time to correct this story .
The story states :
“ When you ’re in a court of law , you have to swear to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth .
The people who have been focusing on the ‘ cooling ’ have not been telling the whole truth , ”
It appears right below this graphic :
This NOAA.gov story for their new “ ClimateWatch magazine ” , is written by Michon Scott .
It leaves out some important data that is obvious to everyone , skeptical or not .
The sea ice data , cited from NSIDC , stops in 2007 .
2008 and 2009 sea ice data and imagery , available to even the simplest of curiosity seekers at the publicly available NSIDC or even Cryosphere Today websites , is not included in the graphic .
Mr. Scott chooses the historical satellite record minimum of 2007 as the endpoint for comparison .
This leaves a reader who is “ not in the know ” , with the false impression that sea ice has not recovered in any way .
Sometimes I wonder if these government types have any idea of just how blazingly stupid they look when they lecture skeptics , but purposely dig their own obvious data omission hole in the same article .
Here ’s the 2008 and 2009 imagery .
It took me all of about a minute of work to find it .
Above : Average , 2007 , 2008 and 2009 Arctic sea ice extent .
From NSIDC
Or how about Cryosphere Today , showing the 2008 and 2009 minimum days side by side ?
You do n’t need to work for NOAA to find this sea ice extent imagery .
There ’s no excuse for NOAA not showing the 2008 and 2009 sea ice data or imagery in this story .
None , zilch , zero , zip , nada .
Suffice it to say , this piece on www.climate.gov is propaganda with a lie of omission .
It is not science because it omits a portion of the data that disagrees with the article ’s premise .
So to Tom Karl , the new director of this machine , I use the again words written by your employee , Michon Scott with a single substitution .
“ When you ’re in a court of law , you have to swear to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth .
The people who have been focusing on the ‘ warming ’ have not been telling the whole truth , ”
Rather than lecture us about “ truth ” while at the same time omitting data not in line with the premise of the article , I suggest that if NOAA is to have any credibility with this website , you should fix this omission and present the true and complete history of the sea ice record .
The sooner the better .
For those that agree and wish to complain , a review of NOAA ’s “ Information Quality ” policy might prove useful :
See it here : http://www.cio.noaa.gov/Policy_Programs/info_quality.html
For those who want to make the issue known to the newly appointed man in charge :
thomas.r.karl [ at ] noaa.gov
He might need a reminder that he works for us , not the other way around .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Bruno Senna says he is aiming to make his own name in Formula 1 from next year , when the Brazilian will make his grand prix debut with the Campos Meta team .
" I hope , in a short time , that everybody remembers me for being Bruno , myself , and not for my uncle 's surname , " Senna , nephew of three - time world champion Ayrton , told reporters during his official presentation as a Campos driver in Murcia , Spain .
" I 've learned to live with it and although it helped me at the beginning to find sponsors and find contacts , to be a driver you need to have a natural talent . "
The 2008 GP2 runner - up came close to racing in Formula 1 with the Brawn team in 2009 , but the Brackley - based squad opted to retain Rubens Barrichello instead .
Senna spent the year racing in the Le Mans Series , but will make the switch to Formula 1 with Spanish team Campos in 2010 .
The Brazilian says his goal for next year is to help Campos be the most successful of the four new teams .
" I want to score points for my new team and to be the best of all the new team .
Long term I would like to be Formula 1 world champion , it 's not enough just to get there , " he added .
Team boss Adrian Campos believes the best is yet to come from Senna .
" I wanted to sign him for my GP2 team a few years ago , " Campos was quoted as saying by EFE .
" With the little experience he has he lapped with Honda in similar times to those of Button .
The best from Bruno is yet to come .
" He was runner - up in GP2 , something that 's not achievable for everybody .
These days drivers reach [ F1 ] with 1,200 or 1,300 races behind them .
Bruno has 200 at best . "
Campos admitted it was looking unlikely to have Pedro de la Rosa in the second car , and said Venezuelan Pastor Maldonado and Russian Vitaly Petrov were the main candidates at the moment .
" I would like to have Pedro de la Rosa , but he 's Spanish and the Spanish sponsors are crestfallen , " Campos said .
" There are other options from Russia and Venezuela , but it all depends on the sponsor . "
The Spanish team boss , whose team will use Cosworth engines next year , said he was upbeat by the progress made by the company so far .
" Cosworth is going a great job with the engine , which they say it could be the big surprise .
I would be happy to be close to Mercedes and Ferrari .
According to the data from the dyno that I get every two weeks , we are there .
We are just lacking a bit on the power curve . "
Natural gas prices continue their recovery .
Cold weather has caused high levels of space heating that have resulted in reduced gas storage inventories .
Henry
Hub spot prices have recovered from their September $ 2.18 low to an average price of $ 5.56 / MMbtu in the week ending January 22 , 2010 ( Figure 1 ) .
The average daily spot price for 2009 was $ 3.95 / MMbtu .
Average wellhead gas prices increased in December 2009 to $ 4.31 / MMbtu from a September low of $ 2.84 ( Figure 2 ) .
The average wellhead price for 2009 was $ 3.61 / MMBtu .
Natural gas futures contracts suggest that gas prices will remain in the $ 5.50 - 6.00 / MMBtu range through Q3 2010 , and then increase toward $ 7.00 in Q4 2010 ( Figure 3 ) .
The contract for February 2010 delivery closed this week at $ 5.82 / MMBtu .
The gas - directed U.S. rig count increased by 22 during the week ending January 22 , and is 168 more than the low of 665 rigs in mid-July 2009 ( Figure 4 ) .
Most of the increase is due to shale gas drilling in the Louisiana Haynesville and Texas Eagle Ford Shale plays .
Current levels of gas - directed drilling do not seem warranted by either gas prices or storage inventories , and are likely to contribute to relatively low natural gas prices through 2010 , which will probably average $ 6.30 / MMBtu ( Bodell , personal communication ) .
Gas storage for the week ending January 15 was 2,607 Bcf following a withdrawal of 245 Bcf compared to a 176 withdrawal during this week a year ago .
Withdrawals have been generally higher for 2010 than for 2009 during the past two months ( Figure 5 ) .
Gas storage inventories are 22 Bcf higher than a year ago , and 6 Bcf less than the 5 - year average for this week ( Figure 6 ) .
The 245 Bcf withdrawal was 69 Bcf more than that of a year ago , and 80 Bcf more than the 5 - year average ( Figure 7 ) .
It is likely that depletion of gas storage inventories will continue through the winter , and supply will probably be at parity with recent years by the end of the first half of 2010 or sooner .
This would ordinarily result in a price increase , and still may , but continued drilling of high initial - rate shale gas wells , and depressed industrial demand because of the recession will probably keep gas prices near their current level through the winter heating season .
Additionally , gas prices are now high enough to cause switching from gas to coal for some electrical power generation plants , which will further lessen demand .
At the same time , the long period of declining gas - directed drilling from September 2008 to July 2009 should result in decreased supply , which may cause gas prices to increase .
This dynamic balance continues to puzzle analysts , and results in average 2010 price forecasts that range from $ 5.25 to $ 9.00 / MMBtu .
The wild card , of course , is the economy .
Apparent improvements in the U.S. and other leading world economies are probably related in part to massive government spending and support programs that are now slowing or ending .
Investors and consumers are worried and skeptical .
This week , China indicated that it will decrease lending and increase interest rates .
President Obama ’s intention to limit investment banks ’ ability to use federally insured funds for speculation dampened U.S. and other markets .
Finally , concern about the solvency of Greece , Spain and Dubai threatens economic recovery .
One analyst stated that now that the college BCS ( bowl championship series ) is over , we have the economic BCS to live with : banks , China and sovereign funds .
U.S. crude oil demand has been a useful gauge of economic direction for some time , and current trends suggest that the improvements of the past 5 or 6 weeks have reversed at least for now ( Figure 8 ) .
Crude oil demand is currently 2.3 MMbopd less that levels in January 2008 , and is almost 1 MMbopd below levels in January 2009 .
This suggests that , while the economy is improving , it has a long way to go before re-establishing pre-recession levels .
Recoveries are like that .
An international team of scientists thinks it has solved the ultimate mystery of the Neanderthals : where and when they made their last stand before extinction .
It was at Gibraltar 28,000 years ago , some 2,000 years more recently than previously thought .
The archaeologists and paleontologists reported yesterday finding several hundred stone tools in Gorham ’s Cave , on the rugged Mediterranean coast near the Rock of Gibraltar .
They are artifacts of the Mousterian technology , usually associated with Neanderthals .
So far , no fossil bones of the cave occupants have been uncovered .
The researchers said , however , that the tools established the survival of a population of Neanderthals , a people closely related to human ancestors , in the southernmost point of Western Europe long after they disappeared elsewhere .
These were , they concluded , the last Neanderthals “ currently recorded anywhere . ”
The scientists , led by Clive Finlayson of the Gibraltar Museum , announced the discovery at a news conference at the museum .
Their report was simultaneously published on the Web site of the journal Nature , www.nature.com.
It will appear in the journal at a later date .
