In the fall of 1996 , a $ 30 - million Hollywood production almost ground to a halt because of facial hair .
As producer Art Linson recounted in his 2002 memoir , " What Just Happened ? , " Alec Baldwin surprised everyone when he showed up to film " The Edge " ( 1997 ) , a man - against - nature thriller , with an overgrown beard .
A profanity - laced debate ensued between producer , star , agent and studio executives .
Finally it came down to this :
The execs , who had already sunk millions into the production , would n't shoot the picture with ...
Enough sunlight bathes Earth 's daytime half in an hour to meet all human energy needs for a year .
Sadly , there are several problems with meeting human energy demands by tapping such abundant , free solar power — not least of which is the cost of making semiconducting material that can cheaply harvest the power in sunlight .
But material improvements from the California Institute of Technology and IBM might just lower the cost of solar power .
Graduate student Michael Kelzenberg and other materials scientists at Caltech employed vertical crystals of silicon — microwires , like " blades of grass , " Kelzenberg says — to capture as much as 85 percent of the full spectrum of incoming sunlight , the researchers report in the February 14 Nature Materials .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
Their efficiency is almost as good as that of traditional silicon wafers , yet they require just one percent of the silicon in such wafers .
" With one one - hundredth of the material , we 've gotten it to absorb 96 percent of the peak visible light , " Kelzenberg says .
" There 's lots of reasons to believe this could be scaled to make thin - film solar cells . "
The researchers embedded the silicon blades in a bed of " fish - tank material , " flexible , clear silicone plastic known as polydimethylsiloxane .
That alone was enough for the rods to efficiently capture sunlight coming in at an angle .
But the direct sunlight of high noon failed to hit enough of the blades to efficiently initiate the flow of electrons .
So the team added nanoparticles of aluminum oxide to reflect and scatter the incoming sunlight , enabling it to hit more of the microwires .
" We have access to all the side walls of the wire , " Kelzenberg explains .
" It creates interesting junction geometries that absorb light and collect electricity . "
No actual solar cells have been produced from the new microwires , yet .
But " if you can't absorb light efficiently , then you certainly can't convert it to electricity efficiently , " notes Caltech chemist Nate Lewis , who was also involved in the research .
The silicon blades show enough light absorption to make them " interesting candidates from which to make solar cells . "
Of course , thin - film silicon solar cells already exist , but they have struggled to match the efficiency of traditional silicon photovoltaics at absorbing light or turning it into electricity .
The new microwires of silicon achieve similar efficiency at a fraction of the material cost .
" Our goal is to make a thin - film [ solar ] cell that gets you the efficiency of a regular wafer - based solar cell , " Kelzenberg says .
" I certainly hope to see that come to fruition within the next few years . "
There are also other semiconducting materials that might prove as cheap as the silicon microwires to produce .
Already , thin - film photovoltaic cells made from copper indium gallium selenide ( CIGS ) or cadmium telluride are available with efficiencies in the field of roughly 11 percent and prices as low as $ 1 per watt , according to manufacturer First Solar .
But both of these types of cells are made from rare or expensive materials : tellurium is rare , and indium is expensive because it is also employed in flat - panel televisions .
Researchers at IBM , however , have produced a similar thin - film solar cell from a combination of copper , zinc , tin , selenium and sulfur — all relatively abundant , inexpensive materials .
The new cell can turn 9.6 percent of incoming sunlight into electricity , according to testing from the U.S. Department of Energy 's National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden , Colo .
Materials scientist David Mitzi of IBM and his team report in the February 8 Advanced Materials that they replaced the indium in a CIGS cell with zinc and tin .
Previous work in Japan had shown that such " kesterite " cells could achieve efficiencies of nearly 7 percent — not enough for deployment in the field , where lab efficiencies are usually cut at least in half — but promising .
By varying the ratio of sulfur and selenium , Mitzi and his colleagues were able to boost the overall efficiency of the kesterite solar cell by 40 percent .
" Increasing the sulfur does increase the open - circuit voltage of the device , " Mitzi says .
And " it 's not obvious that this is limited to low efficiency , " meaning there is more room to improve .
IBM itself has no plans to manufacture such kesterite cells , preferring to license the technology .
But the group has also made a breakthrough in the manufacturing process .
Typical thin - film solar cells are made from depositing a layer of the applicable materials as a vapor in a vacuum , which necessitates high - energy expenditures to both vaporize the materials and maintain the vacuum as well as intensive quality control to minimize introduced defects .
But the IBM team deposited most of its material as a mixture of particles and solution , like printing with kesterite " ink " made from copper and tin in solution with particles of zinc .
The sulfur and / or selenium was then added as a vapor .
Similarly , companies such as XsunX are working on importing some of the vapor - based deposition improvements from industries such as computer hard - drive manufacturers to the solar cell business .
The ultimate benefit of both of these technologies may be flexibility as well as cost — both the silicon microwires and kesterite cells could conceivably be made into a variety of flexible devices , including some woven into fabrics , Mitzi says .
Already , Dow Chemical and Global Solar have created a solar roof shingle that employs CIGS thin - film cells to generate electricity .
But , as it stands — despite an ongoing boom in rooftop and ground - based photovoltaic panels — solar power contributes roughly 0.1 percent of U.S. electricity needs .
New thin - film technologies aim to boost that , cheaply .
" Unless solar can get to a cost point that is competitive with conventional carbon - based energy sources , it 's not going to take off , " Mitzi says .
Solar " production is approaching gigawatt scale .
But if one wants to really have solar take off and address large - scale energy issues in the world , one needs to increase that by orders of magnitude . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The radical Islamist group which provoked widespread condemnation for planning a march in Wootton Bassett , has been banned .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson said that banning Islam4UK was necessary to " tackle terrorism " .
But the group 's leader has told the BBC they will carry on under another name .
Daniel Sandford reports .
While this editorial cartoon resembles Rush Limbaugh it could stand for any fringe person who is given a pulpit to spew lies and hatred .
I must give credit to Jammer has written several interesting posts lately , the most recent title gave me the line of Flatulence in Broadcasting ( a take off of Limbaugh ’s Excellence in Broadcasting Network ) which inspired this cartoon .
Notice the acronym is F.I.B .
Also interesting are Jammer ’s posts on hatred and how the fringe becomes the mainstream .
The only real error that I saw in the last post is that he only focused on the right fringe , while the left is alive and well ( they just do n’t get as good of ratings ) .
One difference though is when Olbermann spews lies and rants , he is is percieved as representing the left but not the Democratic Party .
When Limbaugh does it , he is viewed as a party leader ?
How did this happen ?
Michael Steele and the moderates need to take back their party from the fringe elements .
The fringe represents a small portion of the party yet are getting all the press .
The problem is when a person on the fringe of your beliefs is given a microphone and allowed to talk .
Are YOU going to let that person talk for you ?
Because if you do and say nothing when you disagree with thier words or actions , the fringe is percieved as the Mainstream .
When the first Tea Party rally happened in Cincinnati , there were a handful of people who held up nasty and sometimes racist signs about Obama .
Who do you think got the press ?
And while there were some in the crowd who told them to take it down , there were others who chose to ignore it .
You have two choices in that case , either disassociate yourself from the group entirely or stand up when someone is misrepresenting your opinion .
If you do n’t , their opinion becomes your opinion in the minds of others .
There are plenty of websites , that I no longer like to comment on anymore because the owners allow political bile to go beyond discourse .
I am all for freedom of speech but remember that YOU control your website .
You allow this to happen on a regular basis and their views will become the perception of your beliefs .
or help share the post by clicking below …
It 's hard to believe that YouTube , which now streams more than 1bn videos a day , only registered its domain name five years ago
People who want to see the latest viral videos , very old TV commercials and pop videos , great sporting moments or almost anything else that can be delivered in a brief video , will usually turn to YouTube , which now serves up more than 1bn streams a day .
YouTube has become so engrained in everyday life online that we now take it for granted , but it did n't even exist five years ago .
The startup registered its internet domain name , youtube.com , on 14 February 2005 , as co-founder and chief executive Chad Hurley recalled on the company blog yesterday .
However , it was still some way from providing a service , and YouTube was n't officially launched until December .
No doubt there will be more fifth birthday celebrations then .
Although there were other online video services around at the time , YouTube took off .
It made it easy to upload and view videos , and also to embed them on blogs and other web sites , so you did n't have to go to YouTube to watch them : it was " like Flickr for videos " .
Google bought the company for $ 1.65 bn in 2006 , less than a year after its launch , but is still working on ways to make money out of it .
YouTube has upset some movie studios , TV stations , music companies and other content providers because users often upload clips that they may regard as violations of their copyrights , rather than as free publicity .
However , it has also helped lots of ordinary people to reach a vast audience , and achieve some species of fame .
YouTube 's most - watched video at the moment is " Charlie bit my finger " , which has been viewed 160 m times .
Judson Laipply 's Evolution of Dance is now trailing in second place with 137 m views , ahead of Miley Cyrus 's music video for 7 Things ( 110 m ) .
Seen them all before ?
Let us know your favourite YouTube videos below .
YouTube 's top five videos
1. Charlie bit my finger - again !
( 160,150,052 views to date )
2. Evolution of Dance ( 137,007,826 views )
3. Miley Cyrus - 7 Things - Official Music Video ( HQ ) ( 110,524,702 views )
4. Hahaha - Small daring boy ( 107,357,309 views )
5. Jeff Dunham - Achmed the Dead Terrorist ( 106,529,954 views )
US troop death toll reached 2,000 on same day Rumsfeld wrote letter
Amidst a new batch of torture - related documents released to the American Civil Liberties Union on Monday , a letter bearing former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld ’s signature stands out .
On October 25 , 2005 , Rumsfeld wrote to President George W. Bush , “ Attached is an article on the subject of detainees that came from a staff reporter of the Wall Street Journal , which I think covers the subject pretty dam [ sic ] well . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The letter ( pdf link ) contains a copy of an October 5 , 2005 editorial written by the Wall Street Journal ’s Robert L. Pollock titled “ The ‘ Torture Narrative ’ Unravels . ”
“ It ’s hardly a secret that Pfc. Lynndie England was sentenced last week for her role as ‘ leash girl ’ in the infamous abuses photographed at Iraq ’s Abu Ghraib prison in late 2003 , ” Pollock wrote in 2005 .
“ But it was also noticeable that the denouement of this spectacular story was relegated to the innards of newspapers that had once given it weeks of front - page treatment .
That ’s almost surely because the trial of the last of the Maryland Army Reservists to face justice –like those of the others that came before her–offered no evidence to support claims that the abuses were caused by a Bush administration that had ‘ created the climate ’ or ‘ set the tone ’ for ‘ torture . ' ”
Pollock even specifically noted that Rumsfeld was in the hot seat .
“ Almost immediately the leaked photos of Pfc. England and her compatriots generated calls for Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld ’s resignation , ” Pollock continued .
“ So - called torture memos were unearthed , in which administration lawyers had discussed the range of permissible interrogation techniques –for al Qaeda suspects in the wake of 9/11 .
And by one of the greatest leaps of logic ever seriously entertained in our national discourse , those memos were said to have caused the behavior of soldiers in Iraq who knew nothing beyond the limits outlined in the Army Field Manual .
Ted Kennedy , for one , offered up a useful reminder of why Americans have never wanted him to be president by declaring that ‘ Saddam ’s torture chambers reopened under new management , U.S. management . ' ”
Pollock ’s conclusion : “ Let me add some final words on how the Abu Ghraib scandal has affected America ’s image in Iraq .
It has n’t been helpful , of course .
But–having traveled there three times in the past 2 1 / 2 years , most recently in August –I can attest that the dominant image of the American soldier in the minds of most Iraqis is that of liberator , as depicted in the sculpture shown here by a craftsman from Saddam ’s hometown of Tikrit .
Americans can be proud of the way their young men and women have performed in Iraq and elsewhere in the war on terror .
And they can be proud of the way the military has meted out justice for those few abuses that have occurred . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Although some observers might find it bizarre that Rumsfeld would send an op - ed still pushing the “ US troops will be viewed as liberators ” meme in October of 2005 , the president of Iraq , Jalal Talabani , said as much to Bush in September of 2008 .
Weeks before Rumsfeld wrote Bush , Sen. Jefferson Sessions ( R - AL ) cited the WSJ editorial during a debate on the floor about adding an amendment prohibiting torture to the 2006 Department of Defense appropriations act .
Referring to Abu Ghraib , Sessions said , “ Those guards , have all been tried and convicted .
The Wall Street Journal , just a couple of days ago , published an op - ed entitled ‘ The ` Torture Narrative ’ Unravels . ’
It noted that the trial and conviction of PFC Lynndie England , who was sentenced as the ‘ leash girl ’ for her activities there , ‘ was relegated to the innards of newspapers . ’
That did not make any big news –the Army ’s professional , proper response to a lack of discipline . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The op - ed goes on to note that ‘ by one of the greatest leaps of logic ever seriously entertained in our national discourse , those memos ’ – that were written by the Department of Justice in analyzing what the President ’s proper powers were with regard to the detaining of enemy soldiers , who are not lawful combatants –that it was ‘ one of the greatest leaps of logic ever seriously entertained in our national discourse ’ to say that memos as part of a discussion in the Department of Justice of the United States had anything to do with those soldiers in Iraq carrying out that abuse , ” Sessions continued .
“ But that is what was alleged .
It was during a campaign season , I understand , and it resulted in calls for the resignation of Secretary Rumsfeld and , I guess , to call for the removal of the President of the United States before the election . ”
Sessions was just one of five senators to vote against the McCain - sponsored amendment , S.AMDT.1977 , which “ prohibits torture by confining military interrogations to the techniques in the U.S. Army Field Manual on Interrogation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The same day Rumsfeld wrote that letter , the media reported that the death toll for US troops in Iraq had reached the 2,000 mark .
An article on MSNBC.com reported , “ The chief spokesman for the American - led multinational force called on reporters covering not to look at the 2,000th death since March 2003 as a milestone , describing the number as an ‘ artificial mark on the wall . ’ ”
Things got worse for the Secretary of Defense shortly after he wrote that letter .
As more torture allegations continued to mount , reports surfaced that the Pentagon was secretly paying Iraqi newspapers off , and US casualties continued to dominate news reports , progress in Iraq began to be seen as pessimistic by both parties .
Rumsfeld was able to stick it out for another year or so , before suddenly resigning after the November 2006 elections .
Jamie Sabau / Getty Images
Though considered an ignoble and obstinate animal , mules have proved to be among the most important animals in history .
In fact , the American West was settled largely due to the pioneering spirit of a few select Easterners and the relentlessly powerful mule teams they drove .
When Johan Franzen began his career in 2005 with the Detroit Red Wings , the hope was he'd use his size effectively enough to be a decent penalty killer and third - line forward .
During that year 's training camp , captain Steve Yzerman noticed the large and powerful Swede exerting himself with such ferocity he remarked that Franzen " works like a mule . "
From that point on , Johan " Mule " Franzen became a permanent fixture on the Red Wings ' roster .
However , his role as just a gritty defensive forward did n't last long , as the end of the 2007 - 08 season saw Franzen emerge as perhaps the team 's most natural goal scorer .
Franzen eclipsed Gordie
Howe 's franchise record for most game - winning goals in one month ( five ) when he scored six in March of 2008 .
Franzen lead the team in scoring during the playoffs that year , potting 13 goals en route to Detroit 's fourth Stanley Cup in 11 years .
The following season , Franzen proved his unlikely emergence as one of the league 's best power - forwards was no fluke as he was again one of Detroit 's most reliable offensive weapons , scoring 34 goals among 59 points in the regular season and 23 points in 23 playoff games in 2008 - 09 .
Not bad for an unheralded third - round pick ( 2004 ) the team was hoping would turn out to be a reasonably effective grinder .
True to form , Franzen scored the Red Wings ' first game - winning goal this season against Chicago , the team 's third game of the year .
Unfortunately , that was the last time Franzen has been on the ice for the Red Wings , as he suffered a torn ACL during the game that required surgery and rehabilitation for most of the season .
Franzen is set to make his return Tuesday night against the St. Louis Blues .
As much as he 's meant to his team over the past four seasons , he 's going to be counted on to be nothing short of a messiah for the Red Wings ' playoff hopes .
Amidst the multitude of injuries , scoring slumps and defensive lapses that have exemplified the Red Wings ' season to date , the Red Wings ' hallmark this season , has been their inability to maintain a sustained effort for 60 minutes a game .
The Wings have lost 31 games this year ( 21 - 10 ) and sit ninth in the West .
Twelve of those losses have come as the result of the Red Wings ' surrendering leads .
The latest was one of the more embarrassing they 've faced this season .
On Saturday in Los Angeles , the Red Wings ' jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead against a very good Kings team to end the first period .
By the end of the second , the score was tied 3 - 3 .
With less than three minutes left in the game , Detroit surrendered their fourth and final unanswered goal and left the Staples Center losers of two straight .
What made this loss embarrassing was certainly not their opponents .
The young LA Kings team is absolutely for real and is going to be prepared to do some serious damage in the playoffs .
No , what was so embarrassing was the fact that , with their playoff lives now firmly hanging in the balance and a gloriously dominating start in the first period and a 3 - 0 lead to work with , they could n't manage to work hard enough to win the game .
They could n't even hang on for a point .
Now , Detroit did play an outstanding third period , firing shot after shot at Kings goalie Jonathan Quick and hitting two posts .
However , the problem was the contest 's middle frame in which they allowed the Kings back into the game by letting off on the pressure , turning the puck over , and allowing the Kings to dictate the pace of the game .
All this led to three unanswered goals , setting the Kings up for a " next goal wins " scenario in the third .
Folks , this was game 58 of 82 , and with the exception of Franzen , all of Detroit 's marquee players were in the line - up .
If , at this point in the season , this team can't win after giving themselves a three goal lead , their chances of winning the vast majority of the next 24 games are less than probable .
That being said , the hockey gods made sure that , once again , the insult of Detroit 's loss was augmented with the now requisite injury , three of them in fact .
Tomas Holmstrom ( leg ) , Patrick Eaves ( ankle ) , and Drew Miller ( ankle ) all finished the game somewhere in the bowels of the Staples Center , and their status for Tuesday is questionable at the very best .
All three of these players have been important pieces for the Wings this season , and their loss is not going to be absorbed easily , especially if all three are gone for an extended period of time .
Enter Johan Franzen .
From the time he went down to injury , the Red Wings have envisioned a scenario in which his return would prove to be merely fuel to the Wings ' already blazing fire , rather than the spark they hope ignites it .
When he takes the ice in Game 59 , the Red Wings are praying it will be analogous to dropping a Molotov cocktail onto the smoldering embers that is their season .
This is hardly the position they wanted to put Franzen in , but nevertheless , his team 's lackluster play the entire season makes his return infinitely more important than it should have been .
However , just as any machine requires several pieces in place in order to work properly , sometimes one player can complete a team in such a way that what was once stalled begins to move forward with velocity .
Franzen 's work ethic that has remained intact since his first training camp may just be what the Red Wings need to finally stop shooting themselves in the foot and make a serious run towards the playoffs .
Then again , as any settler of the American West would tell you , one mule does not a team make .
Auf der Fosdem 2010 holte Linux - Magazin Online den Android - Kommentator Jan Wildeboer sowie den Maintainer des Kernel - Staging - Trees , Greg Kroah - Hartman , aus aktuellem Anlass zusammen vor die Kamera .
Wildeboer befürchtet in einem Blogeintrag im Vorfeld der Fosdem , Google forke den Linux - Kernel .
Er rief sogar dazu auf , das von Google auf dem Fosdem Beer Event gesponserte Freibier zu boykottieren – und bekam eins auf die Pfoten : “ Es ist Fosdem - Regel , Politik oder Religion nicht mit unserer Arbeit zu vermischen ” , rügt ein Fosdem - Organisator in den Kommentaren .
Wildeboers Blogeintrag bezieht sich darauf , dass Greg Kroah - Hartman kürzlich die Android - Treiber aus dem Staging - Tree herausnahm .
In dem Video sprechen Jan Wildeboer und Greg Kroah - Hartman mit Redakteur Nils Magnus über Googles Vorgehen sowie darüber , was für ein Unternehmen dazu gehört , Teil der Linux - Community zu sein – und inwiefern Google dazu bereit ist .
By Robert Samuelson - December 7 , 2009
WASHINGTON -- President Obama 's critics sometimes say that he is engineering a government takeover of health care or even introducing " socialized medicine " into America .
These allegations are wildly overblown .
Government already dominates health care , one - sixth of the economy .
It pays directly or indirectly for roughly half of all health costs .
Medicine is pervasively regulated , from drug approvals to nursing home rules .
There is no " free market " in health care .
What 's actually happening is just the reverse , which is more interesting and alarming : Health care is taking over government .
Consider .
In 1980 , the federal government spent $ 65 billion on health care ; that was 11 percent of all its spending .
By 2008 , health outlays had grown to $ 752 billion -- 25 percent of the total , one dollar in four .
Even without new legislation , the health share would grow , as an aging population uses more Medicare ( insurance for the elderly ) and Medicaid ( the joint federal - state insurance for the poor , including the very poor elderly ) .
Obama would magnify the trend by expanding Medicaid and providing new subsidies for private insurance .
Thirty million or more Americans would receive coverage .
All this is transforming politics and society .
The most obvious characteristic of health spending is that government can't control it .
The reason is public opinion .
We all want the best health care for ourselves and loved ones ; that 's natural and seems morally compelling .
Unfortunately , what we all want as individuals may harm us as a nation .
Our concern sanctions open - ended and ineffective health spending , because everyone believes that cost controls are heartless and illegitimate .
The recent furor over proposals to reduce mammograms captures the popular feeling .
One consequence is a slow , steady and largely invisible degradation of other public and private goals .
The historian Niall Ferguson , writing recently in Newsweek , argued that the huge federal debt threatens America 's global power by an " inexorable reduction in the resources " for the military .
Ferguson got it half right .
The real threat is not the debt but burgeoning health spending that , even if the budget were balanced , would press on everything else .
" Everything else " includes universities , roads , research , parks , courts , border protection and -- because similar pressures operate on states through Medicaid -- schools , police , trash collection and libraries .
Higher health spending similarly weakens families ' ability to raise children , because it reduces households ' discretionary income either through steeper taxes or lower take - home pay , as higher employer - paid premiums squeeze salaries .
A society that passively accepts constant increases in health spending endorses some explicit , if poorly understood , forms of income redistribution .
The young transfer to the elderly , because about half of all health spending goes for those 55 and over .
Unless taxes are increased disproportionately for older Americans ( and just the opposite is true ) , they are subsidized by the young .
More and more resources also go to a small sliver of the population :
In 2006 , the sickest 5 percent of Americans accounted for 48 percent of health spending .
Political power in this system shifts .
It flows to groups that promote and defend more health spending -- AARP , the lobby for Americans 50 and over , and also provider organizations such as the American Medical Association ( AMA ) , which represents doctors .
Predictably , AARP has been active in the present debate .
It claims to have participated in 649 town - hall and other meetings and to have reached more than 50 million people through ads this year .
Not surprisingly , AARP and the AMA recently conducted a joint TV ad campaign .
The rise of health care nation has confounded America 's political and intellectual leaders , of both left and right .
No one wants to appear unfeeling by denying anyone treatment that seems needed ; no one wants to endorse openly meddling with doctors ' independence .
It 's easier to perpetuate and enlarge the status quo than undertake the difficult job of restructuring the health care system to provide better and less costly care .
Obama 's health care proposals may be undesirable ( they are ) , but it 's mindless to oppose them -- as many Republicans do -- by screaming that they 'll lead to " rationing . "
Almost everything in society is " rationed , " either by price ( if you can't afford it , you can't buy it ) or explicit political decisions ( school boards have budgets ) .
Health care is an exception ; it enjoys an open tab .
The central political problem of health care nation is to find effective and acceptable ways to limit medical spending .
Democrats are no better .
Obama talks hypocritically about restraining deficits and controlling health costs while his program would increase spending and worsen the budget outlook .
Democrats congratulate themselves on caring for the uninsured -- who already receive much care -- while avoiding any major overhaul of the delivery system .
The resulting society discriminates against the young and increasingly assigns economic resources and political choice to an unrestrained medical - industrial complex .
Exclusive The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , most powerful particle - smasher ever assembled by the human race and possible portal to other dimensions , is to fire up its beams following the Xmas break in a week 's time .
Official spokesmen for international particle - punishing science alliance CERN have thus far remained cagey about the exact date for the mighty machine 's restart , but persons familiar with the matter tell the Reg that the 2010 proton billiards season is set to open on Thursday the 25th .
Our sources suggest that the initial beams will be relatively gentle 450 giga - electron - volt ones , for a mild 900 GeV collision energy .
The following few weeks will see the Big Knob turned gradually up until the beams are at 3.5 tera - electron - volts and particles are thus colliding at 7 TeV .
The LHC is designed to go still further to a blistering 14 TeV , but boffinry chiefs fear that cranking it up that high might lead to another electro - blast liquid helium superfluid explosion disaster of the sort which crippled the LHC following its original startup in 2008 .
The plan is to run it this year at half power , hopefully beating the rival US Tevatron in the race to find the coveted Higgs boson , and then carry out modifications which will allow full - poke operations .
Next week 's fire - up will also , of course , be the cue for a large cast of eccentric LHC - fearing doom prophets to clap tinfoil hat on head and dive under the bed - or , in the case of more hardline members of the anti-Collider movement , take more active measures .
Our candidate for world champion heavyweight LHC - botherer , the man known simply as " Doctor Dark Energy " , says he plans to obtain a nuclear weapon from Osama bin Laden and use it to take out CERN head Rolf Heuer - " and all his bigbangers " .
We certainly hope he does n't manage it : we here on the Reg dimensional - portal desk are looking forward to the advent of visitors from beyond our continuum , as forecast by top CERN boffin Sergio Bertolucci .
Even if they are liable to be merely sub-subatomic , ultra - briefly - existing phenomena , rather than the possible teleporting juggernaut - tyrants from the Nth dimension . ®
AFP
AS THE orchestra of chirrups and pings in any public place in the rich world attests , the market for mobile phones in developed countries is saturated — and even in some developing ones opportunities for growth are running short .
So big mobile operators , including those from emerging economies , are looking for growth wherever it can be found .
Bharti Airtel , the biggest Indian operator when measured by subscribers , said on Monday February 15th that it is hoping to expand beyond one of the world 's fastest growing markets and into another .
It is in talks with Zain , a Kuwaiti telecoms company , to buy its sub-Saharan assets for $ 10.7 billion and bring together African and Indian mobile - phone expertise .
Bharti has tried to move into Africa before .
Two previous efforts to merge with South Africa 's MTN fell through , the latest in September last year .
The deal was blocked by South Africa 's government , which was unwilling to let go of a national champion .
If the new deal proceeds Bharti should find a warmer welcome in the 15 countries , including Nigeria , Uganda and Tanzania , where Zain provides mobile phones to some 42 m customers .
Although the mobile - phone business is still booming in India , growth there is slowing .
Competition , not least from operators based in the rich world , has brought the number of mobile operators in the country to 12 and a brutal price war is under way .
Recent new arrivals include Norway 's Telenor and Japan's NTTDoCoMo .
Penetration rates in India are at around 50 % compared with 40 % in much of Africa .
Bharti sees a chance to stake a claim in the fastest growing region in the world and to do so profitably .
Zain has fared badly in Africa along with other Middle Eastern operators perhaps because their home turf has been heavily regulated .
Most acted as comfortable monopolists until only recently .
Bharti on the other hand has a good deal of experience in wringing out profits in a poor country where competition is growing .
Africa merely adds more diversity and the potential for political instability to the challenge .
It helps , too , that Bharti brings expertise of running low - cost operations in markets where consumers have very low incomes .
It does this by sharing infrastructure and outsourcing most operations such as IT and running networks , leaving the risk of expanding to meet the needs of subscribers to others while it concentrates on marketing and strategy .
And Bharti's size and clout should allow it to pay much less than Zain for network towers and the like in Africa .
Bharti's ability to concentrate on its customers should yield rewards in Africa , where innovations to bring down costs to customers have already helped to boost profits of other firms .
MTN , for example , pioneered dynamic tariffs that charge users to make calls according to how many other callers are using a network at a given time .
And Zain 's own scheme of “ borderless roaming ” lets customers move between Kenya , Tanzania and Uganda and make calls without incurring disproportionate charges .
Africans are also in the vanguard of providing mobile money .
M-PESA , a successful service available in Kenya through Safaricom , lets mobile users transfer cash using their phones .
Zain has a mobile - money service , Zap , that operates in several African markets that should give Bharti useful experience and a head start if it is taken up as enthusiastically elsewhere .
Creating a transcontinental wireless operator seems to make sense .
But critics of the proposed deal worry that Bharti may have over - bid for Zain 's African businesses .
Bharti's investors seem to agree : the firm 's shares fell sharply on Monday when news of discussions with Zain emerged .
The growing confidence of India 's corporate bosses in the past decade has resulted in a shopping spree for foreign assets that has not always been governed by sound business logic , such as Tata 's purchase of Jaguar Land Rover in 2008 .
And Vivendi , the French media and telecoms giant , broke off talks in July with Zain about acquiring these assets for around the same price , citing fears about “ profitability and financial discipline ” .
But if Bharti applies the same techniques to Africa that made it so successful in India it seems destined to bring mobile phones to ever more of the world 's poorest people .
The day I walked past the Savoy happened to be September 7 2009 , the day on which Samoa became the first country in decades to switch from driving on the right to the infinitely more sensible , and demonstrably safer , practise of driving on the left .
( I ’m not joking about it being safer : this is statistically true .
Nobody is quite sure why , but the suspicion is that it ’s because we are right - eye dominant , by and large , and our way of driving uses the right eye more .
Or maybe foreigners are just thicker than us . )
I had been reading up on the subject .
I ’d been reading about how most countries used to drive on the left , because it ’s the logical side to get on a horse for right - handed people , and about how almost all the countries that still drive on the left had a strong British influence and are islands .
I was mulling over these things and then it struck me : this could n’t go in a novel .
A novel with a disquisition on the difference between driving on the left and on the right would be … well , let ’s just say I would n’t be in a hurry to read it .
Germany 's foreign minister , Guido Westerwelle , backed the idea of a permanent European army Saturday .
While speaking to the Munich Security Conference , Westerwelle said a parliamentary run army would help the EU in its role as a " global player " .
Advertising Read more
AFP - Germany supports the creation of a European army in the long term so that the EU can be a " global player , " Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle told the Munich Security Conference on Saturday .
" The long - term goal is the establishment of a European army under full parliamentary control .
The European Union must live up to its political role as a global player .
It must be able to manage crises independently .
It must be able to respond quickly , flexibly and to take a united stand , " he said .
" We want strong European crisis management .
This is not intended to replace other security structures .
More Europe is not a strategy directed against anyone .
No one has any reason to fear Europe , but everyone should be able to depend on Europe , " he added .
He said however that this would require a pooling of resources and distribution of responsibility " even in times of ever scarcer means . "
The concept of a European army was set out in the 27 - nation EU 's reforming Lisbon Treaty , " he said .
" United Europe will only be secure if my generation , which has never experienced war , suffering or hunger , is strongly committed to European integration , " Westerwelle said .
" And my generation has a chance to extend this cooperation model far beyond Western Europe , perhaps even to the whole of the European continent . "
Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe
If there is ever a zombie attack I think the staging ground or headquarters will be at a Home Depot .
Five years ago I could walk into a Home Depot without a clue where anything was or even how to install it , and there would be a handy , knowledgeable staff member to not only point me in the right direction but suggest what else I might need or perhaps what the best way to install something would be .
Fast forward to today and it's a very different picture .
Today if I walk into a Home Depot and have no clue what aisle the nails are in , it would be easier and faster for me to actually melt steel and forge a nail myself than to find someone to ask where they 're located .
I was told by a staff member doing his best impression of a deranged homeless person , randomly wandering around in a daze , that " I do n't think we carry nails at this store . "
True story !
Now if I was looking for an actual tool then I know I would have to go into the mini-store located within the Home Depot store called the " Tool Corral " which has its own separate cash register .
I 'm not sure what made all these tools so unruly that they needed to be herded up and corralled into a separate store altogether within the main store , but I 'm sure they must have been way out of line … except maybe the laser levelers .
God forbid you need assistance in the " Tool Corral " because you have less of a chance of getting help in there then you do of getting out of Home Depot sane , which is a long shot at best .
The only person in the " Tool Corral " is a creature resembling a human being at the register who 's staring into the laser scanner like a mesmerized moth .
I also know that if I needed lumber of any kind I would have to get it myself using a handy dolly with only one functioning wheel , of which there are two in the whole store .
Unfortunately , one of them is being used by a staff member to transport items to be stocked later , once the staff member remembers where they left it , which likely will never happen .
So unless I just happen to be building something with the exact lengths and widths of the lumber in stock , invariably I would need it cut .
Clandestine rallies outside of makeshift trailers are on the rise .
CUSTOMERS ARE URGED TO REPORT ANY SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY TO 911 , NOT THE MANAGER .
Of course , since there 's no living person in sight , I have to cut it myself at the " cutting station " with something vaguely resembling the sad memory of what used to be a saw , which if you look closely has a few drops of blood and some hair on it .
To make matters easier , the sad , now long dead saw is attached to the same kind of chain they use to anchor aircraft carriers to the dock …. apparently so the saw does n't walk away .
I guess this is all part of that whole tool imprisonment corral theme .
Occasionally there is the random frightened older person who actually asks me in desperation where something in the store is , not because I 'm wearing an orange apron , but because they are old and wise and know they have a much higher probability of actually getting a correct answer from a total stranger who does n't technically work there than finding and asking an actual employee ( of which we 've already established there are none ) .
" Paint ?
Oh , that 's in aisle twelve , " I reply to the scarred and intimidated geriatric person , all the while thinking of my own grandmother who would need the same help .
Big mistake !
Now that I 've demonstrated a functioning brain cell in this vast warehouse of vacant minds , no less than eight people ( on their way to zombie conversion ) immediately descend on me like they 've just realized they forgot to eat my brain and I somehow slipped through the cracks by accident .
In a desperate act of survival I instantly throw my arms out in front of me , perpendicular to my body , palms down and level with the floor , and start chanting in a monotone vapid tone :
" This is n't my section ….. this is n't my section …. this is n't my section …… this is n't my section . "
Looking dejected , the crowd disperses and I aimlessly Frankenstein - walk away to the next aisle just to escape the inquisitive , wrinkled horde .
Lo and behold I have found all of the actual Home Depot staff standing there in the " Hardware " aisle staring blankly up at the wall of nuts , bolts and nails , more then likely because they are shiny and bright .
Wait …. the nails …. they 're here !!
Without any sudden movements ( a hazard around so many obvious undead creatures and a wall of sharp pointy objects )
I quickly locate the box of nails I need and stagger out of the aisle so as not to draw any attention to myself as a living being .
I find my way to the main set of cash registers which seem to be opening and closing in mayhem , akin only to the movement of piranhas devouring a cow that wandered too close to an Amazonian stream .
The cashiers seem to be randomly leaving their stations and other registers are opening elsewhere , creating a Thunderdome - like atmosphere amongst the customers .
MENACING MAP
People ….. or what are now the empty shells of once vibrant people , are clamoring over each other in a mob mentality to get to the newly opened registers before they close unexpectedly once again .
I suspect this behavior is to create a Gauntlet situation that discourages anyone from ever leaving the store and thus trapping them there forever , only to be later devoured by the staff .
Several of the " people in line " ( and I use that phrase loosely for many reasons ) are blankly staring at the wall of batteries strategically placed at every register , if only to slow a stampede of the almost living with something that they have all been told they need lots of , in case of a survival emergency .
I grab a handful of batteries off the rack and throw them in the other direction to divert their attention as they go mindlessly chasing after them , moaning something about the apocalypse .
I then take the scanner out of the hand of the dazed and confused decoy statue that has been placed at the register instead of an actual human cashier and scan my box of nails and swipe my card in the little machine .
When the machine asks for my signature I scratch it quickly and violently with my finger to closely resemble what would have come out had I actually signed it with that electronic pen , missing of course … likely gnawed away and swallowed by one of the employees .
I sprint past the creature standing by the exit that only wakes and flinches when the alarm goes off , clearly indicating not that a tool has escaped the oh - so - secure corral , but rather that a customer was about to escape the building with what they actually came for .
Leaping over all the empty propane canisters blocking the exit , I somersault onto the sidewalk into a ray of warm sunshine .
I pick myself up and clean off the layer of dust covering me — a layer most people think comes from just being inside a Home Depot but few realize is actually a sign of how LONG you 've been inside .
I confidently stride to my parked car , mentally noting all the people going into the store happily talking about their exciting new projects .
As I get in my car and start to drive off I realize just how many people are going in , and how few are coming out .
And I 'm just happy to be a survivor .
How to justify the ways of men to birds ?
How to account for their attraction for us ?
( For , despite Hitchcock 's frightening hunt - and - peck film , The Birds , it is mostly an attraction . )
Why is Chekhov 's play called " The Seagull " instead of " The Sea Slug " ?
Why is Yeats so keen on swans and hawks , instead of an interesting centipede or snail , or even an attractive moth ?
Why is it a dead albatross that is hung around the Ancient Mariner 's neck as a symbol that he 's been a very bad mariner , instead of , for instance , a dead clam ?
Why do we so immediately identify with such feathered symbols ?
These are some of the questions that trouble my waking hours .
For as long as we human beings can remember , we 've been looking up .
Over our heads went the birds – free as we were not , singing as we tried to .
We gave their wings to our deities , from Inanna to winged Hermes to the dove - shaped Holy Spirit of Christianity , and their songs to our angels .
We believed the birds knew things we did n't , and this made sense to us , because only they had access to the panoramic picture – the ground we walked on , but seen widely because seen from above , a vantage point we came to call " the bird 's eye view " .
The Norse god Odin had two ravens called Thought and Memory , who flew around the earth during the day and came back at evening to whisper into his ears everything they 'd seen and heard ; which was why – in the mode of governments with advanced snooping systems , or even of Google Earth – he was so very all - knowing .
Some of us once believed that the birds could carry messages , and that if only we had the skill we'd be able to decipher them .
Was n't the invention of writing inspired , in China , by the flight of cranes ?
Thoth , the Egyptian god of scribes credited with the invention of hieroglyphic writing , had the head of an ibis .
In the ancient world , an entire job category grew up around bird reading : that of augury , performed by seers and prophets who could interpret the winged signs .
When Agamemnon and Menelaus were setting out for Troy , two eagles tore apart a pregnant hare and ate the unborn young .
The augur 's prediction was victory – Troy would fall – but an ill - omened victory with a heavy price to be paid ; and so it turned out .
" A bird of the air shall carry the voice , " says Ecclesiastes , with impressive gravitas , " and those that have wings shall tell the truth " ; and we can bet that those bird - borne truths were momentous .
By the 1950s , when I was what 's now called a young adult , respect for birds had dwindled considerably .
Birds might still be thought to carry messages – " a little bird told me , " we were fond of saying – but these messages were no longer from the gods , and they no longer concerned the deaths of kings and the fates of nations .
They were more likely to be from the girl who had the locker next to yours , and to be about who just broke up with whom .
" Bird - brained " meant stupid , and people with too obsessive a knowledge of birds were considered geeky and ridiculous .
Bird - watching had become an increasingly popular pastime – a trend spurred by Roger Tory Peterson 's 1934 publication of the first Field Guide to the Birds – but one of the effects of this growing popularity was the appearance of parody versions of such guides , filled with cartoons of silly - looking people in pith helmets with names like " The Spectacled Drone " , who were watching girls in halter tops and short - shorts captioned " The Rosy - Breasted Nutcracker " .
There were also various puns on the slang word " bird " , meaning either an attractive girl or – cf Frank Sinatra – the male genital organ .
The supposed light - mindedness and frivolity of birdy activity is mirrored today in the name of the popular Twitter site , with " tweet " being the term for a tiny info - tidbit .
But times change , and we 're heading back towards an older way of reading the birds .
It 's Fates of Nations time again , and ill omens seen through birds in flight – or the absence of them - and deadly prices to be paid for getting what you want .
The birds have something to tell us again , and the truths are not comfortable ones .
❦
I 've always lived in the birdy world .
I grew up in it – my parents were early conservationists and naturalists – and I can tell you from personal experience that small children have a limited tolerance for sitting still in canoes for hours on end being gnawed by mosquitoes , to see if the Very Rare Blur will deign to do a flit - by , when they wo n't see it anyway because they were making the more controllable ant crawl up their arms .
But early training does sometimes bear fruit , and I reconnected with the bird world once everyone , including me , realised that I was nearsighted .
I needed special help with the twirly thing on the top of the binoculars , at which point the Very Rare Blur resolved into something I could actually see .
Birds of a feather flock together , so I eventually ended up with another bird - oriented person – Graeme Gibson , more recently the author of The Bedside Book of Birds and the chair of the board of the Pelee Island Bird Observatory .
Sitting in a canoe being gnawed by mosquitoes while waiting for the Very Rare Blur is a lot better if you yourself are in charge of the timetable – as in , " Let 's have lunch now " – so we did a lot of birdwatching .
Graeme had the zeal of a recent convert , I displayed the nonchalance of the born denominationalist , but our shared pursuit took us to many unusual places in the world .
Some of our sightings were not heroic – the distant never - before - glimpsed - by - human - eye prehistoric Mexican enigma turned out to be a brown pelican , the snowy owl was actually a white plastic milk bottle – or was it the other way around ?
Back in the 70s and 80s and then the 90s , however , you could depend on the birds to be more or less where they were supposed to be , more or less when they were supposed to be there .
Failures to see them were bad luck or lack of skill on your part : the birds themselves were surely just around the corner .
If not this time , then next ; if not this year , then next .
But all that is changing , and it 's changing very rapidly .
The suddenness of the decline – not only in threatened species , but in relatively abundant ones , such as the neotropical woodland warblers – is very worrying .
No bird species can any longer be taken for granted .
❦
In February 2006 , Graeme and I accepted the position of joint honourary presidents of the Rare Bird Club within BirdLife International .
BirdLife describes itself as " a global partnership of conservation organisations working for the diversity of life through the conservation of birds and their habitats " .
Sometimes it subtitles itself " Working for birds and people " .
Under that broad umbrella , it supports an impressive number of activities carried on by its country partners all around the world – everything from running a Preventing Extinctions programme focused on birds at risk , to studying international migration flyways in order to remove thoughtlessly - built man - made hazards , to monitoring toxicity that kills birds fast and people more slowly .
( A hint : if birds are dying in the water , do n't swim there . )
BirdLife 's many projects are implemented on the ground through its country partners – over a hundred of them , and growing – but the secretariat that does much of the science and manages the overall network is located in Cambridge , and it has the same problem all conservation organisations have ; it 's easier to attract donations for individual projects than for overall management .
The Rare Bird Club 's task is to support the secretariat , and to fundraise for it .
Graeme and I agreed to take this on , not because we had time on our hands – we did n't – but because we knew about the crisis in the life of birds , and also about the connection between a healthy ecosystem and a healthy human population .
" Canary in the coal mine " – which comes from a time when miners knew that if their caged canaries toppled over it meant imminent asphyxiation for them – is not an empty phrase : where birds are dying now ( through poisons , habitat destruction , and famine ) , people will die later .
The die - off in seabirds , for instance , signals a die - off in sea life , including fish .
It does n't take a very smart augur to read that kind of bird omen .
Three snapshots : two summers ago , we were with some Rare Bird Club members in the high Arctic .
We were watching a polar bear finishing the remains of a seal , while nearby two all - white ivory gulls waited to pick over the bones .
Everyone present knew that all the main elements of this scene – the feeding bear , the gull , the ice itself – might soon disappear from the earth like a mirage , as if they had never been .
This could happen , not in centuries , but in years .
It 's was global warming , not as a theory , but in a very concrete form .
Much further south , on an island off the coast of Georgia , we stood on a beach and watched a large flock of red knots – named originally for King Canute – feeding along the surf line .
They were busily at work there , but we knew that further up the coast people were " harvesting " the horseshoe crabs that spawn on the beach , thus eliminating the crab eggs the birds depend on to sustain them during their long migration .
Further south still , at the bottom of New Zealand 's South Island , we went out one night to see kiwis – those flightless balls of feathery fur with long curved bills we first met , as children , on tins of shoe polish .
Sometimes not a single kiwi is sighted on such trips .
But we were favoured ; we saw five : young , mature , male and female .
None of these had fallen prey to those scourges of ground - dwelling New Zealand birds – the cats , the rats and the dogs – but many of their kindred had .
All flightless and ground - nesting New Zealand birds are under threat .
The carnage since the arrival of people on New Zealand has been brutal .
That 's the key : " Since the arrival of people . "
Most of the time , we do n't kill birds on purpose .
We kill them by accident , or at second - hand through our technologies , our pets , or our fellow - traveller pests .
Here are a few statistics .
In the United States , power lines kill 130 to 174 million birds a year – many of them raptors such as hawks , or waterfowl , whose large wingspans can touch two hot wires at a time , resulting in electrocution , or who smash into the thin power lines without seeing them ( think piano wire ) .
Cars and trucks collide with and kill between 60 and 80 million annually in the US , and tall buildings – especially those that leave their lights on all night – are a major hazard for migrating birds , leading to between a hundred million and a billion bird deaths annually .
Add in lighted communication towers , which also kill large numbers of bats , and can account for as many as 30,000 bird deaths each on a bad night – thus 40 to 50 million deaths a year , and due to double as more towers are built .
Agricultural pesticides directly kill 67 million birds per year , with many more deaths resulting from accumulated toxins that converge at the top of the food chain , and from starvation as the usual food of insectivores disappears .
Cats polish off approximately 39 million birds in the state of Wisconsin alone ; multiply that by the number of states in America , and then do the calculations for the rest of the world : the numbers are astronomical .
Then there are the factory effluents , the oil spills and oil sands , the unknown chemical compounds we 're pouring into the mix .
Nature is prolific , but at such high kill rates it 's not keeping up , and bird species – even formerly common ones – are plummeting all over the world .
One more statistic : according to Al Gore , 97 % of charitable giving goes to human causes .
Of the remaining 3 % , half goes to pets .
That leaves 1½ % devoted to the rest of nature – including the crisis - ridden oceans , the eroding , drying , or flooding land and the shrinking biosphere on which our lives depend .
How crazy are we ?
We 're a lot like those old cartoons in which the foolish character is sawing off the same tree branch he 's sitting on , while beneath him is a sheer drop to nowhere .
It makes you want to stick your head in the sand , like – apparently – almost everyone else , and just eat a lot , watch old movies from the time before things got so scary , and go shopping .
Or , as James Lovelock keeps warning us : enjoy it while you can , whatever " it " is , because it 's not going to last much longer .
Despite such gloom – or perhaps because of it – there are many intrepid individuals and organisations out there , hurling themselves on to the tracks in the path of the speeding EcoDeath Express .
There are international organisations , national ones , local ones ; all are understaffed and overworked , like hospitals during pandemics .
As I 've said , my own connections are with BirdLife International ; I attended its international convention in Argentina last September .
These conventions happen only every four years , and they bring together the representatives of BirdLife 's national partners from around the world .
The energy and enthusiasm were contagious , and it was clear from just a few glances around that the days of the 50s stereotype of the harmless , nerdy Spectacled Drone was gone forever .
Those now involved in bird conservation are serious and gutsy people – much more Seven Samurai than Jerry Lewis .
They know their stuff , and the stuff they know can be pretty edgy .
We heard tales of how the Ecuadorean organisation , Aves&Conservacion , had fought illegal habitat destruction and tree piracy with online posts , and when these generated death threats , it had posted the threats as well , until it had finally forced its government to act ; of how the Maltese partner , BirdLife Malta , had finally stopped the devastating , and – in the EU – illegal spring bird hunt on this key migration island with the help of the European Commission , which had taken the island to court .
There were death threats involved in that action , too , and car bombings as well ; but with the support of more than 70 % of the island 's residents , the cause had finally been won .
We heard about the compilation of the Guide to the Birds of Iraq , an enterprise that involved great danger for those doing the work .
The conservation movement has its leaders and its foot soldiers , but also its martyrs : there have been human deaths as well as bird deaths .
A large part of BirdLife 's energies are directed towards mapping important bird areas and attempting to protect them , and in cataloguing rare birds and monitoring them .
In this way , rare and endangered birds that live in such areas and never leave them can be saved .
But what about migrating birds ?
They run the gauntlet : if every stopping point but one is made safe , it 's the one unsafe point that will kill the species .
This is where international networking can help .
Consider the albatross .
Nineteen of the 22 albatross species – the literary bird whose corpse was hung around the neck of the Ancient Mariner " instead of the cross , " to symbolise a non - human sacrificial being – has been under threat for years from long - line and trawl fishing .
The hooks – as many as 1,000 per line – are dragged along behind the boats , and the bait on them attracts fish , which in turn attract albatrosses , which then get snagged on the hooks .
The fishermen do n't mean to catch the albatrosses ; in fact , it 's a disadvantage to them .
As for the albatross , the breeding cycle is very long and typically only one chick is reared at a time , so it 's been very easy to kill more birds than can be replaced by the species themselves .
Before 2005 , hundreds of thousands were dying annually .
The albatross is a circumpolar bird , living mostly at sea , so trying to monitor it and help it cannot be the work of any one country .
In view of these difficulties , BirdLife established an international albatross task force in 2005 to work in seven countries , with a mandate to help both fishermen and birds .
The task force placed specialised instructors on the fishing boats , to teach the simple , effective , and money - saving solutions – mere changes in fishing techniques – to the fishermen themselves .
The result has been that thousands of albatrosses are now being saved .
For instance , in the south Chile seas , the accidental capture of seabirds has been reduced from 1,500 a year to zero , with a close to zero rate having been achieved in Argentina .
Despite these gains , 100,000 albatrosses are still being killed in fisheries every year , and 18 albatross species are facing extinction .
But there 's a glimmer of hope : the task force has shown that with a lot of will and with ridiculously small amounts of money , the death trend can be turned around .
But it 's a matter of time , and extinction is forever .
Human beings , it seems , are like little children , who never do quite believe that " all gone " means there is n't any more , at all , ever .
Still , " ' Hope ' is the thing with feathers , " wrote Emily Dickinson .
Too often , these days , it is n't .
But in the case of the albatross , it is , if we 're reading the bird signals right .
Or at least it could be ; which is the nature of hope .
Sandra Bullock has been voted the top money making star of 2009 in Quigley Publishing ’s 78th Annual Poll of Exhibitors .
Sandra Bullock is the first female to win since Julia Roberts in 1999 .
Bullock is the eighth woman chosen # 1 in the Poll ’s 78 year history .
She appeared in three films in 2009 , The Blind Side , The Proposal and All About Steve .
The Quigley Poll , conducted each year since 1932 , is an annual survey of motion picture theatre owners and film buyers , which asks them to vote for the ten stars that they believe generated the most box - office revenue for their theatres during the year .
It has been long regarded as one of the most reliable indicators of a Star ’s real box - office draw because the selections are done by people whose livelihood depends on choosing the films that will bring audiences to their theatres .
The Quigley Poll appears annually in Quigley Publishing Company ’s International Motion Picture Almanac and at www.quigleypublishing.com.
Johnny Depp placed second this year based on “ Public Enemies ” and a small role in “ The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus . ”
He was # 1 in 2006 and 2007 .
Matt Damon made his second appearance in the survey , placing # 3 with 2009 roles in “ Invictus ” and “ The Informant ! ” Although George Clooney , placing # 4 , has never won in his seven mentions in the Poll , he had an extremely productive year with “ Up in the Air , ” “ The Men Who Stare at Goats ” and “ Fantastic Mr. Fox . ” ( voice ) .
Robert Downey Jr. ’s performances in “ Sherlock Holmes ” and “ The Soloist ” helped him place # 5 .
He was # 2 in 2008 .
Tom Hanks is # 6 , which marks the fifteenth time in the Poll since he first appeared in 1988 , including five times as # 1 .
Meryl Streep was in “ Julie and Julia , ” “ It ’s Complicated ” and a voice in “ Fantastic Mr. Fox ” and placed # 7 , her third mention in the Poll .
Brad
Pitt made his fifth appearance coming in at # 8 , due to “ Inglourious Basterds . ” 2007 ’s “ Star of Tomorrow , ” Shia LaBeouf scored # 9 with “ Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ” and Denzel Washington rounded out the Top Ten with “ The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 . ”
Here is a list of 2009 ’s top ten money making stars :
1. Sandra Bullock
2. Johnny Depp
3. Matt Damon
4. George Clooney
5. Robert Downey Jr.
6. Tom Hanks
7. Meryl Streep
8. Brad Pitt
9. Shia LaBeouf
10 . Denzel Washington
Somewhere in my heart , it 's the end of the world .
These days , nothing is funny .
I am mourning people I know .
People I do n't know .
People who are still trapped under rubble and wo n't be rescued in time .
I can't help it .
Everybody I talk to says the same thing : time has stopped .
Simultaneously , time is at work .
Sneakily passing through the cracks , taking the lives of survivors away , one by one .
Diaspora overloads the satellites .
Calling families , friends of families , family friends .
Did you know about George et Mireille ?
Have you heard about Alix , Michaelle etc , etc ?
But I know that my personal anguish is small compared to the overwhelming reality of what is going on down there .
When it happened I was at home in Montreal , safe and cosy , surfing the internet , half randomly , like millions of westerners .
Breaking news : 7.0 earthquake hits Haiti near Port - au - Prince .
Such emotion came over me .
My breath stopped .
My heart sank and went straight into panic mode .
I knew right away that the whole city is in no way built to resist this kind of assault and that this meant that thousands were under rubble .
I saw it straight away .
I ran downstairs and turned on the television .
It was true .
Tears came rushing right to my eyes and I let out a cry , as if I had just heard that everybody I love had died .
The reality , unfortunately , is much worse .
Although everything around me is peaceful , I have been in an internal state of emergency for days .
My house is quiet , but I forget to eat ( food is tasteless ) .
I forget to sleep .
I 'm on the phone , on email , non -stop .
I 'm nearly not moving , but my pulse is still fast .
I forget who I talked to and who I told what .
I leave the house without my bag , my keys .
I can not rest .
I grew up with parents who escaped during the brutal years of the Papa Doc regime .
My grandfather was taken by the Tonton Macoutes and it was 10 years before my father finally learnt he had been killed .
My mother and her sister returned home from the market to find their cousins and friends murdered .
She found herself on her knees in front of the Dominican embassy begging for her life in broken Spanish .
Growing up , I absorbed those stories , heard a new version every year ; adults around the dinner table speaking in creole about poor Haiti .
When I was growing up , we never had the money to return .
Even if we had , my mother never could go back .
Until she died , she would have nightmares about people coming to " take her away " .
My mum passed away before she could meet my future husband , or see our band perform and start to have success , and though I have dreamed of her dancing to my music , I know she would have been very worried to hear that I was travelling to Haiti for the first time last year .
It is strange that I was introduced to my country by a white doctor from Florida called Paul Farmer who speaks perfect Creole and knows how to pronounce my name right .
He is the co-founder of an organisation titled Partners in Health ( Zanmi Lasante in Creole ) .
There are several charity organisations that are doing good work in Haiti – Fonkoze is a great micro-lending organisation – but in terms of thorough medical care , follow - up and combining of parallel necessary services ( education , sanitation , training , water , agriculture ) , there is none that I could ­recommend more than Partners in Health .
It takes its work for the Haitian people very seriously and , indeed , most of the staff on the ground are Haitian .
PIH has been serving the poorest of the poor for more than 20 years with a ­curriculum that really astounded me , given the limited resources available in the area .
Visiting its facilities , I was overwhelmed by , and impressed with , the high - level , top - quality services provided in areas where people own next to nothing and were never given the opportunity to learn how to sign their own name .
I was delightfully shocked to see the radically positive impact it has had in the communities it serves .
Of course , during my visit , I saw some clinics and hospitals that were at different stages than others , but through it all , I could clearly see that PIH staff are very resourceful and set the bar extremely high for themselves .
I know that , right now , they are using their full ­capacities to save as many lives as possible .
So in these critical times where death comes every minute , I urge you to donate to Partners in Health ( www.pih.org) and be as generous as you can .
I know from having talked to some staff that they are on the ground right now , setting up and managing field hospitals as well as receiving the injured at their clinics in the surrounding areas .
I realise that by the time you read this it will be Sunday .
The cries will have died out and few miracles will remain possible .
But the suffering survivors should not be abandoned and should be treated with the best care countries like ours can offer .
Many Haitians expect to be let down .
History shows they are right to feel that way .
Haitians know that they have been wronged many , many times .
What we are seeing on the news right now is more than a natural disaster .
This earthquake has torn away the veil and revealed the crushing poverty that has been allowed by the west 's centuries of disregard .
That we must respond with a substantial emergency effort is beyond argument , but in the aftermath , Haiti must be rebuilt .
Ultimately , we need to treat Haiti with compassion and respect and make sure that the country gets back on its feet once and for all .
Haiti's independence from France more than two centuries ago should be thought of as one of the most remarkable tales of ­freedom ; instead , she was brought to her knees by the French and forced to pay a debt for the value of the lost colony ( including the value of the slaves : the equivalent of $ 21bn by current calculations ) .
We cannot ­overestimate the strength and resilience of the brave people living in this country whose ancestors had to buy their own bodies back .
The west has funded truly corrupt governments in the past .
Right now , in Haiti , there is a democratically elected government .
Impossibly weak , but standing .
This is the moment where we need to show our best support and solidarity .
Since Haiti shook and crumbled , I feel as if something has collapsed over my head , too .
Miles away , somehow , I 'm trapped in this nightmare .
My heart is crushed .
I 've been thinking about nothing else .
Time has stopped – but time is of the essence .
So I 've been sitting here at my computer , food in the fridge , hot water in the tap , a nice comfy bed waiting for me at some point … but …
Somewhere in my heart , it 's the end of the world .
Régine Chassagne is a member of the rock band Arcade Fire
Rom Houben was hailed as a medical miracle A Belgian man who stunned the world last year by apparently communicating after 23 years in a coma cannot in fact do so , researchers say .
The doctor who believed that Rom Houben was communicating through a facilitator now says the method does not work .
Dr Steven Laureys told the BBC : " The story of Rom is about the diagnosis of consciousness , not communication . "
His conclusions follow a study to test the validity of so - called facilitated communication .
Claims that Mr Houben - who was seriously injured in a car crash in 1983 - could communicate , swept around the world last November .
After more than two decades in a coma , he was filmed apparently tapping out messages on a special touchpad keyboard with the help of his speech therapist .
Method ' not valid '
By holding Mr Houben 's forearm and finger , the therapist was said to feel sufficient pressure to direct her to the correct keys on the keyboard .
Dr Laureys , a neurologist at Liege University Hospital in Belgium , had earlier established that Mr Houben was more conscious than doctors had previously thought - and that is still thought to be the case .
But he also believed that his interaction with the speech therapist was genuine .
Following further study , however , Dr Laureys says the method does not work .
He told the BBC that a series of tests on a group of coma patients , including Mr Houben , had concluded that the method was after all false .
The results of the study were presented in London on Friday .
Objects and words were shown to the patients in the absence of the facilitator who was then called back into the room .
The patient was then asked to say what they had seen or heard .
" It 's easy to watch the video and say this method is not valid , but to prove that it is not true is actually very difficult , " Dr Laureys said .
Houben was ' writing a book '
Doubts were expressed about the method by other experts at the time and repeated this week .
" It 's like using an Ouija board , " Arthur Caplan , a professor of bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania , told Associated Press on Friday .
" It was too good to be true and we should n't have believed it . "
Last November Mr Houben 's mother , Fina Houben , told the BBC that she always believed her son could communicate .
" He is not depressed , he is an optimist , " she said .
" He wants to get out of life what he can . "
Last year , Mrs Houben claimed her son was writing a book .
" Just imagine , " Mr Houben ostensibly typed out via his speech therapist .
" You hear , see , feel and think but no one can see that . "
Experts say the question of whether people like Houben who have a traumatic brain injury are conscious and alert remains unanswered .
" I hope Rom and his family will stay as an example " of how hard it is to pick up the signs of consciousness , Dr Laureys told the Associated Press .
" Even when we know that patients are conscious , we do n't know if there is pain or suffering or what they are feeling . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Prachi Pinglay
BBC News , Mumbai
Nishi Sheikh attracted the most attention As Sonia swayed to a popular Bollywood song , striking model - like poses , a small crowd of activists and journalists cheered her on .
She was the first of about 20 contestants at auditions held in the Indian city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) for the " Super Queen " - India 's first transgender beauty contest .
Auditions to become India 's first " Super Queen " are going to be held in cities across India over the next few weeks .
The semi-finals will be held in Mumbai and the finals will be hosted in Delhi on 21 February .
Electric dancer
The Mumbai leg of the auditions started off quietly .
But as contestants got over their nerves , things became charged .
The community has had to stay in the closet for 262 years and this contest will provide them a platform
Laxmi Narayan , pageant organiser
The star of the day was Nishi Sheikh , who attracted the most attention with her electric blue dress and deft dance moves .
As she walked in , some in the crowds whispered that she was the Priyanka Chopra ( a Bollywood star ) of the community .
She danced to a popular Bollywood number and the judges , the audience and other participants all hooted and cheered for her .
" I am very different .
I perform in different countries , " she told the BBC .
" I consider myself to be gay and I do not really live a life which most of my community members live .
I go for international performances .
For me making good money and taking care of my family is most important .
I am here to support the cause . "
While the unremitting media attention excited many participants , it was perturbing for others .
Some of the contestants were obviously nervous but others exceeded everyone 's expectations with their sensual moves , fashionable clothing and supermodel looks .
Laxmi Narayan , the pageant 's organiser and a social activist , encouraged all the entrants throughout .
No regular jobs Reena , who works in the field of HIV prevention when she is not entering beauty contests , had come from the western Indian city of Nagpur .
Reena is a graduate and may have had a chance of getting a regular job had she not been a transgender .
" I live with my parents and have a brother who does a regular job .
I do n't know if these initiatives will directly help us but we try . "
In the question - and - answer part of the contest , Reena simply said she loved dancing and loved her parents .
Reena is a graduate and HIV campaigner
The participants had to parade on a ramp , introduce themselves and face a question - and - answer round .
The organisers say that holding a beauty contest will not only help transgender people feel more confident about their sexuality but that it will also attract attention to serious issues like HIV / Aids and help community members get more mainstream jobs .
" We will train them [ the winners of the contest ] to be leaders in the community .
This contest is a historical moment .
The community has had to stay in the closet for 262 years and this contest will provide them a platform , " Ms Narayan said .
She said she wanted " hijras " ( or eunuchs ) to be in regular jobs .
" For a community member , to be loved with dignity is the biggest thing .
Hijras enjoy womanhood to the extreme . "
Hijras in India live on the fringes of society , traditionally making a living by dancing at weddings or at celebrations for the birth of a child .
The term is used to describe members of the hermaphrodite , transvestite and transsexual communities .
Many have been pushed into the sex trade and are considered to be at high risk of contracting HIV .
' Happy experience ' Ashwini , an activist and a trained performer of lawni - the traditional folk dance of western Maharashtra state - says she will continue performing once the beauty contest is over .
" I can dance and sing almost every lawni song .
I have even performed with important lawni dancers in this state .
I do not have the height to win a beauty contest but I want to see how this is conducted .
I am happy with the experience . "
From the 20 - odd contestants who participated in the auditions in Mumbai , the organisers finally shortlisted three .
The nation 's ultimate Super Queen winner will get approximately $ 21,000 and will be trained to help the community in human rights and HIV prevention .
She may even get a regular job - something most members of the community need and covet .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
11:33 pm
A young Buddhist monk makes a face during the Dalai Lamas prayer session at the Mahabodhi temple in Bodh Gaya , about 130 km / 81 mi south of Patna , India , Saturday Jan. 9 , 2010 .
By Rajesh Kumar Singh
From : the_pangolin Date : February 11th , 2010 05:42 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Aang !
Reply ) ( Thread From : eluneth Date : February 11th , 2010 07:19 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
That is EXACTLY what I thought when I first saw this photo . :)
It made me grin !
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : evilbobrex Date : February 11th , 2010 08:39 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) no worries , he 's a butterfly dreaming he 's a monk pulling faces during the dalai lama 's prayer session .
but he 's a butterfly with a smile on his ... whatever butterflys have .
if this did n't remind me so much of the " good " elder monk stories , I might be a little miffed .
but it 's too right on .
Reply ) ( Thread From : zero_shadow Date : February 11th , 2010 06:44 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Aww that photo is just plain awesome .
Reply ) ( Thread From : aerialdoc Date : February 11th , 2010 09:28 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
The first step towards the path of enlightenment - Not taking one 's self too seriously .
Reply ) ( Thread
Quest were contracted by IFT to be part of the team working on a major refurbishment of the Kelvin Hall project in Glasgow .
IFT installed the screeding and resin flooring to the first phase of the refurbishment of which there was 1,600sqm of Mondeco Mirrazzo over 3 floor levels to the main Atrium , circulation corridors together with approximately 80 linear metres of wall upstands ( 400 mm high ) and 550 linear metres of stair reads and risers .
Quest ’s expertise was required to grind , polish and seal the Mondeco Mirrazzo finish .
Instrumenting the AST
The following is a rough retelling of my presentation for the Testing in Python BoF at PyCon 2010 , including removing some in - jokes relevant only for that session .
On the other hand , I expanded it to include working code .
This means you , yes you , could work on this .
It 's not for the faint of heart .
Have fun !
And let me know what you think .
The AST module
Code coverage is a good thing .
I want to do branch coverage .
Last year Ned Batchelder added branch coverage support to coverage .py , which works by analyzing the byte code .
I want to see if there 's a better solution through an entirely different approach .
Let me introduce you to Python 's " ast " module .
>>> import ast
>>> ast.parse ( " for i in range ( 10 ) : print i " ) < _ast .
Module object at 0x1004d06d0 > >>>
>>> ast.dump( ast.parse ( " for i in range ( 10 ) : print i " ) )
" Module ( body= [ For(target=Name ( id='i ' , ctx=Store ( ) ) , iter=Call(func=Name( id=' range ' , ctx=Load ( ) ) , args = [ Num ( n=10 ) ] , keywords= [ ] , starargs =None , kwargs =None ) , body = [ Print ( dest=None , values= [ Name ( id ='i ' , ctx=Load ( ) ) ] , nl= True ) ] , orelse= [ ] ) ] ) "
>>> ast.dump( ast.parse ( " for i in range ( 10 ) : print i " ) , True , True ) " Module ( body = [ For(target=Name ( id='i ' , ctx=Store ( ) , lineno=1 , col_offset=4 ) , iter=Call( func=Name ( id='range ' , ctx=Load ( ) , lineno=1 , col_offset=9 ) , args = [ Num( n=10 , lineno=1 , col_offset=15 ) ] , keywords= [ ] , starargs =None , kwargs =None , lineno=1 , col_offset=9 ) , body = [ Print ( dest=None , values= [ Name ( id ='i ' , ctx=Load ( ) , lineno=1 , col_offset=26 ) ] , nl= True , lineno=1 , col_offset=20 ) ] , orelse= [ ] , lineno=1 , col_offset=0 ) ] ) "
Programmatically building an AST
It 's an interface to Python 's internal Python parser so program can convert string containing Python code into an abstract syntax tree ( AST ) .
The ast module contains some code to display the contents of the AST as a string .
I 've reformatted it to fit my slides as otherwise it 's a long string .
I can also ask it to display the position information , which is the second True in the following .
You can use the ast module to build a tree directly , without parsing a string , then compile and execute that code .
>>> from ast import * >>> tree = Module ( [ Print ( None , [ Str ( " PyCon2010 ! " ) ] , True ) ] ) >>> tree.lineno = 1 >>> tree.col_offset = 1 >>> fix_missing_locations ( tree ) < _ast .
Module object at 0x1004dff50 > >>> tree = fix_missing_locations ( tree ) >>> compile ( tree , " < TiP > " , " exec " ) < code object < module > at 0x1004d38a0 , file " < TiP > " , line 1 > >>> exec compile ( tree , " < TiP > " , " exec " ) PyCon2010 ! >>>
The mystery of the wrong TypeError
" ast.fix_missing_locations " is a helper function to assign missing position information the compiler needs when generating byte code .
I end up using it and " ast.copy_location " a lot , which copies the location information from one node to another .
What 's the bug with the following ?
try : raise TypeError ( " blah : %d " % " I said ' PyCon2010 ' ! " ) except TypeError : pass
The code correctly raises a TypeError , but it 's the wrong TypeError .
I 've made this mistake a few times , which is why I try to remember to check the contents of the exception during my tests .
Notice that unittest does n't help here , since assertRaises only checks the exception type , and not the content .
It is possible to check all of these manually .
You could defer the calculation to a " check_mod ( ) " function
try : raise TypeError ( check_mod ( " blah : %d " , " I said ' PyCon2010 ' ! " ) ) except TypeError : pass
def check_mod ( left , right ) : try : return left % right except Exception , err : print " Could not interpolate : %s " % ( err , ) traceback.print_stack ( ) raise
Rewriting the AST for fun ( and profit ? )
A check_mod function might look like
The ast module has some support code for creating a new parse tree based on transforming another parse tree .
I can transform all " % " binary operations to call a function for the left and right sides .
Here 's a non-working but mostly complete version of how that might look .
from ast import * class RewriteInterpolation ( NodeTransformer ) : def visit_BinOp ( self , node ) : if isinstance ( node.op , Mod ) : new_node = Call( func=Name(id='check_string ' , ctx=Load ( ) ) , args=[ node.left , node.right , Num(n=node.lineno ) , Num(n=node.col_offset ) ] , keywords = [ ] , starargs =None , kwargs =None ) copy_location ( new_node , node ) fix_missing_locations ( new_node ) return new_node return node code = open( filename ) .read ( ) tree = parse ( code , filename ) tree = RewriteInterpolation ( ).visit( tree )
What 's missing is the code to define or import check_string .
I 'll leave that for later .
For now , just get the idea that you can parse Python code to an AST , rewrite it in order to instrument certain parts , then execute the result .
I ran something similar to this against the Python standard library and tests , in the hopes that I could find an bug .
It took a lot of hands on fiddling , since some essential Python modules cannot be instrumented because the full path was n't fully defined .
I got it to work , and found no bugs .
The closest was this code from difflib .py
try : linenum = ' % d ' % linenum id = ' id = " %s %s " ' % ( self._prefix [ side ] , linenum ) except TypeError : # handle blank lines where linenum is '>' or '' id = ''
( Well - known ) Limitations in coverage .py
where the comment is needed because otherwise the reason is n't immediately obvious .
While not a bug , it perhaps does show you that the test revealed something .
( Oh , and it also showed the several hundred tests that the standard library does to test string interpolation failures . )
Take a look at this program .
I 've used coverage .py to run the program and annotate the code to display the coverage and highlight the lines which were n't executed .
You can see there are a other few problems which coverage did not test .
Line 9 never executes " x=9 " and the " raise TypeError " in line 17 is never reached , because of the string interpolation error in the parameter list .
I 've hacked together something over the last 30 hours to show that something better is possible .
A different approach
x = 1
from ast_report import register_module ast_enter , ast_leave , ast_reached = \ register_module ( ' spam/testing.py ' , { 0 : ( 1 , 0 ) } , {} ) # unique identifer -> ( lineno , col_offset ) if 1 : ast_enter [ 0 ] += 1 x = 3 ast_leave [ 0 ] += 1
I want to generate coverage for this statement : I 'll do that by parsing the code into the AST then rewriting the AST so it 's equivalent to :
The " register_module " function is something I 'll write in a bit .
It will take a filename and two location dictionaries .
The first dictionary is for statements like assignment which are supposed to go to completion .
That is , code before it and after it are supposed to execute .
( Compare this to ' return ' , which will never allow code after it to run .
That 's what the second dictionary is used for . )
The key is a unique identifier associated with each statement with a coverage test , and the value is the lineno and col_offset pair which come from the AST .
The ast_enter and ast_leave dictionaries here are default dicts ( though that 's an implementation point ) .
The " 0 " is same unique identifier in the location dictionary , and can be used to say that the statment at line 1 , column 1 ( col_offset starts with 0 ) , was reached and left .
At this point someone in the audience astutely asked why I used an " if 1 : " in the above .
That 's a limitation of how the ast .
NodeTransformer works .
It lets derived classes tranform a single term to a single other term , which means I need to transform a single statement ( the assignment here ) into a single other statement , and not three statements .
I chose the " if 1 : " because it 's easy to write , it can contain an arbitrary number of sub- statements , and because Python 's byte compiler knows how to optimize away the " if 1 : " test .
If you think about this approach , the run -time overhead is pretty low , but it 's a lot more than simple assignment .
I do n't know how it affects real - world code .
Remember , it 's been 30 hours since I started this , and I 'm at conference as well .
Instrumenting the AST for code coverage
The next step is to automate all of this : convert a .py file into an AST , instrument the code to add these coverage checks , implement the reporting mechanism as an atexit hook , and for good measure , add the " % " TypeError check .
To see if this is effective , convert the AST to byte code and save it to a .pyc file .
This calls for a horrible hack around a call to compileall.py .
I 've named the result " ast_compileall.py "
# ast_compileall.py import __builtin__ from ast import * import compileall import sys import traceback import itertools class RewriteInterpolation ( NodeTransformer ) : def __init__ ( self , filename ) : self .
filename = filename self.enter_linenos = {} # id -> ( lineno , col_offset ) self.reach_linenos = {} # id -> ( lineno , col_offset ) self.counter = itertools.count ( ) def visit_Module ( self , module_node ) : # Need to import and call ast_report.register_module( ) .
#
These must occur after the " from __future__ import ... " statements .
#
Find where I can insert them .
body_future = [ ] body_rest = [ ] for node in module_node . body : node = self.visit( node ) if ( not body_rest and isinstance ( node , ImportFrom ) and node . module == " __future__ " ) : body_future.append( node ) else : body_rest.append( node ) #
It 's easier to let Python convert the code to an AST import_line = parse ( " from ast_report import register_module , check_string " ) . body [ 0 ] print ( " ast_enter , ast_leave , ast_reached = register_module ( %r , %r , %r ) " % ( self.
filename , self.enter_linenos , self.reach_linenos ) ) register_line = parse ( " ast_enter , ast_leave , ast_reached = register_module ( %r , %r , %r ) " % ( self.filename , self.enter_linenos , self.reach_linenos ) ).body [ 0 ]
# Assign a reasonable seeming line number .
lineno = 1 if body_future : lineno = body_future [ 0 ] .
lineno for new_node in ( import_line , register_line ) : new_node.col_offset = 1 new_node.lineno = lineno new_body = body_future + [ import_line , register_line ] + body_rest return Module ( body=new_body ) #
These are statements which should have an enter and leave #
( In retrospect , this is n't always true , eg , for ' if ' ) def track_enter_leave_lineno( self , node ) : node = self.generic_visit( node ) id = next ( self.counter ) enter = parse ( " ast_enter [ %d ] += 1 " % id ) . body [ 0 ] leave = parse ( " ast_leave [ %d ] += 1 " % id ) .body [ 0 ] self.enter_linenos[id ] = ( node.lineno , node.col_offset ) for new_node in ( enter , leave ) : copy_location ( new_node , node ) #
This is the code for " if 1 : ... " n = Num ( n=1 ) copy_location ( n , node ) if_node =
If ( test=n , body =[ enter , node , leave ] , orelse= [ ] ) copy_location ( if_node , node ) return if_node visit_FunctionDef = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_ClassDef = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_Assign = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_AugAssign = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_Delete = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_Print = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_For = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_While = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_If = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_With = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_TryExcept = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_TryFinally = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_Assert = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_Import = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_ImportFrom = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_Exec = track_enter_leave_lineno # Global visit_Expr = track_enter_leave_lineno visit_Pass = track_enter_leave_lineno #
These statements can be reached , but they change # control flow and are never exited .
def track_reached_lineno( self , node ) : node = self.generic_visit( node ) id = next ( self.counter ) reach = parse ( " ast_reached [ %d ] += 1 " % id ) .body [ 0 ] self.reach_linenos[id ] = ( node.lineno , node.col_offset ) copy_location ( reach , node ) n = Num ( n=1 ) copy_location ( n , node ) if_node =
If ( test=n , body =[ reach , node ] , orelse= [ ] ) copy_location ( if_node , node ) return if_node visit_Return = track_reached_lineno visit_Raise = track_reached_lineno visit_Break = track_reached_lineno visit_Continue = track_reached_lineno #
Some code to instrument the run-time and check for ' %' failures .
def visit_BinOp ( self , node ) : if isinstance ( node.op , Mod ) : new_node = Call( func=Name(id='check_string ' , ctx=Load ( ) ) , args=[ node.left , node.right , Num(n=node.lineno ) , Num(n=node.col_offset ) ] , keywords = [ ] , starargs =None , kwargs =None ) copy_location ( new_node , node ) fix_missing_locations ( new_node ) return new_node return node old_compile = __builtin__.compile def compile ( source , filename , mode , flags=0 ) : # skipping a few parameters #
My rewrite code uses ast .parse , which ends up calling this # function with this argument , so pass it back to the real compile .
if flags == PyCF_ONLY_AST : return old_compile ( source , filename , mode , flags ) assert mode == " exec " # traceback.print_stack ( ) code = open ( filename ) .read ( ) tree = parse ( code , filename ) tree = RewriteInterpolation ( filename ) .visit( tree ) code = old_compile ( tree , filename , " exec " ) return code #
Ugly hack so I can force compileall to use my compile function .
__builtin__.compile = compile exit_status = int ( not compileall.main ( ) ) sys.exit( exit_status )
def main ( ) : def f( x ) : if x > 0 : return x*x 1/0 for i in range ( 4 , 9 ) : if f( i ) < 0 : x=9 if i == 8 : continue print " Here " if i == 10 : continue try : raise TypeError ( " Hi ! %d " % " sdfa " ) except TypeError : pass main ( )
python ast_compileall.py spam
# ast_report.py from collections import defaultdict import traceback import atexit import linecache loaded_modules = [ ] class FileInfo( object ) : def __init__ ( self , filename , enter_linenos , reach_linenos ) : self .
filename = filename self.enter_linenos = enter_linenos self.reach_linenos = reach_linenos self.ast_enter = defaultdict ( int ) self.ast_leave = defaultdict ( int ) self .
ast_reach = defaultdict ( int ) def register_module ( filename , enter_linenos , reach_linenos ) : # print filename , enter_linenos , reach_linenos info = FileInfo( filename , enter_linenos , reach_linenos ) loaded_modules.append ( info ) return info.ast_enter , info.ast_leave , info.ast_reach def check_string ( left , right , lineno , col_offset ) : if not isinstance ( left , basestring ) : return left % right try : return left % right except Exception , err : print " Could not interpolate : %s " % ( err , ) traceback.print_stack ( ) raise # Basic coverage report def report_coverage ( ) : for fileinfo in loaded_modules : # This will contain a list of all results as a 3 - ple of # lineno , col_offset , " text message " report = [ ]
#
These should have both ' enter ' and ' leave ' counts .
for id , ( lineno , col_offset ) in fileinfo.enter_linenos.items ( ) : if id not in fileinfo.
ast_enter : report.append ( ( lineno , col_offset , " not entered " ) ) elif id not in fileinfo.ast_leave : report.append ( ( lineno , col_offset , " enter %d but never left " % fileinfo.ast_enter[id ] ) ) else : delta = fileinfo.ast_leave[id ] - fileinfo.ast_enter[id ] report.append ( ( lineno , col_offset , " enter %d leave %d ( diff %d ) " % ( fileinfo.ast_enter[id ] , fileinfo.ast_leave[id ] , delta ) ) ) #
These only need to be ' reach'ed for id , ( lineno , col_offset ) in fileinfo.reach_linenos.items ( ) : if id not in fileinfo.
ast_reach : report.append ( ( lineno , col_offset , " not reached " ) ) else : report.append ( ( lineno , col_offset , " reach %d " % ( fileinfo.ast_reach[id ] , ) ) ) # sort by line number , breaking ties by column offset report. sort ( ) print " Coverage results for file " , fileinfo .
filename for lineno , col_offset , msg in report : print " %d : %d %s " % ( lineno , col_offset + 1 , msg ) print linecache.getline(fileinfo.filename , lineno) .rstrip () #
Dump the coverage results when Python exist . atexit.register(report_coverage )
Try it out !
I placed this file in " spam/testing .
py " I then compiled all of the .py files in the ' spam ' directory withand I made sure the following was on my PYTHONPATH as " ast_report .
py " ( While I used an atexit hook here , I did that because it was the fastest way to get to a proof - of - concept solution .
Really I think this should be more like how coverage .
py works , with a command - line script which sets up the run environment and reports the results at the end . )
This coverage code will only work on modules which were imported , where the .pyc file is used instead of the .py file .
( But perhaps an import hook would be useful or at least interesting here ? )
What I do is import the module via the command - line
% cd spam / % python - c ' import testing '
Could not interpolate : %d format : a number is required , not str File " < string > " , line 1 , in < module > File " spam/testing.py " , line 21 , in < module > main ( )
File " spam/testing.py " , line 785 , in main File " ast_report.py " , line 30 , in check_string traceback.print_stack ()
Coverage results for file spam / testing .
py 1:1 enter 1 leave 1 ( diff 0 ) def main ( ) : 3:3 enter 1 leave 1 ( diff 0 ) def f( x ) : 4:5 enter 5 but never left if x > 0 : 5:7 reach 5 return x*x 6:5 not entered 1/0 8:3 enter 1 leave 1 ( diff 0 ) for i in range ( 4 , 9 ) : 9:5 enter 5 leave 5 ( diff 0 ) if f( i ) < 0 : x=9 9:18 not entered if f( i ) < 0 : x=9 10:5 enter 5 leave 4 ( diff - 1 ) if i == 8 : 11:8 reach 1 continue 12:8 not entered print " Here " 13:5 enter 4 leave 4 ( diff 0 ) if i == 10 : 14:8 not reached continue 16:3 enter 1 leave 1 ( diff 0 ) try : 17:7 reach 1 raise TypeError ( " Hi ! %d " % " sdfa " ) 19:7 enter 1 leave 1 ( diff 0 ) pass 21:1 enter 1 leave 1 ( diff 0 ) main ( )
You can see that it reports the string interpolation without a problem , and if you look closely you 'll see that it catches that the " if " on line 9 is executed while the " x=9 " also on line 9 is never executed .
There 's also some problems .
Line 4 reports that the code was entered 5 times and never left , but that 's a bit of a false positive since it left through a return statement .
I think now , after additional thought , that the better solution is to put the " leave " test on the first line of each possible branch .
Pluses and minuses
There are some great advantages to this approach .
I do n't need to look at the stack frame to figure out where I am , or even use the sys.settrace ( ) hook .
I get coverage testing of every statement on a line .
I can instrument a specific and limited set of Python files
Full branch coverage is possible .
I can add tests which are almost impossible to add otherwise ( like " %d " % " asdf " ; or what about checking if the RHS of an assert will actually work ? )
What about instrumenting all " d.keys ( ) " calls in Python 2.x code to check and report if a dict keys ( ) result is ever used as something other than the iterator , like it would be in Python 3.x ?
Some very complex things are possible .
Some very evil things are also possible .
There are some difficult problems as well .
Consider :
x = arg or default_arg or die ( _( " missing arg " ) )
Branch reporting should say that ' arg ' tested both True and False , that default_arg tested True and False and ... that the result of die ( ) tested both True and False ?
And just how should someone visualize all this extra data ?
" See also " and ruminations
I talked with Ned some after my presentation .
He pointed out that the complex part of coverage .py , which he 's worked on a lot during the last year , is to make the system configurable so it can be told which coverage to ignore .
I know what he means .
In the late 1990s I added the " # pragma : no cover " option to the early form of coverage .py , which exists ( although not my actual code ) to this day .
If coverage works on a more fine - grained level , how do you suppress the false warnings so the true issues are n't hidden in the noise ?
Ned also pointed out Matthew J. Desmarais ' work with Canopy
instrument python code to generate robust coverage information .
the goal is to provide modified condition / decision coverage metrics .
I 'm not the only one who has thought about instrumenting the AST , even in Python .
( The Lisp community likely thought of this before I was born . )
What I 've hoped to do here is explain it well enough so that you can figure out how this approach works and come up with ways to extend it for the future .... or figure out why it fails .
If you are doing that , do bear in mind my python4ply package .
It contains a full grammar definition for Python using PLY , with support for the decrepit AST from the compiler module .
Potentially you could use it to have Python 3 generate an AST for Python 2 , or even vice versa , with a lot more work .
Or , if you have both money and interest , perhaps you 'll fund me ?
I am a consultant , after all .
I mostly work in computational chemistry and my clients are n't interested in this sort of deep language analysis , so I only work on this during rare intervals .
It 's not only money , but access to people who want these sorts of capabilities and can give me feedback on what they want and how effective a solution is .
Or , if you want to work on it yourself - feel free !
I hereby release all of this code to the public domain , and disavow any copyright interest in the code expressed in this article .
You do n't even have to mention my name .
Just develop good testing tools .
I know there are a number of tools in the greater world of computing which can work on ASTs .
I have no experience with them .
Perhaps it 's best to convert the Python AST to some other tree grammar where there is a tree manipulation language ?
When I 'm feeling crazy I think " just convert the AST to XML then use XSLT to add the instrumentation , and convert the resulting XML back to an AST . "
How sane is that ?
And it would mean I would have to learn a lot more about XSLT .
Or what about ANTLR 's tree grammars ?
But then there 's Manual Tree Walking Is Better Than Tree Grammars .
It 's a Brave New World .
Thanks !
I thank Armin Rigo , Brett Cannon , Grant Edwards , John Ehresman , Jeremy Hylton , Kurt Kaiser , Neal Norwitz , Neil Schemenauer , Nick Coghlan , Tim Peters , Martin von Löwis and everyone else who worked on the ast module .
Without them this would be a much harder problem .
Any comments ?
Leave them here .
Andrew Dalke is an independent consultant focusing on software development for computational chemistry and biology .
Need contract programming , help , or training ?
Contact me
On 5 January , the Independent 's website ran a photo uploaded to the Flickr image - sharing site by user Peter Zabulis .
Zabulis flagged his photo of a snowed - over field as " all rights reserved , " and he took exception to the Independent 's use of the image without permission , and he wrote to them to tell them so .
Exception turned to outrage as a terse note from the Independent claimed that by posting the photo to Flickr , Zabulis had not asserted his copyright ( whatever that means ) and thus copyright had not been breached .
The ensuing debate – including a public pillorying of the Independent for failing to grasp the nature of Flickr , copyright and photographer 's rights – generated a lot of heat , but not much light ( one bright spot : the Independent paid Zabulis and apologised to him ) .
Debates about copyright fall apart when they 're pitched in terms of absolutes : " Copyright prohibits all copying " , or " Non-commercial copying is always legal " .
Copyright started life as an industrial regulation that set out the rules governing the relationship between different actors in the supply - chain of the " creative industries " ( originally just publishing , later music , film , software and many other industries ) .
Much of copyright was created by simply enshrining existing business practices into law – for better or for worse .
Many artists have pointed out that copyright , even at its best , can present a playing field tilted in favour of the companies that shepherded its passage into law .
Theoretically , copyright also bound the activities of non-industrial actors – fans , audiences , readers , people who were whistling in the shower .
But practically speaking , the average person would virtually never interact with copyright : first , because the personal means of interacting with copyrighted works ( reading books , listening to records ) did not involve making copies , and second , because when copies were made , they were invisible to the copyright industries ' radar .
No one was going to come by your office to look for photocopied Garfield cartoons stuck on your cubicle .
Which is n't to say that there were n't a myriad of rules , formal and informal , governing the use of creative works by individuals .
Certain songs could be sung at the pub , but not in front of a nursery school .
Recounting the plot of last night 's TV show to a mate was permissible , but spoiling the ending was n't .
Tracing a library book illustration for a science project was OK : cutting up the book was not .
Pretending to have made up a ghost story that you read in a Poe collection was plagiarism , not culture .
Now , thanks to the internet ( which runs by copying things , and which makes all those copies visible with a simple search ) copyright has been stretched to cover both industrial and non-industrial uses of creative works , and what 's more , the definition of industrial and non-industrial has become a lot fuzzier .
We 're trying to retrofit the rules that governed multi-stage rocket ships ( huge publishing conglomerates ) to cover the activity of pedestrians ( people who post quotes from books on their personal blogs ) .
And the pedestrians are n't buying it : they hear that they need a law degree to safely quote from their favourite TV show and they assume that the system is irredeemably broken and not worth attending to at all .
It 's an impossible situation .
As an author , I depend on there being some rules of the road when I negotiate with my publishers , and it's in every commercial creator 's interest to try to find a moderate , coherent copyright rule that avoid dumb absolutes in favour of nuance and fairness .
I do n't pretend that I have all the answers , but here 's some of the principles that I think a good copyright system must embrace if is to succeed .
Many of these principles are already in various nations ' copyright rules as part of " fair dealing " or " fair use , " but these user - rights in copyright are complex and difficult to navigate and vary from country to country .
As we on the internet create the norms that will be enshrined in future copyright , here 's what I think we should keep in mind : " All rights reserved " does n't cover commentary or reportage .
If the Independent had been commenting on Zabulis 's photo ( " Witness the interplay of lights and darks " or " Area man sneaks into snowy field , takes photo for proof " ) then reproducing as much of Zabulis 's photo as they needed to in order to report thoroughly on the subject should be fair game .
Likewise , Zabulis was in the right to reproduce a screenshot from the Independent 's website in order to show people how his image had been taken without permission .
Commercial and non-commercial are different .
While there 's a lot of grey area between " commercial " and " non-commercial " , there are also some bright lines .
Newspapers should have to pay photographers for stock images ; kids working on school reports ( and other non-commercial users ) should be able to clip images and use them for without negotiating a rights agreement with a copyright holder .
Incidental use is n't infringement .
If Zabulis 's photo had included a blowing piece of trash bearing a copyrighted work ( say , a copy of the Independent ) , he should still be allowed to sell and publish his photo without the Independent 's permission .
Incidental copying includes ( for example ) , Google copying every page on the web in order to create an index of the words on those pages .
Some commercial copying is OK .
For example , when a giant movie studio sits down to create a movie ( whose copyright they will eventually defend with the atavistic savagery of a maddened grizzly ) , the designers for the film will create a series of " mood books " filled with clipped , scanned and copied text , images , even video clips , to help the design team agree on the look and feel of the movie .
The studio does n't and should n't need permission to make these uses , though they are commercial and involve copying .
There are many other cases like this , from pasting articles into an email you send to your boss to photocopying an inspirational text and tacking it up in the break room .
They share one common trait : they do n't displace any revenue for the rightsholder .
When copyright cartels endanger a new medium , their copyrights should be converted into economic rights or thrown out .
This principle is as old as sound recordings : when the sheet - music publishers refused to license their work for records , the state intervened and forced them to sell at a fixed rate .
Today , many copyrights are relegated to economic rights : a performer has the right to be compensated for the playback of his CD in a shop , but not to stop the shop from playing the music .
Copyright 's purpose is to promote participation in culture : where refuseniks subvert that goal , their copyrights should be limited .
This is just a partial list , and it may strike you as radical .
But before you dismiss it , consider this : most copyright systems are supposed to work this way in theory .
But between corporate bullies who like to assert that " all rights reserved " means that no one is allowed to do anything without permission , and personal theories of what copyright means based on half - remembered lectures from the company lawyer , we treat copyright as absolute .
And when we do , we turn a system with a real purpose ( providing a framework for participants in creative businesses ) into a caricature of itself , one that no one can respect .
Naughty
Dog has seemed to have gotten the most out of the Playstation 3 hardware with their recent pulp - action Uncharted 2 , but the developer is n’t chomping at the bit for any new machines any time soon .
C0 - president Evan
Wells recently spoke with G4 about the possibility of a PS4 , and their comfort level with the current hardware generation .
“ We ’re pretty comfortable with the PS3 , and we made a very big advancement between the first game and the second game ; we ’re really tapping into the Cell processor , but there ’s more there .
The first game , it was idle about 70 percent of the time , which we rectified for the sequel , and now it ’s at least busy 100 percent of the time , but it ’s still not fully - optimized code .
I mean , in order to get to that 100 percent , it was more about making sure the pipeline was filled , and we were n’t running into one of the processors becoming idle because there was n’t a job ready for it .
But now we have to go into all of those routines and optimize them so we can get even more done using that Cell processor .
It really feels that sometimes it ’s this bottomless pit of processing power ; you find the right kind of job for it and it can just churn through those things so fast , which really helps with a lot of our rendering and post - processing effects . ”
“ So yes , we ’re getting comfortable .
No , we ’re not itching for new hardware .
I would love to keep working on the PlayStation [ 3 ] for 5 or 6 more years …
I think there ’s still a lot to get out of it .
We ’re not really feeling limited by the hardware ; it ’s more about the hours of the day and how quickly we want to get the next game out . ”
So , the other day as Uncle Edgester pondered the imponderable , which brings to mind a former " Cheers " star with some serious weight issues who is pretty imponderable herself , especially when she was on that one reality show , and what we really like about reality shows is how they emphasize important values like , uh , well , celebrity , which is much more important than talent or skills or contributing to society or ...
We seem to have wandered off subject a bit .
What we meant to ponder was what to call this all - but - spent decade , because labels matter you know , and calling the '00s something stupid like the aughts or the social networking decade is , well ... wait a second , we 're hearing " Fernando , " so our cell must be ringing ...
As we were saying ...
If we 're going to name this decade before it ends Friday ... uh wait a minute .
Have a text message from a co-worker who sits next to me and I need to reply ( " lunch , noon , is fine " ) .
Where were we ?
Think about it .
Cell phones did n't become ubiquitous ( and we could n't look up the word on our iPhone ) until this decade , so that must mean something .
In fact , what we think it means is .... OMG .
If we 're reading this tweet right , Ashton Kutcher ate THREE hot dogs for lunch .
We feel sooo connected and in the know .
And to think , we could n't do this in 1999 .
Which brings us back to , uh , what was it again ?
Wait .
we have n't changed our status on Facebook for 15 minutes .
Wow , we won $ 1,300 in Zynga Poker !
Oh yeah , our status .
Let 's just make it , " in the middle of something . "
Now , if we can just remember what .
Oh , that 's right , a name for the past 10 years .
How does Short Attention Span Decade sound ?
Gen McChrystal said Taliban figures might participate in government Nato's top commander in Afghanistan has said increased troop levels could bring a negotiated peace with the Taliban .
US Gen Stanley McChrystal told the UK's Financial Times newspaper that there had been " enough fighting " .
He said a political solution in all conflicts was " inevitable " .
His remarks came as the top UN envoy in Kabul said it was time to talk to the militants .
Afghan and Pakistani leaders are in Turkey to discuss tackling the Taliban - led insurgency in their countries .
This is the fourth such meeting initiated by Turkey , which has offered to broker talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban .
Both Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his Pakistani counterpart , Asif Ali Zardari , will attend an international conference on Afghanistan in London on Thursday .
' Focus on the future ' " I 'd like everybody to walk out of London with a renewed commitment , and that commitment is to the right outcome for the Afghan people , " Gen McChrystal told the Financial Times .
It 's impossible to paint the Taliban all with one brush ... [ the rank and file ] do n't want to pay the price for al - Qaeda 's extremism for ever
Gen Stanley McChrystal ,
Nato commander in Afghanistan
He said the arrival of the extra 30,000 US troops pledged by President Obama and the additional 7,000 troops promised by other Nato countries should deliver " very demonstrably positive " progress in 2010 .
But he warned that the level of Taliban violence could increase sharply this year .
The Taliban wanted to create the perception that Afghanistan was on fire , and that President Karzai and his Western allies could not cope , Gen McChrystal said .
However , if the new US - led strategy was successful , the militants " could look desperate " in a year 's time , he said .
" I think they will look like an entity that will be struggling for its own legitimacy ...
I think they will be on the defensive militarily , not wiped out . "
On the issue of reconciliation , Gen McChrystal said : " I believe that a political solution to all conflicts is the inevitable outcome .
And it's the right outcome . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Asked if he thought senior Taliban could have a role in a future Afghan government , he said : " I think any Afghans can play a role if they focus on the future , and not the past .
" As a soldier , my personal feeling is that there 's been enough fighting , " Gen McChrystal added .
' Time has come '
In an interview with the New York Times , United Nations special representative Kai Eide called for some senior Taliban leaders to be removed from a UN list of terrorists , as a prelude to direct talks .
" If you want relevant results , then you have to talk to the relevant person in authority , " Mr Eide said .
" I think the time has come to do it . "
President Karzai recently told the BBC that he planned to introduce a scheme to attract Taliban fighters back to normal life by offering money and jobs .
He said he would offer to pay and resettle Taliban fighters to come over to his side .
Mr Karzai said he hoped to win backing for his plan from the US and UK at the London conference .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Belgian photographer fotoopa ( “ photo grandpa ” in Dutch ) shoots ultra- high speed photographs with laser rigs he builds himself .
He tells us :
I ’m retired , and work inside in the winter making high - speed pictures of water figures .
In the springtime and summer I ’m outside to capturing insects in - flight .
I have a mechanics ( 15 years experience ) and electronics ( 26 years ) background , but photography was always my hobby .
All of my equipment is do - it - yourself .
Macro photography has always been one of my favorite types of photography .
Descriptions and diagrams of his rigs are posted for 2008 and 2009 .
Here ’s a glimpse at one of his setups :
To capture insects in flight , his rig detects the insects using two crossed laser beams .
This causes a “ superfast electro magnet ” to trigger the shutter , which opens and closes in less than 5 milliseconds .
Shooting at f/22 and ISO 100 , he uses 2 or 3 external flashes at minimum power to obtain sufficient light at so short a shutter speed .
He adds ,
For insects in - flight , a special second shutter system provides the short shutter - lag of ~ 7 msec necessary .
There is also a high - tech IR laser system with an extra third macro-lens and internal AVR controller .
In 40 microseconds , this system sees ( via the reflected IR light into the detector lens ) if an object comes in focus , and give the information to the central CPLD hardware controller that drive the whole system .
In this manner even very fast moving insects are in perfect focus in the picture frame .
In the winter , the water figures are done indoors .
First done in 2004 , I covered a speaker with a membrane , and put a digital wave through it to move the fine colored droplets on the membrane .
This provides wonderful images and an unlimited number of possibilities .
For 2010 I built a 3D stereo setup to capture all the high - speed macro pictures in 3D .
The setup uses 2 DSLR Nikon cameras , the D200 and D300
To see more of these amazing photographs , you can check out fotoopa on Flickr or on pbase .
( via MAKE )
Image credit : Photographs by fotoopa and used with permission .
After a year of seemingly shouting in the wilderness , Paul Volcker finally got his druthers this morning .
The Obama administration is going to push for a breakup of modern Wall Street .
Or at least a bunch of restrictions to wall off risky , profitable stuff from the nuts and bolts that keep the financial system going .
Which may not be able to get through the Senate anyway .
In fact , failing to get this through the Senate may be exactly what Obama ’s political strategists want — a popular cause to bash the Republicans with in the fall midterm elections .
But let ’s take the ( still - pretty - vague ) proposal at face value .
It would restrict “ the market share of liabilities at the largest financial firms ” to what they are , um , now .
And it would
ensure that no bank or financial institution that contains a bank will own , invest in or sponsor a hedge fund or a private equity fund , or proprietary trading operations unrelated to serving customers for its own profit .
So my question is , what did hedge funds , private equity funds and proprietary trading operations at large banks and investment banks have to do with the financial crisis we just went through ?
Not a whole lot , as far as I can tell .
Yeah , there were those two Bear Stearns subprime - mortgage hedge funds that imploded in the spring of 2007 .
But they would have had about the same impact if they were n’t linked to Bear .
Maybe their collapse inflicted reputational damage that hastened the fall of Bear Stearns almost a year later .
But beyond that , the biggest troubles at the big banks and investment banks had to do activities that were related to serving customers .
All those toxic CDOs that weighed down Citi and Merrill and UBS were intended to be sold .
It ’s just that customers stopped buying at some point in 2007 .
And the trading profits that have been resulting in big bonuses at Goldman and JP Morgan are for the most part not from separate proprietary trading operations , but from trading done ( ostensibly at least ) on behalf of customers .
Wall Street firms do n’t charge much in the way of commissions on the securities , foreign - exchange and derivatives trades they arrange with their customers .
Instead , they find ways to profit from the trades even as they “ serve ” their customers .
It seems like a weird , conflicted way of doing business , but it also seems like it would be really hard to stop without going back to some sort of regulated - commissions regime — and it does n’t appear to be something the Volcker - Obama effort is targeting .
Maybe the answer here is that the specifics do n’t matter .
By the 1990s , the specifics of the Glass - Steagall restrictions on commercial banks seemed pretty nonsensical — but I ’ve heard from enough people on Wall Street that doing away with those restrictions unleashed a wave of crazy risk - taking to believe that they must have had some kind of sobering effect .
Just having some kind of wall between the risky and essential helps , even if that wall is n’t constructed in exactly the right location .
Update : John Carney reports that Wall Street firms are already contemplating ways to reinvent their internal hedge funds and such as “ operations … serving customers . ”
THE venue , gay - friendly San Francisco , is a predictable one for a legal challenge that may lead to the legalisation of gay marriage in America .
But that hardly detracts from the drama of the trial of Perry v Schwarzenegger , which began on January 11th .
Pitting two gay couples ( including Kristin Perry ) against the state of California ( represented by its governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger ) , it is a federal review of whether Proposition 8 , a Californian voter initiative of 2008 that outlawed gay marriage in the state , is constitutional .
Whatever the outcome , the case is likely to end up in the Supreme Court .
But first the trial will do two things : it will establish for the first time a body of expert evidence which appellate courts can use to evaluate claims by supporters and opponents of gay marriage .
And it will blur the existing partisan divide on the issue between conservatives and liberals .
This is thanks to the unusual pairing of lawyers who are arguing in favour of gay marriage for the plaintiffs .
David Boies , a well - known liberal who acted for Al Gore in his 2000 court fight against George Bush over the presidency , is an unsurprising choice .
But his partner , Theodore Olson , is a prominent conservative and was Mr Boies 's courtroom adversary in 2000 .
Now he has teamed up with Mr Boies to argue for legalising gay marriage based on what he considers an arch - conservative interpretation of the constitution .
The defence is hoping to establish the right of voters to amend the constitution of their state .
California 's Supreme Court , six of whose seven justices were appointed by Republican governors , ruled in May 2008 that a ban on same - sex marriage violated California 's constitution .
This ruling galvanised opponents of gay marriage to put Proposition 8 on the ballot .
It passed with 52 % of the vote , and the state Supreme Court upheld it .
America 's constitution , however , does not allow rights to be stripped from its citizens by majority vote .
The federal Supreme Court ruled in 1996 that any laws motivated by homophobia ( or other bigotry ) are unconstitutional .
The motivation behind the Proposition 8 campaign has thus become an issue .
Scholars will testify about homophobic discrimination .
They will also be cross -examined about other claims against gay marriage .
One concerns the sanctity of tradition .
But , as Mr Olson has already argued , the fact that something has been custom in the past does not require it to remain that way — otherwise , America would still ban interracial marriage .
Ultimately , Mr Olson is trying to establish that conservatives should welcome , not fear , gay marriage .
They revere marriage as a social institution , so the respect of gays for it should be a cause for celebration , not disgust .
And there is also the 14th amendment of the constitution , which guarantees Americans equal protection under the law .
I installed a new 18 ft steel insulated garage door .
It has begin to creep up on one side so that the door is lopsided when closed .
I have adjusted the set screws twice which only fixed it temporarily .
I even replaced the set **** with longer ones & still it creeps up on one end .
Any ideas on what else I can do ?
Rats were used in the study , which looked at smell and bonding New research into how animals bond with each other could shed light on the causes of autism and anxiety disorders , according to an Edinburgh scientist .
Researchers pinpointed how a key hormone , known as vasopressin , helped animals recognise each other by smell .
Edinburgh University experts found animals could no longer recognise each other when the hormone failed to work .
They said the study may offer clues about the way humans make emotional connections with each other .
The ability to recognise other individuals by smell is said to be crucial in helping animals establish strong bonds with other animals .
Research that helps us to gain a fundamental understanding of how our brains work is vital
Professor Mike Ludwig
Edinburgh University
The researchers , working with scientists in Germany and Japan , studied the way rats familiarised themselves with other rats using their sense of smell .
They put an adult rat in an enclosure with a baby rat and left them to sniff and interact with each other .
After a short separation , they placed the baby back in the adult 's enclosure , together with an unknown baby .
Adult rats whose vasopressin had been blocked failed to recognise the baby they had already met .
' Social memories ' Professor Mike Ludwig , who led the study , said : " This study gives us a window into understanding the biological basis of social interactions .
" Normally , vasopressin supports the forming of ' social memories ' .
" But if it is lost , disturbed , or interrupted then the animals are unable to recognise other individuals by their odour .
" Some studies , including ours , suggest that when the vasopressin system in the brain is not working properly , it may prevent people from forming deep emotional bonds with other individuals or might underlie conditions such as autism and social phobia . "
The research was funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) .
Professor Janet Allen , BBSRC director of research said : " Research that helps us to gain a fundamental understanding of how our brains work is vital if we are to know what is happening when something has gone wrong . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
People are quicker when reacting than when initiating
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
Scientists were inspired by the idea of reaction times in Hollywood shootouts Inspired by Hollywood cowboy films , researchers have delved into the science of gun fights .
Scientists discovered that people move faster when reacting to something than when they perform " planned actions " .
In an experimental " duel " , published in Proceedings of the Royal Society B , they studied the speed of these two types of movement .
As well as unpicking Wild West mythology , scientists hope the findings will shed light on movement disorders .
The team say the results could help diagnose conditions such as Parkinson 's disease .
Gun - free duel Pairs of participants were put in a button - pressing competition with each other .
Each was secretly given instructions of how long to wait before pushing a row of buttons .
" There was no ' go ' signal , " said Dr Andrew Welchman from the University of Birmingham , who led the research .
" All they had to go by was either their own intention to move or a reaction to their opponent - just like in the gunslingers legend . "
Those who reacted to their opponent were on average 21 milliseconds faster than those who initiated the movement .
The person who draws second is going to die
Dr Andrew Welchman
University of Birmingham " I was n't expecting that we would find such a clear difference , " said Dr Welchman .
" In our everyday lives we have this constant battle between things we decide to do and things we have to do to avoid a negative consequence . "
" If you 're making a cup of tea that would be an intentional decision .
If we then knock the cup of tea off the table , the reactive comes into play as we try to catch the cup as fast as possible . "
No consolation
The implications for gunslingers though are not straightforward , and the outcome of a Hollywood shoot - out , it seems , is based more on myth than science .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Dr Welchman explained that it took around 200 milliseconds to respond to what an opponent was doing , so , in a gunfight , the 21 millisecond reactionary advantage would be unlikely to save you .
" The person who draws second is going to die .
They 'll die happy that they are the faster person to move but it's not much consolation in this context , " said Dr Welchman .
The scientists want to find out if there are two different brain processes underlying the two different types of action .
They think there could be evidence for this in people with Parkinson 's disease .
Dr Welchman says there is evidence that Parkinson 's patients are more impaired in intentional movement than in reactive ones .
" If you 're someone who 's going to develop Parkinson 's disease , this difference might get exaggerated , " he said .
" [ So ] you might be able to get an earlier idea that there could be problems with movement . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most decisions in our lives are very complex .
They involve many influences tugging at our minds .
We are conscious of some of these tugging influences , but I contend that we are not conscious of most of the influences .
But once our minds have made a choice , we slowly form stories to explain to both ourselves and others the “ hows ? ” or “ whys ? ” of our decision .
The resulting story excludes this complexity .
These stories usually are very simplified .
For not only do we ourselves not understand many of the processes that subconsciously informed our decisions , but even our simplified understanding gets whittled down further over time as we watch others respond to our stories .
Let me give a fictional example .
Imagine “ Fred ” breaks up with his girlfriend “ Mary ” .
Fred ’s friends will ask him “ Why did you break up with Mary ? ”
Now , if the people asking are close friends of Mary , he may say , “ Well , she just did not like me as much as I think couples who are in - love should like each other .
So I decided to be honest and just break up . ”
Mary ’s friends , knowing that Mary had doubts about Fred , know he is right but they do n’t want to hurt Fred ’s feelings any further so they just comfort him saying , “ Well , I hope it all works out for you . ”
But Fred tells a different version to another group of his own friends who barely know Mary , “ Well , Mary always complained and was never happy . ”
Lots of these friends like this story because it makes
Fred look good and they personally feel that they have had girlfriends that complained too much .
So they give him lots of strong head nods as they pat him on the back and laughingly say , “ Well , there are lots of fish in the sea , you ’ll find a good one ! ”
Now , there may be elements of truth to both stories , but even these two stories themselves surely do n’t carry half of the real complexity of this couple ’s separation .
And over time , Fred may just stick with the story where he gets the most head nods and pats on the back .
Fred will only use the story that works best .
And he will use it over and over for years and slowly Fred himself will start forgetting the details of his relationship with Mary and he will simply rewrite his real history with Mary with this approved simple version of Mary .
New couples usually do this with each other – deriding their previous partners with simple stories to make both their new partner and themselves feel good .
“ He / she was just a complete idiot ” , they say .
And with the right amount of head nods , the story sticks .
The human mind does this constantly .
This is just one of the many ways our rationality is bounded .
Question for readers :
Can you recognize how you have re-written your story of a former relationship ?
Or , more in keeping with the theme of this blog :
Can you recognize how you have simplified your story of conversion in or out of a religion ?
To be fair , there have certainly been moments when I feared I was succumbing to a form of Stockholm Syndrome with this game  that I had been taken captive and only through some psychological dependency was I convincing myself that I was actually enjoying it .
And that would make some sense , because Dragon
Age struck me precisely at the emotional core of who I am as a gamer .
Image Dragon Age : Origins : A world of Tolkien - like scope is packed into this game from Electronic Arts. Credit ... Electronic Arts
Being raised an only child in the middle of the woods in a house without television before the Internet age , I basically grew up on single - player fantasy role - playing games  Dragon
Age ’s progenitors like the Bard ’s Tale , Might and Magic , Ultima and Wizardry series .
Some of my strongest memories of childhood are of meticulously mapping out dungeons from the Bard ’s Tale games on graph paper .
Thankfully , you do n’t need graph paper to enjoy Dragon Age , but it is unabashedly old - school in its relentless depth and considerable challenge .
To succeed in Dragon Age , particularly at its higher difficulty levels , you will need to study its intricate though coherent combat dynamics .
You will want to read the game ’s Internet message boards to glean the insights of your fellow players .
You will need to hone your tactical awareness and thoroughly understand the abilities and limitations of each member of your band of adventurers  each spell , each weapon , each special attack move .
If those things do n’t sound like fun , Dragon Age is not the game for you .
But a great single - player role - playing game cannot be made from play systems alone .
Even more important to a great game of this sort is that it provide players with a world they actually care about saving ( in this case defeating the demon menace by rallying mages , elves , dwarves and men to the cause ) .
That means setting , plot and personalities , and it is in these elements that Dragon Age is perhaps the best electronic game yet made .
In particular , not even the Grand Theft Auto games , as fabulous as they are , are populated with such a panoply of fascinating , nuanced , realistic characters .
In Dragon Age , the avatar that you create can adventure along with as many as three companions simultaneously out of a total of nine that you can discover .
Setting aside your pet war hound , each of your bipedal comrades  the conflicted and vacillating knight , the hilariously rakish bisexual assassin , the court bard turned nun  feels like a real person .
They have their own agendas and their own moral compasses .
( In Grand Theft Auto everyone is a bad guy . )
Some care about doing the right thing .
Others care only for themselves .
Some will abandon you or even attack you if they disagree with your choices as the story unfolds .
In all , Dragon Age must contain hundreds of thousands , if not more than a million , words of dialogue .
And there is no way to hear even half of it on a single playthrough because the characters interact with one another in various combinations and there are so many different ways to approach each conversation , not only with your main companions but also with the hundreds of other characters who populate Ferelden .
He recently won the Houston Chevron / Aramco half marathon , now Kevin Saunders wants to share his amazing personal story with the nation .
Soon President Obama will name a chair to lead the President ’s Council on Physical Fitness .
Saunders has been nominated , but he needs grassroots help -- write a letter to support Kevin Saunders as chair of the President ’s Council on Physical Fitness .
Start today by becoming a Facebook fan of Kevin Saunders for Chairman of the President ’s Council on Physical Fitness / Sport .
His supporters have set a goal of 5,000 Facebook fans .
See Kevin ’s ABC TV interview after the race where he talks about what he would do as Chairman by clicking this link : http://abclocal.go.com/ktrk/video?id=7223453
Kevin Saunders ’ audacious plan as chairman is to push his wheelchair through all 50 states over the next 2.5 years .
He ’ll speak in schools and visit the Mayors and city councils and Governors to see what the PCPFS can do , as well to encourage the entire community get fit .
“ Kids need to see what choices take them closer to their goals or further away , and start refining and improving their choices .
This tour also allows them to realize that most goals are not reached in days or even weeks but months and sometime years , ” said Saunders .
“ I have a deep passion and drive to see that all of America gets fit !
At each stop I want to have an activity such as a run , aerobics , and other physical activities accessible to most people .
The tour is inspired by my friend and mentor , Arnold Schwarzenegger .
When he chaired the committee , he visited all 50 state capitols .
As Governor Schwarzenegger said ; ‘ Kevin ’s broken body serves as a silent testament to one who has overcome tremendous obstacles and beckons others to follow ’ . ”
Saunders was appointed to the President ’s Council on Physical Fitness by President George H.W. Bush and was the only council member to be reappointed to the council by President Bill Clinton .
He is a sought - after speaker , motivational coach , and author of five books .
He has a proven , singular to communicate , not only about fitness as an essential , everyday tool , but way to truly overcome life ’s most challenging circumstances .
There could be no better role model to lead the President ’s committee .
Organized athletic competition is only one element of his record of achievement .
Saunders ’ attempt to raise awareness of fitness and disability issues led him to wheel over 2,500 miles from Canada to México and serve as “ Ambassador of Fitness ” wheeling across several European countries , meeting with officials to advance disability causes .
Help Kevin Saunders wheel his way to Washington to serve the country as Chair of the President ’s Council on Physical Fitness and Sport .
Visit http://www.KevinSaunders.com, go to the left and under the big blue NEVER GIVE UP !
and click on ‘ Who is Kevin Saunders and why should he be the next Chairman of the President ’s Council on Physical Fitness & Sports ? ’
Then send a letter to President Obama today .
The Hon Barack Obama , White House Personnel , RE : Appointment Chairman Fitness Council
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Ave
Washington , DC 20500
cc letter to :
Kathleen Sebelius
Sec. Health and Human Services
200 Independence Ave SW
Washington , DC 20201
For any questions please feel free to contact :
Dora Ortiz at Saunders & Associates @ info(at)kevinsaunders ( dot ) com
Website : http://www.KevinSaunders.com
( on home page on left side below Olympic torch , below the blue NEVER GIVE UP !
Click on pdf link entitled : “ Who is Kevin Saunders and why should he be the next chairman of the President ’s Council on Physical Fitness & Sports ? )
PH : 713-686-0077
###
For all the worries about pollution from China , international climate experts are loath to criticize the country without pointing out that the average American still consumes more energy and is responsible for the release of 10 times as much carbon dioxide as the average Chinese .
While China now generates more electricity from coal than does the United States , America 's consumption of gasoline dwarfs China's , and burning gasoline also releases carbon dioxide .
An Insatiable Demand ?
The Chinese are still far from achieving what has become the basic standard in the West .
Urban elites who can afford condominiums are still a tiny fraction of China 's population .
But these urban elites are role models with a lifestyle sought by hundreds of millions of Chinese .
Plush condos on sale in Shanghai are just a step toward an Americanized lifestyle that is becoming possible in the nation 's showcase city .
Far from the Wu family in rural Shaanxi , the Lu Bei family grew up in cramped , one - room apartments in Shanghai .
Now the couple own a large three - bedroom apartment in the city 's futuristic Pudong financial district .
They have two television sets , four air - conditioners , a microwave , a dishwasher , a washing machine and three computers .
They also have high - speed Internet access .
" This is my bedroom , " said Lu Bei , a 35 - year - old insurance agency worker entering a spacious room with a king - size bed .
" We moved here two years ago .
We had a baby and wanted a decent place to live . "
For millions of Chinese to live like the Lus with less damage to the environment , energy conservation is crucial .
But curbing that usage would be impossible as long as China keeps energy prices low .
Gasoline still costs $ 2 a gallon , for example , and electricity is similarly cheap for many users .
With Chinese leaders under constant pressure to create jobs for the millions of workers flooding from farms into cities each year , as well as the rapidly growing ranks of college graduates , there has been little enthusiasm for a change of strategy .
Indeed , China is using subsidies to make its energy even cheaper , a strategy that is not unfamiliar to Americans , said Kenneth Lieberthal , a China specialist at the University of Michigan .
" They have done in many ways , " he said , " what we have done . "
The US - based International Intellectual Property Alliance has asked the US Trade Rep to add Indonesia to its list of rogue nations that do n't respect copyright .
What did Indonesia do to warrant inclusion on this " 301 list " ?
Its government had the temerity to advise its ministries to give preference to free / open source software because it will cost less and reduce the use of pirated proprietary software in government .
According to the IPA , this movement to reduce copyright infringement is actually bad for copyright , because " it fails to build respect for intellectual property rights and also limits the ability of government or public - sector customers ( e.g. , State - owned enterprise ) to choose the best solutions . "
This is like crack dealers campaigning against having a laugh with friends because happiness reduces the need for intoxicants .
This is like … well , it 's like a bunch of fat - cat scumbags behaving so shamefully that you want to smack them .
Let 's forget that the statement ignores the fact that there are plenty of businesses built on the OSS model ( RedHat , WordPress , Canonical for starters ) .
But beyond that , it seems astonishing to me that anyone should imply that simply recommending open source products – products that can be more easily tailored without infringing licensing rules – " undermines " anything .
In fact , IP enforcement is often even more strict in the open source community , and those who infringe licenses or fail to give appropriate credit are often pilloried .
If you 're looking at this agog , you should be .
It 's ludicrous .
But the IIPA and USTR have form here : in recent years they have put Canada on the priority watchlist .
When using open source makes you an enemy of the state
She is the daughter of a famous German professor and at 17 , her best - selling debut novel about sex , drugs and teenage self - discovery is already in its third edition , only weeks after being published .
With her book also just nominated for a major literary prize , some have begun to label Helene Hegemann insufferably precocious .
But if the young writer 's ego had swollen at the praise for her work , it has now been dramatically punctured .
For the charges of precocity pale in comparison to the torrent of criticism to which the teenaged Berlin author has been exposed since her bizarrely named novel , Axolotl Roadkill appeared in bookshops in late January .
Ms Hegemann now finds herself at the centre of a furious literary row about plagiarism .
Ms Hegeman , whose father is the renowned German literary director and theatre professor Carl Hegemann , has already written a play and the script to her own film .
But her novel about a 16 - year - old girl who suffers the death of her mother and subsequently plumbs the depths of wild sex and heavy drug taking on Berlin 's techno music scene has been her first runaway success .
The book was recently nominated for the Leipzig Book Fair 's prestigious fiction prize and this week reached second place on the German best seller lists .
Ullstein , the publishers have so far printed over 100,000 copies .
" It is one of the best and most unusual works that I have read in recent years , " insisted Ullstein 's spokeswoman Siv Bublitz .
Yet Ms Hegemann now faces embarrassing allegations that she stole whole chunks of material for her book from someone else 's novel and other sources .
It has emerged that a key inspiration for Ms Hegemann 's book was a far less well known novel called Strobo , which has sold only about 100 copies .
It is by a 28 - year - old Bavarian blogger who writes under the nom de plume of Airen .
Strobo's author come from a background very different from Ms Hegemann 's cultured literary milieu .
He moved to Berlin only a few years ago to work for a firm of consultants .
He uses a pseudonym and has claimed he would alarm his employers if he revealed his true identity as an author .
His book , which is a compilation of his blogs , is his own personal account of his outrageously hedonistic experiences in the sex and drugs world of Berlin 's underground scene .
Shortly after Ms Hegemann 's book appeared , a blogger pointed out that passages of it bore an uncanny similarity to Strobo .
In one case a whole page had simply been lifted from Strobo and planted in Axolotl Roadkill .
In others , phrases spoken by Strobo characters were found to have turned up in Ms Hegemann 's work .
" Berlin is here to mix everything with everything , " is the profound observation of a character called Edmond in Ms Hegemann 's book .
It subsequently emerged that the phrase was originally written on Airen 's blog .
" There was really no need for her to copy me , " insisted Airen in an interview with Germany 's Der Spiegel magazine .
" But she borrowed entire passages of my dialogue .
I feel that my copyright has been infringed . "
Iin an artful attempt to steal their critics ' thunder Ms Hegemann and her publishers have gone on the offensive .
They have managed , in part , to turn what at face value appeared to be a clearcut case of stealing somebody else 's words into a wide - ranging debate about the meaning of plagiarism in the online era .
They argue that Axolotl Roadkill is merely an example of modern " intertextual mixing " .
Interviewed last week about the charges , Ms Hegemann 's defence was simply " I cannot understand what all the fuss is about . "
While she acknowledges that she used numerous " sources " for her book , she also claims that she is a member of a different generation of writers which is used to adapting and using the abundance of information available online for its own creative purposes .
" I remember sentences my friends tell me just as much as I take on the ideas of the Slovenian critical theorist Slavoj Zizek , " she told Der Spiegel , which described her as a " know - all " .
" I went everywhere I could find inspiration , " she said about her book , and added : " There is no such thing as originality anyway , there is just authenticity . "
Such arguments appear to have won over veteran figures of Germany 's literary establishment like Volker Weidemann , a member of the Leipzig Book Fair Jury and a book critic for the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper .
" Obviously it 's not completely clean , but for me it does not change my appraisal of the text .
I believe it 's part of the concept of the book , " he insisted .
That said , it is not difficult to understand why Airen and many in the German literary world feel cheated .
In Axolotl Roadkill one of Ms Hegemann 's characters spells out what appears to be the author 's philosophy as follows : " I help myself wherever I find inspiration and ideas : films , music books , paintings , poetry about sausages , photos , conversations , dreams ... light and shadow , precisely because my work and my theft become authentic the moment something touches my soul .
Who cares where I get things from ?
All that matters is what I do with them . "
" So it 's not by you then ? " another character asks .
" No , it 's by some blogger , " is the response .
The blogger just happens to be Airen .
Airen 's Strobo is the author 's account of his own excessive drug taking , and dozens of compulsive hetero - and homosexual encounters on the Berlin techno scene .
" If it says in my book that I had to throw up , it means I really threw up , " he said .
By contrast Ms Hegemann has not disclosed to what extent the Berlin club scene experiences she writes about in her novel were actually her own .
Yesterday , however , Ms Hegemann 's and her publishers clearly thought it was time to modify their stance .
Ullstein published a statement admitting that Ms Hegemann had lifted some 20 excerpts from Strobo virtually word for word .
It acknowledged that a further 20 passages came from other texts or were inspired by them .
A list of Ms Hegemann 's " sources " will be published in the fourth edition of her book .
However the plagiarism question was neatly side - stepped : " This novel follows the aesthetic principle of intertextuality and may contain further excerpts , " the statement concluded .
Whether the reading public will accept that explanation remains to be seen .
Close encounter :
How the texts compare
From Helene Hegemann 's novel , Axolotl Roadkill :
" He is about as heterosexual as it comes ... then he goes over and tells a tender looking black haired girl with sort of olive coloured dream legs , how much he is turned on by the fact that her skin looks exactly the same all over her body , even in her armpits . "
From a blog by ' Airen ' , author of Strobo :
Welcome to our community .
In this community , you can submit ideas , vote on existing ideas , or add comments .
To submit an idea , please click the Submit New Idea button at the top of the navigation sidebar .
You will then be asked to add a title and choose a campaign for the new idea .
You will also have the option to add tags to the idea .
To vote on an idea , simply click the up or down arrows to the right of the idea title / description .
And to add a comment , click in the box below the idea .
If you would like to see all ideas created with a specific tag , you can click on the word or phrase via the tagcloud in the navigation sidebar area under " What we 're discussing " .
You can also view ideas sorted by Campaigns from the right navigation area .
To return to this page , click the All Ideas link .
An ex-employee of Swiss banking giant UBS reportedly may leave prison a rich man after he blew the whistle on a huge US tax fraud .
Bradley Birkenfeld turned in thousands of people for trying to evade paying taxes in the United States .
But he was sentenced in August 2009 to three years and four months in jail for inciting UBS clients to commit tax fraud .
Bradley Birkenfeld ... jailed for three years .
Credit : Reuters
Birkenfeld told CBS on Sunday he felt he had been badly treated after he denounced 19,000 UBS clients who were said to have invested about 20 billion Swiss francs ( $ A15.05 billion ) in secret Swiss accounts .
" I 'm the only one going to prison .
Out of 19,000 accounts and no Swiss bankers , " he said .
I think you noticed that nowadays , chalkboards are more and more popular .
You can put one in the kitchen or bedroom and write on love message or your to - do list , seems a lot of fun !
Well , Freshome gathered from all over chalkboard clocks , which I ’ll kindly share with you .
And by the way , I realized that in our apartment we do n’t have any clock hanged on the wall , so I found a great motivation to get a chalkboard clock :)
What are your impressions about chalkboards and , particularly , about chalkboard clocks ?
THank you for explaining hearing it from the horses mouth , instead of a bunch of outsiders , help to clear a lot up .
I did not expect for you all to go in such detail .
But thanks again .
When ever you are back in full swing be glad to purchase " droidmod updater " have no prob making another $ 5 donation
Click to expand ...
A police officer walks past damage caused by huge fallen rocks on the main highway south of Tessaloniki , Greece , on Thursday .
An Italian engineer was crushed to death by a falling boulder while inspecting damage to the highway , but two more people with him escaped by diving into a ditch .
The rockfalls , which started late Wednesday after heavy rains , forced authorities to close the road indefinitely .
Python for Controls , System Dynamics , and Mechatronics
A Python Module for System Dynamics and Controls
Examples for ME 356 System Dynamics
An Introduction to Python for Control , System Dynamics , and Mechatronics
Bode Plot Generation
Step Response and Swept Sine Response of a First Order System
Introduction to step responses and system identification .
Fourier Analysis
Determine expressions for y( t ) based on taking the FFT of the data .
Data is tab delimited in 2 columns - t and y( t ) .
Verify your expression for y( t ) by plotting your expression over top of the data from the file .
Be sure to clearly label your plots and submit your code .
System Modeling / Identification Homework
Here is a module I am working to make it easier for my students to use Python in my " System Dynamics " and " Feedback Control " courses :
If you do not have authority to install one of the above files , you can place this file in your current working directory or any directory in your PYTHONPATH : These are some Python files I put together to help my mechatronics students use Python for modeling dynamic systems .
Feel free to use them however you please .
If you add to them , please email me your improvements .
This is a basic demo of how to generate a Bode plot from a transfer function , using a lowpass RC filter as an example .
Basic Fourier analysis example : A Fourier homework assignment : fourier_hw1.txt ( data file 1 ) fourier_hw2.txt ( data file 2 ) Example of how to read data from text files :
Plot the step responses and swept sine responses vs. time from the data files .
Find the transfer function for each system by taking the fft of the sweptsine data ( generate Bode plots ) .
Taking the step response and Bode plot together for each system , estimate the parameters for each system ( come up with a transfer function model with known coefficients ) .
Verify your transfer functions by overlaying Bode plots from your model and the data .
Slaves to Coke A Photographic Journey into Germany's Steel Past
Steel is in Germany 's blood .
With the Continent looking to Essen this year , as the Capital of European Culture 2010 , the city is looking back on its industrial past .
Photos taken by photographer Karlheinz Jardner in 1983 of what was then Europe 's largest coking plant provide a unique look at an industry that has since largely vanished from the banks of the Ruhr River .
Marita Pfeiffer und Solveig Grothe Von
Please visit our sister web site www.blair.com or goldviolin.blair.com .
( This post previously appeared at OilPrice.com and is reprinted with permission )
The IEA has apparently calculated that OPEC earned 575 billion ( U.S. ) dollars in oil export revenues in 2009 , a relatively depressed year , and might earn more than 700 billion this year .
If this is true , I choose to believe that OPEC 's future strategy is almost identical to the one I would employ if I were in their place .
I am sure that this confession will win me neither friends nor employers , however as we said in the United States when I was a boy , " I would rather be right than president ! "
To be explicit , OPEC 's announced intentions are almost the same as those predicated by the late Howard Chenery of Harvard University , who together with Professors Tinbergen and Fritsch ( the first winners of the Nobel Prize in economics ) was the most sophisticated development economist of the 20th century .
His book on the analytics of economic development , written with Paul Clark of the Rand Corporation ( 1962 ) , was used at the African Institute for Economic and Development planning ( Dakar , Senegal ) when I taught there , but it appears to have been ignored by later generations of teachers and students because of its heavy content of linear programming and input - output analysis .
Although not immediately obvious , Chenery 's approach was similar to that recently adopted by several major ( and perhaps minor ) oil companies , and theoretically reduces to the following : in an inter - temporal framework , more emphasis will be placed on short - term profits than the expansion of exploration , and attempting to designate a future production scheme in the light of increasing uncertainty about the availability of reserves .
The mathematics here is straightforward , and seems relevant even though - for example - the EIA estimates a demand increase of 1 mb/ d this year , 1.47 mb/d in 2011 , and almost certainly more later .
OPEC 's ' management ' is also concerned with short term profits , but not for the same reason .
The more far - sighted OPEC personalities and / or theoreticians have as an ultimate goal the use of oil incomes to reconfigure the economic structure of OPEC economies - i.e. to move from being producers of petroleum to producing oil products and petrochemicals , and to a certain extent beyond .
An intention of this nature logically means restricting the production of oil .
Assuming that every barrel of oil reserves that is not produced now will be produced later , many of these ' future ' barrels will be transformed into oil products ( e.g. naptha ) , and a large fraction of these items into petrochemicals .
As the last Shah of Iran mentioned , " crude oil is too precious to be burned up in the air . "
What about the consumers of oil - do they have a strategy ?
If we think of consumers as a group , they do not have a strategy - they have a dream .
Their dream features a gradual rearrangement of the global oil picture so that the price of vehicle and aviation fuel descends to that experienced eight or ten years ago , and stays at that level .
The genesis of this fantasy is a profound indifference to what has taken place in the great world of oil over the past few decades .
Just the sort of deficiency that I told my students they should avoid if they preferred a passing to a failing grade , they were also told to learn the following perfectly :
Output in the U.S. peaked at the end of l970 at a value of about 9.5 mb/d - which is approximately the present output of Saudi Arabia and Russia , the largest producers of oil in the world .
When that peaking took place there was still an enormous amount of oil onshore or directly offshore the United States .
Production then dropped to 7.5 mb/d , but when the giant Prudhoe Bay field in Alaska came on line , the total output in the U.S. turned up .
Unfortunately however , the previous peak was never attained .
Instead , total U.S. production stopped short of that peak and once again began to decline .
Today U.S. output is approximately 5.5 mb/d , and it is almost certain that it will continue falling .
In other words , The U.S. oil production experience is both a model and a paradigm for what will take place on the global level , and conceptually involves no more than intertemporal profit maximization !
Now find and examine production curves for the 300 largest oil fields in the world , and after satisfying yourself that a majority of these curves have turned down or flattened ( i.e. plateau ) , ask how is it possible , in these circumstances , for anyone to sincerely believe that a global peak will not take place .
Please note very carefully the word " sincerely " .
What it means in the present exposition is that there are people who know better than I do that a global peak will arrive , but have excellent reasons - of a career and financial nature - for claiming the opposite .
For example , at least one of my best students in Bangkok was informed by his supervisor that it was taboo to engage in wanton chatter about ' peak oil ' .
A supposed peak oil sceptic at an influential consulting firm has employed the picturesque word " garbage " to describe the work of peak - oil believers .
If you encounter him some fine day , remind him that the output of the U.S. has peaked , as has production in the UK and Norwegian North Sea .
Given the opportunity you should also mention that what was the second largest field in the world just a few years ago - the Cantarell field in Mexico - is declining at a startling rate .
None of this is likely to upset him , because his organization claims that the production of oil will reach 115 mb/d by 2030 , and moreover will remain at that level through 2050 .
This kind of forecast is not even wrong - it is psychopathic .
The Russian output may be close to peaking , and a director of one of the largest Russian firms says that his country will never produce more than 10 mb/d .
This may or may not be correct , but in any case Russian exporters will do an increasing amount of business in Asia , to the detriment of European importers .
Oil importers everywhere though can consider the following :
The discovery of conventional oil peaked in l965 .
In the early l980s the annual consumption of oil became larger than the annual discovery , and at the present time only about 1 barrel of ( conventional or near - conventional ) oil is discovered for every 3 consumed .
According to a British Petroleum document , of 54 producing nations only 14 still show increasing production .
Thirty nations are past peak output , while output rates are declining in 10 .
To claim that all of this bad news does not imply an eventual peaking is the same as implying that the ( oil ) whole is less than the sum of the parts , which is a myth that no intelligent observer would rush to endorse .
One more thing needs to be mentioned here : regardless of production , there will be a downward pressure on exports , as OPEC countries ' consume ' larger amounts of their oil output in both consumption and investment activities .
Speculation vs Fundamentals and Final Remarks
On the few occasions when I dream about oil , those dreams show me insisting , often in non-academic language , that oil price movements of the last two years can be explained by supply and demand , or fundamentals , and not speculation .
But regardless of what I say , or how I say it , there are always persons who refuse to share my belief that fundamentals - in the broadest possible sense - are the items on which to focus .
Fadel Gheit , the ' senior ' oil analyst at Oppenheimer , ostensibly claims that supply and demand have not determined oil prices for years .
That influential gentleman posits that the financial market , speculation , is behind price movements over the past few years .
As it happens , that claim was first circulated by OPEC , because it is in their economic interest to do so .
Please try to remember that OPEC has morphed into a genuine and strong cartel , with a decisive influence on the price of crude oil , and since this is made clear virtually every day , they have no choice but to pretend that someone else is responsible for high oil prices .
Would n't you do the same thing if you were in their place ?
For instance , with demand weak , the price of oil is still rising .
My favourite short comment on the present topic begins with a diagram of oil prices , provided me by one of the most important oil economists , David Cohen ( 2009 ) .
In this diagram we see a genuine oil price spike - associated with the first Gulf war - and a spike - like movement at the end of the last century , caused by OPEC cutting production by about 1,500 b/d , together with cold weather in the large oil importing countries .
Other genuine spikes took place in l973 - 74 as a result of the nationalization of oil by OPEC members , and in l981 , due to a change in the government of Iran .
After 2004 we get a sustained rise to late 2008 .
The most important of these occurrences was the spike - like movement at the end of the century , because that demonstrated to the OPEC management what solidarity and knowledge of the oil market could accomplish in a situation where oil production was peaking in such important producing regions as the North Sea , and new large discoveries of reserves were NOT taking place .
Then , in 2003 - 04 , the escalating oil demand of China and India gave OPEC its opportunity , and they took advantage of it .
What about speculation ?
In the diagram , in the background to the price movements from 1991 to the beginning of the new century , there was plenty of speculation , with smart speculators registering excellent incomes and bonuses ; but from 2003 speculators - or traders as they prefer to be called - did not have to be particularly smart .
What they had to do to make serious money was to recognize that demand was outrunning supply , and one of the reasons for this is OPEC and its agenda becoming the determining factor on the supply side of the oil market , which they still are !
Unlike the situation when I wrote my oil book , the futures market now occupies a pivotal role in the pricing of oil ( for reasons that can not be discussed in this short note ) , but if the actions of speculators or / traders or dealers in physical oil have not been validated by fundamentals , a price movement of the steepness shown in the diagram could not possibly have happened !
Some algebra might be useful here , but it will be excluded because neither algebra nor anything else can convince the new chorus of hard - line populists who are resolutely determined to blame ' Wall Street ' for the present macroeconomic meltdown , as well as the failure of the oil price to collapse as a result .
In my textbooks ( 2007 , 2000 ) I might have said that there still remains a great deal to be explained about the oil market , but as far as I am concerned that is no longer the case .
To use a favourite expression of President Richard Nixon , it is all perfectly clear .
Given the likely future demand , oil is scarce , and that commodity will become scarcer as the global motoring population increases .
As for the prediction of Len Gould at the beginning of the present contribution , large or small wars for energy materials are something that definitely could happen , but when possible it would be best if they were avoided , since they are extremely expensive .
Alan Greenspan may have been correct in attributing the Iraq war to oil , since after the fall of Bagdad the only building in that city receiving maximum protection appeared to be the oil ministry , however it must have occurred to him ( and others ) that it would have been more economical to finance very large investments in the oil and tar sands of Northern Alberta than to continue to prosecute a war for years after it was won .
Moreover , there are some large Iraqi oil fields that are ripe for exploitation , in that they contain large quantities of easily accessible oil , and apparently Big Oil has been welcomed back into Iraq for the first time since oil assets were nationalized in the early seventies .
Perhaps I should confess my belief that things have played out so that Iraq will remain a staunch member of OPEC , and abide by its quotas .
The reason I believe this is that it makes both economic and political sense .
The IEA now says that non-OPEC production - which is about 60 % of total crude output - will peak this year , but they cannot accept a global peak of crude by 2030 .
This is not just wrong , but in terms of secondary school mathematics ignorant - although the brilliant energy analyst Gregor MacDonald confines his judgement to " silly " , and provides some numerical evidence that non-OPEC production has already peaked ( 2010 ) .
Moreover , when on the subject of economic sense , it might be wise to remember that the key variable for the oil importing countries is not production in the OPEC countries and elsewhere , but exports from those sources .
Consumption in the oil exporting countries is set to rise almost everywhere , and this could mean a stagnation of exports even if output in those countries increased .
Something else that I would like readers of this contribution to ponder , is that a larger production from that unfortunate country than the one realized today , whether it was or was not related to almost any conceivable output quota for oil that OPEC would have assigned Iraq , might have sufficed to avoid the disastrous macroeconomic events of the past ( and coming ) two years .
The author is a professor at Uppsala University , Sweden
NBC 's Delayed Telecasts Show A Company Living In The Last Century
from the wow dept
" Could you please ask the editor of the front Web page to not name the winners within the headlines / sub - headlines ? " asked Ken Waters of Phoenix .
Matt Gooch of Harrisonburg , Va. said he was disappointed when The Times reported the results of the men's downhill before NBC showed the event .
" This is not Taliban news , nor TARP news , or even Paula Jones type news , " Gooch said .
" There is no meaning to this except the anticipation and suspense that sports viewers feel watching the event live .
Please help me understand why your organization needs to spoil the experience . "
Other news organizations are hearing similar complaints .
Liz Spayd , managing editor of The Washington Post , told a reader who asked for a spoiler alert yesterday that , " It 's an issue we 're trying to evaluate right now . "
She said that it 's a tricky question " for a news site whose greatest value is to break news .
We do n't want to be the game spoilers , but when big news happens -- an unexpected gold for the U.S. , for example , we want it prominently visible on the site . "
" In the age of DVRs , Hulu , and mobile phone scoreboards , the pointlessness of NBC 's broadcast strategy -- Olympics and otherwise -- has never been more obvious .
People do n't eat dinner during Nightly News then settle in for three hours of prime - time network programming anymore .
They want things when they want them , not when NBC wants them . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
This is just bizarre .
As NBC continues its screwed up process of broadcasting the Olympics by delaying the actual telecast of important events until prime time , apparently a bunch of folks are pissed off that real news sources are reporting on what 's actually happened .
They 're targeting the wrong thing , of course .
If they 're upset that the news is being reported before it 's being shown on TV , the real problem is NBC 's decision not to show stuff live on TV or to webcast it for those who would prefer to see it live .
But people are taking out their anger on newspapers who are giving live reports of what 's actually happening : Thankfully , the NY Times " has no intention of changing its approach , " recognizing that it 's a news organization , rather than a business to prop up NBC 's ridiculous broadcast scheduling choices .
This does highlight a larger issue that I 've been noticing lately .
In our more " real - time " society , especially with things like Facebook and Twitter , the idea that you can hide from " spoilers " is increasingly arcane .
Now , for most broadcasters ( other than NBC , apparently ) this should represent good news : as it will drive more people to watch content live , rather than trying to save it for later , since they 'll want to avoid spoilers ahead of time .
In this case , though , NBC has apparently decided that it knows better than to enable such things .
Of course , plenty of peoplesmart enough to realize just how badly NBC is managing this , falsely believing that people will just sit and wait until NBC decides to show what it wants , rather than letting people actuallywhat 's happening .
News reports are popping up highlighting how many people are pissed off at NBC for the ridiculous decision to hide live events in a real - time world .
With the end result being that NBC 's brand is being dragged through the mud for not understanding how to broadcast a sporting event in a real - time world : NBC 's bizarre reasoning for this is that it wants to put all the " highlight " moments during prime time when it can sell the most advertising .
But , apparently no one there thought that perhaps they could show the actual eventsand then use prime time for a nice summary of what happened that day at the Olympics .
In that way , they might actually getviewers .
If you ever wanted the epitome of a company still living in the last century , it appears to be NBC Universal .
Filed Under : coverage , delays , olympics , real - time
Companies : nbc universal
" A majority of Canadians had no idea what was going on and in fact lacked a basic understanding of our parliamentary system .
This is a crisis .
Wake up and get informed ; because quite frankly our members of parliament can't be trusted with it anymore . "
Rick Mercer , January 14 , 2009
Rick Mercer , comedian and TV personality , thus urged Canadians to get informed in order to be better citizens .
However , if the current trend continues , the variety that is required in our sources of information will be more difficult to come by .
Neither Canadians nor our political leaders will therefore be equipped to ensure that our children will live in a responsible , respectful of the rule of law , and internationally respected Canada .
Our country is being used as a fly - trap by a propaganda network that churns out and cross - feeds reports and articles for use by those who lobby hard for Israel .
Their reach is wide and deep within our political body , be they religious groups such as Charles McVety and his CanadaChristianCollege extremists , or secular groups and individuals such as " .. . who rejoiced at the change of policy , not minding that it was done on the basis of a narrow partisan view , without any other opinion even being heard .
NGO Monitor 's assault on human rights organizations for what it considers interference into Israel 's domestic affairs does n't stop it from meddling in the politics of Canada and other countries .
Beyond the talking points issued by the National Information Directorate , the Israel Project , Canadian Centre for Israel Activism , and advocacy projects by Hasbara Fellowships ( a joint Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Aish International program ) such as Campus Advocacy , Israel on Campus Coalition ( North America ) , direct influence is brought to bear on groups of federal and provincial leaders , parliamentarians and / or their staff , legislators , chiefs of police ( more than 30 in 2005 ) , presidents of universities and educators , mayors and other officials who are taken every year to Israel , with most or all expenses paid .
The intent , as one organizer put it , is " to focus on elevating our Israel - Canada connection to a higher , deeper level , so they have a more emotional level of understanding of our shared values " .
The means ?
Highly partisan and sophisticated use of McCarthyite techniques , such as cherry - picking facts and guilt by association .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The first anniversary of the Obama stimulus package generated a lot of discussion about whether and how much the package ( originally estimated at $ 787 billion but now priced at $ 862 billion ) moderated the recession .
These are complex questions , and their answers require more than merely counting the quantity of goods and services that the government purchased or the number of people that the government hired .
We need to ask whether the government 's spending reduced or enhanced private spending and whether public - sector hiring ...
First American CoreLogic released the Q4 negative equity report today .
First American CoreLogic reported today that more than 11.3 million , or 24 percent , of all residential properties with mortgages , were in negative equity at the end of the fourth quarter of 2009 , up from 10.7 million and 23 percent at the end of the third quarter of 2009 .
An additional 2.3 million mortgages were approaching negative equity at the end of last year , meaning they had less than five percent equity .
Together , negative equity and near‐negative equity mortgages accounted for nearly 29 percent of all residential properties with a mortgage nationwide .
Negative equity continues to be concentrated in five states : Nevada , which had the highest percentage negative equity with 70 percent of all of its mortgaged properties underwater , followed by Arizona ( 51 percent ) , Florida ( 48 percent ) , Michigan ( 39 percent ) and California ( 35 percent ) .
Among the top five states , the average negative equity share was 42 percent , compared to 15 percent for the remaining 45 states .
In numerical terms , California ( 2.4 million ) and Florida ( 2.2 million ) had the largest number of negative equity mortgages accounting for 4.6 million , or 41 percent , of all negative equity loans .
Click on image for larger graph in new window .
The rise in negative equity is closely tied to increases in pre‐foreclosure activity and is a major factor in changing homeowners ’ default behavior .
Once negative equity exceeds 25 percent , or the mortgage balance is $ 70,000 higher than the current property values , owners begin to default with the same propensity as investors .
The aggregate dollar value of negative equity was $ 801 billion , up $ 55 billion from $ 746 billion in Q3 2009 .
The average negative equity for an underwater borrower in Q4 was ‐ $ 70,700 , up from ‐ $ 69,700 in Q3 2009 .
The segment of borrowers that are 25 percent or more in negative equity account for over $ 660 billion in aggregate negative equity .
From the report :
This graph shows the negative equity and near negative equity by state .
Although the five states mentioned above have the largest percentgage of homeowners underwater , 10 percent or more of homeowners have negative equity in 33 states , and over 20 % have negative equity or near negative equity in 23 states .
This is a widespread problem .
Note : Louisiana , Maine , Mississippi , South Dakota , Vermont , West Virginia and Wyoming are NA in the graph above .
The second graph shows homeowners with severe negative equity for five states .
These homeowners are far more likely to default .
Here is figure 4 from the report .
The default rate increases sharply for homeowners with more than 20 % negative equity .
This graph fits with figure 2 above and suggests a large number of future defaults in Nevada , Arizona , Florida and California .
Most homeowners with negative equity will probably not default , but this does suggest there are many more foreclosures coming - and more losses .
a needle 's sympathy / the kindness of a gun / the monster in your head / the truth from which you run
Nine American Baptists who were trying to take dozens of Haitian orphans out of the country will appear in court in Port - au - Prince today after being arrested at the border with the Dominican Republic .
The Baptist church group , the majority of whose members are from Idaho , was said by police not to have had the proper documents to be able to take the 33 children from Haiti .
The Americans were arrested on Friday night on a bus carrying children aged from two months to 14 years old .
A spokeswoman for the group said they intended to set up an orphanage in the Dominican Republic where the children could enjoy a better life .
Their ' Haitian Orphan Rescue Mission ' was described as an effort to save abandoned , traumatised children .
" In this chaos the government is in right now we were just trying to do the right thing , " said Laura Silsby , the group 's spokeswoman .
However , Haiti has suspended international adoptions amid fears that parentless or lost children are more vulnerable than ever to child trafficking .
The Americans were last night being held at the judicial police headquarters in the Haitian capital .
Their plan had been to find 100 children and take them to a 45 - room hotel that they were converting into an orphanage .
Ms Silsby said the group only had the best of intentions and had paid no money for the children .
Threat
Haiti's earthquake victims faced a new threat yesterday as doctors warned that the seriously injured could die after medical flights to America were halted by a dispute over hospital bills and capacity .
US military flights carrying patients to Florida -- only two hours by air from Port - au - Prince -- and other states have been suspended , leaving hundreds in need of urgent surgery .
Barth Green , a senior surgeon from Miami who is working at Port - au - Prince 's airport , said at least 100 of his most critically injured patients , many of whom were children , could die within days unless they were flown out .
He said there were " hundreds of thousands of critically injured and severely disabled Haitians " and " we 're only trying to send a few hundred to America " .
" We have to resume these flights .
Letting them die , that 's not America , " he said .
However , US military officials said they had been forced to suspend flights because American hospitals were increasingly unwilling to accept the patients , many of whom are suffering from head and spinal injuries or severe burns .
The suspension is blamed on a dispute between the US federal government and Florida 's state government over who should pay for the medical care .
The United Nations began a major distribution of aid in the Haitian capital yesterday and hopes to feed two million people .
( © Daily Telegraph , London )
Irish Independent
PORT -AU - PRINCE ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Saturday declared one of the largest relief efforts in U.S. history to help Haiti ’s earthquake victims as survivors begged for aid still only trickling through to them and looters fought in the streets .
Four days after a massive quake killed up to 200,000 people and wrecked most of the capital Port - au - Prince , hundreds of thousands of Haitians were still desperately waiting for assistance as scavengers and looters preyed on shattered buildings in the widespread absence of authority and order .
Even as aid poured into Port - au - Prince airport on Saturday , thousands of Haitians streamed out on foot with suitcases on their heads or jammed in cars to find food , water and shelter in the countryside and flee aftershocks as well as violence .
Logistical logjams still kept major relief from reaching most victims , many of them sheltering in makeshift camps on streets strewn with debris and decomposing bodies .
On the city ’s shattered main commercial boulevard near the port , hundreds of scavengers and looters swarmed over the wrecks of shops , carrying off anything they could find and occasionally fighting among themselves for a prized item .
They carried stones , knives , ice - picks and hammers , as much to defend themselves as to break into wrecked premises and slash open boxes to grab T - shirts , bags , toys and other items .
Obama promised help as U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton flew to Haiti where the shell - shocked government gave the United States control over its main airport to guide aid flights from around the world .
With the government saying up to 200,000 people may have been killed , the quake could be one of the ten deadliest in history .
“ We ’re moving forward with one of the largest relief efforts in our history to save lives and deliver relief that averts an even larger catastrophe , ” Obama said on Saturday , flanked by his predecessors George W. Bush and Bill Clinton who will lead a charity drive to help Haiti .
But on the streets of the city , where scarce police patrols fired occasional shots and tear gas to try to disperse looters , the distribution of aid appeared random , chaotic and minimal .
Downtown , young men could be seen carrying pistols .
As international rescue crews combed rubble for survivors across the capital , there were jostling scrums for food and water as U.S. helicopters swooped down to throw out boxes of water bottles and rations .
A reporter also saw foreign aid workers tossing packets of food to desperate Haitians .
DISORGANIZED DISTRIBUTION
“ The distribution is totally disorganized .
They are not identifying the people who need the water .
The sick and the old have no chance , ” said Estime Pierre Deny , standing at the back of a crowd looking for water with his empty plastic container .
Watching the looters downtown , student Ricardo Fume said : “ People have nothing to eat , so they steal these things to sell .
The United States had the World Trade Center ( the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks ) , we had this , it is worse , ” Fume said .
Haiti is the Western Hemisphere ’s poorest country and has for decades struggled with devastating storms , floods and political unrest .
Around 9,000 U.N. peacekeepers have provided security here since a 2004 uprising ousted one president .
On her visit , Hillary Clinton , who brought senior U.S. aid officials with her , embraced Haitian President Rene Preval outside an air - conditioned tent at the Port - au - Prince airport , where she was briefed by Lt. General Ken Keen of the U.S. Southern Command and U.S. Ambassador to Haiti Kenneth Merten .
Her plane brought in supplies and was to return with evacuated Americans .
Even four days after the 7.0 magnitude quake , aftershocks were felt every few hours in the capital , terrifying survivors and sending rubble and dust tumbling from buildings .
Trucks piled with corpses have been ferrying bodies to hurriedly excavated mass graves outside the city , but thousands of bodies still are believed buried under rubble .
U.S. rescuers worked through the night to dig out survivors from one collapsed supermarket where as many as 100 people could have been trapped inside .
They were about to give up , when they were told a supermarket cashier had managed to call someone in Miami to say she was still alive inside .
“ We have already collected around 50,000 dead bodies , ” Interior Minister Paul Antoine Bien - Aime told Reuters .
“ We anticipate there will be between 100,000 and 200,000 dead in total , although we will never know the exact number . ”
Slideshow ( 47 images )
Most dead already collected were buried in mass graves .
LOOTING , FIGHTING FOR FOOD
On the teeming rubble - strewn streets of downtown Port - au - Prince , police were trying to round up looters in the biggest security operation since the earthquake struck .
A Reuters photographer saw police shooting in the air , grabbing and throwing people to the ground , and occasionally kicking detainees in parts of the city .
But once the police left , looting and scavenging started again .
Some survivors desperate to receive aid painted sheets with the words in English , “ We need assistance for the victims , we need food and water . ”
Elsewhere , a white - painted wooden sign propped in front of a destroyed building read : “ Welcome the U.S. Marines , we need some help , dead bodies inside ” .
Slideshow ( 47 images )
Looting had been sporadic since Tuesday ’s earthquake , which flattened large parts of the capital .
But it appeared to be widening on Saturday as people became more desperate .
The U.N. mission responsible for security in Haiti lost at least 36 of its 9,000 members when its headquarters collapsed .
Two top officials are missing .
Dozens of bloated bodies were still dumped in the yard outside the main hospital on Saturday , decomposing in the sun .
The hospital gardens were a mass of beds with injured people , with drips hanging from trees and tubes .
The weakened Haitian government was in little position to handle the crisis .
The quake destroyed the presidential palace and knocked out communications and power .
Preval and Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive are living and working in the judicial police headquarters .
AIRPORT BOTTLENECK
Obama said the United States , Brazil , Mexico , Canada , France , Colombia , Russia , Japan , Britain and other countries managed to fly in rescue and logistics personnel and supplies .
Planes and ships arrived with rescue teams , search dogs , tents , water purification units , food , doctors and telecom teams , but faced a bottleneck at the small airport .
“ It ’s like getting a billiard ball through a straw , ” U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden said at a south Florida airbase .
Air traffic control , hampered by damage to the airport ’s tower , will be handled by the U.S. military with backup from a nuclear - powered aircraft carrier .
The USS Carl Vinson with 19 helicopters arrived off Haiti on Friday , opening a second significant channel to deliver help .
Navy helicopters had begun taking water ashore and ferrying injured people to a field hospital near the airport .
The U.S. military aimed to have 9,000 to 10,000 troops on the ground in Haiti and in ships offshore by Monday .
The Pan American Health Organization said at least eight hospitals and health centers in Port - au - Prince had collapsed or sustained damage and were unable to function .
Tuesday 's announcement that Verizon Wireless will allow its subscribers to make Skype calls on nine of its smartphones is a telling sign where the mobile industry is heading .
If you connect the dots , the traditional wireless voice plan appears to be an endangered species .
Its demise may not arrive overnight , or even in a couple of years , but its days are numbered .
At first glance , it might appear that Skype , an inexpensive VoIP phone service that operates over data networks , would eliminate the need for a Verizon voice plan .
It wo n't work that way , however , as Skype calls will be routed over Verizon 's voice network .
And even if Skype did n't use the carrier 's voice network , Verizon might very well still require its smartphone customers to buy a voice plan .
After all , wireless providers still get a sizable chunk of their revenue from voice services .
That may change soon , however .
LTE : The Game - Changer
The implementation LTE ( Long Term Evolution ) , or 4G , mobile networks , in addition to ongoing standardization efforts to deliver voice over LTE , may change the traditional voice - and - data plan choice for smartphone users .
But do n't expect a change overnight .
" We 'll eventually get there , but I do n't believe we 'll see the demise of the traditional voice plans that we 've had for a long time , " says Francis Sideco , a wireless communications analyst for iSuppli .
For handsets , data - only plans are a few years off , says Sideco .
The dismantling of mobile voice networks would n't necessarily mean the end of today 's per-minute ( or unlimited ) voice plans .
Technically speaking , there 's no reason why a wireless carrier could n't charge on a per-minute basis on an LTE network .
" Skype now charges you on a per- minute basis , and they 're fully voice over IP , " Sideco points out .
The iPad's Impact
The arrival of mobile devices that are n't smartphones , including the iPad and similar tablets , will make data - only wireless plans more common .
" Once Verizon 's first LTE sites are up , there 's no reason why a device such as an iPad or some other tablet could n't implement voice with Skype on there , " says Sideco .
In that scenario , wireless subscribers with data - only plans could potentially make audio or video calls via Skype , for instance .
Depending on how things play out , your wireless plan in a few years may look very different than it does today .
Whether it's any cheaper remains to be seen .
Contact Jeff Bertolucci via Twitter ( @jbertolucci ) or at jbertolucci.blogspot.com .
Spend more time doing and less time analyzing
Discover what needs to be done next for your website .
Dozens of actionable marketing tips and tricks will help you better reach your customers online .
TCA Tour : Comedy Showrunners Q&A – “ The Big Bang Theory ” / “ Two and a Half Men ”
During the TCA tours , there ’s an understandable tendency for the networks to pimp their newest programming , but once in awhile , they do manage to offer us a panel that shines the spotlight on an established show .
In this case , it was actually two shows : “ The Big Bang Theory ” and “ Two and a Half Men . ”
On the panel were Chuck Lorre ( co-creator of both series , executive producer on both shows ) , Bill Prady ( co-creator of and executive producer on “ The Big Bang Theory ” ) , and Lee Aronsohn ( co-creator of “ Two and a Half Men , ” executive producer on both shows ) .
I ’m not going to tell you that I would n’t rather have had actual cast members on the panel , but given the comedic credits of this trio , it was unsurprising to find that we got quite a few laughs during the course of the conversation .
First , though , let ’s go ahead and acknowledge the elephant in the room right away , shall we ?
You know that someone had to ask about Charlie Sheen , and while they did , one must applaud the restraint of the collected TV critics that the question did n’t come up until several minutes into the panel .
Predictably , the guys went for the joke before offering up a proper answer .
“ I ’m sorry , what happened with Charlie ? ” asked Lorre , innocently .
“ I do n’t know , ” said Aronsohn , poker - faced .
“ Something happened ? ”
Lorre then slipped into serious mode .
“ We put on a show last night , and it went extremely well , ” he said .
“ We had a great week , and the audience was wonderful last night , so we ’re just going about our business .
Charlie is a consummate pro .
He shows up and he delivers , and last night was one of our strongest episodes .
It was just terrific . ”
Okay , let ’s get into the meat of the panel a bit more , which was – thankfully – far more about the shows themselves rather than the sordid personal lives of one of their stars .
When asked about the difficulty of coming up with the highbrow scientific - themed jokes on “ The Big Bang Theory , ” Prady said that , from the very beginning of the series , they always wanted to make sure that it would be real and accurate when the characters talked about their work .
“ Sometimes we ’ll have an idea , we ’ll have a general sense of the science , ” he explained , “ and then we have a consultant , who is an astrophysicist at UCLA , David Saltzberg , who works with us .
We ’ll say , ‘ Can we have something about neutrinos here ? ’
And he ’ll help us out with it .
There ’s some stuff we sort of try to stay current with , but we just want it to sound real and accurate . ”
“ The nerd references , ” he added , “ we handle in the writers ’ room ourselves . ”
“ Obviously , the science has to be almost irrelevant , ” said Lorre .
“ You have to understand the intent that the characters are trying to get across whether or not you ’re an astrophysicist or not .
We try to make the material work without having to understand the science .
The most fun is when we sit in the room and we try and write the physics stuff ourselves .
Bill will say , ‘ Chuck , we can sit here forever .
You ’re not going to become a physicist . ' ”
Although they might be writing jokes about scientists , Lorre is the first to acknowledge that what they do is not scientific , particularly when it comes to figuring out what ’s funny and what is n’t .
“ We ’re guessing , ” he admits .
“ So when the live studio audience sits quietly and observes the joke and nods amongst each other and go , ‘ Hmm , that ’s clever , ’ we ’ve failed , and we rewrite it on the spot .
We ’ll rewrite the scenes right in front ( of the audience ) , we ’ll shoot the scene again and try and make it work . ”
When pressed to cite an example of a joke falling flat , no one could quote any specific lines , but they all agreed on a particular horrendous moment which came courtesy Kunal Nayyar , who plays Rajesh Koothrappali on the show .
“ Oh , it was terrible , ” said Lorre .
“ It was last season .
It was a disaster .
You could hear your career going by .
It was awful .
It was so quiet .
The audience took back laughs from earlier in the evening .
You know , it ’s a free ticket to come see the show , and they were upset . ”
“ I ca n’t remember , but there was one ( line ) we were so excited about that we were , ‘ Oh , this is going to be it , this is going to do it , ' ” said Prady .
“ The line that was in the script did n’t work , so we ran something instead .
We said , ‘ Oh , my God , this is great . ’
And he said the line … and there was such silence that Kunal stopped because he thought maybe there was a technical problem .
He did .
He said … ”
“ ’ Is my mike on ? ’ ” recited Lorre , laughing .
“ I think we took in five more lines ’til we found one that worked , ” said Prady .
“ You have to understand , it ’s a self - defense mechanism , ” explained Lorre .
“ We forget our failures as quickly as we possibly can .
It ’s how you move forward . ”
But there are failures and then there are successes , and there ’s no question that the series ’ first Christmas episode belongs in the latter category .
When Lorre was asked to consider when he first realized that the final segment of the episode was destined for holiday - classic status , he said that it really did n’t happen until it they were filming it .
“ I think everybody on the set got very moved by that last scene , ” he said .
“ We did n’t realize it until it happened , but it was powerful just to watch it happen . ”
“ We were massaging it during the week in terms of exactly how the hug ( between Sheldon and Penny ) was going to take place and how long the hug was going to be , ” said Aronsohn .
“ When we saw it , it was incredible . ”
“ In the genesis of it , ” said Prady , “ Chuck ’s point of view was that for all Sheldon ’s trying to come up with the perfect present , that ( with ) Penny ’s natural humanity , I guess , or something , she should come up with a present that truly moves him . ”
“ Yeah , and there ’s nothing he could physically give her , there ’s no physical object he could give her that would balance the scales , which is why he was moved to demonstrate an affection , which was not in his character ’s nature , ” said Lorre .
“ I think we all knew that something special had happened , and it was predicated on the fact that we had established a character with Jim Parsons and this character that was so alienated , so difficult for him to reach across the chasm and touch another human being , that it became a moment that had some resonance .
It was really something to see .
Every once in a while that happens , and it ’s pretty exciting .
It ’s just , ‘ Oh , look , we did something right . ’”
The Sheldon / Penny team has become a popular pairing amongst fans , but it ’s fair to say that the writing staff is just as excited about them , even if they ca n’t always remember when they first discovered the chemistry between the characters .
Aronsohn : I think the first time we put them together was when Penny had to drive him to work .
Lorre : No , he got sick .
Aronsohn : Was that the first time ?
Lorre : Sheldon got sick …
Prady :
Or was it buying a …
Aronsohn :
It was going shopping .
Prady : Going shopping !
Aronsohn :
It was the supermarket .
Prady : Supermarket .
Aronsohn : I remember that , yeah .
And when we did that scene , all of a sudden , we knew we had a new comedy team .
“ They ’ve become a natural comic pairing on the show because she can tell him the truth and she ’s not intimidated by him , ” said Lorre .
“ She ’s very strong .
Kaley ’s helped create this very formidable presence , and they bounce off each other beautifully . ”
What ’s impressive about “ The Big Bang Theory ” is that the series has allowed its characters to grow without changing them fundamentally , with Leonard and Penny hooking up , Howard getting a girlfriend , and so forth .
“ The magic trick of doing a TV series is growing the series and growing the characters without fundamentally changing them , ” said Lorre .
“ I mean , obviously Archie Bunker has to stay Archie Bunker as the series goes along , but there has to be some incremental growth ; otherwise , it gets redundant pretty quickly .
We have an amazing ensemble on ‘ The Big Bang Theory , ’ and we get to do …whatever , 23 , 24 shows a year .
It is an opportunity to learn more about them and get more depth to them .
I think that ’s something we try to do in learning about where Sheldon and Leonard come from by meeting their mothers – you know , they come from very , very different backgrounds – and that ’s our attempt at also getting deeper into the characters . ”
You should not , however , expect to see Sheldon settling down with a nice girl anytime soon .
“ Part of his character , which I think is wonderful and unique , is he has chosen not to play in the relationship game , either heterosexual , homosexual , bisexual … any sexuality , ” said Lorre .
“ He has said , ‘ This is not for me .
I ’m a scientist .
All I ’m interested in is science and what George Lucas does . ’
I think it ’s terrific that we ’ve stumbled into creating a character who has chosen a lifestyle for himself that ’s unique , and I do n’t see any reason to modify it . ”
“ For me , one of the keys to Sheldon is it ’s like the old saying about the dog walking on his hind feet : it ’s not how good he does it , it ’s that he does it at all , ” said Aronsohn .
“ That Sheldon engages other humans is the salient point for me .
He tries .
I mean , he means well .
He just does n’t have the tools for it .
And I think what ’s endearing is that he really is a stranger in a strange land , and he knows his limitations many times and tries to deal with them .
The fact that he deals with them very badly is where the comedy comes from . ”
It occurs to me that , with the exception of the Charlie Sheen bit that kicked off this piece , I have n’t offered up much in the way of “ Two and a Half Men ” information .
Looking back over the transcript of the panel , I ’ve now realized that the biggest reason for this is that there were almost no questions asked about “ Two and a Half Men . ”
( This is n’t too surprising , really , as no one has ever accused the show of being a critics ’ favorite . )
Someone did , however , take the time to ask about how the show ’s occasionally risque humor has been handled with the ever- aging Angus T. Jones , so it feels as though the least I can do is offer up Lorre ’s response to the question .
“ One thing we ’ve done since the very beginning is we stay in touch with Angus , ” he said .
“ We talk to Angus , we have lunch with him , and we try to get a sense of where he ’s at as a young man as he ’s growing up .
If you watch the first few seasons of the show , he ’s rarely in the room when subject matter got adult , or we wrote it so that it flew so far over his head that it was a legitimate piece of comedy in front of a young boy .
As he ’s gotten older , he ’s more privy to the material …and , again , we ’re trying to stay sensitive to the actor , not the character … so he ’s never in a scene where he ’s uncomfortable and he ’s dealing with the material that puts him off or his parents .
We have a responsibility to him as a young man on our show that he ’s never in a situation where he ’s uneasy , and I think we ’ve been pretty good about that .
He is a blast , he ’s an amazing young man , and since he was nine to now when he ’s 16 , he ’s still the best person we know , frankly .
I mean , he ’s just incredible . ”
In closing , I ca n’t resist offering up the panel ’s reaction to the question about why , despite the success of shows like “ The Big Bang Theory ” and “ Two and a Half Men , ” there ’s still a perception that the multi- camera sitcom is dead .
“ That ’s something you should discuss amongst yourselves , ” said Lorre , “ because clearly that stigma does n’t seem to apply to the audience . ”
“ It ’s not something people are sitting in coffee shops discussing amongst themselves , ” confirmed Aronsohn .
“ ‘ Let ’s watch that show with more than one camera tonight ! ' ”
Lorre cracked .
Sobering , he added , “ There ’s a theatrical quality to the four - camera show , which I really like , and if you come to see them shoot and you see the immediacy of shooting in front of a live audience and hear real people respond , it ’s different .
It ’s theater .
It ’s not a movie .
It ’s an entirely different experience , and it ’s exciting and it ’s terrifying at the same time . ”
is modern and secure
instant messaging is modern and secureinstant messaging
For nearly 20 years , Trillian has been a driving force behind messaging innovation .
Today 's Trillian is both a free instant messenger and a powerful business and HIPAA - compliant messaging platform .
How can we help you ?
PUBLIC GAIN , PRIVATE PAIN PUBLIC GAIN , PRIVATE PAIN
The number of federal workers earning six - figure salaries has exploded during the recession , according to a USA TODAY analysis of federal salary data .
Federal employees making salaries of $ 100,000 or more jumped from 14 % to 19 % of civil servants during the recession 's first 18 months — and that 's before overtime pay and bonuses are counted .
Federal workers are enjoying an extraordinary boom time — in pay and hiring — during a recession that has cost 7.3 million jobs in the private sector .
PRIVATE INDUSTRY : Some companies restore raises , benefits JOBS FORECAST : Track job growth across USA PROS AND CONS : President Obama crafts strategies to create jobs
The highest - paid federal employees are doing best of all on salary increases .
Defense Department civilian employees earning $ 150,000 or more increased from 1,868 in December 2007 to 10,100 in June 2009 , the most recent figure available .
When the recession started , the Transportation Department had only one person earning a salary of $ 170,000 or more .
Eighteen months later , 1,690 employees had salaries above $ 170,000 .
The trend to six - figure salaries is occurring throughout the federal government , in agencies big and small , high - tech and low - tech .
The primary cause : substantial pay raises and new salary rules .
" There 's no way to justify this to the American people .
It 's ridiculous , " says Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R - Utah , a first - term lawmaker who is on the House 's federal workforce subcommittee .
Jessica Klement , government affairs director for the Federal Managers Association , says the federal workforce is highly paid because the government employs skilled people such as scientists , physicians and lawyers .
She says federal employees make 26 % less than private workers for comparable jobs .
USA TODAY analyzed the Office of Personnel Management 's database that tracks salaries of more than 2 million federal workers .
Excluded from OPM 's data : the White House , Congress , the Postal Service , intelligence agencies and uniformed military personnel .
The growth in six - figure salaries has pushed the average federal worker 's pay to $ 71,206 , compared with $ 40,331 in the private sector .
Key reasons for the boom in six - figure salaries : • Pay hikes .
Then - president Bush recommended — and Congress approved — across - the - board raises of 3 % in January 2008 and 3.9 % in January 2009 .
President Obama has recommended 2 % pay raises in January 2010 , the smallest since 1975 .
Most federal workers also get longevity pay hikes — called steps — that average 1.5 % per year .
• New pay system .
Congress created a new National Security Pay Scale for the Defense Department to reward merit , in addition to the across - the - board increases .
The merit raises , which started in January 2008 , were larger than expected and rewarded high - ranking employees .
In October , Congress voted to end the new pay scale by 2012 .
• Paycaps eased .
Many top civil servants are prohibited from making more than an agency 's leader .
But if Congress lifts the boss ' salary , others get raises , too .
When the Federal Aviation Administration chief 's salary rose , nearly 1,700 employees ' had their salaries lifted above $ 170,000 , too .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Creatine is a myostatin blocker
The chemical sports world waits with baited breath for the arrival of myostatin blockers : new muscle strengthening substances that sabotage the protein myostatin in muscle tissue , and thereby boost muscle build up .
According to a human study in Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology , a supplement that works in exactly this way has been available for years .
If we 're to believe this study , good old creatine is a myostatin blocker .
The authors of the study are sports scientists at Arak University in Iran .
They wanted to know exactly how creatine [ chemical structure is shown here ] works .
Some scientists regard creatine as little more than a battery that provides muscle cells with energy and fluid .
That 's why you gain a couple of kilos of muscle tissue if you take a course of creatine , these scientists claim .
Your strength increases in the gym as well , but the effect is temporary .
If you stop taking the creatine then the positive effects disappear .
But there 's a small group of researchers who say that creatine does much more .
They say creatine also stimulates the manufacture of muscle tissues .
The researchers did a trial with 27 male students .
Of these , 8 did nothing – the control group .
The other 19 students trained for 8 weeks using weights .
The students went to the gym three times a week , where they did 6 basic exercises that covered all the major muscle groups : bench - press , lat - pulldown , biceps curl , leg press , knee extension and leg curl .
The students trained at 60 - 70 percent of their 1RM , and did three sets of each exercise .
The students rested for no longer than 2 minutes between sets .
Half of the students who trained took creatine .
In the first week they took a daily 0.3 g creatine per kilo bodyweight , and in the remaining weeks they took a daily 0.05 g creatine per kilogram bodyweight .
It does n't take a genius to work out that the test subjects who trained became more muscular and stronger , and that the creatine supplement enhanced the effect .
The researchers measured the concentration of myostatin in the subjects ' blood .
Weight training reduced the concentration .
And training while using creatine reduced the concentration even further .
The researchers measured the concentration of the protein growth and differentiation factor - associated serum protein - 1 [ GASP - 1 ] .
This protein neutralises myostatin .
There 's a patent in which researchers describe how synthetic versions of can cause muscle growth by manipulating GASP - 1 . [ United States Patent 7,192,717 ]
Whatever , the production of GASP - 1 increased as a result of strength training and it increased even more in the subjects who combined strength training and creatine supplementation .
The researchers conclude that creatine does n't just pump up the muscles temporarily .
So creatine is a real anabolic , responsible for increased muscle protein production .
" Decreasing myostatin and inhibiting its function by GASP - 1 may play an important role in increasing muscle strength and mass by resistance training " , they write .
" Supplementation with creatine resulted in greater increases in muscle mass and strength , and these improvements were accompanied by more decreased myostatin levels . "
Source :
Mol Cell Endocrinol .
2010 Apr 12;317(1-2):25-30 .
More :
Effect of creatine visible after just five days 31.10.2009
How creatine lengthens your lifespan 20.10.2009
Creatine users have more DHT in their blood 29.09.2009
Sex@MIT : The Survey
Earlier this month , we asked all undergraduates via e-mail to take a sex survey .
We asked you if you were having sex , when you were having sex , what kind of sex , and how good it was .
About forty percent , or 1729 people , responded .
We present the results here .
Some of the statistics will not surprise anybody .
Some surprised us all .
Virginity
There is a stereotype that MIT is a land of asexual nerds .
That ’s not quite true .
Our survey found that 42 percent of students consider themselves virgins : 37 percent of men and 48 percent of women .
The numbers are predictably higher for freshman class , which is 64 percent virgins : 60 percent of men and 69 percent of women .
The freshmen numbers square with national estimates — it ’s the upperclassmen who are having less sex than the national average for their age group .
63 percent of all students have had oral sex .
54 percent have had vaginal sex .
15 percent have had anal sex .
Compared to national numbers for college - age students from the Centers for Disease Control , MIT students are having less much sex than their peers — but significantly more than no sex .
Course 5 ( Chemistry ) has the highest rate of virgins — 48 percent ; Course 17 has the lowest rate of virgins — 10 percent , followed by Course 15 at 27.5 percent .
Among living groups , McCormick has the most virgins — 82 percent of McCormick residents say they are virgins .
Students living in fraternities or Senior House reported the lowest rates for virginity : around 20 percent .
Why are MIT students virgins ?
23 percent of men and 39 percent of women say that one reason is that it ’s their choice .
For both genders , this was the most common reason .
The second most common reason was that “ an opportunity has not presented itself . ”
Nearly everybody agreed that vaginal sex “ counted ” as sex , but only 84 percent thought anal sex counted .
51 percent thought oral sex counted .
A small fraction of people kept their V - cards by technicality :
Of people who have had anal sex , 2.5 percent still consider themselves virgins .
Sexual Health
Of those who choose to have sex , the sexual health statistics are a little disturbing .
63 percent of students who have had anal or vaginal sex have done it without protection .
The STD rate is low — 1.5 percent of students cop to having ever had a sexually transmitted disease .
Many probably do n’t know their status , however .
60 percent of non-virgins have never been tested .
Only 11 percent of non-virgins got tested in the past 2 –6 months .
We were all surprised to find out that 96 percent of people who have had oral sex say they do n’t use protection for it .
9 percent of students do n’t know where to go for condoms , and 67 percent do n’t know that MIT publishes a sexual health and satisfaction column ( it ’s called “ Sexpertise , ” at http://medweb.mit.edu/wellness/sexuality/sexpertise/index.html)
Lack of protection may be the reason that 28 percent of women who have had sex say they have at one point needed to request emergency contraception .
Alcohol and sex are linked : 60 percent of non-virgins say they have had sex while intoxicated .
Most disturbing of all , 3.6 percent of students say they have had non-consensual sex .
There is help out there .
The Boston Area Rape Crisis Center has a 24 - hour hotline at 617-492-RAPE .
MIT also offers counseling and other resources ( see page 13 ) .
Sex Stats
87 percent of students identified as heterosexual .
3.5 percent identified as homosexual ; 6 percent identified as bisexual ; and 2.2 percent were undecided .
Less than one percent identified as asexual .
Of the few who did say they were asexual , 40 percent say they have had sex .
13 percent of campus ( 10 percent of men and 16 percent of women ) say they have had a homosexual encounter .
Looking for the gayest / most questioning major ?
CMS wins : 42 percent of students who listed CMS as their primary major said they had a homosexual encounter .
The second gayest major is Course 11 at 35 percent and Course 9 at 20 percent .
The least gayest major ?
Course 3 , where only 9 percent of students say they have had a sexual encounter with someone of the same gender .
It may not come as a surprise to some that Senior House takes the cake for both floorcest and anal sex .
52 percent of Senior House non-virgins say they have had sex with someone in their living group .
36 percent of non-virgins say they have had anal sex .
The least floorcestuous dorm is the Phoenix group ( NW - 35 ) , where nobody copped to having sex with someone else in the group .
The least anal - receptive dorm is McCormick , where only 5 percent of non -virgin girls say they have had anal sex .
Most men masturbate .
30 percent of guys say they masturbate every day or almost every day .
Another 41 percent say they masturbate once or twice a week .
That means over 70 percent of undergraduate men are beating the meat at least weekly .
5 percent masturbate multiple times daily — and 7 percent claim they never masturbate .
Girls masturbate less .
30 percent cop to masturbating at least weekly .
Only 8 percent say they masturbate daily or nearly daily .
39 percent say they never masturbate .
Girls do tend to have more toys , though : 16 percent of girls say they own a sex toy , compared to 8 percent of men .
Sex Quality
It seems we are an easy bunch to please .
66 percent of men and 66 percent of women rate the quality of the sex they are having as “ high ” or “ very high . ”
About a quarter think the sex is “ okay . ” , and only 4 percent said the sex was of “ low ” or “ very low ” quality .
That people have sex because they want to is fairly obvious , but we asked you for some reasons anyway .
92 percent said they had sex for “ self - fulfillment , ” and 77 percent said “ to form a closer bond with a partner . ” 16 percent added , “ to forget problems . ”
We hear you !
The biggest factor eating into people ’s sexual satisfaction seems to be a scheduling problem .
50 percent of non-virgins cite “ lack of time ” as a reason that their sex lives were not as good as they could be .
29 percent of men complained about a lack of suitable partners — an old saw , it ’s true .
But watch out guys : 28 percent of women said the same thing right back to you .
Do n’t take these statistics as the be-all , end - all .
We did our best to clean the data and had a Course 14 major look through it , but in the end , nothing we can do can correct for the response bias .
60 percent of MIT undergrads did n’t take the survey .
All we know is a little something about the 40 percent that did .
It seems there ’s a new third rail in American politics — do n’t mess with the Tea Partiers — and Marvel Comics has inadvertently grabbed it with both hands .
And even though members of the Tea Party movement have extracted a half - hearted apology and a promised retraction from Marvel , their anger has barely abated .
In a recent issue of Captain America , the long - time superhero and his African - American partner The Falcon travel to Idaho to investigate a white supremacist militia group , the Watchdogs , who are long - time villains in the Marvel Universe .
On the way , they pass an anti-tax rally where the protesters are holding up signs bearing familiar Tea Party slogans , such as “ Stop the Socialists ! ” and “ Tea Bag the Libs Before They Tea Bag You . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This implied mockery of the Tea Partiers quickly aroused a firestorm of indignation on conservative blogs and message boards , made even worse by the implied association between the protesters and the local racist militia .
One particularly angry blogger , Warner Todd Huston , wrote , “ So , there you have it , America .
Tea Party protesters just ‘ hate the government , ’ they are racists , they are all white folks , they are angry , and they associate with secretive white supremacist groups that want to over throw the U.S. government . ”
Marvel editor - in - chief Joe Quesada has reacted with an apology of sorts , telling an interviewer , “ I can absolutely see how some people are upset about this , ” but also insisting that in the story as originally written “ there was no connection to the Tea Party movement , that ’s a screw up that happened after the fact and exactly what some people are getting upset about . ”
According to Quesada , what was originally intended as “ a generic protest group ” only acquired its Tea Party identification when a letterer added the slogans at the last minute to protest signs that the artist had left blank .
The slogans will reportedly be removed in future printings of the issue .
“ However , where I do take exception with Mr. Houston ’s article , ” Quesada continued , “ is when he states that we are calling the Tea Party racist … wait I ’m sorry , that we ’re saying that every white person is a racist along with several other horrible and inflammatory accusations .
Nothing can be further from the truth . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Quesada ’s protestations , however , may strike some as less than convincing .
Even liberal blogger and comics fan Spencer Ackerman of The Washington Independent writes at Firedoglake , “ Will you forgive me for being dubious ?
I have n’t read the issue , but I ’ve read Ed Brubaker ’s run as Captain America writer and this strikes me as entirely commensurate with the stories Brubaker tells portraying Cap as a redeeming figure for an increasingly hysterical country .
…
Marvel is a huge corporate entity , so I get that it ca n’t be so overtly political , but c’mon — one of the villains of Siege ’s accompanying Embedded book is based on Glenn Beck . ”
As described by IGN , “ If you ’ve ever wondered what Glen Beck would look like through the prism of the Marvel Universe , Siege : Embedded has you covered .
Its main antagonist , Todd Keller , is a manipulative , vitriol - spewing , war - mongering jerk who hates his kowtowing president and loves the sound of his own voice .
In other words , he ’s a lot like Beck save for the fact that he seems more evil than buffoonish . ”
The real bone of contention in this controversy , however , may be not whether Marvel consciously intended to link the Tea Parties to extreme right - wing radicals but whether such an association has any validity .
In the current issue of Newsweek , for example , conservative Jonathan Kay describes his attendance at the recent Tea Party Convention and concludes that “ the tea-party movement is dominated by conspiracist kooks . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Within a few hours in Nashville , ” Kay writes , “ I could tell that what I was hearing was n’t just random rhetorical mortar fire being launched at Obama and his political allies : the salvos followed the established script of New World Order conspiracy theories , which have suffused the dubious right - wing fringes of American politics since the days of the John Birch Society . ”
According to Fox News , however , “ The change may come too late to placate a chorus of critics who noticed the apparent jab at the Tea Party movement and who accused Marvel of making supervillains out of patriotic Americans . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Michael Johns , a board member of the Nationwide Tea Party Coalition , told Fox that “ the ‘ juvenile ’ dig will ultimately do more damage to Marvel ’s brand than to the Tea Party movement .
He also disputed the insinuation that the growing movement lacks diversity . ”
In contrast to Johns ’ assertions , however , a recent Washington Post poll “ offers a portrait of tea party supporters as overwhelmingly white , mostly conservative and generally disapproving of Obama . ”
In addition , according to the Post , “ nearly two - thirds of those polled say they know just some , very little or nothing about what the tea party movement stands for , ” even though “ about 45 percent of all Americans say they agree at least somewhat with tea partiers on issues . ”
If the real issue is a tug of war over how the Tea Parties are to be portrayed in the public media , controversies like this one over Captain America can only grow more frequent and more intense .
Having raised eyebrows as a teenager by going vegetarian and swearing off soda , Ms. Rosenfeld took a job after graduating from Brooklyn College at a nutrition center for low - income women , where her devotion to breast - feeding began .
“ To me , the breast - feeding was not just about better health for the baby , it was about these young girls realizing their baby is important , ” she said .
“ I had 14 - year - olds , and here was my opportunity not just to make these babies healthier but to make these mothers caring parents . ”
In the decades since , she has taken classes with speech therapists to better understand the mechanics of the mouth .
She picks up tips from crazed mothers and calm mothers , women with serious medical problems and women with whom she has to throw up her hands and explain , “ Sometimes babies just cry . ”
She taught a woman with one functioning arm to nurse one - handed and has , with clues that manifest themselves in breast - milk production , detected thyroid problems and retained placenta .
“ A hundred years ago , a lot of babies we have today were not born , ” she noted .
“ Forty - five - year - old women having babies , that did n’t happen then ; now it does , and sometimes if it ’s because of fertility drugs , they ’re not going to have milk .
I worked with a 1 - pound 14 - ounce baby who ’s a beautiful , delicious child right now .
A hundred years ago , that baby would have never survived . ”
Typically , new mothers have one session in the weeks after coming home from the hospital , with follow - ups by e-mail or phone .
Some call long after they get the hang of nursing , for pediatrician recommendations ( “ Does it have to be a Russian doctor ? ” Ms. Rosenfeld asked a Russian - born client the other day ) , advice on whether to vaccinate , even sleep training .
One client recently e-mailed to ask Ms. Rosenfeld ’s philosophy on night lights .
She has had celebrity clients , though sometimes Ms. Rosenfeld , who watches only one television show at a time ( “ Law & Order ” recently made way for “ Bones ” ) does not recognize them , and other times she pretends not to , because they are , as she put it , “ here as a mom . ”
Once , though , after a client left , she broke into a gleeful chant : “ I had an Oscar winner in my house !
I had an Oscar winner in my house ! ”
( No , she would not name names . )
The only trouble she had nursing her own children — now 17 , 20 and 22 — was giving it up .
“ My oldest stopped nursing on his first birthday , and I was crushed , ” Ms. Rosenfeld said .
“ And my husband said , ‘ You believe in baby - led weaning ! ’ ” The youngest hopped into their bed at age 2 and declared , “ ‘ I do n’t think I need to nurse anymore , Mom . ’
I was like , ‘ O.K. , go ahead , break my heart . ’ ”
•
Was she drinking ?
Was she starving ?
Was that a gulp or just a murmur ?
Was that an “ I ’m famished ” cry or an “ I ’m tired ” cry ?
And how do you burp a baby , anyway ?
For the past 10 years , Jesus Leonardo has been cleaning up at an OTB parlor in Midtown Manhattan , cashing in , by his own count , nearly half a million dollars ’ worth of winning tickets from wagers on thoroughbred races across the country .
During his glorious run , Mr. Leonardo , 57 , has not placed a single bet .
“ It is literally found money , ” he said on a recent night from his private winner ’s circle .
He spends more than 10 hours a day there , feeding thousands of discarded betting slips through a ticket scanner in a never - ending search for someone else ’s lost treasure .
“ This has become my job , my life , ” he said .
“ This is how I feed my family . ”
Leonardo , who favors track suits and wears his graying hair and bushy beard in long ponytails , is what ’s known in horse racing parlance as a stooper  a person who hangs around racetracks and betting parlors picking up tickets thrown away by others .
Most tickets are losers , but enough are winners to make it worth his while .
To his stable of OTB buddies , Mr. Leonardo is the Secretariat of stoopers .
“ He ’s a legend , ” said Paul Pepad , 57 , an out - of - work musician who lives in Manhattan .
“ Everyone knows that this is his turf , that all the tickets thrown out belong to him , period .
It ’s just been that way as long as I can remember . ”
A cold spell facing the United Kingdom has caused anxiety over the security of the country 's natural gas supplies .
The Conservative Party warns that a gas shortage is about to hit the UK due to a lack of storage capacity .
In response , National Grid , owner of the UK gas transmission system , states that there is " no danger of the UK running short of gas " .
I " moved up " this post from Saturday , so the continuing British natural gas shortage could continue to be discussed , without having to look too far .
- Gail
Anxiety increased when National Grid gave a gas balancing alert , asking power suppliers to use less natural gas , a message which was repeated again last Thursday .
In this post , I explain some of the issues underlying the current UK natural gas situation , including a growing long - term mismatch between the supply that the United Kingdom can itself provide , and UK customer demand .
Natural gas demand at unusual highs
The United Kingdom 's current winter is the coldest one since December 1981 , with sustained temperatures between 0 ° and - 15 ° Celsius ( 5 ° to 32 ° Fahrenheit ) .
These low temperatures pushed gas demand up to 463 million cubic meters ( MCM ) on 8 January 2010 .
This level was higher than the previous record of 449 MCM reached in 2003 , and more than 100 MCM above normal seasonal demand .
Although the weather is expected by the UK MET office to ease a bit next week to just above zero degrees Celsius ( 32° F ) , National Grid expects that the warmer temperatures will only lead to a slight drop in gas demand , to about 450 BCM .
Because the drop is expected to be so small , the temperature increase is not expected to relieve much demand pressure in the short run .
Figure 1 – Natural Gas Demand in the United Kingdom with 1 ) Purple representing actual demand from 1 October 2009 to 8 January 2010 , 2 ) Red , Green and Blue representing Warm , Normal and Cold seasonal demand expectations .
Source : National Grid .
Gas supply
Natural gas production in the UK reached it highest level , or peak , in 2000 , and has declined from 108.4 to 69.6 billion cubic meters ( 10.5 to 6.7 billion cubic feet per day ) in 2008 .
( See Figure 2 below . )
Due to the decline in natural gas production , the country has become reliant on imports for more than half of its consumption during high demand periods .
Because production is now lower , storage capacity is utilized to balance supply and demand when imports fail to provide sufficient supplies .
So far this winter , more than 50 million cubic meters have been drawn out of storage to meet demand .
The UK Conservative Party is concerned that as the cold weather continues , gas storage will be depleted , resulting in shortages .
Figure 2 – Figure showing how United Kingdom natural gas production has been falling since 2000 .
As a result , the United Kingdom has changed from an exporter ( amounts shown in green ) to an importer ( amounts shown in red ) .
Source : Mazamascience , based on BP Statistical Review 2009 data .
Figure 3 – UK Natural Gas storage withdrawals from 2 October 2009 to 6 January 2010 .
Source : National Grid .
The largest portion of gas imports come from Norway , through the Langeled and Vesterled pipelines , which have capacities of 25.5 and 12 billion cubic meters per annum respectively .
One of the problems that caused some panic last week and led to one of the gas balancing alerts was a temporary interruption of gas flows through both pipelines .
This happened when gas production at Troll , Kvitbjoern and Visund fields was halted due to technical difficulties , causing a drop in deliveries through Langeled and Vesterled from an aggregate 103 to 35 million cubic meters .
This outage was fortunately quickly corrected over a day ’s time .
Besides these temporary issues , there is a longer - term issue , because of high natural gas demand in relationship to supply , as illustrated in Figure 2 .
Because of this high demand , storage is being depleted rapidly , shown in the graphs below by National Grid .
This long - term issue does not appear to be recognized by British political leaders , and in fact , the information they are providing seems to offer the opposite message :
UK Energy Minister Lord Hunt : “ It is working flat out at the moment .
National Grid has confirmed there is plenty of gas in the system .
People in their own homes should be in no fear at all .
There is no risk to their gas supply . ”
Figure 4 – UK Natural
Gas short term storage actual stock from 1 October 2009 to 8 January 2010 in purple .
Source : National Grid .
Figure 5 - UK Medium Range Storage actual stock from 1 October 2009 to 8 January 2010 in purple .
Source : National Grid .
Figure 6 - UK Long Range Storage actual stock from 1 October 2009 to 8 January 2010 in purple .
Source : National Grid .
Current consequences
Because of the National Grid 's current inability to provide adequate natural gas through a combination of pipeline supplies and storage , nearly 100 factories had to stop using gas as a precautionary measure .
These factories have interruptible supply contracts -- that is , contracts which charge a lower price for gas , in return for agreeing to be interrupted at times of high gas demand when National Grid requires it .
By Friday the number of companies who were told to stop using gas were reduced from 95 to 27 .
Over the long term , the UK 's ability to supply its own natural gas can be expected to continue to decline , and storage can be expected to remain fairly limited .
The UK can be expected to need to import more and more gas , either through pipelines or as LNG .
Because of these issues , the situation needs to be monitored closely .
SAN FRANCISCO 
A series of online attacks on Google and dozens of other American corporations have been traced to computers at two educational institutions in China , including one with close ties to the Chinese military , say people involved in the investigation .
They also said the attacks , aimed at stealing trade secrets and computer codes and capturing e-mail of Chinese human rights activists , may have begun as early as April , months earlier than previously believed .
Google announced on Jan. 12 that it and other companies had been subjected to sophisticated attacks that probably came from China .
Computer security experts , including investigators from the National Security Agency , have been working since then to pinpoint the source of the attacks .
Until recently , the trail had led only to servers in Taiwan .
If supported by further investigation , the findings raise as many questions as they answer , including the possibility that some of the attacks came from China but not necessarily from the Chinese government , or even from Chinese sources .
Fantastic documentary on the current understanding of evolution .
We are gaining more and more knowledge about the actual mechanisms involved .
We are learning about genes that switch other genes on and off and " boss " genes that control the timing and intensity of other genes during development .
Even slight changes here can have drastic effects on the formation of the animal .
Also , an idea is put forth that a small change in the genes responsible for jaw muscle development may have led to humans developing such a large brain and distinguishing ourselves from the rest of the animal kingdom .
The first couple parts rehash Darwin himself and the lead - up to his idea of evolution by natural selection .
Nothing new here ( except to the willfully ignorant fingers - in - ears crowd ) .
Parts 4 , 5 and 6 start to pick up with new knowledge of the mechanics involved and then it gets into the implications of all this .
I'm a baseball - throwing ' slack - jawed primate that descended from a fish .
And so are you .
Shocking sculpture from the 1700s ...
These utterly extraordinary sculptures are the work of Franz Xaver Messerschmidt ( 1736 -1783 ) .
Messerschmidt was German- Austrian , and sculpted the heads in 1770 - 72 .
At this time he suffered from delusions and hallucinations , or a “ confusion in the head ” as his employer , the Viennese Academy of Fine Arts , described it .
In 1774 , Messerschmidt was expelled from the academy .
In 1781 , Messerschmidt stated that the heads had been created as a record of his facial expressions on pnching himself to alleviate the pain of an illness he suffered , known now to be Crohn ’s Disease .
He intended to sculpt the 64 “ canonical grimaces ” of the human face using his own as a template .
Messerschmidt also claimed that he was physically tortured by “ the Spirit of Proportion ” , an ancient being who guarded the knowledge of harmony and who was angered by Messerschmidt ’s disharmonius work .
Not quite what you 're expecting ...
With this season ’s Super Bowl upon us , I thought it would be a good time for a list about American Football .
I know , I know …every time a list is posted that features this sport , howls of protest ensue : “ This is too American , outside the U.S. , no one cares ” , or “ It ’s not ‘ real football ’ ( aka international futbol ) ” , or “ Unlike rugby , these wimps wear pads and helmets ” , and so on .
Whatever man , we seasoned Listversers have heard it all before , ad nauseum .
And so , in response I say : Get over it .
Tomorrow will be a new list , perhaps one that is more to your liking .
In the meantime , stop your whining , sit your candy - asses down , and check out this list and these video clips of some of the meanest , most badass NFL players ever to have strapped on the cleats .
You do n’t have to be a fan , but I ask that you just respect that these guys played the game like it was meant to be played , leaving it all on the field and then some .
And for those of you that ARE fans of the National Football League , sit back and enjoy !
And if your favorite player is n’t listed here , by all means tell us about him in the comments and maybe treat us to a bonus clip .
Please note , in the interests of full disclosure , I wish to address this here rather than in the inevitable comments : NFL Films produces and airs on the NFL Network cable channel a program called “ Top 10 ” , which ranks and showcases players , teams , games , and other notable achievements in various categories for each hour - long episode .
I hereby acknowledge that my list closely resembles an episode of theirs titled “ Most Feared Tacklers ” .
Now truthfully , I was not even aware of this program ’s existence until I had written the majority of my list and began looking for highlight film to accompany each of my entries .
Consequently , some of the clips I am featuring here are taken from that program because it turned out to be the best footage available on a given player .
I have credited those clips accordingly in the applicable entries .
As with other sports - related ranking lists , it ’s not uncommon for one to draw similar conclusions as those that have come before .
However , I can assure you that the framework of this list was based on personal knowledge supplemented with independent research to add detail , my selections and rankings for this list are my own , and that my write - ups here are original material ( with the exception of a few specific quotes ) .
10 Mike Curtis Linebacker
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8AwfReVeyU
1965 -1975 Baltimore Colts , 1976 Seattle Seahawks , 1977 - 1978 Washington Redskins
Mike “ Mad Dog ” Curtis was drafted out of Duke by the Baltimore Colts in the first round ( 14th overall ) of the 1965 NFL draft .
Initially drafted as a fullback , he was soon converted to linebacker as coaches became impressed by his aggressive play .
Aptly nicknamed , Mad Dog was a tenacious defender and an intimidating tackler .
In his role as team captain , the 6 ’ 3 ” 232 lb.
Curtis was a fierce competitor both on the field and during practice , never allowing his teammates to let up or take a play off .
During his 14 year career , Curtis was voted to four Pro Bowls , made all - pro five times , played in two Super Bowls and earned a championship ring in the Colts ’ Super Bowl V win over the Dallas Cowboys .
It was his interception in the final minute of that game that set up the Colts ’ winning field goal .
9 John Lynch Safety
1993 -2003 Tampa Bay Buccaneers , 2004 - 2007 Denver Broncos
This 6 ’ 2 ” 220 lb. hard - hitting DB out of Stanford University was selected in the third round of the 1993 draft by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , and enjoyed a stellar 15 year career .
As an integral member of the league ’s number one ranked defense in 2002 , he celebrated a victory with the Bucs against the Oakland Raiders in Super Bowl XXXVII .
Playing with reckless abandon all over the field , Lynch always seemed to make the highlight reel following each week ’s game .
Despite his aggressive style of play , Lynch was surprisingly durable , missing only but a few games during his career due to injury .
Lynch was a nine - time Pro Bowl selection and earned all - pro honors on four occasions .
8 Ray Nitschke Linebacker
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO7wm4918bY
1958 – 1972 Green Bay Packers
Ray Nitschke was the heart and soul of the great Packers defenses during Green Bay ’s dynasty years of the 1960s , playing on five championship teams , including the first two Super Bowl winners .
A real gentleman off the field , on game day he was a mean S.O.B. who seemed to truly enjoy hitting people .
QB Bart Starr once called him a “ classic example of Dr. Jeckle and Mr. Hyde ” .
A 3rd round draft pick in 1958 out of Illinois , the 6 ’ 3 ” 235 lb middle linebacker earned either first - or second - team all - league recognition seven times and made the Pro Bowl in 1964 .
He was elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1978 , his first year of eligibility .
Post - retirement , his role as Bogdanski in the 1974 Burt Reynolds film The Longest Yard was particularly humorous and memorable .
7 Deacon Jones Defensive End
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRnC8L2TfdY
1961 -1971 Los Angeles Rams , 1972 - 1973 San Diego Chargers , 1974 Washington Redskins
This once obscure 14th round draft pick of the Los Angeles Rams revolutionized the position of defensive end .
The “ Secretary of Defense ” as he was known , anchored the left side of the Rams famed Fearsome Foursome defensive line for 11 years before being traded to the San Diego Chargers in 1972 .
Exceptionally fast and agile for his size , the imposing 6 ’ 5 ” 272 lb.
Jones developed into an outstanding pass rusher , delivering punishing hits on opposing QBs .
He coined the term “ quarterback sack ” , and if sacks had been an officially recorded statistic during his career , his unofficial total of 173 ½ was tops by a huge margin at the time of his retirement in 1974 .
Today that total would put him at third on the all - time list .
Jones also invented and perfected the head - slap maneuver , a practice that was widely emulated by others during his time but has since been outlawed by the league .
Jones amassed eight Pro Bowl selections and five first - team all - pro honors during his career .
He was voted into the Hall of Fame in 1980 .
This clip is from NFL Films “ Top Ten Pass Rushers ” , where Deacon was ranked # 1 .
6 Jack Lambert Linebacker
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53Kof5Gnr_c
1974 -1984 Pittsburgh Steelers
“ Number 58 comes to play . ”
As the backbone of the legendary “ Steel Curtain ” Pittsburgh Steeler defenses of the 70’s , Jack Lambert gets the nod here over teammate “ Mean ” Joe Greene .
Another off - field gentleman , in uniform this guy was tough as nails , and his familiar maniacal toothless scowl was an intimidating sight to behold .
As NFL rules were undergoing modifications in effort to better protect vulnerable quarterbacks from injury , Lambert is remembered for making the famous and oft - quoted remark “ you should just put dresses on them ” .
A second round draft pick in 1974 , Lambert won Rookie of the Year honors that season , one in which the Steelers won the first of four championships during his tenure .
In 1976 he was named Defensive Player of the Year .
A consummate pro , Lambert spent his entire eleven - year career with the Steelers , making the Pro Bowl nine times , all - pro nine times , and was elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1990 .
He is regarded as one of the best linebackers of his generation .
5 Steve Atwater Safety
1989 -1998 Denver Broncos , 1999 N.Y .
Jets
After a stellar collegiate career at the University of Arkansas , the Denver Broncos chose Steve Atwater with the 20th pick in the first round of the 1989 draft .
The 6 ’ 3 ” 218 lb. former Razorback was an immediate upgrade to the Broncos ’ poor defense , as the first - year player led the team in tackles and finished second in Defensive Rookie of the Year voting .
Atwater quickly developed a reputation around the league as a fierce hitter , and in his second season it was his shot on Kansas City Chiefs 253 lb. running back Christian Okoye ( aka “ The Nigerian Nightmare ” ) that defined his career .
Up to that point , Okoye was running roughshod over every defense he faced , but in one of the best hits I ’ve ever seen , Atwater straight up knocked him on his ass .
Another awesome performance was during the Broncos ’ Super Bowl XXXII victory over the Green Bay Packers .
Atwater virtually owned the Packers that day , but most memorable was a play he made during the Pack ’s final drive that nearly knocked out three players including himself .
In all , Atwater played in 3 Super Bowls earning two rings , was voted to eight Pro Bowls , and was named all - pro six times .
Not a member of the Hall of Fame as of this writing , Steve Atwater certainly is worthy and would definitely have my vote .
Ranked # 9 in the NFL Films Most Feared Tacklers episode , this clip is his segment from that program .
4 Ronnie Lott Cornerback / Safety
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYVvQ6-9ZGk
1981 -1990 San Francisco 49ers , 1991 - 1992 Los Angeles Raiders , 1993 - 1994 N.Y .
Jets
By the late 1970 ’s , the San Francisco 49ers had become one of the worst teams in the league , posting back - to - back 2 - 14 seasons in ’ 78 and ’ 79 .
That all changed in 1981 , due in part to coach Bill Walsh ’s bold decision to draft AND START not one but three rookies in the Niners ’ defensive backfield .
Leading the way was first round draft pick ( 8th overall ) Ronnie Lott out of USC , who was instrumental in bringing a sorely lacking toughness to the Niner secondary .
The 6 foot 203 lb .
Lott entered the league as a corner and a few years later switched to safety , which gave him even more opportunities to make big plays .
Lott ’s game - changing hits were legendary .
If I may interject a bit of personal nostalgia – as a life - long 49er fan , my favorite Ronnie Lott memory ( among oh so many ) is number 42 laying the wood on the Cincinnati Bengals ’ previously unstoppable running - back Ickey Woods in Super Bowl XXIII .
That hit turned the game ’s momentum in favor of the 49ers and rendered Woods a non-factor for the rest of the day .
Former Dallas Cowboys coach Tom Landry once said of Lott : “ He ’s like a middle linebacker playing safety .
He ’s devastating . ”
During his illustrious career , Lott played in 10 Pro Bowls ( voted in at three different positions – cornerback , strong - safety and free - safety ) , was named all - pro nine - times ( also at those three positions ) , and won four championships with the 49ers during the 1980’s .
He was elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000 .
3 Jack Tatum Safety
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJrDYQwwbuY
1971 -1979 Oakland Raiders , 1980 Houston Oilers
Known as “ The Assassin ” , Jack Tatum is one badass mofo .
“ I like to believe that my best hits border on felonious assault . ” he once said of his play .
Selected 19th overall out of Ohio State by the Oakland Raiders in the 1971 draft , the three - time Pro Bowler ’s mayhem spanned 10 seasons and left many players in his wake .
Unfortunately his most infamous hit is one that occurred during a 1978 preseason game against the New England Patriots and left Pats wide - receiver Darryl Stingley a permanent quadriplegic .
Tatum was also the catalyst for one of the most famous plays in NFL history .
In a 1972 playoff game against the Pittsburgh Steelers , Tatum delivered what should ’ve been the game - ending hit on running - back Frenchy Fuqua as he was attempting to catch a desperation pass from Terry Bradshaw in the game ’s waning seconds .
Tatum ’s perfectly timed blow knocked the ball loose , but miraculously into the hands of Steeler teammate Franco Harris , who ran it in for the winning score .
It was henceforth to be known as the Immaculate Reception .
Tatum did earn a Super Bowl ring with the Raiders a few years later though , and his bone - jarring hit in that game on Minnesota Vikings wide - receiver Sammy
White that sent
White ’s helmet flying is considered by many to be the most brutal hit in Super Bowl history .
This clip highlights Tatum as NFL Films # 6 Most Feared Tackler .
2 Lawrence Taylor Linebacker
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxlLc-r1d1o
1981 -1993 N.Y .
Giants
Taken second overall by the New York Giants in the 1981 NFL draft , the former Tar Heel known as “ LT ” made an immediate impact on the league , earning Defensive Rookie of the Year and Defensive Player of the Year honors that season .
LT ’s looming presence at linebacker struck fear in the hearts of men on the other side of the line of scrimmage .
His attacking style changed the way the outside linebacker position was played .
Opposing teams routinely game - planned around trying to neutralize Taylor or to avoid his part of the field , which was near impossible since his speed and quickness enabled him to cover so much ground .
He came at you from everywhere .
Washington Redskins head coach Joe Gibbs specifically developed the two tight - end set in effort to stop his blitzing rampages .
Honors and awards accumulated during LT ’s 13 year playing career include a unanimous selection as 1986 league MVP , three - time Defensive Player of the Year , 10 Pro Bowl appearances , eight - time first - team all - pro honors , and two Super Bowl rings .
Enshrined into Canton in 1999 , LT is considered by many to be the greatest defensive player in the history of the game .
1 Dick Butkus Linebacker
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxR9qYSHt8U
1965 - 1973 , Chicago Bears
“ He was Moby Dick in a goldfish bowl ” .
That is my favorite description of the great Chicago Bears middle linebacker , as heard in the clip accompanying this entry .
Opposing players often had a deer - in - the - headlights look of fear when seeing the behemoth number 51 barreling down on them .
The next thing they knew , they were picking clumps of turf out of their facemask and spitting out blood .
Ernie Accorsi , GM of the NY Giants once said of Butkus : “ When he hit you , you stayed hit . ”
During his time in the league , the 6 ’ 3 ” , 245 lb.
Butkus virtually rewrote the book on linebacking .
A first round draft pick ( 3rd overall ) by the Bears in 1965 , the former Fighting Illini was an eight - time all - pro , and made the Pro Bowl in each of his first 8 years in the league .
He averaged 120 tackles per year during those eight seasons .
A master at knocking the ball loose with the ferocity of his tackles , his 25 fumble recoveries was a NFL record at the time of his retirement .
Unfortunately his career was cut short due to a knee injury , but his legacy continues with college football ’s prestigious Dick Butkus Award , which is given annually to the nation ’s most outstanding linebacker , and is a testament to his spectacular career .
Butkus was a first - ballot Hall of Famer , entering Canton in 1979 .
+ Dick Lane Cornerback
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRA2fAlxmyI
1952 -1953 Los Angeles Rams , 1954 - 1959 Chicago Cardinals , 1960 - 1965 Detroit Lions
As usual , 10 spots on a list just is n’t enough .
Dick “ Night Train ”
Lane definitely deserves a place in my Top 10 , but then who do I remove to make room ?
It was such a dilemma to me that I ’m including him as a Bonus entry so you can decide .
Lane enjoyed an outstanding 14 year NFL career , but it was one that started unassumingly as an undrafted walk - on to the Los Angeles Rams ’ 1952 training camp .
That ultimately led to a 14 interception rookie campaign ( in only 12 games ! ) , an NFL record that still stands today .
His skills were n’t limited to defending passes though .
Simply put , Train was a headhunter .
A deadly open - field tackler , Lane perfected the art of the clothesline maneuver and head tackling , techniques later banned by the league for safety reasons .
Lane enjoyed his finest seasons as a Detroit Lion .
In all , Lane was a ten - time all - pro and played in seven Pro Bowls .
He entered the Hall in 1974 .
Honorable Mention :
Chuck Bednarik – Linebacker , 1949 - 1962 Philadelphia Eagles
Hardy Brown – Linebacker , 1950 Baltimore Colts & Washington Redskins , 1951 - 1955 San Francisco 49ers , 1956 Chicago Cardinals , 1960 Denver Broncos ( AFL ) .
Willie Lanier – Linebacker , 1967 - 1977 Kansas City Chiefs ( AFL and NFL )
Bruce Smith – Defensive End , 1985 - 1999 Buffalo Bills , 2000 - 2003 Washington Redskins
Reggie White – Defensive End , 1985 - 1992 Philadelphia Eagles , 1993 - 1998 Green Bay Packers , 1999 Carolina Panthers
Ray Lewis – Linebacker , 1996 - present Baltimore Ravens
Primary sources :
http://www.pro-football-reference.com/
http://www.profootballhof.com/
http://espn.go.com/nfl/
http://www.nfl.com/
Lonely internet users are being warned about Flirtbot , a piece of malicious software that poses as a flirtatious woman looking to chat on instant messaging services .
Victims are persuaded to give out personal information that could be used for fraud or identity theft , according to security experts .
Flirtbot was first spotted in 2007 but has n't been seen much since then .
However , there are signs she may be back on the scene in time for Valentine 's Day .
She may also be sporting a new , more sophisticated look , according to Richard Clooke from PC Tools .
" These types of attacks have moved on significantly in this time , " he said .
" The intelligence has improved such that they can tailor their discussion based on the information they are getting and then change their questions or answers to reflect the responses . "
Researchers say Flirtbot - type software typically directs an instant messaging user to click through to a website which may request credit card details or force a virus on to their computer .
" There is a certain part of the population who are willing to engage in these kinds of conversations , " added Richard Clooke .
In 2007 , a Russian company called CyberLover .ru claimed it had developed software that could successfully pass itself off as a member of the opposite sex .
There 's no suggestion that CyberLover was involved in the criminal side of online virtual flirting .
However , it is thought that similar technology is being used by the latest generation of Flirtbots .
The Sapporo Snow Festival , one of Japan ’s largest winter events , attracts a growing number of visitors from Japan and abroad every year .
Every winter , about two million people come to Sapporo to see the hundreds of beautiful snow statues and ice sculptures which line Odori Park , the grounds at Satoland , and the main street in Susukino .
For seven days in February , these statues and sculptures ( both large and small ) turn Sapporo into a winter dreamland of crystal - like ice and white snow .
The Snow Festival began in 1950 , when local high school students built six snow statues in Odori Park .
in 1955 , the Self - Defense Force joined in and built the very first massive snow sculpture , for which the Snow Festival has become famous for now .
The Festival has grown from these humble beginnings to become one of the biggest and most well known of Hokkaido ’s winter events .
The Snow Festival is considered to be a festival of international - caliber .
Odori Park stretches from east to west through the center of downtown Sapporo and represents the main festival site .
here , you can see a variety of snow and ice sculptures , many of which have an international flavor .
There are other snow stages located here and featuring a varienty of entertainment .
The Sapporo Snow Festival will be held at Sapporo Tsudome .
At this site , one can enjoy the charms of winter in Hokkaido , including snow slides and mazes , the snow experience corner , and regional delicacies .
An ice sculpture show will be held in Ekimae - dori ( Station Avenue ) located between South 4 and South 7 .
Ice sculptures with real crabs , squids , and salmon are featured in this show .
During the festival , a variety of events will be taking place at the Susukino site including the Ice Sculpture Contest and a special photo opportunity to see the Ice Queen .
These People Do n’t Agree on Anything !
For three weeks in the winter of 2008 to 2009 , Israel assaulted the Gaza Strip and went after the Hamas operatives who rule the area .
But the military struggle , code - named Operation Cast Lead , would become a mere prelude for the drawn - out political and legal struggle to follow .
In September 2009 , the U.N. Human Rights Council Fact - Finding Mission , led by South African judge Richard Goldstone , released a scathing report accusing Israel of violating humanitarian law in its attack — in essence , not merely targeting the Hamas militants who threatened Israel , but practicing a form of collective punishment against all Palestinians living in Gaza .
The report found that the actions of the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) “ constitute [s ] grave breaches of the Fourth Geneva Convention in respect of willful killings and willfully causing great suffering to protected persons and as such give rise to individual criminal responsibility . ”
The report ’s findings stoked outrage in the Arab world , threatened to isolate Israeli internationally — and raised the specter of prosecution in foreign criminal courts for some of Israel ’s leading politicians .
Benjamin Netanyahu ’s government reacted with equal anger , accusing its critics of distorting the record of the Israeli armed forces and of bias against the Jewish people .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak referred to the report as “ false , distorted , and irresponsible , ” while Information Minister Yuli Edelstein described it as “ simply a type of anti-Semitism . ”
On Jan. 29 , the Israeli government fired back with a comprehensive defense of its conduct during Operation Cast Lead .
On virtually every aspect of the Gaza war — including Israeli intentions , the efficacy of Israel ’s own investigations , and specific events that occurred during the war — these two competing reports paint a picture of conflicts that are essentially unrecognizable from each other .
Here ’s a guide to the most explosive disagreements between the two documents .
FABRICE COFFRINI /AFP / Getty Images
The Use of White Phosphorous
White phosphorous is a chemical compound that ignites when exposed to air , burning fiercely .
Used as an incendiary weapon , white phosphorous sticks to clothes and skin and causes gruesome chemical burns .
However , the substance also quickly creates a smokescreen .
For this reason , it is favored by armies , including the IDF , for concealing their armored units from enemy anti-tank teams .
The Goldstone report accuses Israel of using white phosphorous munitions with a reckless disregard for the civilian population in Gaza ; Israel insists that it only used white phosphorous to shield ground units from attack .
Goldstone :
[ T ]he Mission , while accepting that white phosphorous is not at this stage proscribed under international law , finds that the Israeli armed forces were systematically reckless in determining its use in built - up areas .
Moreover , doctors who treated patients with white phosphorous wounds spoke about the severity and sometimes untreatable nature of the burns caused by the substance .
The Mission believes that serious consideration should be given to banning the use of white phosphorous in built - up areas .
On 15 January 2009 , the UNRWA field office compound in Gaza City came under shelling with high explosive and white phosphorous munitions .
The Mission notes that the attack was extremely dangerous , as the compound offered shelter to between 600 and 700 civilians and contained a huge fuel depot .
The Israeli forces continued the attack over several hours in spite of having been fully alerted to the risks they created .
Israel :
With respect to smoke projectiles , the Military Advocate General found that international law does not prohibit use of smoke projectiles containing phosphorous .
Specifically , such projectiles are not ‘ incendiary weapons . ’
The Military Advocate General further determined that during the Gaza Operation , the IDF used such smoke projectiles for military purposes only , for instance to camouflage IDF armor forces from Hamas ’s anti-tank units by creating smoke screens .
OLIVIER LABAN -MATTEI/AFP / Getty Images
Al - Bader Flour Mill
As Israeli ground forces moved into Gaza , they attempted to surround the Shati refugee camp in the northern part of the disputed territory .
Edging closer to the camp , they fought Hamas militants near the al - Bader flour mill , Gaza ’s only operational flour mill at the time .
Key details about the assault are disputed :
The Goldstone report states that the Israeli Air Force purposefully destroyed key machinery within the factory , whereas the Israeli government says that , despite its intentions to leave the flour mill unharmed , it was hit by tank shells during the fierce fighting in the surrounding area .
Goldstone
The flour mill was hit by a series of air strikes on 9 January 2009 after several false warnings had been issued on previous days .
The Mission finds that its destruction had no military justification .
The nature of the strikes , in particular the precise targeting of crucial machinery , suggests that the intention was to disable the factory in terms of its productive capacity .
[ T ]he flour mill was hit by an air strike , possibly by an F - 16 .
The missile struck the floor that housed one of the machines indispensable to the mill ’s functioning , completely destroying it .
The guard who was on duty at the time called Mr. Hamada to inform him that the building had been hit and was on fire .
He was unhurt .
In the next 60 to 90 minutes the mill was hit several times by missiles fired from an Apache helicopter .
The Mission also finds that the destruction of the mill was carried out for the purposes of denying sustenance to the civilian population , which is a violation of customary international law and may constitute a war crime .
Israel
In the course of the operation , IDF troops came under intense fire from different Hamas positions in the vicinity of the flour mill .
The IDF forces fired back towards the sources of fire and threatening locations .
As the IDF returned fire , the upper floor of the flour mill was hit by tank shells .
[ T ]he immediate area in which the flour mill was located was used by enemy armed forces as a defensive zone , due to its proximity to Hamas ’s stronghold in the Shati refugee camp .
Hamas had fortified this area with tunnels and booby - trapped houses , and deployed its forces to attack IDF troops operating there .
The Military Advocate General did not accept the allegation in the Human Rights Council Fact - Finding Report that the purpose of the strike was to deprive the civilian population of Gaza of food .
In this regard , he noted the fact that shortly after the incident , the IDF allowed Palestinian fire trucks to reach the area and extinguish the flames , as well as the extensive amount of food and flour that entered Gaza through Israel during the Gaza Operation .
Tim Russo / Getty Images
Attack on the Namar Well Group
The airstrike on Dec. 27 , 2008 , is described by the Goldstone report as the willful destruction of one of Gaza ’s best sources of clean water , and by Israeli sources as an assault on a guarded Hamas “ regional command and control center . ”
Israel insists that it was not informed that there was a wells complex on the site and contends that the entire installation was being used by Hamas for military training and weapons storage .
The Goldstone report makes no mention of the site ’s use for military purposes and notes that Israel refused permission to municipality workers to enter the area to repair the damage .
Goldstone :
The Mission considers it unlikely that a target the size of the Namar Wells could have been hit by multiple strikes in error .
It found no grounds to suggest that there was any military advantage to be had by hitting the wells and noted that there was no suggestion that Palestinian armed groups had used the wells for any purpose .
Mr. Ramadan Nai’m told the Mission how proud CMWU [ Coastal Municipalities Water Utility ] had been of this water well which produced more than 200 cubic metres per hour of the best - quality water in the area .
The operator , Mr. Abdullah Ismail al - Zein , was killed in the air strike .
… [ h]e was blown to pieces and his identity was established when his shoes were found three days later .
Considering that the right to drinking water is part of the right to adequate food , the Mission makes the same legal findings as in the case of the Al Bader flour mill .
Israel
According to the findings of the command investigation , the CMWU provided coordinates located within a closed military compound of Hamas .
This compound served as a regional command and control center and was used for military training and weapons storage .
Guards manned the entry to the compound and prohibited entry by unauthorized civilians .
[ The IDF ] had no information about the Namar water wells before the operation .
…
[ H ] ad the CLA [ Coordination and Liaison Administration ] received such information before the operation , it would have been immediately reported to all relevant IDF units .
The Military Advocate General … found no credible basis for the allegation that the strike was intended to deprive the civilian population of Gaza of water .
MAHMUD HAMS / AFP / Getty Images
Destruction of the House of Abu Askar and the Death of His Two Sons
In the dead of night on Jan. 6 , 2009 , Muhammed Fouad Abu Askar received a call from the IDF warning that his house , where 40 members of his extended family were living , would be destroyed .
Abu Askar says that he quickly evacuated his family and that his house was destroyed by a missile fired from an F - 16 seven minutes later .
Later in the day , as Abu Askar attempted to recover material from his destroyed house and find new lodging for his family , mortar fire on his crowded street claimed the lives of his brother and two teenage sons , the youngest of whom was only 13 .
The Goldstone report accuses Israel of reckless disregard for civilian life in firing mortars into a crowded urban area .
Israel counters that Abu Askar ’s house was a legitimate military target and that his two sons were well - known Hamas operatives working in a rocket - firing team .
Goldstone
Mr. Abu Askar was in the street at around 4 p.m. [ hours after the attack ] , when several mortars landed .
…
Among those killed immediately were two sons of Mr. Abu Askar , Imad , aged 13 , and Khaled Abu Askar , aged 19 .
Mr. Abu Askar ’s brother Arafat was also killed .
[ T ]he Israeli armed forces directly called Mr. Abu Askar early in the morning of 6 January notifying him that his house would be attacked imminently .
If Imad Abu Askar was as notorious and important as alleged , despite his young age , the Mission presumes that the Israeli authorities would have known where he lived and , in particular , that he lived in the very house they were about to destroy .
It is extremely doubtful that the Israeli armed forces , having identified the house where alleged Hamas militants of some significance lived , would warn them so that they may escape and then bomb the house .
The Mission does not deny the possibility of children being recruited by Palestinian armed groups .
However , in the case of Imad Abu Askar , the Mission is satisfied that he was not a Hamas operative .
Israel
According to the findings of the command investigation , the cellar and other parts of Mr. Abu - Askar ’s house were used to store weapons and ammunitions , including Grad rockets .
The sole basis for the claim in the Human Rights Council Fact - Finding Report that the house was a civilian target was Mr. Abu -Askar ’s testimony before the Fact - Finding Mission .
The Mission , however , did not ask Mr. Abu -Askar any questions about the potential use of his house for military purposes .
Shortly after the strike , two sons of Mr. Abu -Askar , both Hamas military operatives , were killed while they were involved in launching mortars at IDF forces .
PATRICK BAZ / AFP / Getty Images
Susan Zinkin divorced her husband in 1962 but was forbidden from looking for new love for almost 50 years .
Only when he died an old man this week was she released from being a " chained wife " under Jewish law .
Ms Zinkin , 73 , a retired Orthodox Jewish teacher from north London , divorced Israel Errol Elias in Britain 's civil courts 48 years ago but she was never able to obtain a Jewish divorce ( known as a " get " ) from him .
And yesterday she spoke of her relief at finally being freed from her status as the world 's longest - serving " chained wife " .
" As awful as it may sound my ex-husband 's death is a great relief and a huge weight off my shoulders – to be stuck like that was so cruel , " she said yesterday in an interview with The Independent .
" I 'm quite convinced that had the rabbis wanted to get their act together they could have done something within Jewish law and found a solution . "
She had made repeated attempts to get her former husband to grant her a Jewish divorce , which would have allowed her to remarry .
She , and many others , even resorted to regular protests outside his house in Golders Green , north London , in a bid to publicly shame him into granting her a religiously sanctioned separation , but the protests only seemed to strengthen his resolve .
But despite widespread public outcry , her " agunah " ( literally " chained " ) status remained in force until earlier this week when Mr Elias , 86 , died .
Speaking from her home in Kfar Saba , near Tel Aviv , Ms Zinkin called on Britain 's network of beth dins ( Jewish courts ) to do more to help chained women and to speak out against husbands who refuse to grant divorces .
" The Jewish religious authorities come together to talk about and solve all sorts of religious and social problems but they never seem to get around to discussing [ agunahs ] , " she said .
" It is time they did . "
Under halakha ( Jewish law ) only men have the power to grant a get .
Women who cannot persuade their husbands to free them from marriage become known as " agunahs " or chained wives .
Although they are legally divorced under British law , chained wives ( particularly those within Orthodox and Ultra- Orthodox Jewish communities ) often find themselves ostracised if they dare to remarry or speak out .
Ms Zinkin , who describes herself as " mainstream Orthodox " , said she felt unable to find a new husband because , without a get from her first partner , any new marriage would be considered unlawful by the wider community .
Her children – and any of her future offspring – would also be shunned as mamzers , a halakhic term to describe the offspring of adulterous or incestuous relationships .
" That 's a terrible stigma for the child , " she explained .
" They 're illegitimate for Jewish purposes and I just could n't do that to any child of mine .
Even Jews who are n't very religious would n't necessarily want to marry someone and have children born with mamzer status . "
Attempts by rabbinical authorities to tackle recalcitrant husbands has been met with varying degrees of success .
Rabbis from the Liberal and Reform schools of Judaism will often issue gets to women if a husband refuses three times , but the more orthodox branches are notoriously reluctant to intervene , believing that any sort of coercion would invalidate the get .
In the United States , some Orthodox rabbis have encouraged the use of pre-nuptial agreements which financially penalise a stubborn husband .
Jewish courts in Israel have even gone as far as placing intractable husbands in prison until they grant a get .
But campaigners say the Orthodox beth din courts in Britain have been much slower to look for solutions .
" It 's a very frustrating process , " says Sandra Blackman , a co-founder of the Agunot Campaign who regularly used to protest outside Mr Elias 's house alongside Ms Zinkin .
" We need the Orthodox beth dins to be courageous and recognise the appalling injustices that are being carried out by some husbands .
Other countries have found solutions but people seem afraid to implement them here . "
One academic hoping to find a way out of the impasse is Professor Bernard Jackson , an expert in Jewish law who until last year was head of the Agunah Research Unit at the University of Manchester .
Last summer he published proposals which offered courts viable alternatives that still conformed to Jewish law , including the promotion of pre-nuptials , provisional gets that would be issued in advance of marriage , and the retrospective annulment of a marriage by a rabbi .
The response from the Orthodox community has been limited .
" I can only say that meetings have been initiated , and there clearly is some willingness to look at our work and discuss it with us , " he said .
" The problem is that batei din are generally reluctant to go out on a limb alone , for fear of appearing ' divisive ' .
They are looking either for a consensus or for a lead from the greatest rabbinic scholars of the generation . "
Hopes for such a lead were dashed in 2006 when an international conference to discuss agunahs was called off by Israel 's chief rabbi , Shlomo Amar , just five days before it was due to begin .
It was widely reported in Israel that pressure from the Ultra - Orthodox community led to the cancellation .
" I 'm convinced there is a way , " said Ms Zinkin .
" We need to get all the rabbis together to reach some sort of consensus on how to solve this problem within Jewish law . "
Until rabbis take a stand , there is little that chained women can do , other than resort to public protests in a bid to shame their former husbands .
" I just hit a brick wall and there did n't seem to be anything I could do , " she recalled .
" I knew I just had to carry on with my life and try to forget about it . "
Few women dare to speak out about their agunah status for fear of reducing their chances of ever obtaining a get , or because they are worried about how the community might react to such public criticism .
Ms Zinkin did speak out .
By the end of the 1990s she was approached by a small group of Jewish women who , like her , had either been or still were chained women .
The first the mainstream press in Britain heard about agunahs was when a devoted band of Jewish women bewildered north London motorists with regular protests outside Mr Elias 's home in Golders Green , calling on him to free his wife .
Week after week they met outside his home but Mr Elias dug his heels in .
The public coverage of the protests did , however , spur the rabbinical authorities into trying to persuade Mr Elias .
" Prior to [ those protests ] the Jewish authorities had n't even been prepared to make a phonecall or approach him in any way , " she said .
" Whenever I approached Jewish judges they just said they could n't do anything .
So the protests might not have worked in my case , but they did with others . "
The demonstrations also thrust the issue firmly into the wider public 's consciousness : " People just did n't realise that this sort of thing can drag on for so many years .
When I told people what had happened they were absolutely stunned that you can be an agunah in Britain for more than 40 years .
I just hope I 'm the last of a long line of agunahs . "
It actually does n't taste like diet food at all .
Sardine Avocado Sandwiches
View the complete recipe here »
Get the Recipe Alton Brown 's Sardine - Avocado Sandwiches
If you 've seen Alton Brown on television recently ( his Iron Chef White House appearance , the Welch 's Grape Juice commercials , or of course , Good Eats ) you 've probably noticed that a big chunk of him is missing .
Where did you go , Alton ?
Apparently to the land of sardine - avocado ( sardicado ? ) sandwiches , where he 's lost 50 - pounds - plus .
On a recent Good Eats episode called " Live and Let Diet , " Brown revealed his little skinny - making secret .
He 's a sardine fanatic .
In fact , when he travels , he takes a can of it with him on the road .
( Though he encourages sardinephobes not quite at this stage to call them " brislings , " their other less - scary - sounding name . )
Unlike detox teas and grapefruit diets , this sandwich actually does n't sound like skinny - person food .
In fact , it sounds pretty satisfying and , um , delicious ?
Inspiration to investigate came from this Talk thread :
Funny how the 28 comments here and NOONE actually tried the sandwich ( ok , not all the comments were on the sandwich ) .
Well I made one this weekend and i thought it was great !
— haggisman
Great , indeed .
It 's basically a more intense tuna sandwich but the avocado smoosh provides a nice creamy , fatty ( but good - for - you fatty ) buffer to calm the under - the - sea taste .
If sardines are n't your thing , this probably wo n't be the magical gateway food that changes your mind — it still tastes like sardines .
But if you 're not afraid of the little fishies — or better yet , a member of the Sardine Society — it 's a satisfying balance of salty , oily , and avocadoey , and you wo n't get the hunger jitters for a while .
Sure , eating sardicado sandwiches on a regular basis a la Alton ( in the Live and Let Die episode he points out they can be breakfast , lunch , or dinner ) may turn them nasty really fast , but as an occasional snack or light meal , it 's pretty damn tasty .
Clip from Good Eats : Live and Let Die
More Sardine Recipes
Roasted Sardines with Bread Crumbs , Green Garlic , and Mint
Grilled Sardines with Chopped Salad and Skordalia Soup
Sardine Sandwiches with Tomato Jam and Fresh Cheese
Sardine - and - Egg Salad Sandwich
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
In the early days of StarCraft , players feared the clichéd Zerg rush — some gamers would simply spam as many cheap units in the early game as possible and overrun the opposition .
StarCraft 2 saves us from this terrible fate , however , with one simple addition : rocks .
Placed in choke points , or at the entrance to your base on maps marked " Novice , " the destructible rocks have 2,000 hit points , meaning weak units will be stuck behind them for a quite a while before being able to fight their way through .
More powerful units will run right over them , but by that time both sides have had more than enough time to climb the tech tree and build some defenses .
You select whether or not you want these rocks in your game by choosing between the standard and novice version of the maps .
When enabled , they act like rocky blankets , keeping you safe and warm while you build up a force and get some serious turtling going on if you 're Terran .
These are an easy way to stop rushes , but if you do n't want to use them , you do n't have to .
It 's the best of both worlds !
Look for more details and gameplay elements from the StarCraft 2 beta in the coming days and weeks .
Howard Lotsof was 19 , addicted to heroin and searching for a new high in 1962 when he swallowed a bitter - tasting white powder taken from an exotic West African shrub .
“ The next thing I knew , ” he told The New York Times in 1994 , “ I was straight . ”
The substance was ibogaine , an extract of Tabernanthe iboga , a perennial rain - forest plant found primarily in Gabon .
In the Bwiti religion it is used in puberty initiation rites , inducing a powerful altered state for at least 48 hours during which young people are said to come into contact with a universal ancestor .
By Mr. Lotsof ’s account , when he and six friends who were also addicted tried ibogaine , five of them immediately quit , saying their desire for heroin had been extinguished .
It was the start of a lifelong campaign for Mr. Lotsof .
And now thousands of former addicts around the world and some scientists contend that ibogaine should be scientifically tested for its ability to halt heroin and cocaine cravings and even end addiction .
Ibogaine is used in drug treatment clinics in many countries , but is banned in the United States .
About
via nal / penguinsubmit your pupster !
click here media / puplicity request ?
click here follow @hipsterpuppies on twitter
Usher is the man !
He approaches everything he does the same way .
It has to be perfect !
His interview with Men ’s Health magazine gives us an insight into his exercise routines but also in the way he lives .
Read on to get all the details .
Usher ’s Philosophy
Usher On . . .
Work
“ Imagine working in a studio till 4 o’clock every morning .
You sit on a couch and waste energy .
You eat a million and one things .
So we built a gym in the studio , where I go pump some iron with Cliff [ Boyce , his trainer ] .
Everyone looks at us like we ’re crazy , but when I go back into that booth , I ’m pumped . ”
Usher On . . .
Stress Relief
“ My life is work , work , work , work , work .
So , naturally I have to have some moment for myself at the end of the day .
Most of the time , I ’ll add a workout because it ’s something I want to do for myself physically , or I ’ll go and read a book , meditate , or whatever it may be , just to keep myself sane . ”
Usher On . . .
Health
“ At the age of 18 or 19 , I broke down a lot .
I ’d get colds , catch the flu , ’ cause I just was n’t taking care of my body .
I was n’t eating right .
I was n’t taking vitamins .
I was n’t sleeping , which I still do n’t do .
That ’s part of my problem–not resting . ”
Usher On . . .
Fitness
“ If you take care of your body , it ’ll take care of you .
The benefit obviously is that I ’m protecting my body from being harmed .
I did my best to prepare and condition my body over time .
If I did n’t do this , I ’d look a mess because of the lifestyle I live .
I mean , the moment you go off , you notice the difference .
You move slower . ”
Usher On . . .
Looks
“ Part of the selling of an artist is how you present yourself .
If you look the part , people will believe you . ”
Usher ’s Exercise Routine
Here are some exercises he does .
Sitting toe - to - toe with a partner , legs spread in Vs , launching that medicine ball at each other .
When one catches it , he lowers his back to the floor , then fires back up to a sitting position and returns the throw .
Brutal .
“ Watch your breathing , ” warns Usher .
“ When it ’s burning , you ca n’t give up .
You do n’t pay attention to pain .
Just breathe through it . ”
He continues with some wild moves , including a snakelike variation of the pushup .
What is that , you say ?
Usher ’s legs are straight and spread wide , hips high , forehead hovering just above the floor .
He swoops down so his body is flat and just above the floor , then comes up into a cobra , all in a fluid motion .
Not only does it look cool , it works almost every muscle in his remarkable body .
He also does an intense 5 - minute circuit of Arnold presses , V presses , modified lateral raises , and pushups — all part of a routine he ’s using to build a back as ripped as his trademark abs .
He stretches for 10 minutes before and after every workout and employs a combination of Pilates , yoga , and massage to loosen himself up for dance moves .
He boxes and break - dances for speed and agility , lifts and runs for strength and endurance .
What about the Abs ?
And for his abs … .
he eats .
“ If you eat clean , you get better results , ” he says .
Usher is dialed in — using advice from his trainer , Cliff Boyce , to achieve the body a millennial music star requires , and also to stay healthy as life ’s pace quickens .
We ’ve adapted his plan , plus those of the Pistons ’ Ben Wallace , actor / adventurer / seducer - of - fine - women Matthew McConaughey , and six - time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong , and we ’ve added in a strength and conditioning plan from Mark Verstegen , whose programs have fortified professional athletes at his Arizona gym .
In short , we took elements of all - star workouts and built them into a program any man can follow .
Usher ’s Workout Plan
Under the eye of his trainer , Cliff Boyce , Usher combines moves for body , mind , and voice .
Here ’s a typical workout :
Meditation and visualization : 20 minutes
Static stretching : 10 to 15 minutes
Intervals : 30 minutes on a treadmill or bike
Strength : 60 minutes of supersets and circuits
Abs : 10 - minute circuit
Static stretching : 10 to 15 minutes
Steam - room intervals : 5 minutes in steam , 5 minutes in a cold shower , 5 minutes in steam ( The contrast of hot and cold stimulates bloodflow to help his muscles recover ; the steam keeps his voice smooth and his skin toned . )
View the original posters
Join our email list for priority updates
We 're on Twitter and Facebook
Frequently asked questions
Women have played a major role in the protests since the election in June , which the opposition claims the government of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad stole .
Many women have been jailed and at least several were killed in the government crackdown on street protests that followed the vote .
Women ’s rights in Iran have been curtailed since the Islamic Revolution in 1979 , but in recent years , women have been displaying an increasing determination to achieve equal status in this conservative Muslim theocracy .
Women are forced to cover their hair and they have consistently been subjected to intimidation in public over what they wear .
A group of advocates for women , including Ms. Amini and the Nobel Peace Prize laureate Shirin Ebadi , met with members of the legal committee of Parliament in late 2008 to try to persuade them not to pass the bill .
Some advocates thought until last month that they had won the battle , but now they fear conservatives may be using political unrest to push for new restrictions on women .
Articles in the new bill allow a man to marry a new wife without the permission of a current one if she is absent for more than six months , including time served in prison , or has an incurable disease .
The bill would also subject a woman ’s alimony to a reassessment , although it is vague on what that means .
Alimony would , however , be taxed .
Also on Wednesday , an appeals court increased the punishment for Ghader Mohammadzadeh , a Kurdish activist , to death instead of 23 years in prison , a human rights Web site , Reporters and Human Rights Activists News Agency , reported .
This is the second time an appeals court has increased the punishment from a prison term to death in recent months , and it appears to be part of a larger crackdown on dissent .
Another villager said the revelations had come as a surprise .
" He acted as pious as could be in front of us .
For a man of the cloth to behave that way is unbelievable Â
He should be ashamed of himself . "
If you ’re anything like thousands of other people out there , you ’ve been saving up your hard earned cash for months now in anticipation of finding a great deal on that special item on the biggest shopping day of the year , Black Friday .
Black Friday , the day after Thanksgiving , is the day that traditionally retailers books will go into the black for the year , and when they start making a profit .
If the day turns out anything like years past , it will be a day of deep discounts , mobs of people trying not to be trampled and quite a few disappointed people who just barely missed out on the amazing deal on the 70 ″ 4 k TV .
So how do you make sure that you ’re not one of the people missing out ?
You need to plan your day with military precision , detailing your battle plan down to the smallest detail .
Plan Out Your Attack
So what do you need to do in order to have a successful shopping trip on Black Friday ?
Here ’s what I do before I even go to wait in line for the door - buster deals in the wee early hours of the morning .
Figure out what you want to buy in advance .
Make a prioritized list :
Do n’t go out and buy things you do n’t need just because they ’re a great deal .
But if your old 20 ″ tube TV just died on you and you ’ve been shopping for a new one , this may be a good time to buy .
Make a list of the things you want or need , and put them in the order that you need or want them .
Do n’t buy on impulse .
: Do n’t go out and buy things you do n’t need just because they ’re a great deal .
But if your old 20 ″ tube TV just died on you and you ’ve been shopping for a new one , this may be a good time to buy .
Make a list of the things you want or need , and put them in the order that you need or want them .
Do n’t buy on impulse .
Set a spending threshold and do n’t go over it :
It can be tempting with all of the amazing deals on Black Friday to buy all sorts of things you do n’t need – or did n’t realize you needed until you got to the store .
: It can be tempting with all of the amazing deals on Black Friday to buy all sorts of things you do n’t need – or did n’t realize you needed until you got to the store .
Save up cash for the items you ’re buying :
Because buying things is that much sweeter when you pay in cash !
: Because buying things is that much sweeter when you pay in cash !
Check for Black Friday deals in advance :
Often stores will sell certain items at the discounted Black Friday prices in advance of the actual day .
For example , one laptop I was considering buying was at the Black Friday price online , a week in advance .
: Often stores will sell certain items at the discounted Black Friday prices in advance of the actual day .
For example , one laptop I was considering buying was at the Black Friday price online , a week in advance .
Visit the stores in advance so you know where the items are :
At some stores on Black Friday they ’ll just open the doors and there will be a mad rush for the most popular doorbuster items .
If you visit the store a day or two before the sale you ’ll know just where you need to go to find the item you ’re looking for .
: At some stores on Black Friday they ’ll just open the doors and there will be a mad rush for the most popular doorbuster items .
If you visit the store a day or two before the sale you ’ll know just where you need to go to find the item you ’re looking for .
Coordinate a battle plan with a friend :
If you are looking for more than one item , you may need to find a battle buddy , someone who is willing to wait in line with you and make a b - line for item number 2 on your list before it disappears .
If the other deal you want is at another store , they may have to to go that store for you .
Buy them lunch to thank them for the help !
: If you are looking for more than one item , you may need to find a battle buddy , someone who is willing to wait in line with you and make a b - line for item number 2 on your list before it disappears .
If the other deal you want is at another store , they may have to to go that store for you .
Buy them lunch to thank them for the help !
Figure out if you ’ll need a voucher / ticket to get a deal :
At many stores you have to arrive super early in order to get a voucher to take advantage of the hottest deals .
For example at a Micro Center I went to on Black Friday a few years back , only the first people in line got tickets to buy a deeply discounted TV .
Find out if this is the case at your store , and if so , make sure to get there early .
: At many stores you have to arrive super early in order to get a voucher to take advantage of the hottest deals .
For example at a Micro Center I went to on Black Friday a few years back , only the first people in line got tickets to buy a deeply discounted TV .
Find out if this is the case at your store , and if so , make sure to get there early .
Do n’t despair if you miss out .
Some of the best deals do n’t happen on Black Friday ! :
If you do n’t get the deal you had hoped to get on Black Friday , just remember that some of the best deals people get do n’t even happen on this day .
Case in point – we bought our 50 ″ plasma TV earlier this year for $ 580 – and not on Black Friday !
I have yet to see a deal that good for the same or a similar TV on Black Friday !
So make your battle plan early – if you have n’t started already , do it today !
Where Can I Research The Black Friday Deals In Advance ?
One of the most important pieces to having a successful Black Friday shopping trip is doing your research in advance .
You need to scour the all the ads , looking for the best deal on the widget you were hoping to buy .
Some of the best places I ’ve found to do research for Black Friday include :
Another cool resource that I ’ve found for finding the deal on exactly what you ’re looking for is the Black Friday spreadsheet that someone has put together .
It has all the deals in one excel spreadsheet , and you can sort the deals by category , type , brand , price etc .
Very helpful if you ’re looking for a specific item .
Looking to buy several items at one store , but not sure which you should make a b - line for first ?
Check out this “ most wanted ” list from gottadeal.com – it will tell you what some of the most wanted items at each store are – so you can prioritize you list .
Did n’t Get Your Deal ?
Cyber Monday Is On The Way , Do n’t Despair !
A lot of times people will find that their deal was just so popular that by the time they show up at 4 am all the coupons for that nice TV have already been passed out .
Do n’t despair , a lot of times you can find some great deals on the Monday following Thanksgiving , often called “ Cyber Monday ” .
Check out the sites above , and you can find some great deals the following week as well .
Or follow my tutorial here on how to save money on the high ticket items you buy :
By Dave Lindorff
City leaders and the downtown business community in Philadelphia are wringing their hands and calling for " tough action " against a horde of some 150 high school kids from eight of the city 's decrepit and failing high schools who rampaged late Tuesday afternoon through the Center City district 's shops , from the Gallery mall at 10th and Market Streets to Macy 's near City Hall , frightening tourists and suburban shoppers , and knocking over shopping displays .
By evening , police had reportedly locked up 15 kids who were charged with violent offenses , such as beating other kids or bystanders , or destroying property ( Macy 's claimed damages to its flagship store totalling $ 700 ) .
Some of these kids were held overnight on lesser charges such as shoplifting or disturbing the peace .
I 'm not going to diminish the seriousness of the incident .
Nobody should be trashing stores or stealing things , and certainly nobody should be hurting other people .
At the same time , the official response , which has been to treat minor crimes like shoplifting or engaging in showball fights on the sidewalk or in the interior mall of City Hall like major criminal activity and to seek heavy penalties against these kids reeks of the growing police - state metality that is poisoning our society , locally and nationally .
Some of the kids who were arrested by police were under 16 , and yet six hours after they were locked up , many , and perhaps all of them , had been prevented by Philadelphia Police from even contacting their parents .
When a police officer at the 22nd Precinct , where some of the kids were being held , was asked by a caller why parents -- who were understandably frantic by 11 when they still did n't know where their sons and daughters were -- had n't been allowed to call home , his response at first was a sneering , " Oh , you think they should have a right to a phone call ? "
Later , when pressed , he said , " They 'll get to call home when we 're done processing them . "
This was already some six hours after the kids had been picked up , and he gave no indication when the " processing " would be completed .
This is not , I suspect , how such things are handled by police in the suburbs , where parents of arrested minors , especially white minors , tend to get called immediately by police .
Now the city is seeking to have at least some of the kids who were arrested expelled from school , though the incident has absolutely nothing to do with their behavior in school .
This is just punitive , law - and - order thinking that will do nothing to make these kids better behaved .
In fact , it will just ensure that they are angrier and less able to make their way in society as adults .
Do kids in the suburbs get expelled from school if they get convicted or shoplifting , or if they get busted for drunk driving on the weekend ?
No .
Of course not .
They get expelled for violations that happen on school time on school property .
Police are also calling for the Philadelphia School District to make free student transit passes invalid after 4 pm , instead of 7 pm - - a truly stupid idea that if implemented would make it hard for all low - income students in the public schools to participate in after - school activities like sports or drama clubs .
What really needs to be addressed , and what instead is being completely ignored by authorities and the public , is the question of why we 're seeing this kind of rampage in the first place .
Having talked with kids who frequent the Center City commercial area , I know that those with dark skin are regularly mistreated by store owners and store personnel in the Gallery , and in stores like Macy's .
My 16 - year - old son reports that when he and friends have gone shopping or browsing in stores in the Gallery , for example , he has seen store personnel falsely charge his black friends with " planning to steal " items , when they were merely looking at things in the same way that other kids who were white , or asian like him , were doing .
In other words , African - American kids feel blatant prejudice downtown , which does much to explain the hostility that was apparent in the recent rampage .
If Philadelphia politicians and business leaders want to make the Center City area more shopper - friendly in a municipality that is more than 50 % non-white , they might start by getting store owners ( and police ) to start treating all people in the area equally , including the kids who go there .
Meanwhile , the kids , who have demonstrated in this and earlier rampage incidents tremendous organizing skill at using social networking systems like MySpace , Facebook and cell - phones to pull together on short notice large groups of kids like the latest one along Market Street , should give some thought to taking their impressive facility with the new technologies and using it more productively .
Instead or organizing riots , they could organize protests that , far from angering and frightening the majority of Philadelphians , might earn the support of at least some of them .
Instead of calling kids together for a mindless , disorganized and indiscriminate rampage against store - owners , they should organize peaceful protests against specific , targeted store operators who are demonstrably racist .
Imagine if these kids used the new media to bring a thousand teenagers to the Gallery to march on the sidewalks with signs demanding an end to racism in these stores .
Imagine if they used social media to organize mass boycotts of stores known to target black students for harassment .
Imagine if they used social media to organize protests against police bias and police brutality .
There is enormous potential here , if kids would only grab hold of it and put it to good use .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
This really is a national disgrace .
There are numerous studies linking this epidemic of prison sexual abuse to eventual committing of violent crime , yet there seems to be no concerted or sustained effort to force prisons to deal with it at the source .
Every once in a while , some kind of report comes out and there 's a big fuss , but nothing changes :
The Justice Department reported Thursday that 12 percent of incarcerated juveniles , or more than 3,200 young people , had been raped or sexually abused in the past year by fellow inmates or prison staff , quantifying for the first time a problem that has long troubled lawmakers and human rights advocates .
The report comes as those advocates say that the Obama administration is moving too slowly on reforms that would reduce rape in U.S. prisons and as corrections officials are pressing Justice to overhaul reform proposals it is reviewing .
Four former commissioners on a blue - ribbon prison rape panel that spent years studying the issue say they fear that authorities are deferring to concerns by corrections officials that reforms would cost too much , while not focusing enough on prison safety and the effects of abuse on inmates .
The study by the department 's Bureau of Justice Statistics reported a " very high rate of staff sexual misconduct " against juvenile inmates .
It cited two facilities in Virginia and one in Maryland , among others .
" These figures are appalling , " said Pat Nolan , president of Justice Fellowship , a group that advocates for prison reform .
" We stripped a prisoner of their ability to defend themselves .
They can't control where they go ; they can't control whether the shower has a light bulb in it . "
The report , based on surveys from 195 facilities in all 50 states and the District , is the first of its kind .
Rates varied among the institutions , but at 13 detention facilities , nearly one out of three juveniles said they had been victims of some type of sexual abuse .
National attention has turned increasingly to sexual assault within American prisons , which house more than 7 million inmates and cost $ 68 billion a year to operate .
Other federal studies , which have been criticized by prison administrators , suggest that 60,500 adults are victims of rape or sexual misconduct in prisons each year .
In July , Michigan agreed to pay $ 100 million to settle a long - running lawsuit by women prisoners who said they were raped by state prison guards during the 1990s , and similar cases are proceeding in courts around the country .
Nearly seven years ago , Congress passed a law designed to reduce prison rape , establishing a commission to develop standards for state and federal prison leaders .
Lawmakers said funding could be cut for prisons that failed to comply with the guidelines .
' Fight the Power ' ?
Americans Move Their Money From Big to Small Banks
Some say big banks ' credit card rate hikes are driving them to local banks .
Jan. 8 , 2010  --
After " World News " reported Monday on banks raising interest rates on credit cards before new consumer protection rules take effect , ABC News heard from you .
" We bail them out and they raise rates .
Priceless , " one viewer e-mailed .
But many viewers took it a step further .
" Fight the power , " wrote one .
" My secret ... very simple , a credit card from a credit union , " said another .
It turns out that thousands of Americans are doing the same thing -- trading their banks based on Wall Street for the ones on Main Street .
One woman , Stephanie Frost , documented her move on YouTube .
She closed her account at Bank of America after her credit card rate jumped 27 percent .
The Huffington Post is on the bandwagon , urging its readers to , " Move Your Money . "
The Web site even posted a video with clips from the movie classic , " It 's a Wonderful Life , " to support the cause .
Remember that film 's iconic small - town banker with a big heart , George Bailey ?
On MoveYourMoney .info there 's an easy tool : Just plug in your zip code , and listings pop up with hometown banks .
" The response has been dramatic , " Huffington Post creator Arianna Huffington told ABC News .
" Over half of the zip codes in the country have already been searched for a local bank , and people are really eager to move beyond anger and frustration into action . "
But is Huffington simply encouraging a run on the bank ?
Are those smaller banks as safe ?
After all , 81 percent of the banks that failed last year were smaller community banks .
To that , Huffington said , " The only banks that come up when you put in your zip code are solvent , secure banks . "
They are banks where your deposits are insured by the FDIC , just like the big banks .
In truth , Huffington 's crusade is n't likely to have much effect on financial giants like Chase , Citigroup , Bank of America and Wells Fargo .
As a recent article on Slate pointed out , a huge number of bank customers would have to make a switch to have any meaningful impact on the big banks -- some 2.6 million customers .
That 's particularly unlikely when tools like direct deposit and online bill paying have made switching banks more of a hassle than ever before .
Even so , the " Move Your Money " effort is finding grassroots support , particularly on Facebook , where a fast - growing group posts its members ' own experiences .
Facebook user April Schiller switched , and she commented : " How amazing to actually talk to humans to who remember me . "
We went to find her at her new hometown bank in Seattle .
" I received thank you 's and a hand - signed Christmas card from them , " Schiller wrote .
" It was great . "
by
Yesterday , I described a simple scenario where a plaintiff , who is having difficulty identifying an alleged online defamer , could benefit from subpoenaing data held by a third party web service provider .
Some third parties — like Facebook in yesterday ’s example — know exactly who I am and know whenever I visit or post on other sites .
But even when no third party has the whole picture , it may still be possible to identify me indirectly , by combining data from different third parties .
This is possible because loading one webpage can potentially trigger dozens of nearly simultaneous web connections to various third party service providers , whose records can then be subpoenaed and correlated .
Suppose that I post an anonymous and potentially defamatory comment on a Boing Boing article , but Boing Boing for some reason is unable to supply the plaintiff with any hints about who I am — not even my IP address .
The plaintiff will only know that my comment was posted publicly at “ 9:42 am on Fri. Feb 5 . ” But as I mentioned yesterday , Boing Boing — like almost every other site on the web — takes advantage of a handful of useful third party web services .
For example , one of these services — for an article that happens to feature video — is an embedded streaming media service that hosts the video that the article refers to .
The plaintiff could issue a subpoena to the video service and ask for information about any user that loaded that particular embedded video via Boing Boing around “ 9:42 am on Fri. Feb 5 . ” There might be one user match or a few user matches , depending on the site ’s traffic at the time , but for simplicity , say there is only one match — me .
Because the video service tracks each user with a unique persistent cookie , the service can and probably does keep a log of all videos that I have ever loaded from their service , whether or not I actually watched them .
The subpoena could give the plaintiff a copy of this log .
In perusing my video logs , the plaintiff may see that I loaded a different video , earlier that week , embedded into an article on TechCrunch .
He may notice further that TechCrunch uses Google Analytics .
With two more subpoenas — one to TechCrunch and one to Google — and some simple matching up of dates and times from the different logs , the plaintiff can likely rebuild a list of all the other Analytics - enabled websites that I ’ve visited , since these will likely be noted in the records tied to my Analytics cookie .
The bottom line : From the moment I first load that video on Boing Boing , the plaintiff gains the power to traverse multiple silos of data , held by independent third party entities , to trace my activities and link my anonymous comment to my web browsing history .
Given how heavily I use the web , my browsing history will tell the plaintiff a lot about me , and it will probably be enough to uniquely identify who I am .
But this is just one example of many potential paths that a plaintiff could take to identify me .
Recall from yesterday that when I visit Boing Boing , the site quietly forwards my information to the servers of at least 17 other parties .
Each one of these 17 is a potential subpoena target in the first round of discovery .
The information culled from this first round — most importantly , what other websites I ’ve visited and at what times — could inform a second round of subpoenas , targeted to these other now - relevant websites and third parties .
From there , as you might already be able to tell , the plaintiff can repeat this data linking process and expand the circle of potentially identifying information .
A recent privacy study from Berkeley shows how far such a strategy might reach .
The Berkeley researchers found that nearly all of the top 100 sites on the web contain some sort of “ web bug , ” another term for the hidden web connection that allows a third party to automatically track a user on the site .
Some of these sites will load dozens of web bugs on each page visit , which will litter user data far and wide on third party servers .
Moreover , the study found that Google Analytics — by far the most popular website statistics service — was used by more than 70 % of all sites they surveyed in March 2009 .
Once they add other Google - run services like Doubleclick and Adsense into the calculation , this figure rises to 88 % of all sites that use some Google service — an astonishingly broad and dominant ability to follow users as they browse the web .
But even other smaller , but still popular , third party entities have significant reach across thousands of sites across the web .
The traceability of any given site visitor will still depend on context : the number of third party services used by the site , the popularity of each third party service across the web , the types of identifying data that these parties collect and store , whether the speaker used any online anonymity tools , and many other site - specific factors .
Despite the variability in third party tracing capabilities , the nearly simultaneous connections to a few third party services means that the results of tracing can be combined .
By sleuthing through information held in third party dossiers , logs and databases , plaintiffs in John Doe lawsuits will have many more discovery options than they had ever previously imagined .
A cheap solution could be on the way ( Image : Christopher Bissell / Getty )
THE rumbling bass from the party animals next door need no longer keep you awake at night .
Cheap and effective soundproofing can be yours in the shape of novel tiles made from latex and a few plastic buttons .
Low - frequency sounds , especially , seem to seep through most domestic walls .
That ’s because of their long wavelength , says Zhiyu Yang at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in Kowloon .
Bass sounds at 100 hertz have a wavelength of over 3 metres in air , “ and several times longer in solids ” , …
As you might now , we are currently porting KMail to Akonadi .
The Akonadi - based KMail will be called KMail 2 and released together with KDE SC 4.5 if everything goes well .
Just a quick summary of what Akonadi is , for those who do n’t know : Akonadi is an abstraction layer / proxy and a cache for PIM data .
PIM data can by anything like mails , contacts or calendar entries , and they can come from different sources , like an IMAP server , a
local vCard file or an Exchange server .
Akonadi provides an easy API for the client application developer to access that PIM data
in a transparent way .
This post is about Nepomuk , not Akonadi .
Akonadi uses Nepomuk to index the mails .
Basically this means every mail that was seen by the Akonadi cache is also indexed by Nepomuk .
This makes some great features possible , which I ’ll describe below .
With screenshots !
Powerful searches
The main benefit of Nepomuk is that we can do very powerful searches .
KMail 1 had a search function as well , and even virtual folders .
Those however were so slow that they were basically unusable .
With Nepomuk - powered searches , this is different :
The searches are quite fast , and because they run in another process , the KMail GUI is not slowed down by searches anymore .
Now it is for example possible to have a virtual folder with all messages marked as to - do or important .
Speed is not the only thing that is improved :
The search results are now much , much better .
We can now search in attachments and also optionally in encrypted mails .
We can even do powerful semantic searches , for example linking mails with contacts .
One example is “ search all mails sent by persons who are tagged with ‘ boss ' ” , since you can now tag contacts in KAddressbook .
Because Nepomuk indexes the mails , they will now show up in KRunner when you type something there .
The amount of mails it finds for a given search term is so powerful that it is downright scary : when typing your name , it finds mails sent by you , sent to you , mentioning you or even mails in which you are mentioned in some attachment .
To conclude , searches in KMail 2 will rock !
Tagging
In KMail 2 , we now use Nepomuk for all our tagging needs , instead of relying on some home - brewn system .
The big advantage of course is integration with the rest of KDE , for example an application showing you every thing that is tagged with a certain tag can now also show the tagged mails .
And KRunner will also display mails when you search for a tag .
We also have a Nepomuk tag resource , which shows one folder for each tag , with the tagged mails inside .
When you drag a mail into such a folder , it will even get tagged automatically .
Again this is powered by Nepomuk searches behind the scenes .
Below two screenshots showing how to tag a mail , and how the tag folders look .
Please ignore the horrible colors , I was just testing the function that tags can change the text and background color .
Annotations
Having annotations for mails is a much requested feature .
Often , people want to attach a little note to a mail where they can put some text in .
Now , which technology could we use for annotations ?
Right , Nepomuk !
I implemented annotation support today , and I have to say it was pleasantly easy to do so .
In KMail 2 , you can now add a note to a mail .
The mail list shows a little icon when a mail has a note attached , and you can edit the note by clicking it , or by using the appropriate action from the main menu .
Below are some screenshots which shows how to use annotations .
Did you notice the tooltip in the last screenshot ?
The note you have added to the mail also shows up in the tooltip .
Even better :
The tooltip shows a short preview of the mail text now , for mails that are indexed by Nepomuk .
It was again really simply to get that information out of Nepomuk .
Closing
I hope I could give you a glimpse at the nice improvements related to Nepomuk which will be available in KMail 2 .
So when can you use that cool stuff ?
KMail 2 is currently under heavy development , right now it should not be used at all 🙂
In the past , we have been working in a separate branch , the akonadi - ports branch .
That branch will now be merged back to trunk during the next days .
If you are a user who follows trunk , you should switch to the 4.4 branch .
Otherwise you ’ll see a big fat warning when starting KMail 2 .
Right now there are quite many bugs and regressions in KMail , the Akonadi port is probably comparable with the KDE3 to KDE4 port , if not worse .
We hope to stabilize KMail 2 so that it becomes usable soon , and if everything goes well , it can be released together with KDE SC 4.5 .
Helping hands for the work on KMail 2 are very welcome , there is a huge amount of stuff to fix where you could help us .
Find us in # kontact or #akonadi on IRC , or on the kde - pim mailing list .
Downstate cops post drug house signs
This Feb. 3 photo shows a warning sign posted outside a house in Belleville , Ill .
The Belleville Police Department has a new tactic in fighting the drug trade in the city _ signs pointing out to the public houses and apartments where police say drugs are sold .
BELLEVILLE --
The Belleville Police Department has a new tactic in fighting the drug trade in the city -- signs pointing out to the public houses and apartments where police say drugs are sold .
A sign placed outside an apartment building earlier in the week said in bold , red letters : " Warning !
Drug House ; Enter at your own risk . "
An arrow on the sign points to the building , and the address is attached to the bottom of the sign .
Police made an arrest for drug sales there on Jan .
7 .
The owner of the apartment building could n't be reached this week .
The goal of the signs , Belleville Police Capt .
Don Sax said , is community awareness -- letting the neighborhood know the police are paying attention to their complaints and acting on the problem .
" Drugs beget violence , " Sax said .
" It 's just another tool in that fight to try to fight off the drug trade . "
Michael Hassard Sr. lives near the group of apartment buildings that includes the one marked with the sign .
He said he has seen countless cars come and go quickly at night .
" I think it 's a good thing , " he said about the sign .
" It ca n't hurt . "
A lifelong resident of the neighborhood , 32 - year - old Heath Wentz Sr. , said the area has seen good and bad times , and that in the past four years , it 's taken a turn for the worse because of the apartments .
He said he 's seen it all there -- ambulances responding to overdoses , fights , multiple drug deals happening each night , and some gun violence .
Last summer , he found a bag of hypodermic needles thrown into his flower bed .
He 's been reporting problems for years , but he said the drug trade persists there .
But Wentz is skeptical about whether the sign will help stop drug deals .
He said people buying drugs come for them mostly after the sun goes down , and after police take the sign down .
" It 's not going to discourage some people , " he said .
" It just makes the neighborhood look bad . "
Police also will begin sending notifications about drug busts to the managers and owners of the property where police say drugs are sold , and to the neighbors .
The department also has set up a tip line where citizens can provide information about the houses or apartments where the drug signs have been posted , or those that police have n't picked up on .
That number is 234- 1218 , Ext. 686 , and callers can remain anonymous .
The letters police will mail to property owners and neighbors include tips of what to watch out for , such as numerous short visits to the location , people who appear to be acting as lookouts , unusual security measures , and cars driving by slowly .
The police department used the sign for the first time Wednesday and wo n't necessarily use them for every residential drug bust .
" If we feel like it 's not going to be of value at a particular location , it may not go there , " Sax said .
The police have only two signs , and when they use them at a location , it 'll likely only be for a day , and only during daytime hours .
However , the sign will be up again on West H Street today because police used it for only part of Wednesday .
The signs are heavily weighted , which police expect will deter people from stealing them .
When asked whether he thinks the signs will advertise where people can buy drugs , Sax said that those buying the drugs probably already knew to get them there in the first place .
Ward 7 Alderman Jack LeChien likes the new strategy .
" It 's a way of putting pressure on the landlords to run a tighter ship , " he said .
In response to anyone who might complain about the signs ' role in decreasing property values or in difficulty selling homes , LeChien said , " In the long term , what 's going to help sell their house is getting drug dealers out of their neighborhood . "
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
The president of ConocoPhillips Alaska was killed Saturday in an avalanche on the Kenai Peninsula that left another man missing and feared dead , according to published reports .
Jim Bowles was with a dozen other snowmobile riders near Seward when an avalanche buried him and companion Alan Gage , Associated Press reported on Sunday .
Maps help you spot spatial patterns in your data so you can make better decisions and take action .
Maps also break down barriers and facilitate collaboration .
ArcGIS gives you the ability to create , use , and share maps on any device .
Science & Exploration ESA chooses three scientific missions for further study
19/02/2010 1661 views 2 likes
Dark energy , habitable planets around other stars , and the mysterious nature of our own Sun , have been chosen by ESA as candidates for two medium - class missions to be launched no earlier than 2017 .
On Thursday 18 February , ESA ’s Science Programme Committee ( SPC ) approved three missions to enter the so - called definition phase .
This is the next step required before the final decision is taken as to which missions are implemented .
The three proposals chosen to proceed are Euclid , PLAnetary Transits and Oscillations of stars ( PLATO ) , and Solar Orbiter .
Euclid would map the distribution of galaxies Euclid would address key questions relevant to fundamental physics and cosmology , namely the nature of the mysterious dark energy and dark matter .
Astronomers are now convinced that these substances dominate ordinary matter .
Euclid would map the distribution of galaxies to reveal the underlying ‘ dark ’ architecture of the Universe .
The PLATO mission would address one of the most timely and long - standing questions in science , namely the frequency of planets around other stars .
This would include terrestrial planets in a star ’s habitable zone , so - called Earth - analogues .
In addition , PLATO would probe stellar interiors by detecting the gaseous waves rippling their surfaces .
PLATO would search for habitable planets Solar Orbiter would take the closest look at our Sun yet possible , approaching to just 62 solar radii .
It would deliver images and data that include views of the Sun ’s polar regions and the solar far side when it is not visible from Earth .
These three missions are the finalists from 52 proposals that were either made or carried forward in 2007 .
They were whittled down to just six mission proposals in 2008 and sent for industrial assessment .
Now that the reports from those studies are in , the missions have been pared down again .
“ It was a very difficult selection process .
All the missions contained very strong science cases , ” says Lennart Nordh , Swedish National Space Board and chair of the SPC .
Solar Orbiter would study the Sun up close
And the tough decisions are not yet over .
Only two missions out of three of them : Euclid , PLATO and Solar Orbiter , can be selected for the M - class launch slots .
All three missions present challenges that will have to be resolved at the definition phase .
A specific challenge , of which the SPC was conscious , is the ability of these missions to fit within the available budget .
The final decision about which missions to implement will be taken after the definition activities are completed , which is foreseen to be in mid-2011 .
In addition , the SPC has decided to consider at its next meeting in June , whether to also select a European contribution to the SPICA mission .
These missions continue the European commitment to world - class space science SPICA would be an infrared space telescope led by the Japanese Space Agency JAXA .
It would provide ‘ missing - link ’ infrared coverage in the region of the spectrum between that seen by the ESA - NASA Webb telescope and the ground - based ALMA telescope .
SPICA would focus on the conditions for planet formation and distant young galaxies .
“ These missions continue the European commitment to world - class space science , ” says David Southwood , ESA Director of Science and Robotic Exploration , “ They demonstrate that ESA ’s Cosmic Vision programme is still clearly focused on addressing the most important space science . ”
One of the Taliban 's top leaders has been captured in Pakistan in a joint operation by Pakistani and American intelligence operatives , U.S. officials said Monday .
The man , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , the group 's military chief , is the highest - ranking Taliban figure to be caught since the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan .
He effectively functions as the Afghan Taliban 's second in command , and his capture represents a major victory in the battle against the militants — and the effort to secure greater Pakistani cooperation in the fight .
Pakistan 's Inter - Services
Intelligence spy agency , which U.S. officials have long complained aids some elements of the Taliban , led the operation to capture Mr. Baradar , who was detained in the Arabian Sea port city of Karachi .
Mr. Baradar is being questioned by the ISI with the CIA 's involvement , and a U.S. official in the region said his capture had proved " really valuable . "
The official would n't elaborate .
He has been in custody for about two weeks and " is providing intelligence information , " another American official said .
" It 's a very significant takedown . "
Taking Mr. Baradar down " would deal a major setback to the Afghan Taliban and be a personal blow to Mullah Omar , who has relied heavily on him for years , " a U.S. counterterrorism official said .
It is interesting to note what happens to espionage cases in the United States .
If you spy for China , or Cuba , or Iran you will be exposed , excoriated in the media , locked up and denied bail , convicted , and sentenced to many years in a federal prison .
Spying is serious business and the harsh punishment most often fits the crime because when spies steal highly sensitive defense and policy information they are not only betraying their fellow citizens , they are also making all Americans less secure .
And the spying is only slightly less serious when American technology is being targeted .
When spies acting for a foreign country steal sensitive technology with commercial applications that is developed at great cost either by the US government or private companies , their betrayal is also taking away the livelihoods of thousands of American workers who rely on the competitive edge of US technology to keep their jobs .
Spies are traitors in every sense of the word , unless , of course , if one is spying for Israel .
Israel aggressively spies on the US both to influence policy and steal high technology , but getting caught only very rarely has any consequences .
Leading neoconservatives like Richard Perle , Douglas Feith , and Stephen Bryen have all been detected in flagrante providing classified information to Israel but the investigations were halted and their security clearances were godfathered so they could continue to hold high office .
FBI counter intelligence officer John Cole has reported on the frustration of his colleagues over the many cases of Israeli espionage that are dropped under orders from the Justice Department .
He provides a " conservative estimate " of 125 worthwhile investigations into Israeli espionage in the US involving both American citizens and Israelis stopped due to political pressure from above .
Israeli citizens and diplomats who are caught in the act spying are routinely freed without criminal charges and allowed to return home .
If you are an American who spies for Israel , a separate and unequal criminal justice system kicks in and the media quickly excuses your actions and then makes the story go away just as fast as it can .
Most readers of Antiwar.com are familiar with the recent case of AIPAC officials Steve Rosen and Keith Weissman .
The two men were given information that they knew to be classified by Pentagon employee Larry Franklin , who perhaps not coincidentally worked for Doug Feith .
They passed the information on to an intelligence officer at the Israeli Embassy with whom they were also in contact .
The FBI set up a sting using Franklin and arrested all three of the men under the Espionage Act of 1917 .
The arrest was followed by a nearly three year long trial in which the AIPAC duo finally escaped any punishment after presiding Judge Thomas Ellis obligingly set conditions that made it impossible for the prosecution to proceed .
Franklin , who pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 151 months in prison , was subsequently freed of his obligation to do any jail time by the same Judge Ellis .
While the trial was going on , it was conspicuously underreported by the media .
Predictably , many in the media and in the neocon establishment criticized the arrests of Rosen and Weissman , commenting that exchanges of classified " information " were routine in Washington and that Israel is a good friend requiring the classified intelligence for its own security .
The argument might not have convinced the American public , but it certainly convinced the barking dogs in the media and Judge Ellis , particularly as there might have been a little nudging from important politicians taking place .
Congresswoman Jane Harman , who was caught on the phone trading favors with an agent working for Israeli intelligence promised to use her influence in the Rosen - Weissman case in return for Israel helping her obtain the position of chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , a devil ’s bargain if there ever was one .
The case of Ben - Ami Kadish is in some ways even more intriguing than that of the two AIPAC staffers .
Kadish was arrested in New Jersey in December 2008 for " conspiracy to disclose to the government of Israel documents related to the national defense of the United States and … that he participated in a conspiracy to act as an agent of the government of Israel . "
Kadish gave the same Israeli intelligence officer who ran convicted spy Jonathan Pollard classified documents that he had obtained while working at the US Army Armament Research , Development , and Engineering Center at Picatinny Arsenal in Dover , New Jersey .
Some of the documents were related to nuclear weapons development while others described highly classified aspects of the Patriot anti-missile defense system .
Israel subsequently developed its own Arrow anti-missile system , possibly using classified information relating to the Patriot , thereby reducing its own costs and enabling it to market the Arrow internationally at a lower price than its US competitors , eliminating American jobs .
Ben -Ami Kadish was arrested in December but released on bail .
He was supposed to reappear before Judge Douglas Eaton at the US District Court for the Southern District of New York in Manhattan two months later in February , but did not actually reappear until June .
He was fined and given a suspended sentence , a slap on the wrist considerably less painful than a local businessman cheating on his income tax might have received in the same courtroom .
And there is a current spy case involving Israel which clearly is being swept under the rug .
Stewart Nozette , a scientist working for the US government , was arrested on October 19th and charged with conspiring to commit espionage .
Nozette was caught in an FBI sting operation in which the Bureau officer pretended to be an Israeli Mossad spy .
Nozette enthusiastically embraced the offer to cooperate , demanding in return an Israeli passport and money for the information that he would provide .
The US media quickly went into damage mode , the New York Times headlining its coverage " The Scientist Who Mistook Himself for a Spy . "
Many in the media quickly noted that the FBI agent was not actually Mossad , meaning that Israel was not directly involved .
The convenient spin ignored the fact the Nozette told the agent that he had already " communicated classified information " to Israel for many years through contacts in the Israel Aerospace Industries , for which he received $ 225,000 .
Nozette stated that he believed he had already been spying for Israel , telling the pretend Mossad but really FBI officer " I thought I was working for you already . "
So what has happened to Nozette , who , according to the court papers , " had regular , frequent access to classified information and documents related to the US national defense " ?
Well , as in the case of Ben - Ami Kadish , he seems to have disappeared .
The media has dropped the story and Nozette did not appear again in court on November 10th as scheduled .
He may have been consigned to that limbo where those who spy for Israel seem to wind up prior to being released .
The Federal District Court for the District of Columbia ’s website is giving nothing away .
Nozette ’s name does not appear anywhere and if one calls the court clerk and requests information on his status , the call will not be returned .
The point is that if Congress and the Justice Department think that when Americans are caught spying for Israel it is constitutionally protected activity , like free speech , perhaps they should say so publicly .
A two - tier system relating to national security issues and rule of law is just not in the US national interest , no matter how one twists the facts .
If you spy for Israel the consequences should be the same as if you spy for China or Cuba – arrest , conviction , and hard jail time .
No exceptions , no excuses .
This is the most accurate , highest resolution true color image of planet Earth to date .
And at 2048 x 2048 pixels , you should put it in your desktop background now .
You can get America too :
Click on the images to get the high resolution version .
Advertisement
Sounds familiar ?
This is why .
Advertisement
Oh , you are beautiful , you little blue marble you .
[ NASA via Twitter ]
BLIND GUARDIAN singer Hansi Kürsch has issued the following update :
" Some important words right at the beginning : A small step for mankind , but a gigantic one for me .
" It is finished " , as people with a more pathetic attitude probably would say .
For the first time in my long life I finally managed to complete a computer game !
I have to admit that I more or less only assisted my son throughout the whole journey and all in all was of little help , but that 's of minor importance I have to say .
Brave and courageous I stood by his side throughout the whole quest .
Such complexity , such passion , such grandeur and beauty all in one story ...
What an overwhelming feeling , after all .
Why did n't anyone tell me before ?
Yes , André and Marcus tried to convince me here and there , but they should have tried harder !!!
Very soon they will taste my revenge , I tell you .
I am intending to play Guitar Hero next and once I am better than Marcus and André ( should n't take too long ) ... they are history .
The game which got me hooked ?
Rabbids Go Home of course .
Who needs " WOW " ?
For those who are not interested in computer games ( even though I doubt the existence of such silly people ) I also would like to tell you what is going in the Guardian camp .
We are progressing quickly !
Even I , who is always last in line , can sense the end of the recording session is close at hand .
Maybe another four weeks and we should be done with all recordings .
Apart from some minor guitar , bass , percussion , flutes and effect parts the time mainly will be used for vocals .
I have to sing two more songs , which would be ' Curse My Name ' and ' Song 12 ' .
As some of you figured already this hardly will be the title of the song once vocals are finished , even though we have had a live album , which carries the provoking title " Live " ...
Back to ' Song 12 ' .
After counting all songs ( and I did that again and again ) I finally figured we only have worked on eleven in total .
Do n't blame me , blame André .
He has called it ' Song 12 ' .
What can I do ?
Well , I do have two choices .
I either call it ' Song 11 ' from today on or I keep it as it is .
To create no further confusion I call it the " Eleventh song which is called Song 12 " for now .
It is another nice one , to say that much .
To finish the " still - to - do - list " :
We will end up recordings with some gigantic choir sessions , which will take some time to be completed . :-)
Anyway , the stuff so far turned out even better than expected .
Keep in mind it is me saying that and I partly have been involved .
By now I assume it is no secret anymore that we twice have traveled to Prague during the last months for orchestral recordings .
What can I say ?
It sounds brilliant .
We have heavily used orchestration in ' Sacred ' ( yes , the song will be on the album in an even longer and certainly better version ) and naturally for ' Wheel Of Time ' as well as in some other parts on the album .
As probably said before , this will be our most bombastic and epic album so far .
Whether there will be 8 or 9 songs on the album I do not know , by now .
But each and every song has a completely different approach in comparison to each other and one compliments the other in a perfect way .
Except probably for ' Song 5 ' and ' Song 10 ' .
Or was it ' Song 10 ' and ' Song 8 ' ?
I can't remember .
So it wo n't matter , right ?
September you will know what I mean . :-)
We may show mercy and provide you with some small samples , before .
If I do n't forget .
What was I talking about ?
As you may have noticed we have finally started to establish our Facebook profile .
For us it is the easiest way to provide you with current information in a constant mode .
The page is now run by our webmasters who do have the privilege to get some first hand information directly from the studio while accompanying us or directly communicating with us via Skype ( yes , I do know this modern tool , too ) .
For us it is really impressive to see how many people have joined us within such a short amount of time .
Thanks for supporting us .
We , of course , still check the forum to see what is going on there .
As there were many questions about where and when we play which country on the next upcoming world tour I can only say this much :
The announced shows will only be the beginning of an extensive tour marathon .
Our intention for sure will be to play all continents , again .
I am very positive about a Northern American tour in late 2010 .
But nothing is yet confirmed .
As usual you will find all necessary information with regard to tour dates once they are confirmed on the homepage .
As for our friends in these European countries where no shows are announced for 2010 : Patience is a virtue !
Do not worry we will come by in 2011 .
That 's for sure .
We of course will do everything possible to visit our friends in Asia , South America , Australia and Africa sometime in 2011 as well .
But unfortunately you will have to wait for announcements a little longer , I suppose .
It 's just a matter of time , I promise .
As for the setlist and the general live production I can promise this much : we will perform a lot of stuff from the new album and we are working on some very spectacular visual effects .
To be more precise :
We have people working on visual effects . :-)
Album title and album cover ?
We worry when we get there ...
That 's it from my side .
Next infos will be provided by André ... just joking .
Oh , by the way , did I say " A Happy New Year " ?
It 's not too late , now , is it ?
" A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL OF YOU . "
Stay tuned for further updates .
Blind Guardian 2010 tour dates with STEELWING :
September
24 - Tilburg , Netherlands - O1325 - Deinze ( Gent ) , Belgium - Brielpoort26 - London , UK - Sheperds Bush Empire28 - Paris , France - Elysee Montmartre
October
1 - Ludwigsburg , Germany - Arena2 - Trier , Germany - Arena3 - Langen , Germany - Stadthalle5 - Bremen , Germany - Pier 26 - Hamburg , Germany - Sporthalle8 - Bamberg , Germany - Jako Arena9 - Düsseldorf , Germany - Philippshalle10 - München , Germany - Zenith12 - Rome , Italy - Atlantico13 - Milan , Italy - Alcatraz15 - Pratteln , Switzerland - Z716 - Vienna , Austria - Gasometer17 - Brno , Switzerland - Fleda19 - Warsaw , Poland - Stodola ( New Date ) 20 - Berlin , Germany - Huxleys21 - Osnabrück , Germany - Halle Gartlage22 - Göteborg , Västra Götalands län , Sweden - Brewhouse ( New Date ) 23 - Stockholm , Sweden - Fryshuset - Klubben ( New Date ) 30 - St. Petersburg , Russia - Glay Club31 - Moscow , Russia - B1 - Maximum Club
November
5 - Madrid , Spain - La Riviera6 - Barcelona , Spain - St Jordi Club
Tim Tebow Controversial Super Bowl Ad ( VIDEO )
Heisman trophy winning Florida Gators quarterback Tim Tebow has filmed a Super Bowl ad that has caused a firestorm of controversy .
The two 30 - second commercials will air on February 7 , 2010 , and are being funded on behalf of the pro-life group Focus on the Family .
The ads will feature the college football star and his mother Pam Tebow .
She details the fact that she was counseled to terminate her pregnancy after contracting amoebic dysentery while doing missionary work in the Philippines with her evangelist husband Bob Tebow .
Mrs. Tebow rejected the idea and carried her fifth child to term .
That baby was Tim Tebow .
Pam 's athletically gifted son said he knows some people wo n't agree with his decision to do the commercial , but he 's always had strong convictions about abortion because his mother 's decision to have him " is the reason I 'm here . "
Many organization have asked CBS to reject the $ 2.5 million anti-abortion message .
The network has opted to move forward with the spot , citing the fact that they have received both critical and supportive e-mails on the subject and " will continue to consider responsibly produced ads from all groups . "
View the video below .
The hulking Hummer SUV brand looks to be headed for extinction .
General Motors Co. said Wednesday that it was unable to complete a deal to sell its Hummer line to Sichuan Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machinery Co. , a Chinese industrial company .
Now Hummer is expected to follow GM ’s Saturn and Pontiac nameplates into oblivion .
GM shed those brands as part of its bankruptcy restructuring last year so that it could focus on its more successful Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac brands .
GM said it would now begin “ the orderly wind - down of the Hummer operations . ”
The process is expected to take several months , and the automaker said it would consider any “ viable ” offers for all or part of the brand .
GM went through a similar situation with its Swedish Saab division .
After first saying it could not find buyers and that it would close the company , GM sold Saab to Dutch sports - car maker Spyker Cars last month .
Advertisement
The Hummer , with its outsized body and gas - guzzling engines , was a “ hedonistic ” symbol of a bygone era of U.S. automotive development and it ’s “ no surprise ” that GM could not complete a sale , said Rebecca Lindland , auto industry analyst at IHS Global Insight .
“ Realistically , I think this is the right thing to do .
It was doubtful that the brand was going to be successful .
This was a brand that had its day , ” Lindland said .
One obstacle was GM ’s inability to get clearance for the transaction from the Chinese government , she said .
“ Closing Hummer simultaneously improves the health of GM , China and the planet .
Hummer should rest in pieces , ” said Dan Becker , director of the Safe Climate Campaign , a Washington advocacy group that wants to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Advertisement
About 3,000 jobs in the U.S. are tied to building and selling Hummers .
Under terms of the scuttled deal , assembly plants in Louisiana and Indiana would have continued to produce Hummers under contract for Tengzhong until June 2011 , with an optional one - year extension .
“ We have since considered a number of possibilities for Hummer along the way , and we are disappointed that the deal with Tengzhong could not be completed , ” said John Smith , GM ’s vice president of corporate planning and alliances .
“ GM will now work closely with Hummer employees , dealers and suppliers to wind down the business in an orderly and responsible manner . ”
Coincidentally , GM ’s announcement came on the same day that consumer research company J.D. Power & Associates ranked Hummer as having the highest consumer satisfaction for dealer service among non-luxury brands .
The rankings were based on five measures of consumer satisfaction scored last year .
Advertisement
GM said it would continue to honor Hummer warranties and provide service support and spare parts to vehicle owners .
The Hummer was originally built on the same platform as the military ’s Humvee , produced by AM General .
GM bought the Hummer brand from the South Bend , Ind. , company in 1998 .
The brand was hugely successful for GM early in this decade , peaking in 2006 with 71,524 sold in the U.S. , but has collapsed since then .
Only 9,000 Hummers were sold last year in the U.S.
The brand has been hurt by shifting consumer tastes and higher gasoline prices .
The 2010 Hummer H3 has a combined city - highway fuel economy rating of 15 miles per gallon , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
Advertisement
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
1 .
The Reptoids
If ex-BBC presenter turned conspiracy theorist and science fiction writer David Icke is to be believed , the world is run not by the illuminate or aliens , but by lizard people from beneath the earth .
The British Royal family , the Bush family and other powerful persons are lizards in disguise , working together to achieve absolute power over the world of men .
These lizards come from beneath the surface of the earth , which is supposedly completely hollow and lit by a central ‘ second sun ’ .
For thousands of years they posed as gods , explaining the fixation that many ancient cultures had with lizards , but they have since modified their approach to human domination and taken key roles in political parties , the media and other organizations we just love to hate .
So how do we tell if somebody is one of the lizard people or not ?
Apparently it ’s all in their eyes , as is the only evidence for this insane theory .
Link
2 .
Die , Princess , Di !
Perhaps Queen Elizabeth really is one of the lizard people .
She ’d have to be pretty evil to order the death of her daughter - in - law just to spare the Royal family the embarrassment of her marrying a Muslim .
Princess Diana was attempting to escape the paparazzi in Paris when her car collided with the central support pillar of an underpass .
Her fiancé , Dodi Fayed was also killed in the crash .
His father , businessman Muhamed Al Fayed , has publicly insisted that the Royals , in particular Prince Phillip , are to blame .
Whilst the death of Princess
Di has all the hallmarks of an accidental collision , some continue to believe that the Royals had the motive and the means to have her assassinated .
Link
3 .
KFC Causes Sterility in Black Men
This golden nugget dates back to the 1950s when the KKK were at their height and the common perception of African Americans was that they ate nothing but fried chicken and water melons .
It saw somewhat of a revival in the 1980s , following the death of Colonel Sanders , the founder and face of the Kentucky Fried Chicken brand .
Colonel Sanders is rumoured to have been a Klan member and to have left 10 % of his estate to the KKK upon his death .
This led to further rumours that the Klan were running the chain .
Supposedly the Colonel ’s secret recipe of seven herbs and spices contains a chemical compound that renders African American males infertile while leaving white males unharmed .
Link
4 .
The Mars Conspiracy
The idea of life on Mars has been part of popular culture for a hundred years , so we were all bitterly disappointed when the first images of the Martian surface came back showing nothing but sand and rocks .
But there is still a good deal of evidence to suggest that Mars is , or has been populated .
The most famous is the case of the strage rock formations in the area of the planet named Cydonnia .
Several pyramids sit in this one area , alongside the famous ‘ face of Mars ’ .
Whilst it is entirely possible that a mountain could take this shape naturally and coincidentally , that still does n’t explain the geometric and seemingly unnatural construction of the Cydonian pyramids .
This in it ’s self is not sufficient evidence to prove that Mars was once home to a long - lost civilization , but an apparent abundance of faces , pyramids and other interesting structures across the surface of Mars certainly raises eyebrows .
So why has n’t NASA directed any of it ’s rovers to these interesting locations .
Surely the enormous public interest warrants further investigation of Cydonia .
Or are they hiding something from us ?
When the British sent a landing craft to search for signs of life on Mars , the only part of the craft to have been built in America ( the parachute ) failed , causing it to be lost .
Could this have been sabotage ?
Link
5 .
Nazis in Antarctica
We know that the Nazis had rocket technology far in advance of the U.S or the Soviets .
Some even claim that they made it to the moon .
But were the Nazis also building UFOs ?
Some leading UFOlogists believe that they were .
In the race for Berlin , the Soviets came across a secret Nazi research facility where a supposed flying saucer prototype was found .
A second , full - scale craft was also under construction there , using parts manufactured by leading German technology companies , including BMW .
The conspiracy theory goes further than this , stating that the Nazis had in fact built several of these saucer craft , perhaps in collusion with an alien intelligence .
These advanced craft were transported , towards the end of the war , to a secret base in Antarctica from where they still operate today .
Got that ?
UFOs are n’t flown by aliens , the USAF or Soviets – they ’re flown by Nazis from Antarctica .
Link
6 .
The Alien Connection
Since the mass UFO sightings of the 1950s and 60s it has been quite commonly believed that the U.S government has been contacted by , secretly colluding with , even controlled by an alien influence .
Are they building their own flying saucers in Area 51 ?
Are they secretly helping aliens to experiment on the population ( and cattle ) ?
Are they covering up the biggest story in human history ?
Nobody can really say for sure .
Although the idea of aliens dictating government policy is too much of a stretch for most people , many hold the opinion that if they had been in contact with aliens , they would n’t tell us about it .
Link
7 .
HAARP
Somewhere deep in the snowy landscape of Alaska lies a government research base known as HAARP .
The purpose of HAARP is to not only monitor , but also manipulate the ionosphere .
Theoretically this would enable boffins on the US government payroll to destroy incoming missiles and disrupt communications throughout the world .
This much is true at least .
HAARP definitely does exist and is capable of ‘ exciting ’ the ionosphere , which it claims to do for research purposes only .
However , some people believe that HAARPs power goes far beyond mere research and that it has been used to create earthquakes in Asia by temporarily disrupting the Earth ’s magnetic field .
The presence of an atmospheric disturbance over China shortly before an earthquake in 2009 is often cited as evidence of this .
There does seem to be evidence that the U.S government funded the establishment of HAARP based on it ’s potential as a weapon , but the extent to which it has been used in this capacity remains unclear .
Link
8 .
The End is Nigh
Is the world coming to an abrupt end ?
Is Ragnarok upon us ?
Is the government keeping this knowledge quiet to prevent panicked rioting and last minute praying ?
End of the world conspiracies and death cults have been popular since the dawning of the millennium when we actually thought that confused digital clocks might go on a rampage and destroy civilization as we know it .
The latest death - fad is based around the end of the Mayan calendar in 2012 .
Did the Mayan ’s know something that we did n’t ?
Maybe they knew that their civilization would be long gone by 2012 and that everybody would have switched to the Gregorian calendar by now .
So what exactly is expected to happen in December 2012 ?
Many are expecting the magnetic poles of the earth to shift , causing atmospheric chaos and rendering computers useless .
Others believe that the earth will collide with Nabiru , a giant and purely fictional planet currently on a collision course with earth .
However , Nabiru is entirely the invention of Nancy Lieder and has no scientific basis .
Lieder claims to have been contacted by aliens from Zeta Reticuli , who warned her of the impending disaster .
The original date for the Nibiru collision was expected to be in 2003 , suggesting either that the aliens got their sums wrong or that Lieder is a nutcase .
Link
9 .
The Moon Landing Was a Fake
The moon landing was faked .
Of course it was .
Go to any bar , anywhere in the world and you ’ll find at least one guy who believes this crazy story .
The whole thing was filmed in a hangar in Area 51 they ’ll tell you .
That ’s why there are several sources of light .
That ’s why the flag waves .
That ’s why you ca n’t see the stars .
Of course you ’d think that after going to all the trouble of making the consumes , the set , the lander module and actually launching a rocket , the U.S government would n’t forget a simple thing like hanging up some fairy lights .
And take a second look at that flag .
Is it really waving or is it wobbling ?
Given that the Apollo 11 rocket was actually launched and that the relatively simple technology needed to complete the mission definitely did exist at the time , it would have been just as expensive to fake the mission than to have actually gone .
The political impetus of the space race also gave the U.S government greater cause to actually go to the moon than to lie about their adventures and let the Reds get their first .
Link
10 .
Michael Jackson and LaToya Jackson are the same person
Ok , so this seems a little crazy and frankly ridiculous , but so does Michael Jackson himself .
The more you think about it , the more sense this makes .
Have you ever seen them in the same place at the same time ?
It would be completely plausible for Michael to have invented an alter - ego for himself , it fits with increasingly shy persona .
Would this alter - ego be a woman ?
Well Michael has become increasingly feminine throughout his life , both in his altered looks , his dress - sense , his voice and his mannerisms .
Perhaps Michael finally decided that it was time to undergo the final surgical procedure and become his feminine other - self full - time , staging his own death as a way to make the transition .
Not convinced ?
Give it time – this one grows on you .
Link
Written by Mark Ball – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
Ex -White House Press Secretary Dana Perino told Greta Van Susteren last night on Fox that she wished President Obama would stop making those unpleasant allusions to her old boss , George W. Bush .
Because , you know , Bush has not been taking shots at Obama .
Oddly , nary a mention of Dick Cheney was heard .
Perino was upset that Obama , in his interview for 60 Minutes , referenced Bush 's military triumphalism :
Obama :
And one of the mistakes that was made over the last eight years is for us to have a triumphant sense about war .
There was a tendency to say , " We can go in .
We can kick some tail .
This is some glorious exercise . "
When in fact , this is a tough business .
But Van Susteren at least pointed out that when George W. Bush was president , there was no shortage of blaming the previous administration :
Van Susteren : When President Bush 43 took office , was he critical in a similar way of President Clinton , his predecessor ?
Because one of the things I think we all want to think about , is we want our presidents having greatness about them and not getting petty .
Perino : I was n't there at the beginning , and I think there is a certain amount of comparison that has to go on at the beginning .
But almost everyone -- the left , right , and center -- columnists , even late - night talk - show hosts , are suggesting to President Obama that he lay off .
Well , no , Dana , you were n't around in the early years of the Bush administration .
So maybe you were n't there for the endless list of things that Bush blamed Clinton for -- some of which included the following :
But the best part came when she suggested Obama should not blame Bush for anything because Bush has been nice and quiet since the election and not criticized Obama :
Perino : Look , I think the other thing that you 've seen is that President Bush has been an incredibly gracious post - president during the transition , and he said , ' President Obama deserves my silence . ' and I would daresay that he deserves a lot more respect than he 's getting right now .
Sure , Bush has been " gracious " because all Republicans have to do is send out Bush 's surrogate thug , Vice President Cheney -- who in fact probably had at least as much to do with the direction of policy matters in the Bush administration as Bush himself did -- to do the dirty work for him .
Just last week , Cheney told the nation that the Obama administration was committing treason .
Before that , Cheney accused Obama of " dithering " on Afghanistan .
He attacked Obama 's decision to investigate torture policies under the Bush / Cheney regime .
And he criticized Obama 's Iraq withdrawal plans .
Yeah , pretty freaking gracious , those Republicans .
It 's important to remind the public just how we got in this mess , and to remind them that the people who got us here want us to forget that fact .
Their only hope is to cover their tracks , and Dana Perino is in the business of doing that .
The Big Brother of Europe ?
France Moves Closer to Unprecedented Internet Regulation
The lower house of the French parliament has approved a draft bill that will allow the state unprecedented control over the Internet .
Although the government says it will improve security for ordinary citizens , civil rights activists are warning of a " new level " of censorship and surveillance .
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named Peter Elvinger of French nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
( AP Photo / Dubai Ruler 's Media Office )
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named Paul John Keeley of British nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named Michael Lawrence Barney of British nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
( AP Photo / Dubai Ruler 's Media Office )
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named Stephen Daniel Hodes of British nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
( AP Photo / Dubai Ruler 's Media Office )
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named Michael Bodenheimer of German nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
( AP Photo / Dubai Ruler 's Media Office )
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named Kevin Daveron of Irish nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
( AP Photo / Dubai Ruler 's Media Office )
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named Jonathan Louis Graham of British nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
( AP Photo / Dubai Ruler 's Media Office )
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named Melvyn Adam Mildiner of British nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
( AP Photo / Dubai Ruler 's Media Office )
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named James Leonard Clarke of British nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
( AP Photo / Dubai Ruler 's Media Office )
This undated photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a man named Evan Dennings of Irish nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
( AP Photo / Dubai Ruler 's Media Office )
Photo released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , is claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show a woman named Gail Folliard of Irish nationality , who the Dubai Police Chief identified as one of eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room last month .
Dubai police chief Dahi Khalfan Tamim names 11 people linked by passports to the killing of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh
This combination image made from undated photos released by the Dubai Ruler 's Media Office on Monday , Feb. 15 , 2010 , which were claimed by Dubai's Police Chief to show eleven suspects wanted in connection with the killing of a Hamas commander , Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , in his Dubai hotel room
The Irish government has admitted it knew two weeks ago about concerns over ‘ fake ' Irish passports used in the assassination of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
But it has denied claims by Dubai 's chief of police that Irish officials were first contacted on the issue last month .
Serious questions are now being raised about how quickly the Irish authorities reacted after the alarm was initially raised .
The Belfast Telegraph 's website reported the story on February 6 .
The murky story took a further twist last night when the Department of Foreign Affairs confirmed that another two Irish passports had been implicated in the operation to kill a top Hamas commander , bringing the total number to five .
Until yesterday officials and gardai had been investigating the use of three Irish passports by a suspected 11 - member Israeli hit squad operating in Dubai last month .
But the number of suspects is now believed to stand at 18 , and five of them are now thought to have travelled on Irish passports containing genuine numbers but with names , photographs and signatures altered .
Yesterday , Israel 's ambassador to Ireland Dr Zion Evrony was summoned to a meeting at the Department of Foreign Affairs , but he said he “ knew nothing ” about the events in Dubai .
Irish government officials had earlier denied claims by Dubai 's chief of police that it was first contacted on the issue last month after Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was killed in his hotel on January 20 .
Dubai's chief of police Lt Gen Dhahi Khalfan Tamim has said he contacted consulates and embassies for assistance with his investigation into the suspects at the end of January .
A spokesman for the Department of Foreign Affairs denied that Irish officials had been contacted that early .
But he said : “ When we saw those media reports ( on the incident ) , our embassy in Abu Dhabi made contact with the foreign ministry there . ”
Anatomy of a professional hit
The operation to kill Hamas commander Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai took less than 24 hours to conclude .
January 19 , 2010
00:09 Alleged hit squad begins to arrive in Dubai .
First to arrive are ‘ Michael Bodenheimer ’ and ‘ James Leonard Clarke ’ .
00:30 Gail Folliard and Kevin Daveron arrive from Paris on an Air France flight .
Both are carrying forged passports from Ireland .
00:30 to 02:26
Other members of the team arrive .
Each are carrying fake passports .
The names and ‘ fake ’ passport countries are : Melvyn Mildiner , Stephen Hodes , Paul Keeley , Jonathan Graham , James Clarke , and Michael Barney — all Britain .
Evan Dennings — Ireland .
02:26 Peter Elvinger arrives .
He is using a fake French passport .
He meets a member of the team at airport .
They check into a variety of hotels using cash .
10:40 to 11:00 Alleged team members meet at shopping centre .
They are seen entering separately or in pairs and leaving separately or in different pairs .
15:00 ( about ) al - Mabhouh arrives in Dubia — he is also using a fake passport .
He does not have security with him .
He is met by a Palestinian who is a resident of Dubai at the airport .
He is allegedly followed by members of the assassination team at the airport .
15:25 Mahmoud al - Mabhouh checks into the Al - Bustan Rotana Hotel , room 230 .
He is apparently followed to his hotel room by two members of the ‘ hit squad ’ .
15:55 Peter Elvinger makes call to book room 237 at Al - Bustan Rotana Hotel .
It is directly across the hall from room 230 .
16:25 al - Mabhouh stayed in his room for an hour before leaving to meet people who are believed to be Palestinians from Gaza .
16:30 Peter Elvinger checks into room 237 .
He does not go to the room but allegedly passes the key to Kevin in the lobby .
19:30 Peter Elvinger leaves Dubai Airport .
20:00 Members of assassination team are allegedly seen on video on hallway near 230 .
20:24 al - Mabhouh arrives back at his hotel after shopping for shoes .
20:30 al - Mabhouh returns to his room and supposedly is killed , first by being stunned and then strangled to death .
20:47 Hit squad leave hotel .
22:30 Melvyn Mildiner and Stephen Hodes depart to South Africa , Kevin Daveron and Gail Folliard depart to Paris .
23:30 Michael Bodenheimer and Jonathan Graham allegedly depart to Hong Kong .
January 20 , 2010
00:30 Evan Dennings allegedly departs to Zurich .
Belfast Telegraph
Continuing the series of trailers for Naughty Bear , 505 Games has released a short video that follows up on the first part .
The game still has no solid release date and little else beyond a smattering of screenshots has been released .
See the trailer after the jump .
The government has been accused of performing a U - turn over an amendment allowing faith schools to teach about homosexuality in line with their “ religious character ” .
Last week , schools secretary Ed Balls tabled an amendment to the Children , Schools and Families Bill that would allow faith schools to teach sex education “ in a way that reflects the school ’s religious character ” .
The amendment was designed to make clear that equality requirements do not force governing bodies or heads to teach about issues such as homosexuality and contraception in a particular way .
The Catholic Education Service claims to have successfully lobbied for the amendment on its website .
Campaigners say this means faith schools will be permitted to teach that homosexuality is wrong and that contraception and abortion are sinful .
Around a third of schools in England are faith schools .
Some have gone as far as to describe it as “ the new Section 28 ′ , in reference to the 1988 law which banned the “ promotion ” of homosexuality .
It was repealed in 2003 .
Chairman of the Accord Coalition , a group for inclusive education , Rabbi Dr Jonathan Romain said : “ It is astonishing that the government plans to deny young people of their right to accurate , balanced PSHE [ personal , social and health education ] and sex and relationships education , and allow state funded schools to teach the subject from a particular religious viewpoint . ”
“ By taking this position , Ed Balls is implicitly condoning homophobia in schools and undermining attempts to tackle homophobic bullying .
After Labour has done so much for equality , this looks like a 21st century Section 28 . ”
The Pink Triangle Trust ’s secretary George Broadhead agreed , saying : “ By taking this position , [ the government ] is implicitly condoning homophobia in schools and undermining attempts to tackle homophobic bullying .
This looks like another Section 28 . ”
Andrew Copson , the chief executive of the British Humanist Association , added : “ The government has U - turned on their commitment to young people , trading children ’s rights for the support of a minority religious lobby .
“ We are deeply concerned that the government ’s amendment effectively gives licence to faith schools to teach SRE [ sex and relationships education ] in ways that are homophobic , gender discriminatory and otherwise violate principles of human rights . ”
Liberal Democrat shadow schools secretary David Laws said the U - turn was “ serious and undesirable ” .
Mr Laws added : “ State - funded schools should not be free to put their own spin on sex and relationship education .
“ The government should not pander in any way either to homophobia or to those who want young people kept in the dark when they are already exposed to these issues through the media well before the age of 16 . ”
According to the bill , schools should ensure that sex education “ [ is ] appropriate to the ages of the pupils concerned and to their religious and cultural backgrounds ” , “ reflects a reasonable range of religious , cultural and other perspectives ” and “ emphasises the importance of both rights and responsibilities . ”
A spokesman from the Department for Children , Schools and Families said that all schools would have to teach sex education when the new requirements came into law next year .
He told the Guardian : “ All maintained schools will be required to teach full programmes of study in line with the principles outlined in the bill , including promoting equality and encouraging acceptance of diversity .
“ Schools with a religious character will be free to express their faith and reflect the ethos of their school , but what they cannot do is suggest that their views are the only ones . ”
So , I was hanging out with Noam Chomsky in his office at MIT and we were talking about art and whether or not novels , plays , paintings and movies could ever be sufficiently weaponized to bully the dominant culture into being more accepting of radically humanitarian ideals and he said , comparing films from the past with films being produced nowadays , “ I ’ll occasionally look at an old movie from the 40s and its kind of fun because I remember them from when I was a kid , but you could n’t really call them high art .
The actors were very wooden , there ’s no storyline .
It ’s fun to watch Cary Grant and Greta Garbo and people like that – Humphrey Bogart was fun , but he was n’t subversive . ”
“ In all fairness , ” I said , “ the job of cinema back then was different .
Acting was exaggerated to serve the artistry of drama more than to mirror reality , which is more subtle and less precise – duller even .
Dialogue celebrated the written word more than the spoken word , which , I think , [ is often ] spectacular .
[ After all ] , you do n’t go to a ballet and then ridicule the dancers because you do n’t see people walking down the street like that , do you ? ”
We had gotten off the main point of our conversation and into an area that was not at all unfamiliar to me .
For years I ’ve argued against fascistic modernists in favor of the artistic legitimacy of early filmmakers and playwrights .
To me , the purpose of art , any art , has always been to provide a spectator with an experience or a vision unlikely to come to him or her through everyday living .
Sure I know that prejudice , for example , is abhorrent and that there are way too many demonstrations of that fact occurring all the time in the real world for me to have any doubt , but I ca n’t help believing that my spiritual understanding of what that kind of lazy hatred can do to a man ’s soul is helped by something like Spencer Tracy ’s speech at the end of Guess Who ’s Coming to Dinner , or Gregory Peck ’s eloquent defense , as Atticus Finch , of an African American wrongly accused of rape in To Kill a Mockingbird .
Indeed , nobody in real life speaks as poetically as either one of those scripted actors , but is n’t the truth too important to always be limited by the facts ?
Sure , Norman Rockwell might appear more factually accurate in a literal sense than Willem De Kooning , but you have to ask yourself that if real vivid cosmic truth had radioactive properties which artist do you suppose would be more likely to make you vomit , piss blood , babble incoherently and then drop dead ?
Okay , Bogart might not be subversive , but The Big Sleep kills me every time .
One thing that governors and mayors absolutely love to do is win a prize in the national game called " Corporate Welfare Roulette . "
It 's a simple casino - style game in which politicos put down a big stack of taxpayers ' money on an out - of - state corporation as an " incentive , " hoping that their bet outbids other states and cities trying to lure that same corporation to move to their area and hire some people .
There 's always a celebration when politicos " win " one of these cash - for - jobs gambles .
The media gather , politicos prance , the Chamber of Commerce chief grins from ear to ear and the corporate CEO mouths platitudes about free enterprise ( while stuffing taxpayer cash in his pockets ) .
Only six years ago , Winston - Salem , N.C. , had its lucky day , having won the spin of the roulette wheel to land a corporate gem .
Dell , the computer giant , was headed to town , pledging to erect a state - of - the - art assembly plant and hire up to 1,500 folks .
" We won , " crowed all the local poobahs .
They had put down about $ 318 million in tax giveaways , cash and other freebies to land the prize , and in October 2005 , they enjoyed the glorious grand opening of Dell 's $ 7 million plant .
The future was bright .
However , one thing that governors and mayors absolutely hate to do is to face up to the fact that their prize has reneged , failing to deliver the promised number of jobs .
Real bad politics .
Last October , four years and two days after Dell 's gala opening in Winston - Salem , the giant suddenly upped and left !
It abruptly announced that it would soon cut out for the cheap - labor havens of Asia , shut down the still - sparkling assembly plant , discard the 900 people it had hired ( 600 short of its promise ) and kiss off North Carolina .
Thanks for the memories .
Adios , chumps .
Formerly gleeful politicos were now howling , demanding " every red cent of incentive money " back .
But they had put down their money and taken their chances , and corporate gods are notoriously fickle .
While much of North Carolina 's subsidy had not yet been doled out , taxpayers still took a hit of about $ 17 million for its fling with Dell .
Meanwhile , the roulette wheel continues to spin , and more and more taxpayers across the country are learning that they 're getting stiffed , receiving only a fraction of the jobs they were taxed to bring to their area .
This is always embarrassing to the public officials who 've so enthusiastically played the game , but leave it to a Texas politico to come up with a slick political fix .
When Gov. Rick Perry 's corporate job subsidies do n't succeed , he simply — abracadabra ! — redefines success .
Texas has a long history of governors who have a genetic resistance to ethics , but this guy can't even spell the word .
A watchdog group , Texans for Public Justice , recently exposed Perry 's flimflam in a report documenting extensive job shortfalls in his corporate deals .
TPJ revealed that Gov. Slick had quietly been " amending " the terms of the contractual agreements that corporations signed to get our tax dollars .
Without even informing the other state officials who supposedly oversee the corporate subsidy fund , Perry eased the job - creation requirements to make the deals look like they are succeeding .
Such slackers as Lockheed Martin and Tyson Foods have had their job quotas slashed , been permitted to count part - time jobs as full - time and even been allowed to use foreign workers ( and possibly illegal immigrants ) rather than Texas citizens to meet their job - creation obligations .
When he learned last month that the TPJ was about to bust his little secret " fix , " Perry rushed out a statement lamely insisting that nothing was amiss , that his redefinitions were merely meant to " refresh " the state 's job contracts .
Refresh ?
Why do I feel an urgent need to shower when I hear such a clean word ooze out of the mouth of such an oily politician ?
The whole game of Corporate Welfare Roulette is oily .
For more information on the scams that come from it — and on what can be done to stop these giveaways — contact Good Jobs First : www.goodjobsfirst.org.
To find out more about Jim Hightower , and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists , visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
Introduction to the Reactive Extensions to JavaScript Tuesday , February 16 , 2010
Readers of my blog probably know that I ’m a bit into functional programming languages ( F# , Erlang , Clojure , Haskell , etc ) among other topics , but what you may not know is that I ’m a huge JavaScript fan as well .
Since I began in the industry ( professionally anyways ) , I ’ve been using JavaScript to knock out some pretty interesting solutions .
Over the years , many people have tried to abstract over the language , taking such approaches as taking a statically typed language and compiling it to JavaScript , but when it comes down to it , I prefer dealing with the natural language of the web , which is HTML , CSS and native JavaScript .
As much as I love the JavaScript language , it has its set of warts primarily from DOM manipulation .
The Problem with JavaScript Eventing
One of the issues around DOM manipulation has been around DOM Events .
The inconsistencies between the browsers were apparent , but just as well , how could you make events composable much as your would say functions ?
For example , how could I do a simple mouse drag over a div which gathers not only the current value but also the previous ?
We ’d need some sort of global state , e.g. the previous mouse location .
Below is a quick example using plain old JavaScript without the aid of any libraries like jQuery , etc .
< head > <!-- style omitted --> < script type = " text / javascript " > var oldMouse = null ; function tester ( ) { var mouseDragMe = document.getElementById ( " mouseDragMe " ) ; mouseDragMe.onmousemove = handleMouseMove ; mouseDragMe.onmousedown = function ( ev ) { ev = ev || window.
event ; oldMouse = { x : ev.clientX , y : ev.clientY } ; } mouseDragMe.onmouseup = function ( ev ) { oldMouse = null ; } } function handleMouseMove ( ev ) { ev = ev || window.event ; var results = document.getElementById ( " results " ) ; if ( oldMouse ) { results.innerHTML
= " Old ( X : " + oldMouse .x + " Y : " + oldMouse.y + " ) " + " New ( X : " + ev.clientX + " Y : " + ev.clientY + " ) " ; oldMouse = { x : ev.clientX , y : ev.clientY } ; } } </ script > </ head > < body onload = " tester ( ) " > < div id = " mouseDragMe " ></ div > < div id = " results " /> </ body >
This is a rather simplistic example which adds handlers to DOM events to set the old mouse position when the mouse is down and wipes it out when the mouse goes up .
Then while the mouse is moving , we check if the old mouse position has been set and if it has , print out the value , and finally set the old value to our new one .
If we start adding in additional requirements such as throttling , sampling and so forth , the code gets a bit more complicated .
So , the code as is works , but is a bit messy and not really composable .
And what I mean by composable is to say I want to chain events together to say do this and that until something else happens and make it look like this :
someEvent.mergeWith(someOtherEvent ) .
Until(yetAnotherEvent ) ;
Other Abstractions
Libraries have come along over time to help us deal with the pain that is DOM manipulation .
One in particular that is worth mentioning would be jQuery , which provides us some better flexibility when dealing with events .
For example , I can take the above code and rewrite it to use jQuery and in particular the bind function which allows me to wire up all of my events through the use of a map approach .
< script src = " http://code.jquery.com/jquery-latest.js " ></ script > < script type = " text / javascript " > var old = null ; $ ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { $( " # mouseDragMe " ) . bind ( { mouseup : function ( ev ) { old = null ; } , mousedown : function ( ev ) { old = { x : ev.clientX , y : ev.clientY } ; } , mousemove : function ( ev ) { if ( old ) { $ ( " #results " ) .html ( " Old ( X : " + old.x + " Y : " + old.y + " ) " + " New ( X : " + ev.clientX + " Y : " + ev.clientY + " ) " ) ; old = { x : ev.clientX , y : ev.clientY } ; } } } ) ; } ) ; </ script >
This does quite a bit to alleviate some of the earlier pains I had with eventing to not have to do the extra work to use the Event class , but also be able to wire up multiple events to the same handler if I so choose .
But that does n’t get me any closer to dealing with events as first class citizens and make them composable ?
Introducing the Reactive Extensions for Native JavaScript
As you may recall , Erik Meijer and his team on the Cloud Programmability Group in Building 35 have been working on the Reactive Extensions for .NET which is available on both the .NET CLR as well as Silverlight .
I ’ve covered this in a few posts and will resume coverage shortly on some of the more interesting bits .
While working on the Reactive Extensions for .
NET , the team also ventured into creating the same kind of functionality for native JavaScript .
That means we get to use HTML and DOM events as if they were first class members instead of relegated to simple assignments .
Most of the methods that are available for the .NET version are also available for the JavaScript version .
To get started , let ’s create observers on the three events we care about on our mouseDragMe div tag , mousemove , mouseup and mousedown .
To wire up our events , we get our DOM object , in the case the mouseDragMe object , and then call Rx. Observable .
FromHtmlEvent with our object and a string containing the name of the event , minus the “ on ” prefix .
Instead of using the stanard document.getElementById , I thought I ’d use a little jQuery as well to provide the context as well .
< script src = " http://code.jquery.com/jquery-latest.js " ></ script > < script src = " rx.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script > < script type = " text/ javascript " > $ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { var mouseDragMe = $( " #mouseDragMe " ) .context var mouseMove = Rx.Observable.FromHtmlEvent(mouseDragMe , " mousemove " ) ; var mouseUp = Rx.Observable.FromHtmlEvent(mouseDragMe , " mouseup " ) ; var mouseDown = Rx.Observable.FromHtmlEvent(mouseDragMe , " mousedown " ) ; } ) ; </ script >
Now that we have these first class events , we can use any of the standard LINQ methods such as Select , Where , Scan , Zip and so on .
We ’ll cover all of those in the posts going forward .
But for now , what we want to do is provide the same mouse delta dragger as we ’ve had above , but this time using no “ global state ” and instead use composability to express our intent .
With that , let ’s take our mousemove and zip it together with our mouse move that skipped once so that we have an offset between our previous and our current value .
Then we can take the first and second sets of our mouse events and combine them into a single object .
var mouseMoves = mouseMove .
Skip ( 1 ) .
Zip ( mouseMove , function ( left , right ) { return { x1 : left.clientX , y1 : left.clientY , x2 : right.clientX , y2 : right.clientY } ; } ) ;
As you can see , we call the Skip method with a parameter of 1 which allows us to skip one instance of the mousemove firing , thus giving our offset .
Then , we zip the two instances of the mousemove together to create an object which has the previous and the current mouse points .
Now , what we need is a way to only fire these mouse events when the mouse button is down .
Let ’s look at the code required to do that .
var mouseDrags = mouseDown .
SelectMany ( function ( md ) { return mouseMoves.TakeUntil(mouseUp ) ; } ) ;
What we did was take our mousedown observable and call the SelectMany which projects each value of an observable sequence ( in this case our mousedown ) to an observable sequence and flattens the resulting observable sequences into one observable sequence .
Inside our SelectMany , we return our mouseMoves observable from above and we call TakeUntil passing in our mouseUp observable .
Finally , much like in the Reactive Extensions for .
NET , we can call subscribe to our resulting observable which allows us to set the inner HTML of our resulting div .
mouseDrags.
Subscribe ( function ( mouseEvents ) { $ ( " #results " ) .html ( " Old ( X : " + mouseEvents.x1 + " Y : " + mouseEvents.y1 + " ) " + " New ( X : " + mouseEvents.x2 + " Y : " + mouseEvents.y2 + " ) " ) ; } ) ;
And there you have it , a full dragging capability using composable events in native JavaScript .
Conclusion
This of course is only scratching the surface of what capabilities this library has and there is much more yet left to cover .
The question you ’re probably asking now is where can I get it ?
Well , for that you ’ll have to stay tuned .
I hope to have more announcements soon about its general availability .
What can I say ?
I love JavaScript and very much looking forward to the upcoming JSConf 2010 here in Washington , DC .
For too many times , we ’ve looked for the abstractions over the natural language of the web ( HTML , CSS and JavaScript ) and created monstrosities instead of embracing the web for what it is .
With libraries such as jQuery and indeed the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript gives us better tools for dealing with the troubled child that is DOM manipulation and especially events .
I recently polled /r/ competitiveoverwatch ( aka / r / cow ) users for their thoughts on Overwatch with regards to fun and balance .
It was well - received on reddit , ...
Me : “ Ok , we ’ve pushed the site live . ”
Client : “ Why is n’t the site # 1 on Google yet ? ”
Me : “ We just pushed it live five minutes ago . ”
Client : “ Optimize the fireball . ”
Me : “ I ’m sorry ?
Do you mean the firewall ? ”
Client : “ I need more hits NOW , so I need you to optimize the fireball .
I know what I ’m talking about ! ”
Me : “ We ’ll get right on it . ”
by Scott Creighton
< http://willyloman.wordpress.com/2009/12/30/billions-in-recent-yememi-investments-and-the-underwear-bombers-daddy-its-a-small-world-aint-it/>
Why are we attacking the people of Yemen ?
Because some kid is alleged to have sewn a big fire - cracker into his underwear then sat on it in a plane over Detroit ?
Nope .
Not even close .
If you want to know what this is all about , follow Daddy ’s money all the way to the IMF and Jaiz Bank < http://jaizinternationalplc.com/board_of_directors_management_staff.html> .
Correct me if I am wrong , but did n’t brave soldiers used to throw themselves on grenades back in the day to absorb the shock and therefore save their fellow soldiers .
Is n’t there a saying about “ throwing yourself on a grenade ” to that end ?
So the big “ terrorist ” plot here is to get a small amount of PETN onboard a plane < http://willyloman.wordpress.com/2009/12/29/abcs-50-gms-of-petn-video-is-propaganda-and-i-have-the-proof/> and then SIT ON IT , thus absorbing the relatively small explosion … with his ass and his 150 lb body ?
That ’s the “ plan ” that requires , as President Obama blusters , “ every element of national power ” to fight ?
I do n’t think so .
You gotta look a little closer than a singed pair of tightie - whities if you want to know why President Obama is going to kill more people in Yemen .
I have .
Take a look .
The other day I wrote about President Obama ’s attempt to assassinate a witness in Yemen as well as the IMF and World Bank connections related to that nation as the probable reason the US feels compelled to invade .
The premise was , that with all the free - market “ reforms ” being forced on the people of Yemen by these privately owned international banking institutions , the poor of that nation were rising up against the corrupt government and it looks like without our help , there will be a regime change .
I wrote about the involvement of the Kuwait Energy company and their connections with the World Bank as it relates to the multiple ongoing oil and LNG pipelines running throughout the country .
Basically , I estimated based on information from the websites and publications from the World Bank , IMF , and Kuwait Energy websites that there was about a quarter of a billion dollars at stake and that it was that money that was the reason President Obama chose to attack the people of Yemen .
Once again , Obama and his administration are serving the bank ’s interests first .
Well , hold onto your hats folks … I was wrong .
Yes , you heard that right .
Scott Creighton ( willyloman ) is admitting he was wrong .
My research was incomplete and I missed the mark by quite a bit .
Instead of having a quarter of a billion dollars of foreign investment on the line … it ’s more like 5 billion dollars .
Yemen ’s foreign debt has increased from $ 8.9 million to $ 5.9 billion since July 2009 , according to the report on banking and currency developments issued by the Yemen Central Bank .
The IFC ’s institutions topped Yemen creditors , with Yemen owing them about $ 3 billion , including $ 2.2 billion for the International Development Foundation .
The rest of the debt was for the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development , the International Fund for Agriculture Development IFAD , the Islamic Development Bank , the International Monetary Fund , the OPEC and the EU .
Yemen ’s debt for the Paris Club Members came second by about $ 1.8 billion , with $ 1.3 billion in Russian loans .
Many outstanding loans come from Japanese , U.S. , French , Italian , Spanish , Danish , Dutch and German sources .
The country ’s debt for other creditors came in the third place with Yemen owing Saudi , Kuwaiti , Chinese , Algerian , Korean , Polish and Iraqi funds about $ 836 million .
The debt for unidentified sources reached $ 195.7 million by July .
YOB Sept. 2009 < http://www.yobserver.com/business-and-economy/10017297.html>
Since July of 2009 , money has been pouring into Yemen fast and furious ; money that may never be recovered were there to be a revolution and subsequent regime change in that nation .
President Obama can’t allow that to happen .
But how is he going to go to the American people and tell them that foreign investors and international banks are worried about their billions in investments in the “ reforms ” of Yemen ’s socioeconomic system ?
That would n’t be an easy sell to a post TARP Bill nation now would it ?
Enter Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab and his ridiculous “ underwear bomb ” .
Now , all this time after the terrorist attack on Flight 253 ( and I will call it that because whether it was done by one “ lone gunman ” or the state , it ’s still an attempt to effect change through the use of fear so it is terrorism ) what do we really know about Abdulmutallab ?
Well , we have been told by an agency that has lied to us many , many times that he has “ confessed ” to the attack because he was “ radicalized ” and that he received help from terrorists in Yemen .
All too convenient of a story is n’t it ?
Billions on the line in Yemen , Obama tries to assassinated a guy there killing scores of innocent people instead , and ALL OF A SUDDEN we have this guy coming out of the woodwork with his silly “ underwear bomb ” .
After scouring though all his emails ( I told you they keep every single comment and email forever ) the only “ radical ” thing the media can say about him … is he ’s lonely .
Imaging that ; a lonely student .
Well , what is n’t the MSM and President Obama telling you about Abdulmutallab that is relevant to the story ?
Let me fill in some blanks .
1. The Underwear Bomber ’s IMF and World Bank indebted Father
Abdulmutallab ’s father is indeed a banker just as the MSM has said .
The interesting thing is , he ’s not JUST a banker , he is THE banker in Nigeria .
According to a recent Times story , Abdulmutallab ’s father , Umaru Mutallab is one of the wealthiest men in Africa < http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and_americas/article6969075.ece>
; that says a lot in a continent as corrupt as Africa .
In Nigeria , the nation Umaru Mutallab lives in , according to the World Bank , 53 % of the population lives on less than $ 1 per day .
Abject poverty is rampant in Nigeria and so are human rights violations .
Kinda has to be that way to keep the super wealthy in control of the population .
On February 25 , police killed approximately 50 persons , burned nearly 100 homes , and destroyed more than 150 market stalls in Ogaminana , just outside Okene , Adavi local government area , Kogi State .
On November 27 , in Jos , ethno- religious violence erupted during the vote tabulation for the Jos North Local Government Area elections resulting in the deaths of approximately 300 persons .
Credible reports indicate the police and military used lethal force during attempts to quell the violence , killing approximately 100 civilians .
Police officers were not held accountable for excessive or deadly force or for the deaths of persons in custody .
Police generally operated with impunity in the apprehension , illegal detention , and sometimes execution of criminal suspects .
2008 US State Deptment Report on Human Rights Violations in Nigeria < http://www.state.gov/g/drl/rls/hrrpt/2008/af/119018.htm>
How did Abdulmutallab ’s father become so wealthy in the first place ?
Umaru Mutallab was the Nigerian Minister of Economic Development in 1975 .
He then spent a decade as the Managing Director and CEO of United Bank for Africa .
For the last ten years , Umaru has been the chairman of the First Bank of Nigeria .
So , Abdulmutallab ’s father was instrumental through his government position in facilitating the World Bank and IMF ’s entrance into the Nigerian economic system .
He then goes on to head up several banks making himself filthy rich while the vast majority of Nigeria is impoverished to unprecedented degrees all the time and kept in check by ruthless police and military oppression .
That ’s the “ underwear bomber ’s ” “ banker ” father ; a corrupt Nigerian banker with excessive connections to the IMF and the World Bank and who OWES everything he has to them .
So far what we know about Daddy Warbucks is this ; he went to the State Department ( U.S. Embassy ) < http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/12/27/AR2009122700279.html>
and then he went to the CIA offices in Nigeria < http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/6909184/Detroit-terror-attack-CIA-had-report-on-suspect-five-weeks-before-bomb.html>
supposedly to “ warn ” them about his “ radicalized ” son .
Yet , no emails or web comments appear to make Abdulmutallab look very radical .
So why was Daddy Warbucks with his deep IMF and World Bank connections really meeting with the State Department ( US Embassy ) and CIA ?
Why is it that after the supposed “ warnings ” Abdulmutallab was STILL able to get on that flight with all the warning signs and red flags ?
Hmm ?
When Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab ’s father in Nigeria reported concern over his son’s “ radicalization ” to the U.S. Embassy there last month ( Nov. 19th ) , intelligence officials in the United States deemed the information insufficient to pursue .
Washington Post < http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/12/27/AR2009122700279.html>
Abdulmutallab ’s father Alhaji Uma Abdulmutallab , a prominent banker , was said to have had one face - to - face meeting with a CIA official in Nigeria ( just 5 weeks ago ) and several contacts by telephone .
Telegraph < http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/6909184/Detroit-terror-attack-CIA-had-report-on-suspect-five-weeks-before-bomb.html>
2. The Underwear Bombers Mother
Abdulmutallab ’s mother is n’t talked about much .
Ever wonder why that is ?
Well , I ’ll tell you ; it ’s because she is from Yemen .
That ’s right .
Yes , Abdulmutallab went to Yemen .
But is it possible he went to visit his mother or other relatives there and NOT “ al - Qaeda ” operatives ?
It ’s hard to figure out , because everything about his mother is being scrubbed up on the net .
Very little is being said about her and who she is .
But this much I know , she is from Yemen and may live there , or may not .
I will continue looking into it .
Now , here is what we have learned ;
Yemen increased its national debt to the tune of 5 billion dollars from July to September of this year ( they may have borrowed more since Sept ) .
The IMF , World Bank , and Paris Club members are on the hook for that money if the revolution in Yemen is successful .
A World Bank and IMF indebted super wealthy “ free - market ” reformer in Nigeria goes to the State Department and then to the CIA in Nigeria to talk about his son .
That same son , for reasons unknown decides “ out of the blue ” to sit on a small amount of explosives in a plane in Detroit .
The CIA somehow misses the warning signs .
The FBI announces immediately that the son “ confessed ’ that it was all Yemen ’s fault .
After the attack , all the banking controlled congressmen and the Obama administration announce we will attack “ the terrorists ” in Yemen and thus help “ stabilize ” the current corrupt government of that nation .
Now , one more thing … this one is funny actually that no one else caught it .
Daddy Warbucks , Umaru Mutallab ( remember , one of the wealthiest men in Africa , banker extraordinaire ) played a major role in introducing Islamic banking < http://willyloman.wordpress.com/wiki/Islamic_banking> into Nigeria .
Islamic Banking is represented and organized globally by what is called the Islamic Development Bank < http://willyloman.wordpress.com/2009/12/30/billions-in-recent-yememi-investments-and-the-underwear-bombers-daddy-its-a-small-world-aint-it/Islamic%20Development%20Bank> which is deeply involved with Nigeria now < http://www.isdb.org/irj/portal/anonymous/idb_search_en?SearchType=quick> ( thanks in part to Umaru Mutallab ) mainly through a bank called Jaiz Bank .
Umaru Mutallab sits on the board of Jaiz Bank and is in fact it ’s chairman < http://jaizinternationalplc.com/board_of_directors_management_staff.html> .
This year , however , should see the launch of Nigeria ’s first Islamic bank .
A holding company called Jaiz International , has been set up in the country to launch what will eventually be called Jaiz Bank International .
It is being supported in its endeavours by the Islamic Development Bank ( IDB ) , which is helping to ensure that the launch of Jaiz is a success and that the bank complies with international banking regulations and Nigerian laws .
All Business 2007 < http://www.allbusiness.com/trade-development/trade-development-finance-banks/8901825-1.html>
Well look at that .
Jaiz Bank , headed up by the “ underwear bombers ’ father is in fact supported financially by the Islamic Development Bank ( IDB ) .
Now remember what I first put up in this article , the IDB is also heavily invested in the neoliberal reforms of Yemen ’s economy which are at this very moment , under serious risk of the ongoing revolution in that country .
Daddy Warbucks , whose banking ties are under threat of serious set - backs , goes to the State Department and then the CIA and all of a sudden his lonely , college drop - out , populist son , ends up getting on a flight and setting his nuts on fire and the good - old U.S. of A can now come running in to the rescue to save all those precious investments in Yemen that are directly tied to , you guessed it , the underwear bomber ’s daddy .
A small world , ai n’t it ?
I hope that clears things up a little bit .
Either that or they just “ hate us for our freedom ” .
Take your pick .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Conspireality , Current Events , Previously Published
Tags : Detroit bombers father is banker , Yemen connection to Detroit bomber .
Xbox owners may want to consider a hard drive upgrade if they wish to play Square Enix ’s latest in the Final Fantasy series with minimum loading and pop-ins .
XIII , between its three discs , is reported to take up 18.3 GB of space on the HDD .
Split evenly between Disc One ( 5.9GB ) , Disc Two ( 5.8GB ) , and Disc Three ( 6.6GB ) , the massive amount of storage required is presumably to assure a similar level of quality between it and the PS3 version , whose blu - ray discs are able to store multiple times the amount of DVDs .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The Federal Reserve surprised financial markets Thursday by lifting the lending rate it charges banks , one of the most potent signs yet that the central bank is focused on dismantling the emergency policies crafted to battle the financial crisis .
In a statement shortly after the stock market closed , the Fed said it would raise its discount , or primary credit rate , to 0.75 % from 0.5 % effective on Friday .
At the same time , however , the Fed sought to counter the impression that its decision indicates an imminent tightening of its target interest rate , saying .
" The modifications are not expected to lead to tighter financial conditions for households and businesses and do not signal any change in the outlook for the economy or for monetary policy . "
That did n't stop a sharp reaction in financial markets .
The dollar spiked and stocks retreated in after - hours trading .
In fixed - income markets , Treasury prices fell and yields jumped .
Although analysts had said a discount - rate increase was in the offing soon , most Fed watchers were n't expecting such a move this early .
Just last week , Ben Bernanke signaled that the Fed was mulling the increase .
As a result , experts tended to think it would come at the next meeting , in March , of the central bank 's rate - setting Federal Open Market Committee .
Thursday 's action suggests a new sense of urgency on the part of the key panel 's officials .
The Fed has gone to great pains to describe the move as a mere technicality .
In its statement that was made public 30 minutes after the markets closed , the Fed reiterated its view that " economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period . "
In a speech on Thursday night , Dennis Lockhart , the president of the Atlanta Federal Reserve bank , said he was worried the recovery may sputter and the unemployment rate may remain stubbornly high .
The current ultra -low stance of interest rates " is necessary to support a recovery that in is in an early stage , and , in my view , still fragile , " Lockhart said .
Analysts agreed that while symbolically significant , raising the discount rate is isolated from a broader tightening of policy .
In another sign it wants banks to rely on private capital , the Fed also said the maximum maturity for discount window loans will be shortened to overnight instead of today 's lax policy of as much as 90 days .
That change will take effect on March 18 .
During the financial crisis , the Fed lowered the discount rate to get banks to tap into its aid because there was nowhere else for them to get funds .
Banks were not lending to each other because there was no trust in their balance sheets .
No one knew where there might be further losses from the collapse of the real estate bubble and complex derivatives tied to subprime mortgages .
The Fed said the discount rate hike was the culmination of several recent steps to phase out its emergency lending programs put in place during the financial crisis .
The Fed let several of these facilities expire on Feb .
1 .
Lending at the discount rate window has declined sharply since the peak of the crisis in October 2008 .
The Fed reported that outstanding discount window loans totaled $ 14.16 billion on Wednesday , down from $ 51.7 billion a year ago and about $ 111 billion in October 2008 .
Fed watchers believe that there has to be a tangible improvement in the labor market before the Fed would pull the trigger in raising the fed funds rate , a vastly more influential policy lever .
The rough consensus is that the Fed may make the such first rate hike in October , although many see virtually no chance of an increase this year .
" The move itself by the Fed does not mean that the Fed is ready to hike rates or has a set time for such a move , but it does mean that the Fed is preparing the way , " said Robert Brusca , chief financial economist at FAO Economics .
" With this shift ... the Fed will be able to monitor markets and see if they are back to what it would regard as normal functioning .
This is very much a move to prepare markets and to test markets to see if they are ready to absorb a rate increase by putting the Fed 's lending vehicles back in a normal configuration , " Brusca said .
The change in the discount rate was approved by the Fed board of governors on requests from all 12 district bank boards .
Former Fed governor Laurence Meyer drew attention to the possibility of a discount - rate increase early this year .
Meyer said
Fed officials were unhappy that banks were engaging in a carry - trade , or borrowing from the Fed at ultra- low levels and then reinvesting the money elsewhere at a higher rate of return .
As a result of the Fed 's hike , the spread between the target federal funds rate and the discount rate widened to 50 basis points from 25 basis points .
Prior to the financial crisis , that spread had been 100 basis points .
A hundred basis points equal 1 percentage point .
The Fed said it will " assess over time " whether further increases in the spread are appropriate .
Update : Fox News fixed its article sometime early Tuesday morning , but added no correction .
Many conservative blogs and websites are still spreading the bogus version ( including a new article posted at Breitbart ’s Big Government , “ The O’Keefe Affair : Obviously a Media Malfunction . ” )
“ And why behold you the mote that is in your brother ’s eye , but consider not the beam that is in your own eye ? ” Matthew 7:3 states .
ADVERTISEMENT
Andrew Breitbart ’s Big Journalism website has spent the last few days cataloging alleged “ journalism malpractice ” committed by the media in reporting on the arrest of star contributor James O’Keefe and three conservative colleagues for attempting to “ interfere ” with the telephone system in a Democratic senator ’s office .
But a Fox News article linked on the site Monday night distorts the latest facts in order to pad a conspiracy theory that Breitbart alleged earlier in the day .
And a growing pool of right - leaning bloggers have also glommed onto the false narrative .
Breitbart websites Big Journalism and Big Government link to an article credited only to FoxNews.com .
“ The same day the man who first published James O’Keefe ’s explosive videos exposing wrongdoing at community organizer ACORN came to his defense Monday , claiming the conservative filmmaker ‘ sat in jail for 28 hours without access to an attorney ’ while the prosecutor made his case to the media , the U.S. attorney involved stepped down , ” the Fox News story incorrectly reports .
O’Keefe , accused of trying to tamper with the phones of Louisiana Sen .
Mary Landrieu , was “ framed ” by the media and the U.S. attorney ’s office , Andrew Breitbart , publisher of BigGovernment.com , told Fox News Monday .
Hours later , Jim Letten , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana , recused himself from the case .
The Department of Justice announced the change in a news release Monday night , but did not say why Letten wanted off the case .
However , a report in Tuesday ’s edition of The Times Picayune reveals that Letten recused himself a week before Breitbart made his accusations .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ U.S. Attorney Jim Letten last week decided to remove himself from the prosecution of four young men arrested for trying to tamper with the phones in U.S. Sen .
Mary Landrieu ’s New Orleans office , ” Laura Maggi reports in the article posted at Nola.com .
Maggi ’s article continues , “ According to a brief news release sent to reporters on Monday evening , Letten decided to recuse himself from the investigation and ‘ potential prosecution ’ of the men because of ‘ various relevant factors . ’
These factors , which the release stated were discussed with officials at the U.S. Department of Justice , are not named . ”
“ The recusal decision came the day after the men were arrested last week and the same day they were released from custody , according to the news release , ” Maggi adds .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Fox News article added ,
Jan Maselli Mann , the first assistant U.S. District Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana , declined to talk about specifics of the case , but said there were are no ulterior motives with their case .
“ We do n’t try cases in the press , ” Mann told FoxNews.com .
“ The U.S. Attorney ’s Office is motivated by nothing more than what we believe is to mandate and enforce the existing laws that were put in place to ensure the safety and security of federal buildings . ”
TPM Muckraker ’s Justin Elliott reports ,
ADVERTISEMENT
Breitbart complained that after the news of the arrests broke last Tuesday , O’Keefe ’s attorney and Breitbart himself were being called by the media but they could not locate O’Keefe — “ and that ’s because he was sitting in jail without access to an attorney , ” Breitbart said .
He accused the U.S. attorney of leaking information to the media in a “ concerted effort ” to frame the episode in a way that would put O’Keefe in a bad position . ….
Interviewed by TPMmuckraker this afternoon , Jan Mann , first assistant U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Louisiana , said : “ The suggestion that he makes about the motivations of our office are untrue .
We ’re not going to try this case in the press .
But we deny the accusations about our office . ”
Mann declined to comment on the claim that O’Keefe was denied access to a lawyer .
At the time of publication , blogs such as My Pet Jawa , Hot Air , The Daily Caller , Fire Andrea Mitchell and Another Black Conservative were all sporting posts with links to the bogus Fox News report .
On Monday RAW STORY reported that O’Keefe , and Andrew Breitbart ’s website Big Government , are cherry - picking news reports to “ prove ” their case in the media .
An examination of the facts reveals that O’Keefe ’s statement depends on the same reporter that it later damns for committing “ journalistic malpractice . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Conservatives have a long history of bashing the mainstream press , and sometimes they rely on mainstream press accounts to bash other mainstream press accounts .
“ The government has now confirmed what has always been clear :
No one tried to wiretap or bug Senator Landrieu ’s office , ” O’Keefe wrote in his statement of denial posted last Friday .
In addition , multiple requests for retractions at Breitbart ’s Big Journalism website claim that “ a law enforcement official has conceded that the four men were not attempting to wiretap or intercept calls . ”
But that confirmation only came from an unnamed law official in an MSNBC post written by NBC’s Pete Williams , the same reporter responsible for , as O’Keefe put it , “ falsely claim[ing ] that I violated a non-existent ‘ gag order . ’ ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ While attorneys typically advise clients after their arrest to keep quiet , Michael Madigan , the Washington attorney representing O’Keefe , said in an e-mail message Friday that the statement ‘ was necessary due to the massive misreporting ’ of the incident . ”
Notably , as Media Matters points out , O’Keefe and Big Government , who has been compiling a list of media outlets that owe apologies and / or retractions , are ignoring conservative outlets like The New York Post and The Corner who committed similar “ journalistic malpractice . ”
TEA -LEVISION
“ Tea Party TV ” is here , a product of the clever journalists at Pajamas Media .
But could showbiz veneer mar the homegrown quality of the “ tea party , ” a network of fierce grass - roots groups that take pride in their independent , down - home strengths ?
The new program airs online twice a week , hosted by “ Instapundit ” Glenn Reynolds and analyst Alfonzo Rachel ; the inaugural episode ( see it here : www.pjtv.com) showcases the recent National Tea Party Convention .
“ The tea -party movement is n’t going away .
The anger and frustration felt by voters are real , and as a news organization , we plan to cover that frustration as it continues to fester and grow , ” says Roger L. Simon , chief executive of Pajamas Media .
Executive producer Owen Brennan describes the show as “ a one - stop shop for those who want to learn about the issues , the leaders , the individual activists in each state , the candidates and the movement . ”
Judson Phillips , who organized the aforementioned convention , is not worried about increased attention or media packaging .
“ The PJTV folks are a good group .
I do n’t think their coverage will take away from the tea -party movement .
We live in a media age , and you will find this on TV or the Internet , ” he tells Inside the Beltway .
“ The networks do n’t understand this movement , so they could never do anything that would really work . ”
He has his own surprise .
“ President Obama told Americans not to go to Las Vegas , so that is exactly where we will be holding our next event , ” he adds .
“ We ’re pleased to announce the National Tea Party Unity Convention will be held in Vegas July 15th through 17th . ”
Mr. Judson reveals another dimension that surely will galvanize public curiosity .
“ We ’ll also be presenting the first Tea Party Nation Conservative Film Festival , ” he says .
Celebrities ?
A red - white - and - blue carpet walk ?
Stay tuned .
A LITTLE DITTY
But it ’s not about Jack and Diane .
The notion that Hoosier rocker John Mellencamp should run for the seat to be vacated by Sen.
Evan Bayh , Indiana Democrat , is just 24 hours old but already has sparked a partisan skirmish , with Fox News in the middle .
“ Mellencamp , who established his political creds long ago with performances for ‘ Farm Aid ’ and many other political events could conceivably gather the necessary 4,500 signatures in the remaining 24 hours , if he were allowed to use the internet , ” proclaims Draft Mellencamp for Senate , a new Facebook page .
The page has accrued more than 1,000 members who think Mr. Mellencamp is a viable candidate .
But Fox News morning host Steve Doocy is wary of it all , suggesting the singer “ certainly is liberal ” and “ way over there , ” as in tacking far left .
This in turn vexed David Edwards of Rawstory .com , who accused Fox of staging “ a pre-emptive strike ” against Mr. Mellencamp .
“ The rocker behind Farm Aid is evidently too subversive for the gang at ‘ Fox and Friends . ’ “ , Mr. Edwards observes .
FRIENDS OF SARAH
Two gentlemen of note do n’t hide their approval of Sarah Palin .
Prior to his keynote speech Thursday to the Conservative Political Action Conference , Florida Republican Senate candidate Marco Rubio praised the former Alaska governor as a dynamic force for the party .
“ I think she is an important voice in the party and brought energy and enthusiasm to the center - right movement .
Lots of disenchanted voters have found in her a voice for their feelings , ” Mr. Rubio told friend - of - Beltway and ace Washington Times political reporter Ralph Z. Hallow , who incidentally sits just a cubicle away .
As a delicate side note , the Beltway recalls that Mrs. Palin recently turned down an offer to address the CPAC .
They like her anyway .
“ My opinion of Sarah Palin has always been very high , ” American Conservative Union and CPAC Chairman David Keene told LaDonna Hale Curzon , host of Sarah Palin Radio , an online channel .
UPPING THE ANTE
They ’re watching : After suggesting Iran was becoming a “ military dictatorship , ” Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton drew quick criticism from that nation ’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
She had “ spread lies against Iran , ” he said .
Did she ?
Here ’s how Mrs. Clinton framed it to Cyba Audi , a correspondent with Dubai - based Al Aribaya television .
“ Some observers feel your comments , especially about Iran moving closer to a military dictatorship , may be some form of verbal escalation .
Is it ? ” Ms. Audi asked .
“ No , it ’s an - in my view - an explanation .
People say to me all the time , what happened to Iran ?
I mean , we have n’t had good relations with them for 30 years and they have obviously not been willing to change their views toward us , ” Mrs. Clinton replied .
“ But when President Obama came in , he was very clear that he wanted to engage , and that ’s what he ’s been trying to do - reaching out to the Iranian people , reaching out to the Iranian leadership .
And you have to ask yourself , why , when so many experts thought that there would be a positive response to President Obama ’s outreach , has there not ? ”
POLL DU JOUR
c 43 percent of U.S. voters say President Obama has “ not been aggressive enough ” in supporting those who want to reform Iran ’s extremist government .
• 72 percent of Republicans and 45 percent of unaffiliated voters agree .
• 67 percent of Democrats say Mr. Obama ’s response has been “ about right . ”
• 29 percent of voters overall say the U.S. should take action alone against Iran .
• 46 percent of Republicans agree .
• 61 percent of Democrats oppose the U.S. acting alone .
Source : A Rasmussen Reports survey of 1,000 likely voters conducted Feb. 13 to 14 .
• Hue and cry , press releases , little ditties to jharper@ washingtontimes .com
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Steve Nash HC • BKN
On Steve Nash privilege hiring , Silver says ca n’t “ dictate ” who they should or should n’t hire or fire regarding diver @NYPost_Berman
Anthony Davis PF • LAL Keeps Adebayo in help ( where he 's most destructive ) and potentially out of foul trouble , which was a big Jokic problem in the @anthony Vslater
Jae Crowder SF • MIA
Shoutout everyone who bet Jae Crowder first basket 💰
He was +1200 @br_betting
Jae Crowder SF • MIA
Bam then missed a jumper in the paint on the other end as the action gets going in Game 1 of this enticing NBA Finals matchup @ LakersReporter
Dwight Howard C • LAL Dwight Howard starting at center for Game 1 of Finals @BA_Turner
Kyle Lowry PG • TOR Kyle Lowry being the last face before MJ in the Finals montage >>>>>>>>>>>>
@vivekmjacob
Kyle Lowry PG • TOR Kyle Lowry made the ABC #NBAFinals hype montage and I got goosebumps @jeskeets
Dwight Howard C • LAL
Too often in the Playoffs teams wait for a loss to make a change they know they should make @ SethPartnow
Bam Adebayo PF • MIA Bam Adebayo is averaging points , rebounds , and assists during this year 's playoffs .
@bball_ref
Reggie Jackson PG • LAC
Just made me realize that the biggest downside to the Clippers not making The Finals is there 's no chance for Reggie Jackson @johnschuhmann
Anthony Davis PF • LAL Anthony Davis ’ Kobe 5s for Game 1 of the #NBAFinals @ NickDePaula
Why am I not surprised ?
But what I really want to know is whether Trig has state health benefits .
The last time we heard , he did n't because his birth certificate had not been sent to the relevant state agency over a month after the Palins claim he was born .
Palin herself , of course , has publicly said that Trig 's birth certificate had been publicly released :
Hey , you know , that ’s a great point , in that weird conspiracy - theory freaky thing that people talk about that Trig is n’t my real son .
And a lot of people say , “ Well you need to produce his birth certificate !
You need to prove that he ’s your kid ! ”
Which we have done .
This , of course , was another simple lie .
And no one in the MSM ever pointed it out .
Because most of their balls were surgically removed a very long time ago .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
By Carlos Fonseca Terán , deputy secretary of the International Relations Department of the Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) .
First published in Correo de Nicaragua , No. 7 , diciembre 2009 - - enero 2010 , Managua .
Translated by Felipe Stuart Cournoyer and Kiraz Janicke for Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal .
There will always be ample excuses not to struggle at all times and under all circumstances , but that is the only way to never win freedom .
-- Fidel Castro . [ 1 ]
… People who pronounce themselves in favour of the method of legislative reform in place and in contradistinction to the conquest of political power and social revolution , do not really choose a more tranquil , calmer and slower road to the same goal , but a different goal .
Instead of taking a stand for the establishment of a new society they take a stand for surface modifications of the old society .
-- Rosa Luxemburg . [ 2 ]
Arise the poor of the world , rise up slaves without bread , Let ’s all rise up to cry : VIVA LA INTERNACIONAL !
So begins the Latin American version of the hymn sung by revolutionaries of the world throughout history .
It is the anthem of the International , written while the organisation was still taking its first steps .
Over and over again since 1864 it pledged to convoke a united and organised struggle by the revolutionaries of the world , carrying out the call first made by Karl Marx and Frederick Engels in the Communist Manifesto : Workers of all countries unite !
A little over ten years ago , walking down a Managua street , I noticed on a large wall a sign in huge black letters with the famous phrase launched in 1848 by the first two great maestros of the revolutionary movement , but with an appendix inscribed in brackets : “ Final Warning . ”
Indeed , this is the last opportunity for the proletariat ( or what is the same , the lower classes ) to free ourselves from the exploitation that determines our existence as an oppressed class , but also to assure the survival of the human species , because under the conditions of capitalism it is not possible to resolve the ecological crisis that has pushed humanity to the brink .
Certainly whatever doubts honest sectors of the world community may have had about this issue got buried under Copenhagen snow following the agreement imposed dictatorially by the industrialised countries ( themselves responsible for the environmental crisis ) – an agreement to limit global warming increase to a mere 2 % !
It is hard to believe , even for people who clearly grasp that it is impossible to solve this crisis using the very same rules of the system that has engendered it .
It ’s a system based on the accumulation and concentration of wealth , and not on satisfying the need to accumulate and to concentrate wealth – not to meet the needs of the population .
It ’s hard to believe , because the signatories of the agreement are well aware that even a 2 % rise in global warming will open the doors to an unprecedented catastrophe for the planet .
They also know that to reverse the current climate change we have to change the system .
As stupid as it may be , they prefer to put humanity at risk ( themselves included , obviously ) rather than to change the system that gives them privileges without which life would be no fun for them .
That is where such stupidity starts to make sense : it is in their class interest .
As Lenin said , “ There is a well - known saying that if geometric axioms affected men ’s interests , certainly someone would refute them . ” [ 3 ]
It could be added ( in the secular view of this Lenin fan ) that if those interests were of the dominant classes , most people would take the refutation for the absolute truth .
Characteristics of today ’s world
The world today has three characteristics that should be noted here .
First , distances have disappeared thanks to current communications technology that emerged as part of what is known as the electronic revolution .
It is now easier than ever to say ( and it is politically suicidal not to ) and do things globally , because of the ease with which one can communicate with people no matter their location .
Second , stemming from the first point is the dramatic reduction in the number of people required to carry out an increasing amount of productive work in the area of the general economy and in the bureaucracy .
This entails a crisis of labour relations in terms of wages and therefore economic intermediation .
This is carried out through the property owners ’ power and control of all types ( including the state , but only as owner of means of production and not in its role as machinery for political domination ) over the worker who directly produces and creates material goods and wealth .
Political intermediation ( the democratic representative system ) carried out by elected authorities has also entered into crisis , as is shown in the way power is wielded .
In this system , intermediation occurs between the represented sovereign and the decisions that as such correspond to it .
The conflict emerges from the combination of the new reality stemming from the flow of communications and information on the one hand and the economic crisis of intermediation on the other : the transformation of the predominance of finance capital over industrial capital ( identified by Lenin as the imperialist stage of capitalist development , now called globalisation ) .
That is , the replacement of production of material goods by financial speculation as the main way to create wealth .
Globalisation is a new stage of capitalist development in its imperialist phase .
It is shaped by the pressure financial capital flows exert detrimentally on material production in the economy .
Nevertheless , in a contradictory way , that production by its very nature continues to be the fundamental basis for the existence and development of human society .
This stage is characterised by elimination of tariff barriers to allow the free flow of goods to promote the development of a tendency towards equilibrium .
However , that will never happen because the technology has put its creators to work for it , becoming a source of capitalist accumulation between goods produced and money without material backing ( since the beginning of the seventies when the U.S.A. eliminated the gold standard as the support for the dollar ) .
Thus a new major contradiction in capitalism emerged between the nature of material production as the basis for social development and financial speculation as the main way to create wealth ( the specific contradiction of globalisation ) .
It is terminal in character [ 4 ] and is manifested in the current crisis , along with the rest of the system ’s contradictions .
The principal and critical contradiction is between the social character of production and the private nature of its appropriation .
The critical contradiction of imperialism itself is between the national character of the concentration of wealth and the global nature of its material production and creation in general , and of the economic activity that makes it possible .
On top of that is a longer range , terminal contradiction in capitalism : between limited resources and unlimited material accumulation inherent in the system .
The latter has become the objective with which needs are met , rather than the opposite : that the satisfaction of needs is the objective ( and therefore the limit ) of accumulation .
A third feature , stemming from the above , finds the capitalist system going through a crisis whose main expressions are economic and financial , impacting on every country in the world .
The crisis is worldwide , just as is the system that engendered it .
Feudal relations of production were unable to develop the productive potential that surged from the industrial revolution and expelled a large amount of the labour force from economic life ( and therefore life itself ) .
A capitalist mode of production replaced those feudal relations , but now capitalism finds itself unable to jump - start the productive potential unleashed by the ongoing electronic revolution that has also expelled a huge workforce from the formal economy .
Only socialism can resolve the current crisis because , by its very nature it is based on the social ownership of the means of production .
That makes it possible for labour outside the system to be productively put into operation , not to fuel irrational economic development that has subordinated human nature , social existence to the necessities of this predatory model .
Rather , social ownership enables these new actors to exercise as economic subjects their direct rights over social property , over the means of production .
By the same token , citizens , as the new social subjects , will begin to exercise power directly in a socialism that will emerge from the new revolutionary era , without political intermediation to manipulate their will and their power .
In synthesis , the world today is undergoing a technological revolution ( the electronic revolution ) of equal importance to that of the industrial revolution .
This new revolution involves the disappearance of intermediation as a means of exercising political and economic power .
It also creates a globalised world composed of interconnected individuals ; and a global systemic crisis that demands a worldwide revolutionary response of equal force and scope .
Hence the need to organise the Fifth International to bring together the political and social organisations whose raison d'être is the revolutionary transformation of society through the replacement of capitalism by socialism .
Ever since Lenin it has been known that revolution comes about when people fight for it .
It becomes possible to the extent that struggle creates , develops , and identifies the conditions that make victory possible .
Making the revolution is a duty
Struggle transforms the revolution from an opportunity into a duty , as argued in the Second Declaration of Havana .
It insists that the duty of all revolutionaries is to make the revolution . [ 5 ]
Now , without any doubt at all , is the time to make revolution .
There ’s no point in asking whether or not it is a duty .
It is on today ’s agenda .
The capitalist model is in crisis .
The goal of the revolution is to replace it with a socialist model .
Moreover , power would be meaningless to a revolutionary movement if it were not used for making revolution .
Power is but an indispensable means to accomplish that .
Taking power can only be justified for that end .
Power emerged as a means for oppression .
That corresponds to its very nature , so it is as indispensable as it is undesirable for the purpose of any revolutionary movement .
Why is that so ?
If power is exercised without making the revolution , frustration arises as a result of the expectations aroused , creating confusion and a collapse of mass consciousness .
Revolutionaries become divided over the issue of pursuing a course that corresponds to a revolutionary program .
Some agree and others oppose this flux .
Even more so , it would not make sense to exercise power in a time of crisis in the system , if not to replace it with another .
Otherwise , it would correspond to the revolutionaries to resolve the crisis for the system and pay the price .
No one would even thank us for acting in that way .
The crisis must be resolved , but against the system .
For the left the crisis can only be resolved in a revolutionary way .
The Bolivarian Revolution is the best example of what can be done when having only the government as the main institutional political expression of power .
This occurred early in the initiating and re-vitalising process of the Latin American revolutionary renaissance that has made this part of the planet the first line of fire for the world revolution .
Socialists of the world : unite !
Confront the crisis of capitalism on a strategic level , and unleashing a worldwide revolutionary process cannot be done without close coordination to facilitate analysis and action among all revolutionary forces in the world , and that with a sense of commitment and discipline .
To advance along this path and therefore continue the revolutionary offensive -- intensifying it , spreading what is happening in some parts of Latin America to the rest of the continent and of the world -- is only possible by thinking globally and acting locally ( as the alternative world slogan says ) , because then everyone will act in the same direction as others at a global level .
If the problem is worldwide the solution likewise must be found by the global revolutionary movement .
This can only be done through a high level of articulation , unity in action , and discipline which only a global organisation of revolutionary parties can achieve .
This was the case in different historical stages , adopting at every turn the modalities each epoch has required .
Now the necessity for an International is more urgent than ever .
Hence , it is necessary to convene the Fifth International .
Substituting one utopia for another
The International has historically been known as a worldwide organisation bringing together diverse organic expressions of the revolutionary movement .
Its story began with the utopia that a society without inequality ( between exploited and exploiters ) would replace the utopia of a society without estate inequalities ( between noblemen and vassals ) .
The latter utopia had been frustrated by the social injustices that characterise capitalism .
The capitalist mode of production emerged because of the inability of feudal economic relations ( between landowners or feudal lords and the serfs who worked it for the right to cultivate for themselves a small plot owned by the lord ) to foster the development of the productive potential that emerged with the invention of machinery for mass , assembly line manufacture of products activated by non-human energy ( first steam and coal , then oil and its derivatives ) , in what became known as the Industrial Revolution .
Hence , capitalism was the socioeconomic and political reality that emerged from the historical necessity created by the industrial revolution .
In turn it gave rise to the emergence of ideas that justified the advent of this system , not by presenting it as it really would be , but as its first ideologues hoped it would be : a society in which liberty , justice , and prosperity would govern the lives of human beings , beginning with the free market .
At that time it was a revolutionary banner , given the existence of economic privileges ( defined by family lineage ) acquired through territorial wars that took place centuries ago .
The reality of capitalism meant that the libertarian and humanist ideal embodied in the French Revolution was assumed by a new revolutionary paradigm .
The ideological focus of liberty shifted to equality as a condition of that freedom .
It failed , however , to resolve the contradiction between the two .
This posed future strains on socialist ideology which replaced liberalism in the imaginary of the worldwide revolutionary struggle .
As a result a new revolutionary ideal should be considered that can overcome this contradiction , whether stemming from the social experiment that was underway before the Soviet crisis of the 1980s ( that made the corresponding model succumb to this contradiction ) or from a new attempt to implement , taking into account that failed experience , the theoretical principles that emerged from the evolution of revolutionary thought .
In both and all other possible cases , a new theory that responds to new realities is created , without de-linking from the indispensable former contributions , but rather basing itself on them .
The First International
The International has been , then , the global expression of revolutionary struggle ever since the socialist ideal of equality among human beings came about .
Its first version appeared in 1864 .
The Paris Commune was its main reference point – the first attempt at socialist revolution in history .
However , the events surrounding this historic event were actually poorly linked to the work of the International .
Its members were somewhat less influential than other revolutionaries at the forefront of this experience , but were not part of the International .
Karl Marx drew conclusions about the Commune that even modified in a decisive way his political theory .
Although he had said before the events that the armed uprising of the Paris workers ( which carried them to power for a little over two months ) would not turn out well , he concluded afterwards that the exploited classes should not just take over the bureaucratic machinery of the state to put it in their service , but had to destroy it and replace it with a new state suitable to their own social project , in accordance with their own class interests . [ 6 ]
This conclusion did not emerge from an analysis of the errors , but from what Marx considered the achievements of the Commune .
That is , he praised the communards ( whose leaders he disagreed with in many aspects ) while noting what he saw as their flaws -- instead of questioning them ( from the typical academic pedantry of many leftist intellectuals ) in order to affirm the validity of his own arguments .
Without overlooking their faults , he acknowledged that his prognosis was not well founded , affirming that the Commune did not fall for the reasons he had stated -- according to which it ought not to have succeeded in the first place .
He had , he affirmed , many more things to learn from the communards than things to teach them .
This can serve as a reference for those who , never having made 6a revolution or having given up , devote themselves to attacking , in the name of revolutionary ideas , those who do make them .
The discussion that arose over the failure of the Commune was precisely the key factor that led to the First International ’s dissolution in 1876 .
Officially named the International Workers Association , Karl Marx and Frederick Engels were its principal ideologists and leaders .
This was the International of the classical stage of capitalism , when free competition prevailed as the principle regulator of economic relations ; when the exploitation inherent to this system manifested its most blatant features , even in industrialised countries ( and principally in them ) , with fourteen - hour workdays for wages that only -- and with difficulty -- allowed for workers ’ physical survival .
The Second International
The Second International emerged in 1889 , co-founded by Frederick Engels and Karl Kautsky , among others .
Its official name was the Social Democratic International – which at that time was the political denomination of the revolutionary movement .
At the beginning of the twentieth century this International was incapable of either confronting or responding in a cohesive way to the emergence of imperialism ( characterised by Lenin as the highest stage of capitalism , a vision with which Augusto C. Sandino later identified [ 7 ] , and more specifically responding to the outbreak of the First World War as an expression of the new epoch .
The most influential parties within it opted for ideological capitulation to the system , supporting for electoral reasons their respective governments in the so called Great War .
The current reformist version of social democracy emerged at that point ( reformist in substituting system change as an objective for reform of the system )
Reformism ’s proponents first mooted this as a less abrupt and more viable means for changing the system , but then made in over into their goal , just as Lenin and Rosa Luxemburg , leading exponents of the revolutionary positions within this International , had predicted ) .
A controversy between reformists and revolutionaries emerged that is still ongoing today .
It is central to the ideological battle for the revolutionary transformation of society since the revolution as an ongoing process is always faced with situations that lead a part of the revolutionary movement to lower their banners in the face of the system .
They justify such conduct with the allegedly increased viability of a reformist path toward a permanent change in an uncertain future .
The change involved is neither initially nor ultimately a systemic change , but only a superficial one .
It does not eliminate the causes of social problems , but merely some of its most visible effects .
This only helps to prolong a system whose very existence causes the social problems in question .
It delays any generalised questioning of the system as a result of the diminution of the intolerable situation , but in the end altering enough lives so as to render untenable the existing order .
The Third International
Lenin and other committed revolutionaries of the era broke with the reformism that had finally imposed itself in the leadership of the social democratic movement .
The Third or Communist International was founded in 1919 , following the 1917 triumph in Russia of the first socialist revolution in history ( led by Lenin ) .
It took on the international defence of the Soviet Union and the organisation of revolutionary struggle for socialism in the world , under conditions framed by the establishment of the imperialist stage of capitalist development which transformed the social division between exploited human beings and exploiters in every country , within a global divide between exploiting and exploited countries .
The scenario of revolution switched over from the industrialised countries – whose working class receives benefits from the exploitation exercised by their countries over other countries – to the agrarian countries – where because of this , the popular classes suffer double exploitation : that exerted by the local exploiters and that exercised by the imperialist monopolies ( as Sandino expressed in his time ) . [ 8 ]
The Communist International had sent cadres to join the Army for the Defence of National Sovereignty of Nicaragua in the late twenties , and their presence became a factor that influenced the evolution of the thinking of the Nicaraguan revolutionary hero .
Among those cadres was the distinguished Farabundo Martí , personal secretary to Sandino , known worldwide as the general of free men .
The French Communist Henry Barbusse referred to Farabundo as one of the most outstanding leaders of the Third International .
The war then being waged in Nicaragua constituted one of the two historical acts that inaugurated the era of national liberation revolutions as a fundamental expression of the socialist revolution ( the other was the Chinese Revolution led by Mao Tse- tung , which was already underway then , finally triumphing in 1949 ) .
This flowed from the changing global revolutionary scenario as explained above .
Sandino appealed to the workers of Latin America to join the Latin American Union Confederation , a union arm in our continent of the Communist International ; and to assume as their own the resolutions of the Anti-Imperialist World Congress in Frankfurt , convened by the International . [ 9 ]
According to Ramón de Belausteguigoitia ’s narrative in his book With Sandino in Nicaragua , it was usual to hear the anthem of the International in the camps of the Army for the Defence of National Sovereignty of Nicaragua . [ 10 ]
At one point , as is known , these cadres separated from Sandino .
This took place a result of guidelines issued by the Mexican Communist Party in what was extremely sectarian behaviour .
Such guidelines were questioned within the International , despite the fact that the Mexican Communists believed they were complying with the new line existing in the world organisation .
It defined the strategy of class against class , meaning that the communist parties should break with everything that did not signify a commitment to socialism .
However , that commitment existed in Sandino who made it clear that he never had ideological disputes with his former comrades , in this case Farabundo Martí [ 11 ] .
Sandino clarified that he had always agreed with Martí ’s ideas [ 12 ] .
Sandino paid homage to him after his death in the peasant uprising in his country .
Walter Castillo , Sandino ’s grandson , recently unearthed photos of that event from oblivion .
He has published them in a recent book – El bandolerismo de Sandino en Nicaragua [ Sandino ’s Banditry in Nicaragua ] – edited by Augusto Nicolás Calderón Sandino Foundation , and that , ironically , Sandino himself asked to be published with that ironic title .
It is worth noting the fact that the triumph in China , the first socialist revolution after the Russian Revolution , did not occur until six years after the dissolution of the Communist ( Third ) International in 1943 .
Officially this action was deemed the product of the " maturity of the Communist parties , " but in reality it resulted from Stalin 's commitment to his capitalist allies against Nazi Germany in World War II .
The International was then replaced by a combination of the so - called community of socialist countries -- that largely emerged as a result of the Soviet Army ’s liberation of Eastern European countries from German occupation , of the global conferences of the Communist parties , and above all , of the Warsaw Pact ( a military alliance between the socialist countries of Europe , a counterpart to NATO ) .
Even earlier , the first socialist revolution in history triumphed when the International at the time ( the Second ) had disintegrated .
A few years after World War II , China ( before its break with the Soviet Union ) , Viet Nam , Laos , and Cuba joined the community of socialist countries .
Socialism did not reach those countries from abroad .
They came to socialism as a product of their own revolutionary processes , after the triumph of national liberation revolutions .
That was the case of North Korea , which nevertheless always had little international presence due to its philosophy of self - reliance , known as the Juche idea .
The Fourth International
The Fourth International was organised in 1938 , against the Third .
According to its organisers , the Fourth International stood in agreement with the line of the Third International up to [ and including ] the Fourth Congress which took place in 1922 .
Its founder , Leon Trotsky , argued that the Third International was no longer the organised expression of the world socialist revolution but had been converted into a bureaucratic apparatus in the service of Soviet diplomacy .
It was an expression of what he saw as the degeneration of the socialist revolution into a bureaucratic state in the Soviet Union .
Trotsky was the main leader of the insurrection through which the Bolsheviks – the communist faction led by Lenin – took power .
He was also head of External Relations for revolutionary Russia , and later founder and first chief the Red Guard , later called the Red Army , and ultimately the Soviet Army .
Following Trotsky ’s assassination and death in 1940 , his followers became characterised for their highly polemical behaviour which was to lead them to successive and endless internal divisions .
That approach was not unrelated to their view that the socialist revolution must be global or not at all .
As a consequence , this international organisation has not promoted a single revolution in any country , precisely because they did not conceive of it within national borders .
That stance led to inaction of its members .
The lack of revolutionary processes to promote and defend led to replacing practical tasks of the revolutionary struggle with excessive polemics , with ensuing sectarianism .
The lack of combining theory with practice has characterised this version of the International throughout its trajectory and is the origin of its divisiveness .
The fact that currently there are several global organisations -- all composed of parties which were always extremely small – who each consider itself to be the legitimate Fourth International proves this .
Moreover , these parties gear their political activity more to attacking and questioning emerging revolutionary processes than to combating the forces of reaction worldwide .
George Novack , in his article La Primera y Segunda Internacional says :
Trotsky once characterised the period of working - class activity covered by the First International as essentially an anticipation .
The Communist Manifesto , he said , was the theoretical anticipation of the modern labor movement .
The First International was the practical anticipation of the labor associations of the world .
The Paris Commune was the revolutionary anticipation of the dictatorship of the proletariat .
Lenin later characterized the Third International as the international of action which had begun to put into practice Marx ’s greatest slogan : the dictatorship of the proletariat .
The historical bridge between the International of anticipation and the International of action was the Second International .
This can be tersely characterized as the International of organization which raised broad masses of workers to their feet in a number of countries , organized them into trade unions and political labour parties , and prepared the soil for the independent mass labor movement . [ 13 ]
Following this logic , the Fourth International would be the International of criticism , because its foundation was the questioning ( independently of what had sucessfully been done ) the course ( certainly questionable ) of the construction of socialism in the Soviet Union following the untimely death of Lenin .
The Fifth International
The need – based on the above -- to establish a Fifth International must take into account the experience of previous versions of the global organisation of revolutionaries .
Alicia Sagra , in her book La Internacional , argues that the First International was a united front , the Second a federation of socialist parties , and the Third the world 's first revolutionary party , which reflected a new epoch , the imperialist epoch of the struggle for power , the era of the Socialist Revolution , and for this reason it not only had programmatic positions responding to that task , but also the operating system necessary for this : democratic centralism . [ 14 ]
In this regard , the Fourth International would be the first attempt ( though impotent and failed ) to retake the revolutionary path of this world party .
The First and the Second Internationals existed when Lenin still had not elaborated his theory of the actuality of the revolution , consisting of the theory of the revolutionary situation and the vanguard party .
Since then , Lenin ’s theory has been the ruling idea for the functioning of all the revolutionary organisations in the world ( at least those identified with Marxism - Leninism , which are obviously not the only ones that call themselves communist parties ; some of these organisations have had to apply the principles arising from the Leninist theory in various conditions that have demanded from them a high level of creativity and flexibility ) .
Lenin's theory of the vanguard party .
Lenin's theory of the vanguard party posits the need for a political organisation composed or led by ( depending on circumstances ) revolutionaries who make revolution their profession or trade ( full - time militants or political cadres -- as appropriate ) .
That flows from the necessity for this organisation to act in a permanent way , promoting revolutionary change when a revolutionary situation emerges or has been created ( where " those below do not want to " and " those above cannot " continue living as before , as Lenin would say ) . [ 15 ]
The revolutionary situation can arise spontaneously ( in which case the spontaneous nature of such a situation can be relative because it responds possibly to accumulated political and organisational work of the vanguard political organisation , or organised armed struggle undertaken to motivate a significant enough portion of society to fight against the system ) .
It can also occur as a result of the artificial acceleration by the vanguard of the social process leading to it , or can be entirely created by the vanguard when their actions and the context in which they are taken permit .
But the revolutionary situation will only turn to revolution if the vanguard takes on the responsibility to make it happen .
That corresponds well with the emphasis the classics of Marxism put on the subjective factor for social development , later often ignored by both revolutionary dogmatists and the ideologues of reaction .
Democratic centralism
The vanguard is the political organisation that acts as the engine of the revolution .
The scale of what it takes to make it succeed implies well - organised political action , for which discipline is a fundamental element .
From the Leninist theory of the vanguard party derives the conception of democratic centralism for the internal life of revolutionary political organisations .
Democratic centralism consists in collective work , decisions , and leadership : united leadership and decisions , individual responsibility ; election and recall of officials , with regular reports and accounting , hierarchical subordination ( of lower to higher bodies ) , the right to internal criticism , and the duty of self - criticism .
One of many anti-Leninist prejudices arising from the collapse suffered by the model known as “ real socialism , ” in its Soviet and European version , is to confuse the concept of a vanguard political organisation with sectarianism and dogmatism .
The two defects are present in many leftist organisations ( for reasons that go beyond the content of this article ) and have induced them to develop a cult of personality , authoritarianism , and a tendency to substitute for the popular classes in the revolutionary struggle or in the exercise of power , in the name of their best interests .
But the conception of the vanguard -- as detailed before -- arises from the uneven character of development in general .
It is philosophically explained by the dialectical law of the unity and struggle of opposites : the historical necessity of social change determines the existence of subject carriers of historically necessary changes .
These subjects reflect the reality to which they belong , but are in confrontation with it .
Having escaped the ideological hegemony exercised by the dominant social group , they are a minority that appear as the first symptoms of the changes social reality and history require .
They are therefore the vanguard of the struggle for these changes if and when they group together and organise to attain them .
Their historic mission is therefore to ideologically educate the subjects of change , thereby integrating them into and to politically conduct the process involving these changes in order to strategically orient the course of the revolutionary transformations that will take place as result .
Confusing variants
Similarly , the Leninist conception of the vanguard has been stigmatised because of the specific characteristics of the organisations that endorsed his conception ( this originates from the same phenomenon just described above ) .
Such characteristics largely correspond to the specific circumstances in which these organisations have arisen and been forced to operate .
In other words , the concept of the vanguard has been confused with some of its variants ; in part by those who adopted the revolutionary party whose origin was precisely Lenin 's formulation of the theory of the vanguard party .
This variant is one of an internally vertical vanguard ( in which the right of criticism is limited to within the organisation or the right to an opinion is limited to when the political organisation still has not taken an official position regarding the topic on which such right is exercised ) .
The group is outwardly closed ( not all those who want join can do so ) .
But this variant ( independently of that fact that in some cases it has been justified and in other cases not ) need not be considered as inherent to the condition of the vanguard that is essential to a consistently revolutionary political organisation .
It may therefore also be internally horizontal ( in which criticism can be exercised publicly and in which one can emit a different opinion to the political organisation on issues about which it has already taken a position , or at least the first of these prerogatives ) and outwardly open ( to which everyone who wants to may belong ) .
Another criterion for defining how vertical or horizontal a vanguard organisation is could be the method of selection of its members where there are different categories of members : it would be vertical in the case that the militants are selected by the leadership ( as in the FSLN in the eighties ) ; and open when such a condition is optional for each member ( as it happened to be in the same party from 1994 until both categories disappeared ) .
There exists an intermediate point where the militants are elected by the grassroots body to which they belong , as in the Communist Party of Cuba .
What is said here about the theme of the vanguard is valid for the condition of the vanguard as participants in a political organisation ( in which case it is an organisation that is part of the vanguard ) .
But when a vanguard organisation develops political capacity , and leadership and influence in each historical moment within the society to which it belongs it would not only be of the vanguard , but also the vanguard .
Emphasis has been placed on this issue of the Leninist theory of the vanguard and democratic centralism in order to pave the road towards a concrete proposal about the character that – in accordance with its necessity -- the Fifth International should have .
As stated earlier regarding the characteristics of today 's world that demand the existence of a revolutionary organisation at a global level , this would be historically the world party of the revolutionary movement , constituted for a second time but after a prior experience , and in different circumstances .
An important element to take it into account is what I already mentioned about no revolution having ever succeeded as a product of any International ’s strategy .
The Paris Commune was the only victorious revolution -- ephemeral , but victorious in the end -- during the existence of the First International .
It was not the product of a plan , but the contrary .
Marx himself argued at the time that a possible uprising of the Paris workers was bound to fail .
Although Marx and the International of which he was the central figure supported the Commune once the uprising had triumphed , the failure of the Commune was a fatal wound for the First International and would lead to its dissolution .
However , one must recognise another historical truth : no revolution of a socialist character or nature would have succeeded without the prior existence of the International : the Bolshevik revolution is inconceivable without the prior educational and organisational work of the Second International at the level of the European proletariat in its totality ( including the Russian , of course ) .
The Chinese revolution could hardly have succeeded without the support received by the Communist International ( despite the mistakes it made initially when it gave directions that put the Chinese communists at the mercy of their mortal enemies ) .
Even the Paris Commune would not have had the importance it had as an experience of fighting for the masses without the analysis made by Karl Marx , the most prominent figure of the First International that also assigned important cadres in support of the communards .
Frederick Engels , the most prominent figure of the International after Marx , provided military advice to the Commune .
His knowledge of artillery was very useful in extending the Commune long enough so that it would become such an important experience .
A world party of the revolution
Outlined above is the differentiation between the Internationals made by Alicia Sagra : the First International was a mass front , the second a federation of parties , and the third a world party .
Currently , the mass front of the First International is present ( with its own peculiarities and bearing in mind differences of all kinds , especially the different epoch ) in the World Social Forum .
The federation of parties represented by the Second International is present ( although not globally , but continentally and without being truly a federation because it is rather a forum for exchange and debate rather than coordination in action , which of course it also does ) in the [ Foro de Sao Paulo ( Sao Paulo Forum ] .
We need -- now more than ever , for the reasons given earlier -- a world party of revolution , which the Third International was .
The experience of the First International demonstrated the need for an organisation with methods that would allow more effective action .
It can be said that it was guilty of too much democracy ( in retrospect , it should be noted that this was just the organisational beginnings of the global revolutionary movement ; therefore this cannot be analysed as an error -- rather it was a deficit objectively determined by the epoch ) .
The Second International highlighted the need for political theory that indicated the manner in which revolutionary struggle should be organised ; that is , the theory elaborated by Lenin .
Although it was no longer used by the International ( the Second ) that decayed in the face of the challenge of history , that theory remained an invaluable tool for revolutionary action .
However , later it was applied in a mechanical and sectarian manner by the Third International after the death of its founder .
A notable error of this Third International ( the Communist International or Comintern ) was its excessively vertical structure .
Decisions made as a whole ( by vote or even , sometimes taken solely by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union , or to be more clear , by Stalin ) were mandatory for each of them , even if the prevailing political position and situation in a specific country and its corresponding party was different from the majority at the level of the International .
It also did not take into account the weight of each party in membership numbers , influence in society , and so on .
In a way , to function effectively , the Fifth International ( of the period of globalisation and the decisive moment in which , due to the ecological crisis , humanity will come to an end if the socialist revolution does not triumph – this time at a global level ) should be a compromise between the world party of the Third International type and the federation constituted by the Second International , while in a certain way being both .
At the same time , however , taking into account the growing importance of social movements ( to be taken up later ) , the Fifth International would have some similarity to the mass front that was the First International .
It will come with the same diversity because the first organisational steps of the revolutionary movement worldwide have hardly been taken .
And also because today there is a search for [ appropriate ] theory , originating in the crisis of the rigidity that characterised official revolutionary theory until the collapse of the social model in which such rigidity existed .
At the same time , the program of the Fifth International should be the product of the experience not only of the successes but also failures of preceding socialism – just as the Fourth International wanted to be without managing to achieve it ( possibly due to the untimely death of its founder , Trotsky ) .
In line with the designations made by Trotsky of the First International as one for anticipation , by Novack of the Second as one for organisation , by Lenin of the Third as one for action , and by this writer of the Fourth as one for criticism , the Fifth would be an iternational for organisation , action and criticism at the same time .
Consensus and not majorities
In particular , this international organisation of revolutionary parties would constitute a global revolutionary party with binding decisions on its members .
But it should strive to differentiate between those decisions that are international or regional , and those which relate to the national situation of a specific country , thus elevating the importance of the political position of the party or parties of the country or region ( respectively ) to which they correspond in as much as the situation has a more local and less global character .
So that , for example , when dealing with the situation of a specific country , it could not take any decision with which the party concerned does not agree , not least because the decision would be unenforceable .
Likewise , all decisions would be taken by consensus , not a majority , to avoid inconsistencies between political organisations and the voting weight they exercise .
Otherwise , it would be ridiculous to establish parameters within which the weight of each organisation determines the number of votes that count , to which it should be added that this weight changes and the conditions do not always exist to be able to sense when such changes take place .
So that this proposal can be seen as oriented toward the widest possible openness in the context of the need for a world party of revolution , for reasons of effectiveness it must also include discipline as a principle in its operation .
In other words , in this new International maximum freedom with maximum possible discipline would be combined .
Democratic centralism as an expression of the theory of the vanguard party , flexibly applied , remains not only useful but indispensable for that to succeed .
The presence of several organisations in one country would compel them to act together on matters pertaining to international strategic lines .
This would be grounds for mutual rapprochement , possibly even into a single organisation ; or at least to align themselves to influence the internal political life of the country to which they belong .
The latter may be an internal standard in the operation of the International , which could contribute decisively to the left unity locally and as a consequence , also worldwide .
However – and to ensure there is minimal coherence -- the first organisation / s to be incorporated within a country should have veto power with respect to entry of other organisations from the same country .
The proposal by Argentine writer and journalist Luis Bilbao that the international management body be composed solely of representatives from those countries where there exists not more than one recognised organisation does not seem reasonable ; it would constitute counterproductive ( also unfair ) discrimination , possibly to the detriment of the quality of such governing body .
An important issue -- given the increasing weight of social movements as a product of the potentially revolutionary decay of political parties as an expression of the crisis of the democratic representative political system – is the entry not only of political parties but of social organisations , many of which have assumed political tasks of the vanguard parties , as is the case of the Landless Workers Movement ( MST ) in Brazil in relation to the situation in the rural sector of that gigantic South American country .
A very important issue in relation to the cohesion of the new International is the link of such cohesion with political and ideological differences .
Luis Bilbao argues that the Fifth International should be characterised by ideological heterogeneity and political homogeneity , [ 16 ] to which we should add the following : ideological heterogeneity would have to assume as a starting point the need for a common ideological approach ( unity born of diversity ) .
Otherwise , the International would be an alliance to achieve goals that are more transient and therefore much less definitive than those of a force identified with the strategic goal ( and ideologically common in its scope ) to replace capitalism with socialism as an intermediate step to building a fully fair and free society , socially egalitarian , equitable in terms of gender and in generational terms , environmentally sustainable , and economically prosperous enough to guarantee the minimum conditions for material and spiritual welfare , and not for the ecologically unsustainable -- and traditionally accepted by Marxist manuals – satisfaction of increasing needs .
In this sense what Raul Sendic identified as the isolation of the principle needs for their full satisfaction remains valid : [ 17 ] a society in which spiritually and collectively motivated human beings act , work , and produce goods and wealth .
These are the minimum necessary premises around which all revolutionaries in the world ( Marxists and communists of all possible tendencies , revolutionary socialists , anarchists , Christians for the liberation of the human being with regard to the alienation of individualist consumption , etc. ) can make common cause .
Ideological heterogeneity would necessarily have the same boundaries that exist between revolution and reform as a programmatic final objective or what constitutes a political movement ’s raison d'etre .
All political and social organisations that belong to the International should identify themselves based on their common commitment to the revolutionary transformation of society , or in other words , the replacement of the capitalist system by a socialist system .
From this arises precisely the need for common revolutionary action at a global level in the era of globalisation and the current crisis of capitalism , in the latter case so that this crisis of the system can be abolished by revolution .
While ideological heterogeneity would limit political homogeneity around certain issues , they must be identified under the method previously raised : the more global an issue is the more homogeneity there should be and vice versa , in as much as the character of an issue is more local , there should be more heterogeneity .
Revolutionary authenticity
Perhaps the most important questioning of the recent call for the formation of the Fifth International -- symptomatically made by Hugo Chávez , leader of the revolutionary process that has served as a locomotive for the current increase of the left in Latin America as part of the favourable conditions for revolutionary change at a continental level sooner rather than later in the only place in the world where a conducive political climate exists for the socially necessary and environmentally urgent world revolution – has been that an International must be the result of a process of the search for and the construction of proposals , and not the contrary .
Therefore you cannot make a call to organise the International and leave it until later to identify common actions that can mobilise the revolutionaries of the world .
It is the prior identification of these actions that should serve as a starting point for the formation of the International , where as a result of the identification of these points , you can be sure that it is necessary .
The authenticity of the revolutionary attitude toward life and social reality can be verified in two ways , and by identifying in those who call themselves revolutionaries one of two types of very different human beings : one way of identifying these two types of persons is by establishing the difference between those who call for struggle and assume it , or respond to the call and struggle , and those who never struggle because they spend their time " analysing " why they will struggle , and do the same with calls to struggle : analyze them , criticise them , refuse themselves to struggle and demobilise those attending the call .
As Fidel Castro said more than forty years ago ( see the header of this article ) , those who also argue that it is not the time to fight or the proposed struggle is not correct , use this approach as a theoretical justification for refusing to fight .
They 're renouncing not a type of revolutionary struggle , but the revolutionary struggle itself .
The other way to measure revolutionary authenticity is to distinguish between these two types of human beings in relation to the issue of revolutionary transformations and reforms .
As envisaged by Rosa Luxemburg ( also embodied in the phrase at the beginning of this paper ) , when revolutionary change is declared impossible or impracticable and as a result the path of reform is assumed in the hope that in the distant future maybe they can make changes that will mature as a result of reforms , what is being renounced is not a form of making the revolution , but the revolution itself which has system change as its objective .
Reforms within the system become the ultimate goal of those who preach this path .
Those who question the call for an International made by Chavez and moreover , the indispensable time proposed for its installation by the left parties gathered in Caracas in December 2009 , are left without any argument in the face of a single question : who would be commissioned , under the scheme raised by them , of a previous search for common actions or issues identified by leftist organisations around the world , to then -- if we reach the necessary conclusion -- make the call for the International ?
That search is necessary , without doubt , but first we must define who will do it .
In the scheme of those who identify with Chavez 's call and the necessity of the timeframe posed by the urgency of what must be done about it , the appeal is precisely the same .
The convening of the Fifth International is , in the first place , the collective identification of common actions and positions , with which all the revolutionary organisations and disorganised revolutionaries of the world identify in order to fight together as the only way that this struggle can triumph in the world today .
In other words , you must first motivate -- and that 's what Chavez has done -- the conscious and common search of those who are aware of the need for it , thus recognising one another and in this way , making the ideas emerge collectively to give concrete form to the existence of something so big and so important .
That is impossible to achieve without the prior impulse , without such enthusiasm and such prior collective action .
The first major goal should be therefore to convene it , to meet ; identify one another .
This should take place sometime in April 2010 .
It is the only way to globalise struggle and hope in time and form .
It is the current equivalent of Marx and Engels ' call for proletarian unity .
A call has now made from the World Social Forum , either a formidable pioneer of the Fifth International or , contrarily , a very clever way for the system to distract , in endless outpourings and conversations among themselves , those who seek to change it or believe they want to change it , precisely so that this distraction blocks the Fifth International from coming into being .
Let ’s not wait longer , compañeros .
Revolutionaries of the world , let ’s unite .
Final Warning .
Translators ’ notes
This translation is primarily based on the version published by the Nicaraguan Sandinista magazine Correo .
Author Carlos Fonseca T. is a member of the editorial board of that publication .
At the time of publication , the article has still not been posted on Managua Radio La Primerisima website , which hosts back editions of Correo .
However , it should appear soon .
We also compared the Correo edition with that of Rebelion .
In a few cases we have included text from Rebelion that did not appear in the Correo version .
Carlos Fonseca ’s article has appeared in several other Spanish - language publications in Europe and Indo - Latin America .
Felipe Stuart Cournoyer is a Nicaraguan - Canadian Marxist , and a militant of the Nicaraguan FSLN .
A writer and translator , he is also a cntributing eitor of the Canada - based digital publication Socialist Voice .
He considers himself to be a soldier of the Fifth International .
Kiraz Janicke is a member of the Socialist Alliance in Australia who has been living in Caracas , Venezuela , on and off since 2005 , where she is journalist for Venezuelanalysis.com and in Green Left Weekly 's Caracas bureau .
As a representative of Socialist Alliance she attended the World Meeting of Left Parties , in Caracas , November 2009 , where Venezuela ’s President Hugo Chavez called for the Fifth International .
Endnotes
[ 1 ] Una introducción necesaria al Diario del Che en Bolivia ( Ernesto Che Guevara , Escritos y discursos , Editorial de Ciencias Sociales , La Habana , Cuba , p. 8 ) .
[ 2 ]
http://www.castillasocialista.org.
[ 3 ] Lenin , Vladimir I. , Marxismo y revisionismo ( Obras escogidas , Editorial Progreso , Moscú , sf , p. 20 ) .
[ 4 ]
Las contradicciones terminales conducen directamente al colapso del sistema , aunque la duración entre el inicio de la contradicción y el colapso que ella produce , varía según cada contradicción específica ; las contradicciones críticas , por su parte , conducen al sistema a sus crisis periódicas que , sumadas , también lo conducen al colapso , pero indirectamente .
The terminal contradictions lead directly to the collapse of the system , although the duration between the start of the conflict and collapse it produces , will vary according to each specific contradiction , the critical contradictions , meanwhile , leads the system to its periodic crises which , together , also lead to the collapse , but indirectly .
[ 5 ] Segunda Declaración de La Habana , http://www.pcc.cu, p. 17 .
[ 6 ] Lenin , Vladimir I. , El Estado y la Revolución ( Obras completas , Editorial Progreso , Moscú , sf , p. 298 ) .
[ 7 ]
Sandino , Augusto C. , El pensamiento vivo , t. I , Editorial Nuevo Nicaragua , Managua , 1984 , p. 341 .
[ 8 ] Sandino , Augusto C. , Ob. Cit. , t. II , pp. 69 .
[ 9 ]
Idem , pp. 65 , 69 a 73 y 80 .
[ 10 ] Fonseca , Carlos ( citado por ) , Sandino , guerrillero proletario ( Obras , t. I – Bajo la bandera del sandinismo – , Editorial Nueva Nicaragua , Managua , 1985 , p.353 – ) .
[ 11 ] Román , José , Maldito país , p. 137 .
[ 12 ] Sandino , Augusto C. , Ob. Cit. , t. II , p. 366 .
[ 13 ] Sagra , Alicia ( citado por ) , La Internacional , Ediciones FOS , Buenos Aires , 2004 , p. 21 .
First published in English as “ Progress of World Socialism , ” William F. Warde , International Socialist Review , vol.19 no.3 , Summer 1958 , pp.83 -88 .
( William F. Warde was a pseudonym of George Novack . )
George Novack Internet Archive , http://www.marxists.org/archive/novack/1958/xx/progress.htm#n1.
The quote here is taken from the original English - language version .
[ 14 ] Idem , p. 37 .
[ 15 ] Lenin , Vladimir I. , La bancarrota de la Segunda Internacional , Editorial Progreso , Moscú , 1977 , p. 13 .
[ 16 ] Bilbao , Luis , Hora de definiciones ( revista América XXI , # 56/57 , diciembre 2009 a enero 2010 , Caracas , p. 48 ) .
[ 17 ] Sendic , Raúl , Reflexiones sobre política económica , Editorial Nueva Nicaragua , Managua , 1986 , p. 3 .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Australian researchers at UQ's Queensland Brain Institute have uncovered how antidepressants stimulate the brain to improve a person 's mood .
They have discovered the class of drugs that increase levels of a neurotransmitter known as ‘ norepinephrine ' triggers neurogenesis - the growth of new neurons - in a brain region called the hippocampus .
“ If you block hippocampus neurogenesis , antidepressants no longer work , ” lead researcher Dr Dhanisha Jhaveri said .
“ That suggests antidepressants must up - regulate neurogenesis in order for them to actually have any affect on behaviour . ”
However , the neuroscientists also found not all antidepressants worked in the same way .
Dr Jhaveri said surprisingly , the class of antidepressants that increase levels of the neurotransmitter called serotonin - Prozac is a common example - fails to stimulate neurogenesis .
“ Norepinephrine is basically binding directly onto the precursors which then initiate a signal which leads to the production of more neurons , ” she said .
“ Serotonin just does n't do that .
Prozac does n't work by regulating the precursor activity - it may work outside that region , but it is n't regulating the hippocampus directly .
More research is needed to find out what serotonin actually does . ”
Using rodent models the research , published today in the Journal of Neuroscience , established that selectively blocking the re-uptake of norepinephrine directly activated hippocampal stem cells thereby discovering a much larger pool of dormant precursors in the hippocampus than previously thought to exist .
The researchers also improved their understanding of the mechanisms by which norepinephrine activated the precursors in the hippocampus and found the expression of beta3 adrenergic receptors is critical in mediating the effect .
Fellow researcher and team leader Professor Perry Bartlett said armed with this information , the team would be able to explore improved treatments for depression as well as dementia .
“ Since dementia , especially in the ageing population , appears to be related to a decrease in neurogenesis this discovery opens up exciting new ways to stimulate the production of new neurons to alleviate the devastating effects of dementia in our society , ” Professor Bartlett said .
Dr Jhaveri said the findings would also allow researchers to develop specific and more effective antidepressants .
“ Depression is such a complex disorder , so we are going to test different behavioural outcomes to see whether the compounds that increase norepinephrine levels or stimulate beta3 adrenergic receptors work only for certain aspects of depression .
We just do n't know yet but it may , for example , improve learning and memory , or reduce anxiety , ” Dr Jhaveri said .
Explore further New mouse model of depression / anxiety enhances understanding of antidepressant drugs
More information : Journal of Neuroscience -- Journal of Neuroscience -- www.jneurosci.org/
A little over 48 hours ago BBC 2 Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark spoke the first words of heresy about Anthropogenic Global Warming , and gave a warming alarmist a very nasty surprise as well .
Instead of the fawning easy ride of last week , Ms Wark let rip doing a passable impression of a parakeet from Edinburgh .
So rough was the ride that the Guardian attacked the BBC for being AGW deniers .
One of the ways of spreading propaganda of any sort , is to disguise it as popular entertainment .
This can be seen freuqently in the story lines in soap operas where after the program you are told that if you have effected by any of the scenes in real life you can call so and so .
At the beginning of the year the BBC did a fairly lacklustre rehash of Day of the Triffids where AGW was blamed for the Triffids , to cut a long story short Aardvark complained to the BBC and got this response via email 4 days later .
Just one month later and things have changed at the Beeb , they have actually managed a U turn on AGW faster than Gordon Brown on yet another failed policy .
In the popular comedy show “ Mock The Week ” tonight there was a section where the panel were given the answer and had to guess the question .
The answer was 2035 .
2035 is a number to be feared by warming alarmists , it has become the equivalent of 666 , the Church of Climatology ’s Beast .
The correct answer was given about the Himalayan Glaciers allegedly melting , they then described in the detail how Glaciergate came about .
For a moment Aardvark thought they were reading the script from a denier ’s blog .
The BBC were done yet denying AGW , skip forward 1 hour to Newsnight where sadly the brightly coloured Kirsty Wark was not presenting tonight , to a story about how the Climate Change scam is likely to bring down the Kevin Rudd and Penny Wong warmist regime in Australia .
They even repeated Tony Abbot ’s Climate Change is crap remark .
The BBC even showed a long clip on Lord Monckton ridiculing Al Gore !
The prominence of Australia in the implosion of AGW cannot be under estimated , the defeat of Rudd ’s Green lunacy on the eve of Copenhagen and Climategate ’s first political scalp have led the way in the unravelling of the Climate Change scam .
The abrupt change of policy at BBC about AGW is good news as it helps stop the spread of warming alarmist propaganda , but the real reasons are more likely to be self interest and based on past performance of the BBC , paying lip service until this Climate Denial thing blows over , then dust off the icons of Al Gore and resume worship at the Church of Climatology .
For all Climategate posts click here
Two members of Greenpeace are facing up to 10 years ' jail in the latest skirmish to erupt over Japan 's whaling activities .
While the whaling fleet and militant activists battle it out in the Southern Ocean , two men in Japan have been charged with trespassing and stealing whale meat .
Dubbed the " Tokyo Two " , they say the whale meat was smuggled off a Japanese research ship with the full knowledge of government officials and it was headed for the black market .
Junichi Sato and Toru Suzuki intercepted the package , took it to the police and in turn were charged with theft .
But in a blow to Japan 's judicial system , the ABC has obtained a United Nations report that says their detention contravenes international covenants on human rights .
Sato started surveying Japan 's whaling - fleet flagship , the Nisshin Maru , on its return from an annual hunt two years ago .
" We were investigating the corruption in the whaling industry that is funded by taxpayer 's money , " he said .
" So we wanted to show the real face of the whaling industry , how corrupt this industry is , to the Japanese public . "
Sato and Suzuki were acting on a tip - off from a former whaling crew member who blew the whistle on the alleged smuggling of whale meat off the ship and on to the black market .
In an interview recorded by Greenpeace , a former whaling crew member described how the meat was taken from the ship .
" Everyone knows , but it 's not talked about in public " he said .
" They all do it , with tacit understanding .
There are shipping company staff there too , but it seems that they see and pretend not to see . "
Acting on this information , Sato and Suzuki tracked a package from the Nisshin Maru to a mail depot in northern Japan .
There they took the package which was marked " cardboard " and opened it .
Inside there was no cardboard but 23 kilograms of salt - cured whale meat .
After showing the media , the activists handed the package to prosecutors , seeking charges of embezzlement against the crew .
Instead police arrested Sato and Suzuki for theft and trespassing .
" This is really a politically motivated arrest .
We were trying to stop the bigger crime .
This is not a theft case but it is about whaling on trial , " Sato said .
The stakes are high for the activists .
In Japan the conviction rate in criminal cases in 99.8 per cent .
Their defence lawyer , Yuichi Kaido , says he will argue a defence based on the men's NGO - affiliation .
" We will argue in court that these two men are members of an NGO , " Mr Kaido said .
" There is a significant argument that research activities carried out by NGO members based on whistleblower evidence has the same rights and freedoms as investigative reporting by journalists . "
He will also argue that the conditions the two activists were held under contravened international law .
Sato and Suzuki were held without charge for 23 days , questioned without a lawyer and interrogated for up to 12 hours a day while tied to a chair .
Embezzlement
The ABC's Lateline program obtained a report by the UN Human Rights Working Group on Arbitrary Detention .
The report found " the detention of Messrs Junichi Sato and Toru Suzuki is arbitrary and contravenes the dispositions contained in articles 18 , 19 and 20 of the universal declaration of human rights and articles 18 and 19 of the international covenant on civil and political rights , to which Japan is a state party " .
The UN working group also noted that they acted in the greater public interest because they sought to expose criminal embezzlement within the taxpayer - funded whaling industry .
The ABC approached both the Japanese Fisheries Agency and the prosecutors about the case of the Tokyo Two but both refused to comment .
The trial could cost both men their freedom , but Sato argues that will only bring more scrutiny of Japan 's judicial system and its whaling program .
" Of course for private reasons I do n't want to be in jail , but if they are putting us in jail , of course then we can fight back , " he said .
" And [ I ] think we have more stronger arguments why this is a politically motivated arrest , because they want to simply shut us down . "
The trial is expected to last several months .
Mark Willacy 's full report can be seen on Lateline on ABC1 on Monday night
Philadelphia , PA , 26 January 2010 - Even with the best of available treatments , over a third of patients with depression may not achieve a satisfactory antidepressant response .
Deep brain stimulation ( DBS ) , a form of targeted electrical stimulation in the brain via implanted electrodes , is now undergoing careful testing to determine whether it could play a role in the treatment of patients who have not sufficiently improved during more traditional forms of treatment .
A major challenge of this work is determining the best region of the brain to stimulate .
Some researchers stimulate the subgenual prefrontal cortex , a brain region implicated in depressed mood states , while others stimulate a region called the " anterior limb of the internal capsule " , a nerve pathway that passes through the basal ganglia , a lower brain region .
Physicians publishing a new report in Biological Psychiatry now describe findings related to the stimulation of the nucleus accumbens , a brain region the size of a hazelnut associated with reward and motivation that is implicated in processing pleasurable stimuli , sometimes referred to as the " pleasure center " of the brain .
The inability to experience pleasure is a key symptom of depression and previous studies have shown that functioning of the nucleus accumbens is impaired in depressed individuals .
Bewernick and colleagues administered DBS treatment in ten patients with severe long - term depression who had not responded to multiple other antidepressant treatments , including psychotherapy , drug treatments and electroconvulsive treatment .
After one year of DBS , all patients showed some improvement , and half of them experienced significant improvement in their symptoms of depression , astonishing considering they had not responded to any prior antidepressant treatment .
In addition , the patients showed reduced ratings of anxiety and had only minor side effects .
Importantly , none of their overall brain functioning was impaired by the DBS treatment .
" The nucleus accumbens is a brain region that animals will seek to stimulate even if they do not appear depressed and this is one reason that it is sometimes referred to as a reward center .
It is interesting to note that the patients in this study did not simply feel stimulated or euphoric ; instead , there appeared to be reductions in depressed mood that paralleled an increase in the capacity for pleasure , " commented Dr. John Krystal , Editor of Biological Psychiatry .
" This finding will stimulate further study on the role of the nucleus accumbens in depression and its treatment . "
The authors caution that because they studied only a small number of people , further research is necessary before DBS could be considered a clinically useful treatment for treatment - resistant depression .
There are also important ethical considerations , since DBS treatment first requires potentially risky brain surgery .
However , these preliminary findings are promising that DBS may provide relief to individuals with severe treatment - resistant depression .
###
Notes to Editors :
The article is " Nucleus Accumbens Deep Brain Stimulation Decreases Ratings of Depression and Anxiety in Treatment - Resistant Depression " by Bettina H. Bewernick , René Hurlemann , Andreas Matusch , Sarah Kayser , Christiane Grubert , Barbara Hadrysiewicz , Nikolai Axmacher , Matthias Lemke , Deirdre Cooper - Mahkorn , Michael X. Cohen , Holger Brockmann , Doris Lenartz , Volker Sturm , and Thomas E. Schlaepfer .
At the University Hospital in Bonn , Germany , authors Bewernick , Hurlemann , Matusch , Kayser , Grubert , Hadrysiewicz , Axmacher , Cooper - Mahkorn , and Schlaepfer are affiliated with the Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy , with Axmacher also with the Department of Epileptology , while Brockmann is with the Department of Nuclear Medicine .
Schlaepfer is also with the Departments of Psychiatry and Mental Health , Johns Hopkins University , Baltimore , Maryland .
Lenartz and Sturm are affiliated with the Department of Functional Neurosurgery , University Hospital , Cologne , Germany .
Cohen is from the Department of Psychology , University of California , Davis , California .
Lemke is with the Department of Psychiatry , Hospital Alsterdorf , Hamburg , Germany .
The article appears in Biological Psychiatry , Volume 67 , Issue 2 ( January 15 , 2010 ) , published by Elsevier .
The authors ' disclosures of financial and conflicts of interests are available in the article .
John H. Krystal , M.D. is Chairman of the Department of Psychiatry at the Yale University School of Medicine and a research psychiatrist at the VA Connecticut Healthcare System .
His disclosures of financial and conflicts of interests are available at http://journals.
elsevierhealth .
com/ webfiles / images / journals / bps/ Biological_Psychiatry_Editorial_Disclosures_08_01_09 . pdf .
Full text of the article mentioned above is available upon request .
Contact Maureen Hunter at m.hunter@elsevier.com to obtain a copy or to schedule an interview .
About Biological Psychiatry
This international rapid- publication journal is the official journal of the Society of Biological Psychiatry .
It covers a broad range of topics in psychiatric neuroscience and therapeutics .
Both basic and clinical contributions are encouraged from all disciplines and research areas relevant to the pathophysiology and treatment of major neuropsychiatric disorders .
Full - length and Brief Reports of novel results , Commentaries , Case Studies of unusual significance , and Correspondence and Comments judged to be of high impact to the field are published , particularly those addressing genetic and environmental risk factors , neural circuitry and neurochemistry , and important new therapeutic approaches .
Concise Reviews and Editorials that focus on topics of current research and interest are also published rapidly .
Biological Psychiatry ( www.sobp.org/journal) is ranked 4th out of the 101 Psychiatry titles and 14th out of 219 Neurosciences titles on the 2008 ISI Journal Citations Reports ® published by Thomson Scientific .
About Elsevier
Elsevier is a world - leading publisher of scientific , technical and medical information products and services .
The company works in partnership with the global science and health communities to publish more than 2,000 journals , including the Lancet ( www.thelancet.com) and Cell ( www.cell.com), and close to 20,000 book titles , including major reference works from Mosby and Saunders .
Elsevier 's online solutions include ScienceDirect ( www.sciencedirect.com), Scopus ( www.scopus.com), Reaxys ( www.reaxys.com), MD Consult ( www.mdconsult.com) and Nursing Consult ( www.nursingconsult.com), which enhance the productivity of science and health professionals , and the SciVal suite ( www.scival.com) and MEDai's Pinpoint Review ( www.medai.com), which help research and health care institutions deliver better outcomes more cost - effectively .
A global business headquartered in Amsterdam , Elsevier ( www.elsevier.com) employs 7,000 people worldwide .
The company is part of Reed Elsevier Group PLC ( www.reedelsevier.com), a world - leading publisher and information provider .
The ticker symbols are REN ( Euronext Amsterdam ) , REL ( London Stock Exchange ) , RUK and ENL ( New York Stock Exchange ) .
Media Contact :
Maureen Hunter
Elsevier
+1 215 239 3674
m.hunter@elsevier.com
I recently migrated about 50 k records from mnesia to MongoDB using my fork of emongo , which adds supervisors with transparent connection restarting , for reasons I ’ll explain below .
Why Mongo instead of Mnesia
mnesia is great for a number of reasons , but here ’s why I decided to move weotta ’s place data into MongoDB :
easy to access from python and other languages
schema-less data , so you ’re not constrained to records , and will never have to do mnesia : transform_table ever again
do n’t have to keep everything in memory ( or only on disk as the case may be )
simple & flexible indexing & querying
Converting Records to Docs and vice versa
First , I needed to convert records to documents .
In erlang , mongo documents are basically proplists .
Keys going into emongo can be atoms , strings , or binaries , but keys coming out will always by binaries .
Here ’s a simple example of record to document conversion :
record_to_doc( Record , Attrs ) -> % tl will drop record name lists : zip ( Attrs , tl( tuple_to_list ( Record ) ) ) .
This would be called like record_to_doc ( MyRecord , record_info ( fields , my_record ) ) .
If you have nested dicts then you ’ll have to flatten them using dict : to_list .
Also note that list values are coming out of emongo are treated like yaws JSON arrays , i.e. [ {key , {array , [ val ] }} ] .
For more examples , check out the emongo docs .
Heavy Write Load
To do the migration , I used etable : foreach to insert each document .
Bulk insertion would probably be more efficient , but etable makes single record iteration very easy .
I started using the original emongo with a pool size of 10 , but it was crashy when I dumped records as fast as possible .
So initially I slowed it down with timer : sleep ( 200 ) , but after adding supervised connections , I was able to dump with no delay .
I ’m not exactly sure what I fixed in this case , but I think the lesson is that using supervised gen_servers will give you reliability with little effort .
Read Performance
Now that I had data in mongo to play with , I compared the read performance to mnesia .
Using timer:tc , I found that mnesia : dirty_read takes about 21 microseconds , whereas emongo : find_one can take anywhere from 600 to 1200 microseconds , querying on an indexed field .
Without an index , read performance ranged from 900 to 2000 microseconds .
I also tested only requesting specific fields , as recommended on the MongoDB Optimiziation page , but with small documents ( < 10 fields ) that did not seem to have any effect .
So while mongodb queries are pretty fast at 1 ms , mnesia is about 50 times faster .
Further inspection with fprof showed that nearly half of the cpu time of emongo : find is taken by BSON decoding .
Heavy Read Load
Under heavy read load ( thousands of find_one calls in less than second ) , emongo_conn would get into a locked state .
Somehow the process had accumulated unparsable data and would n’t reply .
This problem went away when I increased the size of the pool size to 100 , but that ’s a ridiculous number of connections to keep open permanently .
So instead I added some code to kill the connection on timeout and retry the find call .
This was the main reason I added supervision .
Now , every pool is locally registered as a simple_one_for_one supervisor that supervises every emongo_server connection .
This pool is in turn supervised by emongo_sup , with dynamically added child specs .
All this supervision allowed me to lower the pool size back to 10 , and made it easy to kill and restart emongo_server connections as needed .
Why you may want to stick with Mnesia
Now that I have experience with both MongoDB and mnesia , here ’s some reasons you may want to stick with mnesia :
very fast in - memory reads
transactional
simple master - master replication
great for distributed read - heavy applications
Despite all that , I ’m very happy with MongoDB .
Installation and setup were a breeze , and schema - less data storage is very nice when you have variable fields and a high probability of adding and / or removing fields in the future .
It ’s simple , scalable , and as mentioned above , it ’s very easy to access from many different languages .
emongo is n’t perfect , but it ’s open source and will hopefully benefit from more exposure .
>>> import numpy , cython , ctypes , OpenGL.GL
>>> numpy.array ( [ 1,2,3,4.2 ] , ctypes.c_uint32 )
array ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] , dtype=uint32 )
>>> numpy.array ( [ 1,2,3,4.2 ] , numpy.uint32 )
array ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] , dtype=uint32 )
>>> numpy.array ( [ 1,2,3,4.2 ] , ' L ' )
array ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] , dtype=uint32 )
>>> numpy.array ( [ 1,2,3,4.2 ] , OpenGL.GL.GLuint )
array ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] , dtype=uint32 )
>>> numpy.array ( [ 1,2,3,4.2 ] , cython.uint )
------------------------------------------------------------
Traceback ( most recent call last ) :
File " " , line 1 , in
TypeError : data type not understood
# this registers two types which are the same .
>>> type_registry.register_types(numpy.uint32
,
... cython.uint )
# here numpy . array does not know about cython directly ,
# but can look at the registered type we just did to get it from there .
>>> numpy.array ( [ 1,2,3,4.2 ] , cython.uint )
array ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] , dtype=uint32 )
Python already has a number of objects to represent c types .
However , there is a need to improve interoperability between systems using these c types .
Below I explain the need , and discuss existing efforts to address this need .
Then ways to transparently translate between the various type systems without each system needing to know about each other are also discussed .
In the ctypes library - you can represent an unsigned 32 bit integer with ctypes.c_unit32 .
In the array , and struct modules there are different array type codes .
For example , ' L ' represents unsigned int with a minimum of 4 bytes on 32 bit systems and 8 on 64bit systems.numpy , cython , pyopengl and other python extensions have their own types representing c types too .
Most extensions which link up to languages which use static typing represent basic c types to python in some way .
Not only libraries , but various compilers and translation tools also use c types .
For example tinypy C++ , cython , swig , etc .
Also type inference is done from things like shedskin , and rpython - but they represent types internally with their own type objects .
Standardising on one set of c type objects or string codes would give some compatibility advantages .
However , that will be hard to change for backwards compatibility reasons .
A mapping between the various types should provide plenty of the advantages .
For example , to be able to translate from a ctypes to a numpy type should be fairly simple .
Here you can see that numpy , ctypes and the python.array module already have integration : Pretty cool hey ?
Numpy already knows about many of the type variables available in the python ecosystem .
With the notable exception of cython .
I think there is a need to try and standardise use of c type variables - so that more code can interoperate without each system needing to know about each other systems type objects .
Alternatively a translation layer can be made in place .
For example an adaptor something like this : # if numpy does not know about the adaptor registry then we can still # use the registry , if only in a more ugly - non transparent way # by calling a translate function directly : >>> numpy.array ( [ 1,2,3,4.2 ] , ... type_registry.translate(cython.uint ) ) array ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] , dtype=uint32 ) Instead of an adaptor , a magic variable could be used which would contain the ' standard c type variable ' from python .
For example - cython.uint.__ctype__ == ctype.c_unit32 .
Then numpy could look for a __ctype__ variable and use that - without having to be extended for every system that is made .
One problem with a magic variable over registered types is that some python objects can not have those magic variables assigned .
For example , try adding a __ctype__ variable to an int instance - it wo n't work .
Either the adaptor , or the magic variable would let cython - and other systems use their own type objects and still have a way to translate the types to the standard python c type variables ( when / if they are chosen ) .
A simple mapping ( with a dict ) from a package to the standard c type objects / type codes is another method that could be used .
This will allow a package to fairly easily hook into the eco system .
For example cython could have a __c_type_mappings__ magic variable at the top level of its package .
Then another package looking to translate the type could look to the package for this __c_type_mappings__ variable .
The advantage of this is that many times variables can be injected into a package but not into extension types in the package .
On the other hand this feels icky .
The c types from the ctype package seem to be a fairly good choice for this .
PyopenGL 3.x series uses the ctypes as its types .
eg , OpenGL.GL.GLuint == ctypes.c_uint32 .
Except ctypes is a fairly big dependency just for a few types .
The buffer pep 3118 being introduced into python / numpy to make buffer sharing between libraries is a similar use case .
However it involves sharing instances of differently typed buffers - and has quite clever semantics for many use cases .
The formats from that pep could also probably be used to share type information .
The buffer protocol pep specifies extra format strings over the ones specified in the python.array module .
So as to be able to specify a more complete set of type , and memory layouts .
So rather than using the ctypes types , it probably makes sense to use the new buffer protocol format codes specified in pep 3118 .
As they are just strings without any further dependencies on the rest of the ctypes machinery ( eg libffi etc ) .
Of course , if you are using ctypes already - then depending on it is not a problem .
Of course ctypes.c_uint32 is more descriptive than ' L ' to many people , so the format codes ( eg ' L ' ) should just be used for specification .
People should still use their own type objects - but provide a translation to their format codes as specified in pep 3118 the new buffer protocol
The codes specified in pep 3118 will probably need to be expanded as more c types need to be described .
For example bit fields and bit depths of types are not described in the pep .
Many systems specify the bit depth of the type - numpy , ctypes , opengl , etc .
For example they use ' uint32 ' rather than ' unsigned int ' .
Also bit fields are becoming more common in C so they should be added to the type code formats in someway too .
In conclusion there is a need for interoperability of c types from various python extensions , libraries and python compilers .
The pep 3118 format codes , and ctypes types are good candidates to work with for standard c type objects / codes .
Adaptor registries , simple mappings , and / or magic variable names could be used to enhance interoperability .
By Gary Duffy
BBC News , Sao Paulo
Dilma Rousseff will be hoping some of Lula 's popularity rubs off on her
The possibility of Brazil having its first female president is set to come a step closer this week when the governing Workers ' Party ( PT ) nominates its candidate in October 's election .
Dilma Rousseff , chief of staff for President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , who has already unofficially anointed her as his preferred successor , is the party 's certain choice .
Although Ms Rousseff is a tough and seasoned political operator , she is widely seen as lacking the charisma that is the hallmark of her boss , and faces a tough fight ahead .
Her main opponent is likely to be the current governor of Sao Paulo , Jose Serra , another experienced politician , who has long sought to lead his country , and who lost to President Lula in the second round of voting in the 2002 election .
This year 's campaign may have to focus on the issues rather than on personalities , as Mr Serra , of the opposition PSDB , appears equally uncomfortable in dealing with the public .
For a long period the Sao Paulo governor had a substantial lead in the opinion polls , but the gap is narrowing .
( Dilma ) was Lula 's choice , not the party 's choice
Joao Pedro Ribeiro
Tendencias Consultancy Ms Rousseff , as many critics have been quick to point out , has never been elected to public office , and might not have appeared the obvious choice for the battle to be head of state in a country of more than 190 million people .
But the Workers ' Party , despite its promises to govern in a different manner , was battered by various corruption scandals in recent years , which combined to undermine the prospects of other potential presidential candidates .
President Lula has made his preference clear , saluting Ms Rousseff as " mother of the PAC " , the growth acceleration plan which is the government 's flagship economic development project for the country .
' From scratch ' " It was Lula 's choice , not the party 's choice .
She was his choice in a scenario where there were not a lot of options - actually I would say no options , " said Joao Pedro Ribeiro , of Tendencias Consultancy in Sao Paulo .
" He had to build a candidate ; he had to build a politician from scratch .
That is what he did with Rousseff , he exposed her , and he put her in the media . "
" That does n't mean she was his choice because of some specific political strength , there were no other options inside the Workers ' Party " , said Mr Ribeiro .
It is clear that President Lula , who cannot stand for a third consecutive term , intends to use all his influence and his enormous popularity to ensure that his chief of staff is elected to take his place in the presidential office , the Planalto .
" We do expect Rousseff to clearly connect her image to Lula as being someone who will continue the government 's strategy of the past eight years , while Serra tries to show that he is a more capable manager , " said Mr Ribeiro .
Jose Serra has been a fixture in Brazilian national politics for years Brazil 's economy has been doing relatively well in recent years , with the country one of the last to enter recession due to the economic crisis , and one of the first to leave it .
Growth of around 5 % is expected this year .
Undoubtedly the approach of both the main candidates towards this issue will receive a lot of attention .
" We do n't believe that either of them could break away strongly from what the government has being doing in economic terms , over the last eight years , " said Mr Ribeiro .
" She seems to be someone who is more convinced that a bigger government is better for the economy and the country .
" Rousseff would probably be more inclined to keep state - owned companies and keep them stronger than Serra . "
But Mr Ribeiro does not see a big change in direction and economic policy if Ms Rousseff wins in October .
Dilma Rousseff , 62 , was born in Belo Horizonte in the state of Minas Gerais .
Her mother was Brazilian , while her father , a Bulgarian immigrant , was a lawyer and entrepreneur .
In comparison with President Lula , she enjoyed a comfortable middle class childhood .
As a student she became involved in left - wing politics and played an active part in the resistance to Brazil 's military dictatorship which lasted from 1964 to 1985 .
Her exact role is clouded in some mystery .
Although she was reportedly trained in how to use weapons , she has said she was never actively involved in any armed confrontation with the police or army .
Time in jail
In 1970 she was captured and tortured , including being subjected to electric shocks , for 22 days , and in total she was jailed for almost three years .
" After being beaten , I was thrown naked into a toilet filthy with urine and faeces , " Ms Rousseff later told the magazine Marie Claire .
" I used to shiver with the cold until another session of torture would start again . "
A qualified economist , she was appointed by President Lula as his first energy minister and later became his chief of staff .
The president is said to credit Ms Rousseff with helping to restore stability to an administration that was hit by scandal , although she has been involved in some controversies of her own .
With the government under pressure over its expenses , her office was accused in 2008 of compiling information about the finances of the previous president , Fernando Henrique Cardoso - the so - called dossier row - a claim she vigorously denied .
A battle with cancer in the last year raised questions about her possible candidacy , but Ms Rousseff says she is fully recovered .
There are still unpredictable elements in the election that lies ahead , such as the potential impact of Ciro Gomes of the Brazilian Socialist Party who has run for the presidency in the past and may stand again .
Environmental groups will be hoping that the presence of former Environment Minister , Marina Silva , as a candidate for the Green Party , will push their concerns to the fore .
But perhaps the greatest impact will come down to the role and influence of the outgoing Brazilian leader .
President Lula , having used his dominant position to get his candidate in place , seems certain to exploit all his formidable political skills to ensure that this was not a wasted effort .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SPIRITUAL WICKEDNESS IN HIGH PLACES
By Chuck Baldwin
February 17 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
Both Big Government And Big Religion The Enemy Of Freedom
Almost immediately after Adam 's fall , Lucifer and his minions collaborated with evil men to usurp God 's authority and sovereignty .
And nowhere is God more sovereign than in the heart and conscience of man .
In the spirit world , the First Commandment ( " Thou shalt have no other gods before me " ) is the battleground that is most fought over .
The war for man 's heart and soul is never - ending .
Nimrod was the first would - be tyrant to try and bring the world into a global " New World Order . "
His handiwork produced the Tower of Babel , which brought about a cataclysmic judgment from Jehovah .
However , while Nimrod was the first globalist to try and unify the nations against God , he was certainly not the last .
The Pharaohs , Darius , Artaxerxes , Cyrus , Alexander , Nebuchadnezzar , the Caesars , and hundreds like them have all brought their tyrannical rule over the hearts of men .
And their ideas and passions are as alive and active in the world today as ever .
With every would - be world tyrant , there is one constant : the unholy marriage between a supranational government and Big Religion .
If Jehovah God made anything clear in the Mosaic model of government , it was the fact that -- until Christ Himself comes to occupy both offices -- the offices of Priest and King were to be eternally separate .
At least one Old Testament Jewish king learned that lesson the hard way .
Yet , Big Government and Big Religion have always come together for the purpose of enslaving the masses .
The devilish duo of Big Government and Big Religion killed the Old Testament prophets .
They hung Jesus on the cross and persecuted the early Church .
They murdered masses during the Dark Ages ; they managed the Holocaust ; and their obnoxious offspring are still at work today .
This criminal cabal has been the bane of genuine faith and personal liberty since the beginning of time .
When Colonial America fired that shot heard around the world and fought their way to independence , they broke free , not only from the political domination of the Crown , but also from the religious domination of a State Church .
No longer would citizens be required to join a particular church in order to hold public office .
No longer would citizens be required to financially support churches and institutions they deemed to be offensive to their spiritual convictions .
No longer could a religious institution use the power and force of civil government to subjugate men to its tenets and , yes , tentacles .
Indeed , the apostate kingdom created by Constantine 's spiritual whoredom ended at the eastern shore of America !
And dare I say that I am proud of my Anabaptist forebears for helping to embed the principle of religious liberty into American law and jurisprudence ?
Indeed , I am !
What many Americans do not know ( and what many militant secularists refuse to acknowledge ) is that it was the influence of the Colonial Baptists -- most notably , the Baptist minister John Leland -- that was most responsible for the First Amendment being added to the US Constitution .
Therefore , it is more than disturbing when I see evangelical Christians being seduced by the ancient Big Government / Big Religion whorish union today .
How can any true Gospel preacher accept federal Faith - Based Initiative monies , except that he has either lost all understanding of what freedom truly means , or is willing to sacrifice the sacred principles of liberty upon the altar of his own selfish interests ?
How can any true Gospel preacher not realize that Big Religion has always conspired with tyrannical governmental forces against the true Gospel message ?
Why are they so blind to these devilish conspiracies ?
At the highest levels of virtually every major religion , the conspiracy to hijack truth and enslave the masses is constantly at work , whether it is Catholicism , Judaism , or Protestantism .
This is what the Apostle Paul warned about in Ephesians 6:12 .
" For we wrestle not against flesh and blood , but against principalities , against powers , against the rulers of the darkness of this world , against spiritual wickedness in high places . "
Of course , the " rulers of the darkness of this world " are demonic .
But it is also an absolute certainty that these demonic forces accomplish their devilish deeds through evil men who are given to " spiritual wickedness in high places . "
Was not the spiritual netherworld complicit in helping to construct Nimrod 's Tower of Babel ?
Was not spiritual wickedness at work when Pharaoh murdered the little children of the Hebrews ?
Were not dark principalities at work when Nebuchadnezzar ordered everyone to bow to the image of the Babylonian leader ?
When the Lord Jesus called Jewish King Herod a " fox , " was not He acknowledging Herod 's complicity with evil ?
Were not spiritual powers aiding and abetting the Jewish Sanhedrin when they moved the crowd to crucify the Son of God ?
When the early Church was being persecuted , was not spiritual wickedness at work ?
When nonconforming Christians were thrown to the lions and sawn asunder , were not their tormentors influenced by these same rulers of darkness ?
Of course they were !
Advertisement
Then , why is it so difficult for modern Christians -- especially our pastors and preachers -- to understand that this unholy union of Big Government and Big Religion is as evil and sinful today as it ever was ?
Why are they unwilling to recognize that the same devilish system that plagued the Church throughout the ages -- suspended only temporarily by the successful revolution for American independence -- is rearing its ugly head again ?
Why are they unwilling to believe that many of America 's leaders ( from both parties ) routinely give themselves to luciferian rituals , such as those annual dances around the fire at the Bohemian Grove ?
Why is it so hard to believe that we have leaders ( from both parties ) who have given themselves to dark , secret societies , such as Skull and Bones ?
Why are they not suspicious when certain religious schools and institutions repeatedly produce many of the leaders ( from both parties ) who seem to universally take America down the same path of globalism ?
As most Christians should know , The Beast of Revelation is as much a SYSTEM as it is a person .
As the Apostle John warned , the " spirit of antichrist . . . even now already is it in the world . "
( I John 4:3 ) He also warned , " Even now are there many antichrists . "
( I John 2:18 )
Any Big Government / Big Religion system that seeks to bring nations into global unity , enshrine a politically correct theology of universalism , establish Church / State uniformity , and marginalize independent , nonconformist ideology is nothing more than the emergence of another Tower of Babel or Beast - like system !
And , dear Christian friend , has it occurred to you that our central government in Washington , D.C. , is currently engaged in all of the above ?
Both political parties -- including most of our national leaders and news media -- actively promote globalism ; universalism is , without a doubt , the unofficial -- but clearly understood -- national religion ; and anyone who holds nonconformist views ( i.e. , pro-life , Jesus - only theology , anti-UN , anti-illegal immigration , questioning official government explanations of national tragedies , etc. ) is being viciously ridiculed , impugned , and marginalized by virtually everyone in the national press corps and central government .
Yes , I am saying it , THE BEAST IS EMERGING IN WASHINGTON , D.C. !
The powers that be in both Big Government and Big Religion want to control both our hearts and our minds .
They can not tolerate dissent .
Mind you : they do not care if one is Republican or Democrat , because at the national level , both major parties are marching in the same beastly direction .
They do not care if one is conservative or liberal , because the leaders of both camps are , likewise , marching in lockstep to the tune being played by The Beast .
They do not care if one is Jewish , Catholic , or Protestant , because at the highest levels , these religions are committing whoredom with The Beast .
If a pastor or preacher is going to be true to his calling today , he must be willing to adopt the philosophy of the late , great Charles Haddon Spurgeon , who said , " The more prominent you are in Christ 's service , the more certain are you to be the butt of calumny [ slander ] .
I have long ago said farewell to my character .
I lost it in the earlier days of my ministry by being a little more zealous than suited a slumbering age .
And I have never been able to regain it except in the sight of Him who judges all the earth , and in the hearts of those who love me for my work 's sake . "
Any desire for promotion , pleasure , riches , or fame will quickly make one a servant of The Beast .
And , I 'm afraid , that is exactly what many of today 's pastors and preachers have become .
The fight for independence was as much for the freedom of the heart and mind as it was for the freedom of a State or nation .
In fact , one cannot enslave the latter until he first enslaves the former .
And this is what is currently at stake : the freedom of the heart and soul to be governed by God and no other !
And this battle will never be won -- at least not nationally -- as long as Christians and pastors are unwilling to recognize the enemy for what it is : " spiritual wickedness in high places . "
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
Cover of the Fortsas Catalog Cover of the Fortsas Catalog
A manuscript note attributes this work to Pere Felix Grebard , private secretary to the noted Huet , bishop of Avranches .
This Pere Grebard is likewise the author of a very rare tragedy , ' La mort de Henry le grand , ' which I have had in my collection , but of which I rid myself , having learned that Mons.
J. Ketele of Audenarde had another copy of it .
In 1855 , M . Hoyois issued a prospectus for a reimpression of the Fortsas Catalogue , with the orders and correspondence of various bibliophiles with regard to the supposed sale , and a facsimile of a letter from the Count de Fortsas .
M. Chalons forbade this re-impression , and a division arose between the friends .
M. Chalons took legal measures to prevent M. Hoyois from reprinting the Catalogue , and also influenced the Societe des Bibliophiles Belges to refuse their subscription to the book .
Another account of the hoax
In the year 1840 , the book collectors in Europe were greatly excited by the publication of the sale catalogue of the Count J.N.A. de Fortsas .
This little volume of only fourteen pages contained a list of the books which formed the Count 's collection , composed of only fifty - two articles , each of them unique .
The Count would keep no book in his collection , if he found it mentioned by any bibliographer .
No wonder the bibliographical world was excited .
The sale was to take place in the office of a notary of Binche , an insignificant village of Belgium .
The catalogues were sent to the great collectors of France and England , and each recipient supposed himself specially favored , and each kept his own secret .
It is said that Brunet , Nodier , Techener , Renouard and other bibliophiles of Paris met in the stage to Binche , each one having hoped to steal away unnoticed and have the game all to himself .
M. Castian , of Lisle , who was greatly interested in the treasures of this sale ( particularly in a work published by Castman , of Tournay , relating to the Belgian revolution of 1830 , the entire edition of which had been suppressed , this copy fortuitously being saved ) , seemed a little incredulous about this wonderful collection , and took the precaution to make some inquiries as he was passing through Tournay concerning the book , and called on the publisher .
M. Castman had forgotten it , but his foreman recollected it , and the author , M. Ch. Lecocq , perfectly .
This at once silenced his suspicions .
The Baron de Reiffenberg , then the Director of the Royal Library of Brussels , asked for an appropriation to purchase some of these treasures , which was granted .
His commission to purchase covered the entire catalogue , save seven articles which were thought to be too free for a public library .
One enthusiastic bookseller made the journey to Binche from Amsterdam , only to see one volume , the Corpus Juris Civilis , printed by the Elzevirs on vellum .
The Princess de Ligne , anxious to destroy the record of her ancestor 's achievements , and to protect the reputation of the grandmothers of the best families in the state , wrote to M. Voisin to buy No. 48 at any price : " Achetez , je vous en conjure , a tout prix , les Sottises de Notre Polisson de Grandpere . "
The Roxburghe Club was represented ; and , singularly enough , every book from the catalogue appealed with peculiar force to the taste or weakness of some distinguished collector , and each one was the fortunate possessor of a catalogue through the post .
Tradition says that the good people of Binche , seeing their town invaded by a rusty and serious - looking set of strangers , all inquiring for the office of the same notary who had no existence , began to suspect some plot against the liberties of the state , and consulted about the propriety of putting as many of them as their limited accommodations would permit under confinement .
On the morning of the sale the newspapers contained a notice that the bibliographical world would learn with regret that the library of Count de Fortsas would not be sold , the town of Binche having resolved to keep it together in honor of the Collector , their townsman .
The force of the hoax could go no further .
For the whole affair was a hoax .
The Count de Fortsas was a myth -- his chateau , his passion , his success in bibliographical pursuits , were apocryphal .
And yet M. Chalons , a French collector , admitted to a stageful of bibliophiles , whom he met on the road , to have had the pleasure of a long personal acquaintance with the count .
He is said to have been the author of this witty practical joke .
Links and References
The Fortsas Hoax , University of Delaware Library .
Chalon , Renier Hubert Ghislain ( 1840 ) .
Catalogue d'une très - riche mais peu nombreuse collection de livres provenant de la bibliothèque de feu M.r le comte J.- N. - A. de Forstas .
Mons : Typographie d'Em. Hoyois , Libraire .
Klinefelter , Walter . ( 1942 ) .
The Fortsas Bibliohoax .
New York , Press of the Wooly Whale .
1942 .
Tredwell , Daniel M. ( 1882 ) .
A monograph on Privately illustrated books .
A plea for bibliomania .
Brooklyn : 81-82
The Fortsas Catalogue . ( June , 1884 ) .
The Bibliographer : A Journal of Book - Lore ( June , 1884 ) No. 31 : 8 - 12 .
Jean Nepomucene Auguste Pichauld , Comte de Fortsas , was a man with a singular passion .
He collected books of which only one copy was known to exist .
If he ever discovered that one of the volumes in his library had a duplicate anywhere in the world , he would immediately dispose of it .
So when he died on September 1 , 1839 he possessed only fifty - two books , but each of them was absolutely unique .
His heir , not sharing the old man 's passion for book collecting , arranged for an auction to sell off the library , and so a catalog of this small but highly unusual collection was mailed to bibliophiles throughout Europe .
The auction , the collectors were told , was to be held in the offices of Mâitre Mourlon , notary , 9 rue de l'Église , in Binche , Belgium on August 10 , 1840 .
When Europe 's librarians and intellectuals received the catalog , they could scarcely believe their eyes .
The books would have been valuable even if duplicate copies had existed , but the fact that each one was unique made them priceless .
The catalog contained detailed descriptions of the books , as well as numerous comments .
A typical comment read :
On August 9 , the day before the auction , the collectors descended on Binche like a pack of vultures .
The Belgian government even sent an official representative , believing that the collection was so valuable that it should be bought in its entirety and kept in the country .
But only disappointment greeted the hopeful buyers .
Try as they might , they could not locate any street named " rue de l' Église " in the town of Binche .
Their spirits sunk even lower when they read an announcement in the newspaper informing them that the town of Binche had decided to purchase the entire collection for its public library .
Disheartened , some of the collectors returned home , but others stayed , curious to view the unique books in their new home .
But although they searched and searched , they could n't find the library anywhere .
Only then did it gradually dawn on them .
There was no Binche public library .
There was no Comte de Fortsas .
The entire auction and list of unique books had been an enormous , elaborately designed hoax .
The man behind the hoax was a local antiquarian named Renier Hubert Ghislain Chalon ( 1802 -1889 ) .
The planning that had gone into the deception was incredible .
He had carefully researched the interests of all the major bibliophiles in Europe in order to ensure that they would make the long and fruitless trek to Binche .
And he had done all this merely for the sake of a practical joke .
The hoax proved not to be a total loss for its victims .
The catalog they had received itself became a highly coveted collector 's item .
Within a few decades it had more than quadrupled in price .
There was such demand for the catalog , that the printer of the original catalog , M. Hoyois , decided to publish a few more copies of it .
However , Chalon forbade him from doing so , leading to a legal battle between the two men .
This dispute is described in ( June , 1884 ) : An account of the Fortsas Bibliohoax , from Daniel Tredwell 's 1882 ( which , in turn , is extracted from Philes ' Philobiblion , volume II. , page 75 ) , is excerpted below :
haha awesome .
I as almost going to buy one of these , but the owner wanted too much ( 300 $ - 400 i think ) so i passed on it .
They must be incredibly heavy .
Did they ever come with a half height HDD ?
even if not i'm sure some would have been upgraded .
It 's intersting your example is built in the US .
IBM were manufacturing systems here at that time .. my XT came out of the Aus assembly .
Click to expand ...
The man who played Dracula and Saruman is to tell the story of Charlemagne , the first Holy Roman Emperor , through the universal language of metal
The man who played Dracula , Saruman and the Man with the Golden Gun is now to portray Charlemagne – through the medium of song .
Actor Christopher
Lee is to release an album of " symphonic metal " , telling the story of his own direct ancestor , the first Holy Roman Emperor .
" To my surprise and indeed great pleasure , I have suddenly found that there is another string to my bow , " Sir Christopher said in a video message .
Due on 15 March , Charlemagne :
By the Sword and the Cross features the 87 - year - old singing and acting alongside a full orchestra , choir , and a large cast of undisclosed guest vocalists .
" There 's a lot of characters in this particular album , " Lee explained .
" A lot .
There 's Charlemagne himself of course , which I sing , and then there 's young Charlemagne , Charlemagne 's father , Charlemagne 's brother , ... [ even ] the Pope . "
There 's also , er , some heavy - duty headbanging , courtesy of Italian composer Marco Sabiu .
As half of 1980s production duo the Rapino Brothers , Sabiu helped create hits by Kylie Minogue and Take That .
More recently , Sabiu worked with both Françoise Hardy and Luciano Pavarotti .
According to the project 's website , the lyrics were written by Marie - Claire Calvet , " a graduate from Bristol University " .
Calvet 's MySpace states that she is a fan of such metal luminaries as Judy Garland , Jacques Brel and Oasis .
" It 's pretty unexpected , " Lee admitted .
Although he has previously worked on metal projects – narrating several records by Italian band Rhapsody of Fire , and collaborating briefly with Manowar – he has never released an album before .
This particular project resonated not just with the actor 's dark , storm - whipped soul – but with his family tree .
" I am through the Carandini family [ his mother 's ] actually descended from Charlemagne , " he revealed .
" It 's fascinating for me that at this stage in my life , people are beginning to look upon me as a metal singer , " Lee said .
" When this comes out as a complete album , it 's going to be sensational . "
Listen to samples from Charlemagne : By the Sword and the Cross .
We have long been on the hunt for a glimpse of pop culture 's Loch Ness monster : Lady Gaga 's penis .
Last night , she tried to display her vagina again to throw us off the scent .
Good try , Gaga .
Almost !
As Gawker 's Resident Vagina Expert , I zoomed in on this picture taken during her performance at The Brit awards last night in London .
If you want to see click here .
For a minute , I was satisfied .
It appeared that this Lady does indeed have a lady flower .
But I pressed that little magnifying glass icon one more time and that is when I realized :
It is a prosthetic vagina !
That 's right , she strapped on a plastic falsie over her undifferentiated sex organs so that we would have no clue what she is really packing down there .
This is not the first time she has tried to trick us with a fake , and it will probably not be the last .
Why the shame , Lady G ?
Let that nubbin flap out proud .
We can't wait to see it !
[ Image via Getty ]
Slides from the talk [ pdf ]
Abstract : Dependently typed functional programming provides exciting opportunities for programming language research .
The possibilities for describing data invariants , finer program control , and code safety are reasonably well established .
However , many challenges remain , for instance the type proliferation problem , and the trustability of the core theory of a language .
In this talk I will present an approach to internalising the treatment of data types in a dependently typed functional programming language , using the notion of Universes .
I will show how this approach has implications for both problems outlined above .
The ideas I will present in this talk provide the framework for the data - types in the implementation of Epigram 2 , an experimental language which I will also spend some time describing .
Tarmo Uustalu
Last update 13.11.2009
Barack Obama pressed the start button on the first new construction of nuclear reactors in a generation today , announcing $ 8.3 bn in loan guarantees for the company building two .
Obama , in a visit to a job training centre in Maryland , said the loan guarantees to the energy giant , Southern Company , would help launch the first wave of construction of new reactors in nearly 30 years as well as advance his energy and climate agenda .
" Even though we have not broken ground on a new nuclear plant in nearly 30 years , nuclear energy remains our largest source of fuel that produces no carbon emissions , " he said .
" To meet our growing energy needs and prevent the worst consequences of climate change , we 'll need to increase our supply of nuclear power .
It 's that simple . "
The loans would commit the US government to repaying Southern 's loans if the company defaults .
The guarantees cover some 70 % of the estimated $ 8.8 bn cost of building the two new reactors at the company 's Vogtle plant , which is east of Atlanta .
White House officials said today 's announcement reinforced Obama 's pledge in his state of the union address last month to expand America 's use of nuclear energy and to open up offshore drilling .
Obama has also asked Congress in his budget request to triple loan guarantees for the nuclear industry to $ 54bn from the current $ 18.5 bn .
Obama 's pledge to the nuclear industry was seen as part of a strategy to win Republican support for a climate and energy bill that has stalled in the Senate .
Expanding America 's reliance on nuclear power – which currently supplies about 20 % of electricity – is one of the few elements of Obama 's energy and climate agenda to win broad - based support .
A number of Republican senators have demanded Obama help fund the construction of 100 new nuclear plants over the next decade .
Lindsey Graham , the Republican who is working closely with Democrats to draft a compromise cap and trade bill , is also on board with a greater role for nuclear power .
His state , South Carolina , gets nearly half of its electricity from nuclear power .
But the subsidies for the nuclear industry have made some senators as well as environmental organisations uneasy .
" It 's a heck of a lot of money , " said the Vermont senator , Bernie Sanders , who is an independent .
" The construction of new nuclear plants may well be the most expensive way to go . "
The administration is also stuck on a solution for nuclear waste , after shutting down plans to bury the waste in the Yucca Mountain range in Nevada .
The administration last month set up a panel to recommend new waste disposal solution .
Obama acknowledged those controversies today , saying : " There will be those who welcome this announcement , and those who strongly disagree with it .
The same has been true in other areas of our energy debate , from offshore drilling to putting a price on carbon pollution .
But what I want to emphasise is this : even when we have differences , we cannot allow those differences to prevent us from making progress .
On an issue which affects our economy , our security , and the future of our planet , we cannot continue to be mired in the same old debates between left and right ; between environmentalists and entrepreneurs . "
The Southern projects must still win licensing approval .
White House officials said the new reactors could come on line by 2016 or 2017 , and would generate 2.2GW .
Construction alone would create 3,500 jobs , and the plant itself would create 800 operations jobs .
The loan guarantees announced today are the first of some $ 18.5 bn in funding originally approved by Congress in 2005 .
How does Nuvi help local companies ?
Nuvi Local provides reputation management through reviews .
Review requests can be customized using custom templates .
QR codes can be used to generate review invitations .
Users can receive notifications when new reviews are received and the platform gives the user the ability to see and respond to reviews all in one interface .
Nuvi Local gives businesses the ability to push accurate info to 60 plus online directories through Locate .
Important information such as changes to business hours and business operations can be edited for one or multiple locations and published to all directories in one click .
It is more important than ever to keep this information up to date as changes in business operations occur during the COVID - 19 pandemic .
Nuvi Local gives businesses the ability to capture organic content and get consent to use the content all in one place .
Increase social media presence using a combination of Smart Social and organic content .
Easily schedule and manage social media content using the gallery and calendar .
Link found between golden ratio and atomic symmetry
( Nanowerk News ) Researchers in Germany and the UK have discovered symmetry hidden in solid state matter at very small scales .
The findings , published in the journal Science ( " Quantum Criticality in an Ising Chain : Experimental Evidence for Emergent E8 Symmetry " ) , indicate that symmetry involves the golden ratio famous from art and architecture .
The research was supported in part by the NMI3 ( ' Integrated infrastructure initiative for neutron scattering and muon spectroscopy ' ) project , which was funded under the ' Coordination of research activities '
Thematic area of the EU's Sixth Framework Programme ( FP6 ) to the tune of EUR 21 million .
Scientists say unexpected and even irrational behaviour goes hand in hand with particles at the atomic , or quantum , scale .
The emergence of new properties is triggered by what experts call ' Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle ' , which basically states that it is impossible to know both the exact position and exact velocity of an object at the same time .
The effect , however , is just noticeable on a subatomic scale .
For this latest study , the researchers investigated the magnetic material cobalt niobate , which is made up of linked magnetic atoms that form chains just one atom wide .
According to them , cobalt niobate comes in handy when someone wants to describe ferromagnetism at tiny scales in solid state matter .
The magnetic chain changes into a new state called ' quantum critical ' when a magnetic field is applied at right angles to an aligned spin , the team said .
The quantum critical , experts say , can be considered as being a quantum version of a fractal pattern .
' The system reaches a quantum uncertain - or a Schrödinger cat state [ composed of two diametrically opposed conditions at the same time ] , ' explained Professor Alan Tennant of Helmholtz - Zentrum Berlin für Materialien und Energie ( HZB ) in Germany , who co-authored the study .
' This is what we did in our experiments with cobalt niobate .
We have tuned the system exactly in order to turn it quantum critical .'
The researchers discovered that when they tuned the system and artificially introduced more quantum uncertainty , the chain of atoms acted like a nanoscale guitar string .
They used a special probe , ' neutron scattering ' , which enabled them to see the actual atomic scale vibrations of a system .
' Here the tension comes from the interaction between spins causing them to magnetically resonate , ' said lead author Dr Radu Coldea of Oxford University in the UK .
' For these interactions we found a series ( scale ) of resonant notes : the first 2 notes show a perfect relationship with each other .
Their frequencies ( pitch ) are in the ratio of 1.618 ... , which is the golden ratio famous from art and architecture . '
Scientists say that in mathematics and the arts , two quantities are in the golden ratio if the ratio of the sum of the quantities to the larger quantity is the same as the ratio of the larger quantity to the smaller one .
Dr Coldea underlined that there is nothing coincidental about that .
' It reflects a beautiful property of the quantum system - a hidden symmetry .
Actually quite a special one called E8 by mathematicians , and this is its first observation in a material . '
Mathematical theories developed for particle physics could find a niche in nanoscale science , and could fuel technology in future , according to the researchers .
' Such discoveries are leading physicists to speculate that the quantum , atomic scale world may have its own underlying order , ' Professor Tennant , who led the HZB team , said , adding that ' similar surprises may await researchers in other materials in the quantum critical state . '
This post is supported by Webdesigner Depot , a popular web design blog covering tutorials , design trends , blogging and inspirational posts .
You can visit WDD at webdesignerdepot.com and follow WDD on Twitter @designerdepot
Designing a great logo is no easy task .
It ’s something people will remember , something that tells a story .
In fact , your logo is a very important part of your branding .
It becomes a way to connect your company with your promotional efforts such as advertising , promo products , etc .
We all know branding is not just a pretty logo , but creating something that ’s memorable and that reflects what your company is about and effectively conveys your message will go a long way .
The tutorials featured in this post will walk you through the process of creating your own logo in Illustrator or Photoshop .
Needless to say that the design process should start with a pen and paper , but these tutorials should give you the tools you ’ll need once you sit at the computer .
Logo Design Process and Walkthrough for Vivid Ways ↓
Create an Origami Logo ↓
Use Illustrator To Create A Fun 3D Character Logo ↓
Abduzeedo 2010 Logo Design ↓
Umbrella Corporation logo ↓
Logo Design Process Tutorial ↓
Sony Ericsson Logo ↓
Sikbox Logo Design Process ↓
Create a logo identity ↓
Logo Design Project Step by Step Walkthrough ↓
Create a 3D Glossy Box Logo in Photoshop ↓
How to Design the Firefox Logo in Photoshop ↓
Step - by - step logo ↓
Day 30 : Designing a Logo ↓
Design a Grungy Circular Logo ↓
Constructing the Perfect Logo ↓
Create a silhouette logo for a steak house restaurant in adobe illustrator ↓
How to Design a Logotype from Conception to Completion ↓
Creating a crazy cool logo ↓
Create a Cool Music Logo on a Grunge Background ↓
Creating a Retro Logo ↓
Create a retro logo ↓
Photoshop Logo Jelly Remake ↓
Zee Logo in Illustrator ↓
Obama Logo Tutorial ↓
Google Chrome Logo Design ↓
How To Make A Badass WordPress Logo ↓
Making of Metallic Transformers Logo ↓
Creating a Rockstar Brand Logo and Styleguide in Illustrator ↓
Making the ATI LOGO photoshop tutorial ↓
Your Turn To Talk
I hope you enjoyed this post !
Have you written a logo design tutorial ?
If so , please make sure you drop the link in a comment below .
This post is supported by Webdesigner Depot , one of the most popular web design blogs out there .
It covers tutorials , design trends , blogging as well as inspirational posts .
It ’s run by Walter Apai , a web designer from Vancouver , Canada .
The blog is a great resource for both beginners and advanced designers looking to expand and improve their knowledge .
The site is visited by Fortune 500 companies and is used as a reference by many design schools .
Visited by almost 2 million readers per month , WDD is a prime resource for both graphic and web designers .
Visit WDD at webdesignerdepot.com .
Follow on Twitter : twitter.com/designerdepot .
Subscribe to RSS feed : webdesignerdepot.com/rss.htm
Pass your 640 - 816 as well as 640 - 822 exam with highest score using up to date practice questions by testking .
Also check out latest dumps for 70 - 649 exam .
About
Researcher ( Assistant Professor ) in Computer Vision and Machine Learning ( 2019 ) .
Stuart ’s research focus is on Visual Reasoning to understand the layout of visual content from Iconography ( e.g. Sketches ) to 3D Scene understanding and their implications on methods of interaction .
Prior to Stuart ’s current appointment , he was a Postdoctoral Researcher position also at Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia ( IIT ) working on 3D scene understanding with Dr Alessio Del Bue ( 2017 ) .
Before which Stuart worked at University College London ( UCL ) as a Research Associate working with Prof. Tim Weyrich ( 2015 ) working on 3D reconstruction of large relief art .
While at the University of Surrey he worked as a Research Fellow working on Charting the Digital Lifespan ( 2013 ) – a big social data classification task through the fusion of social image and comments while exploring the social implications .
Stuart ’s PhD completed in 2015 , also at the University of Surrey , explored how Visual Narratives ( Free - Hand sketched storyboards ) can be used for Video Retrieval and Synthesis .
Contributions involved approaches for Sketch - based Video retrieval and Dance Choreography Synthesis .
He also holds a BSc in Computer Science with Games development from the University of Hull .
During 2013 he visited INESC - ID ( IST ) , Portugal for an internship .
The research project looked at expanding prior work and integrating the user into the process of choreographic video synthesis .
This work focused on Human Computer Interaction developed and interactive process .
During his PhD and Post - doc positions at University of Surrey and UCL , Stuart has enthusiastically engaged with students through teaching opportunities .
By working as a lab assistant or marking student work .
He has assisted in Computer Vision , Robotics , Research Methods and Programming ( C , C++ ) modules .
Stuart is a member of several professional bodies including ACM , IEEE , BCS ; additionally part of specialist groups in research related fields .
Stuart regularly peer reviewers for : CVPR , ECCV , AAAI , BMVC , ICIAP , ACH , EADH , GCH conferences and workshops .
As well as Computers & Graphics and IEEE Transaction on MultiMedia , RA-L , Digital Scholarship in the Humanities journals .
Additionally , Stuart has worked at JCS Technology for over ten years as IT Manager .
Organising the lab infrastructure and services while making informed purchasing decisions .
This experience has broadened Stuart ’s interaction with industrial technologies and given an understanding which in turn has been used to guide research infrastructure .
PhD Students
Supervisor of Mohamed Dahy Abdelaher Elkhouly Visual scene understanding through geometry with Dr Alessio Del Bue ( IIT )
Collaborative supervisor of Daniele Giunchi
How we can sketch in Virtual Environments with Prof. Anthony Steed ( UCL )
Looking to do a PhD ?
We are always looking for good PhD candidates , so if you are interested in doing a PhD in Visual Reasoning please contact me to discuss the options .
We have yearly calls in the Italian education system and other options depending on the type of PhD .
Areas of research include :
Artificial Intelligence
Machine Vision
Information Retrieval
Digital Humanities
Cultural Heritage
Specifically :
Visual Reasoning
Visual Knowledge Reasoning
Visual Question and Answering
Abstract / Iconography Detection , Representation and Reasoning ( Sketch , Line , Hatching , Motifs , … )
Calls :
2020 University of Genova - Cycle XXXVI
[ Now closed ]
India refused to grant permission Wednesday for the commercial cultivation of its first genetically modified ( GM ) food crop , citing problems of public trust and “ inadequate ” science .
Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh said he was imposing a moratorium on the introduction of an aubergine modified with a gene toxic to pests that regularly devastate crops across India .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It is my duty to adopt a cautious , precautionary , principle - based approach and impose a moratorium on the release , ” until scientific tests can guarantee the safety of the product , said Ramesh .
However , he added there was still no agreement among scientists on what constitutes “ an adequate protocol of tests ” .
Ramesh said the moratorium was effective immediately and it would last “ for as long as it is needed to establish public trust and confidence . ”
“ I can not go against science but in this case science is inadequate , ” he added .
“ I have to be sensitive to public concerns . ”
Indian regulators had approved the new aubergine back in October and its introduction would have made it the first GM foodstuff to be grown in India .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the decision roused huge opposition and a broad spectrum of voices , including farmers , environmentalists and politicians of all stripes had urged the government to prevent its cultivation .
Ramesh spent the months since the decision travelling across the country holding public consultations with citizens .
Backers of the genetically modified aubergine said the product would boost yields by up to 50 percent , while reducing dependence on pesticides .
ADVERTISEMENT
But critics pointed to possible long - term health problems , and warned it would open the doors to a flood of other GM food crops .
Mathura Rai , the Indian scientist who led the group that came up with the modified aubergine , declined to comment directly on the moratorium , but insisted that GM crops had a crucial role to play .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We need a technology for increasing the quality production of vegetable crops , ” Rai , head of the Indian Institute of Vegetable Research , told AFP from his headquarters in Varanasi city .
“ In certain areas where traditional methods of breeding is not possible to improve the production or productivity , biotechnology can play a vital role , ” he said .
“ So this is the best option for increasing the production of quality aubergine in the country , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
The government ’s decision on Tuesday came at a sensitive time with growing public frustration over soaring food prices , following a particularly poor 2009 monsoon .
But Ramesh said there was “ no overriding food security argument ” for the introduction of GM aubergines .
He said he had considered the views of different interest groups in making his decision but denied he had been pressured by members of his cabinet or by companies producing genetically modified crops .
“ My conscience is clear .
This is my decision and my decision alone , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
India is one of the largest aubergine producers globally .
The seeds had been developed by local scientists but would have been marketed by an Indian company partly owned by the US multinational Monsanto .
India already allows the use of genetically modified cotton and supporters say it has sharply improved yields .
The front of Reason 's rack - style interface sure looks pretty , but it's when you delve round the back that things start to get really interesting .
When it comes to routing , Propellerhead 's software is endlessly flexible .
In fact , once you start getting busy with its virtual patch cords , you can do things in Reason that simply are n't possible in any other application .
Read more : Propellerhead Europa
Not convinced ?
Here are 14 routing and combining possibilities that you might not have considered .
1. Saving up
Reason 's much - lauded loop machine Dr. REX does n't facilitate the storing of presets ( or even the saving of specific commonly - used parameter setups ) , but you can use a Combinator as a work - around .
Simply Combine a Dr. REX and save the Combinator preset .
Now you 've automatically saved the settings of the Dr. REX , too !
Dr. rex with combinator
2. Ready , set , go
While Reason does n't feature channel strip presets , it actually offers something even more versatile .
By saving a commonly used sequence of effects ( for bass or vocals , etc ) as a Combinator patch , they 're available at any time .
3 . All together now
When you 're working with lots of individual drums , you 'll want to be able to set the levels separately , but you might also want to adjust the overall level of the section .
So , create a drum group using an additional mixer and route everything to a single channel .
4 . One plus one
Use a Spider Audio Splitter to create mad stereo effects from a mono signal .
Simply divide the signal , apply processing to one side ( or use different processing on each ) , then route the two resulting signals to either side of a stereo fader in your mixer .
5. ' Thormidable '
Have a look around the back of some of your synths to see what modulation options are available .
For example ,
Thor let 's you route CV signals into it to control things like filter cutoff .
You can also assign one modulator to multiple synths using a CV Splitter .
reason synth modulation options
6. Total Control
If you want a crazy source of modulation mayhem , you can't go too far wrong with Malström and its incredible array of LFOs .
Using a Spider Splitter , you can send these to multiple parameters all at once for some hectic automated control .
7. Talented Remix
The ReMix mixer enables you to control level and pan using CV controls , so you can use Spider CV Splitters to control more than one at a time with the same signal .
In fact , using chained Splitters you can control an entire mixer using one signal ( although you probably would n't want to ! ) .
8 . More saving up
It 's all very well saving a Combinator patch for every occasion , but if you 're going to save all the effects combinations that you think might come in handy , it 's vital that you organise them neatly .
Label each one clearly , and make sure you place them in easy - to - find and sensible folders .
9 . Shut the gate !
Some instruments , like Dr. REX , spit out gate signals , which can be used to modulate anything that accepts this type of information .
So you could , for example , use Dr. REX to send out a gate signal at the very moment every slice is triggered and then wire this into another synth 's input .
10 . March to a different beat
ReDrum outputs
Gate signals on every channel , so you can trigger other parameters and use a CV Merger to enable up to four ReDrum sounds to control the same one - or more if you create a chain of Spiders .
11 . Combined income
The Spider Audio Merger can be used to combine the inputs of a number of different sounds into one , which can then modulate the sidechain input on a compressor , thus avoiding the need for a sub-mixer .
12 . Pitching up
A lot of modern electronic music uses pitchbend sweeps , and these can be applied to multiple parts by sending the signal from one synth to all of the others , using a Spider CV Splitter or two if necessary .
This is also a good way to audition key changes .
reason thor
13 . Internal exam
Explore
Thor 's internal routing options and you 'll discover a vast array of parameters that can be routed to its external CV outputs .
There are four in total , enabling the syncing of a range of controls simultaneously , in addition to the numerous other CV outputs !
14 . Punched out
Try routing higher tuned oscillators out of Thor and through Reason 's effects devices , then back in , with the lower ones staying dry and punchy .
I 'm a product designer , engineer , and entrepreneur .
I grew up in Vermont and have lived in Boston , New York , and San Francisco , and Guangzhou .
When I 'm not working , I 'm running , reading , traveling , and trying new foods .
This one night only event celebrates the legacy of BC icon Eva Markvoort and the movement she created for organ donation and CF awareness with the launch of her documentary ten years ago .
The evening will include a screening of 65 _ RedRoses , inspirational speakers , friends , and a special musical guest .
This is a fundraising event in partnership with the Transplant Foundation of BC , with net proceeds going towards transplant research .
Special thanks to these sponsors : DGC BC , Onni
Date And Time
Sun , September 8 , 2019
7:00 PM – 9:30 PM PDT
Location
Vancouver Playhouse
600 Hamilton Street
Vancouver , BC V6B 2P1
Donations will benefit the Transplant Research Foundation of British Columbia , a partner of VGH & UBC Hospital Foundation .
VGH & UBC Hospital Foundation is Vancouver Coastal Health ’s primary philanthropic partner , raising funds for specialized adult health services and research for all British Columbians .
We partner with donors to drive innovation and sustainable health care at VGH & UBC Hospital , GF Strong Rehab Centre , Vancouver Coastal Health Research Institute and Vancouver Community Health Services .
Dear Cecil : According to the History Channel 's The History of Sex , the ancient Romans ate a specific plant for birth control purposes .
It was described as being enormously effective , to the extent that it was extinct by the fall of the empire .
I 'm sure a quick Web search would tell me the story of a worthless little herb , but I 'd like to hear you weigh in on this long - lost miracle drug .
Brett , Memphis
Cecil replies :
We need to clarify the logic here , Brett .
The fact that the Romans ate a certain plant into extinction does n’t tell us much .
Today tigers and rhinoceroses are hunted to the brink of oblivion because the tiger ’s penis and rhino ’s horn are thought to restore flagging virility .
The fact that a lot of mopes desperately want to believe something does n’t mean it works .
About that herb .
Long before hippies thought hemp could solve all the world ’s problems , Romans used an alleged wonder plant of the carrot and parsley family called silphium .
It was a sort of giant fennel that grew wild near Cyrene , an ancient coastal city in North Africa .
Silphium had many uses — perfume from its flowers , food from its stalk , and medicine from its juice ( or resin ) and roots .
The Romans did n’t discover the plant ’s properties — there ’s evidence the Greeks and Egyptians used it as a contraceptive as early as the seventh century BC on the advice of physicians , who recommended a monthly dose that mixed a lump of resin the size of a chickpea with water .
The Roman scholar Pliny the Elder described use of the resin ( called laser or laserpicium ) “ with soft wool as a pessary to promote the menstrual discharge . ”
Menstrual discharge , of course , means no pregnancy .
One physician in the second century AD named Soranus claimed a special recipe using silphium had been used to terminate pregnancies .
In Contraception and Abortion from the Ancient World to the Renaissance ( 1992 ) , medical historian John Riddle claims that modern studies show the recipe and others like it would work .
Did they ?
The possibility ca n’t be ruled out .
A long list of herbs must be avoided during pregnancy because they ’re abortifacients , causing contractions or damage to the lining of the uterus .
If taken as ancient writers claimed , silphium might have worked as a monthly morning - after pill .
Other items touted as contraceptives in antiquity include wild carrot ( a silphium relative also known as Queen Anne ’s lace ) , pennyroyal , and pomegranate .
In small doses many of these are known to stimulate menstrual flow , just as silphium is supposed to have done .
But some , pennyroyal for one , are poisonous — and if the abortion fails to occur , the infant can suffer birth defects .
Demographic studies suggest that the Roman world should have had a population explosion due to a low disease rate , plentiful food , and relatively few civilian war deaths .
Some have seized on the fact that it did n’t as evidence that people of the era had access to effective birth control .
Although silphium is no longer around , modern studies of the closely related plant asafetida show a 50 percent success rate in preventing implantation of fertilized eggs in rats , and it ’s nearly 100 percent effective when fed to them within three days of mating .
Likewise , studies of wild carrot have shown that it blocks production of progesterone , necessary for the uterus lining to maintain the fetus .
The seeds of Queen Anne ’s lace are still used as a birth control method today .
Plausible as all this sounds , one can’t help raising a few objections , the most obvious being that positing a successful , society - wide planned - parenthood program that endured for centuries on the basis of a few rat experiments is a mighty long leap .
Whether it was effective or not , silphium certainly was a popular plant .
Almost impossible to cultivate , it became the main source of economic power for Cyrene , a Greek colony in what ’s now Libya , where it grew wild .
Given the difficulty of growing it , the size of the contraceptive dose , and the number of people using the plant for other reasons , it was clear even to the ancients that it was headed for extinction , and the Cyreneans laid down strict rules regarding the silphium harvest .
Nonetheless , by the end of the first century AD silphium was no more .
( The last piece reputedly was eaten by the emperor Nero , evidently unclear on the concept of menstrual flow . )
After silphium disappeared , asafetida was used as a replacement , imported from what are now Iran , Iraq , and Syria .
Already used by the poor because it was cheaper and more plentiful than silphium , asafetida was considered inferior from both a culinary and medicinal standpoint .
Silphium may not have vanished from the face of the earth , though ; some believe it was the plant now known as Ferula tingitana , a giant fennel that has returned to North Africa .
Experiment if you like on your next trip to Libya ; personally , I ’d stick with the pill .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
( CNN ) --
The second - to - last time EJ Levy was at Disney World , she used a scooter to navigate the enormous park .
Her legs were weak and she suffered from foot drop caused by multiple sclerosis .
That was 4 ½ years ago .
On her most recent trip , a few months ago , Levy walked the entire time , thanks in part to a drug approved by the FDA on Friday .
The FDA says the drug , Ampyra ( generic name dalfampridine , formerly known as fampridine ) , is the first MS therapy that is taken orally and the first of its kind to receive FDA approval .
It is designed help people with any type of MS improve their walking speed .
The prime of her life
In 2002 , Levy was in her 30s and an active hiker and skier with a job on Wall Street and later in San Francisco , California .
But her life took a turn when she started stumbling , falling down and dragging her right leg .
Her doctor 's diagnosis ?
Secondary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis , a less common form of MS and , as the name implies , one that usually plagues people with the disease after its initial course .
The National Multiple Sclerosis Society defines MS as a " chronic , often disabling disease that attacks the central nervous system , which is made up of the brain , spinal cord and optic nerves . "
Symptoms of MS include extreme fatigue , difficulty walking , problems with memory and heat sensitivity .
The most common form of MS is relapsing - remitting , in which people have acute attacks followed by periods of remission .
In secondary progressive , however , the disease worsens steadily and there are no acute flare - ups .
People with relapsing - remitting may later develop secondary progressive MS .
Levy says she lived in the same building as her parents at one point because she needed them to help take care of her .
She says she mostly stayed at home , and when she did venture out she usually walked only a block or two with a cane .
She relied on a wheelchair for longer distances .
She says she realized she would eventually be unable to walk .
" I was scared of being in a wheelchair .
I was scared of getting worse and worse .
I had traveled around the world before I got sick , I was super independent , " Levy says .
Trying things out
After exhausting the usual MS treatments -- and developing intolerable side effects --
Levy also became frustrated that the treatments were primarily designed for people with the more common course of the disease , and not the secondary progressive course .
Levy 's neurologist then discussed the possibility of trying 4 - aminopyradine -- a version of the same drug the FDA approved Friday that was available only through compounding pharmacies .
Just three days after taking the drug , Levy was able to walk unassisted .
" I never thought I could put my cane away for good , " she said .
Now she hopes the same drug that helped her will be able to help other people .
She addressed an FDA advisory panel late last year and recommended approval of it .
" It 's about quality of life , " Levy says .
How it works
Two phase III clinical trials of Ampyra showed 35 and 43 percent of patients experienced , on average , a consistent improvement in their walking speed , increasing it by about 25 percent .
According to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society , even a modest improvement in walking ability could mean that thousands of people could benefit from the drug .
Dr. John Richert , executive vice president of Research & Clinical Programs at the National Multiple Sclerosis Society , says the drug can be used by most people with MS .
However , the drug is not for people with a history of seizures or people who have moderate to severe kidney disease .
Richert says approval means patients can now skip the compounding pharmacy and get a consistent , exact dosage in a guaranteed time - released formula , which would lower the risk of getting a toxic dose instead of a therapeutic dose .
" It 's likely that further study and clinical practice may help to determine the extent to which the drug may impact other functions , and may also provide hints as to which patients are most likely to respond positively to the therapy , " Richert said .
He added that the drug would not help nerves that have been destroyed and emphasized that people should try the drug to see if it works for them .
Ampyra may not work for everyone .
" Like any medication , people will have different responses , so they should talk to their doctors about whether it's appropriate to start therapy on Ampyra , " according to a spokesperson from Acorda , Ampyra 's manufacturer .
Moving with MS
Today , Levy is doing well .
She established the not - for - profit organization MS Hope for a Cure , and in three years the organization has raised $ 1.8 million for research and programs to help people living with MS .
She has also completed several five - mile hikes .
But she says she is always conscious of where she steps .
She says she occasionally has some weakness in her leg , but that she is thankful for every day : " I do n't ever take jumping out of bed for granted . "
But seriously , while going through Art History class I had a hard time NOT thinking of the Ninja Turtles .
They may or may not have been doodled into the margins next to Brunelleschi ’s perspective business .
Artist Stephen Pfeil depicted the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in the styles and poses of the artists for whom they were named .
And then he added some more artists from history into the mix .
He writes : Larger image at the link .
Link via Popped Culture
As Mr. McConnell should know perfectly well , that is not the question at all , core or otherwise .
The Obama administration has embraced the idea of using military tribunals for some terrorism suspects .
The Christmas bombing suspect , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , was arrested in the United States .
The American justice system does not allow people arrested in the United States for serious offenses to be detained and held without access to an attorney .
It is good that the administration is pushing back .
In a five - page letter to Mr. McConnell , Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. said that the handling of Mr. Abdulmutallab followed the sensible practices of presidents of both parties .
Although Mr. Abdulmutallab stopped talking at one point , he has since begun cooperating , according to administration officials .
Law enforcement agents know that many defendants talk after being told of their right to remain silent , Mr. Holder noted .
Republicans like to say that Mr. Obama is giving new rights to terrorists .
But Mr. Holder ’s letter noted that the Bush administration prosecuted more than 300 people on terrorism - related charges in federal courts without a whiff of complaint from those same Republicans .
He said those included Richard Reid , the so - called shoe bomber ; Zacarias Moussaoui , the only person convicted of involvement in the Sept. 11 attacks ; the man charged with plotting to blow up the Brooklyn Bridge ; and another who schemed to bomb the Los Angeles airport .
The Republican propaganda is a distraction from the real issue : that the counterterrorism system is malfunctioning more than eight years after the Sept. 11 attacks .
Like many of the nation ’s other problems , Mr. Obama inherited this one .
For eight years , Congress failed in its legal duty to oversee the intelligence community and the basic operational tasks of the Department of Homeland Security and correct the abusive system of detention at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , and elsewhere that made our country more vulnerable , not less .
Congress should be helping the president fix those problems , not piling up sound bites for November and trying to bring that shameful detention system home .
What Obama could learn from Bush
Last night , Craig Becker 's nomination to the National Labor Relations Board was approved , with 52 senators voting in favor of Becker and 33 voting against him .
Wait , sorry , I got that wrong .
It was rejected with 52 senators voting in favor of Becker and 33 voting against .
How ?
Well , the filibuster , grasshopper .
This led some lions of the Senate to take aim at the practice .
" I think [ the filibuster ] will either fall of its own weight -- it should fall of its own weight -- or it will fall after some massive conflict on the floor , " Carl Levin told the Huffington Post .
" The reason the filibuster rule has been supported all these years is people have used it responsibly , " Pat Leahy said .
" This is unprecedented . "
But the big news is that Barack Obama is finally threatening some recess appointments .
Unlike on legislation , the president is not powerless before obstruction of his nominees .
He , like most every president before him , can invoke his constitutional right to appoint during a congressional recess .
By this point in his term , George W. Bush had recess appointed 10 nominees , including one to the National Labor Relations Board in August of his first year .
We 're in February of Obama 's second , he has more than twice as many nominees held up as Bush did , and he 's only threatening his first recess appointment .
Bush had this right .
In his first year in office , he was using recess appointments and running major legislation through the reconciliation process .
That normalized those moves for the rest of his administration .
Using those tools was n't a story .
The Obama White House , by contrast , is holding those moves in reserve , which has allowed Republicans to paint them as extraordinary measures .
But they 're not extraordinary measures .
They 're basic elements of governance in an era of polarization and procedural obstructionism , and the White House should treat them that way .
Photo credit : Marvin Joseph / The Washington Post
Lindsey Graham says the White House now seems open to a new law to lay out the standards for open - ended imprisonment .
Sen. : W.H. mulls indefinite detention
The White House is considering endorsing a law that would allow the indefinite detention of some alleged terrorists without trial as part of efforts to break a logjam with Congress over President Barack Obama ’s plans to close the Guantanamo Bay prison , Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) said Monday .
Last summer , White House officials said they had ruled out seeking a “ preventive detention ” statute as a way to deal with anti-terror detainees , saying the administration would hold any Guantanamo prisoners brought to the U.S. in criminal courts or under the general “ law of war ” principles permitting detention of enemy combatants .
Advertisement
However , speaking at a news conference in Greenville , S.C. , Monday , Graham said the White House now seems open to a new law to lay out the standards for open - ended imprisonment of those alleged to be members of or fighters for Al Qaeda or the Taliban .
“ We ’re beginning to look at the idea we need to change our laws , come up with better guidance ” for judges handling cases of enemy combatants , Graham said .
“ I ’ve been talking to the administration for the last couple of days .
I ’m encouraged that we ’re going to sit down and do some of the hard things we have n’t done as a nation after Sept. 11 . ”
“ I think we need to change our laws to give our judges better guidance — rules of the road , ” Graham said .
“ We need a statute to deal with that . ”
Asked whether the White House is again considering a preventive detention statute , spokesman Ben LaBolt said : “ Sen. Graham has expressed interest in habeas reform and other policy ideas .
We will review constructive proposals from Sen. Graham and other members of Congress that are consistent with the national security imperative that we close Guantanamo and ensure the swift and certain justice the families of victims have long deserved . ”
Graham also suggested that administration officials who recently completed the review of all prisoners at Guantanamo believe that a new law would be a better way to keep those inmates locked up if they are transferred to the U.S .
“ I think the Obama administration , after they looked at the cases at Guantanamo Bay , understands the need for a statute like that , ” he said .
Taken as a whole , Graham ’s comments appeared to sketch the outlines of a potential overarching deal to resolve most of the issues surrounding Guantanamo Bay .
Confirming earlier reports , he said he is in discussions with the White House about legislation he has proposed to force a trial for alleged Sept. 11 plotters like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed out of civilian courts .
His proposal failed on a 54 - 45 vote last November , but congressional sources say the White House has expressed concern that it might not prevail if the legislation is put forward again .
While Graham has long favored closing Guantanamo , he said Monday that his support for doing so is contingent on a new law to govern the detention of those the government wants to keep in custody outside the criminal justice system .
He also said that , with such a statute in place , he could support Obama ’s plan to convert a state prison in Illinois to a federal facility for former Guantanamo inmates .
“ I think Thomson , Ill. , in the hands of the military , could become a secure location , ” he said .
“ My view is we can start to close Guantanamo only after we reform our laws . ”
Civil liberties advocates and many who back Obama ’s effort to close Guantanamo have opposed a preventive detention law as a departure from the tradition of prosecuting and punishing individuals for specific crimes .
Some critics have also expressed worries that such a law would be hard to limit and could be extended well beyond Al Qaeda operatives .
Asked why the administration had become more open to a detention statute , Graham cited recent court rulings and comments by several federal judges who said the legal standards for detaining enemy prisoners are too vague .
“ The judges are just absolutely beside themselves , ” Graham said .
“ I think that is something new the administration is listening to — the judiciary .
... I do believe there is a willingness by some in the administration to sit down and reform our habeas statutes . ”
Some human rights advocates said Monday that they did n’t doubt Graham had discussed a detention statute with the White House but were skeptical that officials there are actively considering it .
“ I ’m sure that that ’s what Sen .
Graham thinks , [ but ]
I do n’t have any reason to think the administration has changed its view on this .
The president was quite clear he does not want to legislate a system of preventative detention , ” said Elisa Massimino of Human Rights First .
“ In both private conversations and in public , the attorney general and other people in the administration said they ’re committed to driving the people detained without charge to zero .
I think that would be inconsistent with a pledge to do that . ”
Massimino also said Graham and others appeared to be trying “ hold hostage ” the Sept. 11 - related cases in order to achieve other legislative goals .
Graham did not say explicitly whether the law under discussion with the White House would cover only the men currently detained at Guantanamo Bay or others who might be captured in the future .
Tom Malinowski of Human Rights
Watch suggested that a law allowing future detentions would be of the greatest concern .
“ If they are in fact considering preventive detention legislation today , I think it would be a mistake both substantively and politically , ” Malinowski said .
“ Legislating preventive detention for the future would turn the Guantanamo anomaly into a permanent legal norm .
It would give every future president an authority that has n’t existed since the Alien and Sedition Acts — the authority to detain people without trial not because they were captured on a military battlefield but because they are considered a threat to national security .
There is no way to write that law ( especially in this Congress ) to prevent a less scrupulous president from abusing such authority in a moment of national crisis . ”
At least four federal court judges handling cases in which Guantanamo inmates challenged their detention have complained recently that the courts and the prisoners have no clear understanding of the legal standards to apply .
“ It is unfortunate , in my view , that the legislative branch of the government , and the executive branch , have not moved more strongly to provide uniform , clear rules and laws for handling these cases , ” Judge Thomas Hogan said at a hearing in December .
" It 's an honor to have the responsibility of blazing the trail in determining how justice should be administered in these cases , " Judge Ricardo Urbina said last month in an interview with ProPublica .
" By the same token , it 's also at times frustrating when not all the rules are clear and not all the specifics of how a matter should be dealt with are before us . "
Ethan Burnett spent a lot of time alone in his bedroom , and that was before he hit puberty .
Being alone was OK for Ethan , because at his desk and his chair in the corner of his room , in front of his computer , he was comfortable .
That was n't the case when Ethan was at school or at church surrounded by other boys and girls his age .
Ethan ( names of the teens in this story have been changed ) was a gamer , and even at 12 , he spent much of his idle time on the Internet .
The first time he stumbled across pictures of people having sex , it fit .
Like his games , the stream of Internet pornography did not stop , and even though looking at porn and masturbating felt wrong to Ethan , alone in his room , there was no one to stop him .
The technology got better as Ethan got older , and the millions of pictures became millions of videos ; Ethan could n't open all the doors if he tried .
If he had n't been so young , his parents might have thought that Ethan was shooting heroin .
The dark rings around his sagging eyes in the mornings revealed little sleep from the night before .
But Ethan 's parents , who live north of Houston , did n't flinch .
They thought he was fine until a weekend - long binge of Internet gaming and masturbating while looking at porn made him sick with dehydration .
Ethan is part of the first generation of teenagers who are computer literate and have had fast , unlimited access to the Internet basically since birth .
In fact , the rise of MySpace and Facebook has turned the Internet into the preferred method of communicating .
Advances in cell phone technology have allowed teens to get on the Internet in the back of their parents ' cars , in restaurants and classrooms .
These kids are well versed in texting , sending pictures , video chatting and whatever else pops up long before they can do a lick of algebra .
And like Ethan , they 're getting hooked on porn .
" If a child has a computer or takes a cell phone to bed at night , I can guarantee that they 're using it for some sexual purpose , " says Steve Schultz , a director at the Oxbow Academy , a private residential treatment facility in Utah and one of the only programs in the country for young boys with pornography addiction .
Oxbow also gets plenty of calls about girls who are addicted , but chooses not to treat them .
Schultz does n't know of any facility that does .
Dr. Robert McLaughlin , who treats teens at ADAPT Counseling , a private facility in Houston , adds , " In many cases , the kids are poorly supervised and the parents have a mistaken belief about what their kids are up to and are quite naïve about what their children are really doing with their time . "
The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , published by the American Psychiatric Association and viewed as the bible among shrinks , does n't recognize pornography addiction as an official disorder , although scientists in recent years have become more vocal about the notion .
A researcher from the University of Pennsylvania , for instance , testified to members of the U.S. Senate in 2004 .
" Even non -sex addicts will show brain reactions on PET scans while viewing pornography similar to cocaine addicts looking at images of people doing cocaine , " Dr. Mary Anne Layden told senators .
" This material is potent , addictive and permanently implanted in the brain . "
The federal government has never formally funded a study into the sexual behaviors of adolescents , but the little research that is being done has produced staggering statistics .
The average kid sees his first pornographic image at age 11 , and according to researchers at the University of New Hampshire , about 90 percent of children between the ages of 8 and 16 have looked at porn .
In fact , the largest group of Internet pornography consumers consists of teens between the ages of 12 and 17 .
The New Hampshire researchers also found that most kids who watch porn on the computer were n't searching for it the first time they found it .
If a sixth - grader , for example , was doing a research paper on Abraham Lincoln and errantly Googled " Abe Lincon , " one of the first things that would pop up is this definition : " This happens when a man shoots his cum on the girl 's face , letting it run down her chin . "
Armed with that information , a child could find all the porn he'd ever need , and it's not airbrushed pictures in Playboy kids are seeing .
" There 's been lots of tits and ass out there since 3000 B.C. , so if you 're trying to make money off just another booby site , then you 've got to be smarter , " says Ray Morris , whose company in College Station handles Internet security for huge sites like Girls Gone Wild and Twistys .
Morris has also worked in just about every technical area of the Internet porn industry , starting his first site in Austin in 1997 .
Early in his career , Morris flew to Dallas for a weekend to set up the first live video " adult chat " with sound .
" Maybe it 's Asian midgets , " Morris says .
" If you have the best Asian midget site on the Internet , then everybody who wants that is going to buy from you .
That 's the content that is successful . "
The effects are spilling over to the classroom .
Middle schools and high schools provide the perfect meeting grounds for aspiring porn producers and directors — young teen boys — and willing actresses — young girls .
The Houston Independent School District , at the start of this school year , passed an official ban on receiving , sending or possessing " sexually suggestive messages . "
The ban was aimed at stopping kids from passing around naked pictures on cell phones .
In December of last year , two boys at a middle school in Keller , about 35 miles west of Dallas , were arrested after getting young girls to take naked pictures of themselves , which the boys sent out to hundreds of classmates .
A 13 - year - old boy in Sanger was arrested on child pornography charges for having a nude photograph of a girl his age on his cell phone .
Pictures are n't the only problem .
A star athlete and homecoming king in Georgia was taken to jail for making a sex tape that featured him having sex with a girl and another girl performing oral sex on multiple boys .
Ethan , on the other hand , never went to jail , partly because his parents had the resources to seek help .
They sent him to a lockdown facility 1,500 miles away in Utah .
It was about their only choice .
Perhaps the most famous porn movie ever made , when viewed on video today , comes through as grainy , a reddish yellow color and almost warm .
One scene early in the movie features lead actress Linda Lovelace being examined by a doctor .
" So nothing turns you off to sex ? " the doctor asks .
" Nothing turns me off to sex , " she replies .
" I could spend the rest of my life getting laid ! "
Sexual intercourse follows .
The film , Deep Throat , would almost be considered soft by today 's Internet porn standards ; the movie 's plot largely centers on Lovelace 's quest to have an orgasm .
She succeeds after discovering that her clitoris is in the back of her throat .
Even the movie 's tagline , " How far does a girl have to go to untangle her tingle ? " is more shtick than smut .
Deep Throat was produced in six days for $ 25,000 , and it 's credited as the first adult film that had the same elements — plot and character development — as a mainstream feature film .
A 2005 documentary about Deep Throat said the film had grossed close to $ 600 million , making it the most profitable movie of all time .
That number has been doubted , but it 's never been questioned that the movie made a whole lot of money .
More important , it was the first porno that made it out to a mainstream audience .
The modern porn industry was born .
Before the release of Deep Throat in 1972 , pornography was a seedy , backroom industry .
Hugh Hefner had already started Playboy , but it was n't until 1970 that pictures showing pubic hair were published .
More and more adult theaters were erected between 1960 and 1970 , but many states used an anti-prostitution act from the early 20th century to shut them down .
The demand for Deep Throat , however , was too strong .
The 2005 documentary Inside Deep Throat shows archival news footage from the 1970s , and in one clip , a white - haired grandmother wearing a cherry - red suit and a string of pearls , standing outside a movie theater , says , " I liked it .
I wanted to see a dirty picture , and that 's what I saw .
I do n't want someone telling me I can't see a dirty picture . "
The woman 's attitude was n't far off from that of the rest of the country involved in the pornography debate .
An article titled " Porno Chic , " for example , appeared in The New York Times Magazine about a year after Deep Throat came out , and the reporter wrote that the film " helped people expand their sexual horizons and particularly emphasized that a woman 's sexual gratification was as important as a man's . "
The article 's mention of celebrities like Jack Nicholson and Truman Capote seeing the film did n't hurt the movie 's acceptance , either .
Members of the judiciary joined the debate as well , almost from the beginning , and in March 1973 , a judge in New York City ruled that Deep Throat was obscene and banned it .
The day after the ruling , the judge was quoted by The Associated Press as saying , " This is one throat that deserves to be cut . "
That same year , a grand jury in Houston indicted the owner and five employees for playing the movie at the Cinema West theater in downtown .
The film was shown just three times before the Houston Police Department confiscated it .
But after being arrested , Joe Spiegel , the owner of the movie theater , obtained another copy of Deep Throat and held private viewings for people in the city , including members of the Houston Athletic Club and local media , according to an article from the now - defunct Houston Post .
About 200 students showed up to watch Deep Throat at the University of Houston .
After two mistrials , then - District Attorney Carol Vance told The Associated Press , " Although a majority may oppose showing this explicit film , the sole issue is whether the film is illegal ...
It is extremely doubtful any Harris County jury would be able to reach a unanimous verdict . "
" They were never going to stop us , " says Scott Fuller , who has worked at different adult video stores in Houston for the last couple of decades .
Deep Throat , now digitally mastered and sold on DVD , is carried at different stores statewide , and it continues to sell well .
Fuller 's latest gig is Pleasure Zone , an adult video store , and while adult video sales have dipped since Fuller started in the industry , " anything we carry , people buy . "
On a recent evening at Pleasure Zone , which was lit up like a Gap store in the Galleria , Fuller worked the register .
A couple of video racks had been taken down to make room for more sex toys — those used to be illegal too — in preparation for Valentine 's Day , but the films remain a big part of the store .
One of the best sellers goes for $ 73 .
" People always ask what we have in the back , " Fuller says .
" But I tell them , if it 's not up front , it wo n't sell . "
Ethan Burnett never had to tell anyone what he was looking for .
All it took was a quick Google search .
If he searched for " porn " on any random night , the result might be a link to the popular video - streaming site pornhub.com .
The top video on Porn Hub for this particular search might be " Drunk , High and Cock Hungry , " provided by the site collegefuckfest.com .
The video features a young woman surrounded by a group of men at a party , taking off her shirt and pants before performing oral sex on a guy in front of a group of college - age students .
If Ethan moved on from Porn Hub , he could click on another Google result : keezmovies.com , full of similar video streams .
The top video on Keez might be titled " Slut Masked and Gangbanged , " featuring a young woman having sex with half a dozen men at the same time .
It would take less than 20 minutes to view both videos , and neither cost a dime .
High - end pornography today that sells on DVD and Blu-ray has basically moved mainstream , pushed by the home video boom of the 1980s .
Porn actresses do far better than Lovelace , who made a little more than $ 1,000 for her role in Deep Throat and was arrested for cocaine possession a couple years after the movie 's release .
Jesse Jane , for instance , who was born just outside of Dallas , acted in a 2005 adult film that had a $ 1 million budget .
The movie , Pirates , which sells at Pleasure Zone for $ 73 , was also released in a toned - down version and carried by Borders and Barnes & Noble .
Jane told Howard Stern that she pulled down six figures making five films a year .
Forbes magazine estimated that a porn company started by Jenna Jameson , who made about 50 adult movies in a 10 - year span , is worth $ 30 million .
Vanessa del Rio , who worked in the porn industry for 25 years , also acted in the ABC series NYPD Blue .
If the porn industry has a dark side now , it 's on the Internet .
" There 's so much free stuff , coming out so fast , and it's all junk , " says Fuller , who does n't own a computer and stays away from Internet porn .
" Our customers keep spending money here because they have kids , or grandkids , and the kids get on the computer too . "
Authorities have n't done much to stop children from watching porn on the Internet .
They 've cracked down on child pornography , and those arrests are often massive and highly publicized , but regulating what people produce and publish on the Internet has proved trickier for the government .
Courts have left that task up to cities and states , and the governing law depends on where a person is viewing the porn .
So if a kid in Texas were looking at a hardcore porn site based out of Nebraska , it would be up to Texas to pursue any criminal charges .
" There are tens of thousands of laws , and that 's the problem , " says Morris , the Internet porn guru in College Station .
" Every city , every county , every state , those laws apply to every Web site .
How are you going to comply with that ?
You 're not .
Most Web masters say , ' We can't follow the law , so why try ? ' "
Producing and selling a sex tape in Texas is n't legal — California is the only state where it is — but the Internet culture has some haphazard views on the law .
" I 've shot stuff in Texas , and there 's certainly stuff being filmed in Texas now , " Morris says .
" But you just try to fly under the radar , do n't do anything with bondage , no rape fantasy , anything that might get the [ district attorney ] or the neighbors interested , and you hope for the best . "
The federal government has tried to protect kids from porn , starting in 1996 with the Communications Decency Act , and two years later , the stricter Child Online Protection Act .
The law basically outlined criminal punishment for anyone who made pornographic material available to kids under 18 .
The act became the subject of litigation almost immediately after being signed into law , and as recently as the summer of 2008 , a federal circuit court upheld earlier rulings that the act violated the 1st and 5th amendments .
In effect , there are almost no penalties under federal law for a Web site that makes porn available to children .
Not that it would have mattered much anyway .
" COPA was n't that big of a deal , " Morris says .
" Proving [ age ] was a little bit of a concern , but most of the people in the industry have that teenage attitude of , ' It 's never going to happen to me .
I can get away with anything . ' "
Tube sites — places like Porn Hub and Keez Movies — are the rage of Internet porn right now .
It started back when YouTube exploded in 2005 and 2006 , causing the adult industry to follow .
Along with the above - mentioned sites , there 's youporn.com , pornotube.com , youjizz.com and just about every other catchy spin on YouTube .
And all the free stuff is driving customers to spend money on Internet porn .
" I hear a lot of complaining about the free stuff hurting business , but I do n't hear the complaining from the guys who have been successful year after year , " Morris says .
" Those guys look at it and say , ' OK , there 's free stuff out there , there 's always been free stuff out there , so how do we use that to make money ? ' "
Morris started his first " porn " site in the infant years of the Internet boom , after he was offered a free site for signing up with an Internet provider .
Adult Web sites were pulling in about 80 percent of the money being spent online and 70 percent of the traffic .
( Those numbers today have fallen to about a 60/50 split , Morris says . )
He was 21 years old and working at a fast - food restaurant , so Morris went with what was selling :
He used his free Web site to post six pictures of Alyssa Milano .
Then he got involved in an affiliate program , posting ads for other Web sites on his page , and each time someone clicked on an ad on his Alyssa Milano site , Morris got 10 cents .
" It took all of an hour to set up , " Morris says .
" But a couple weeks later , I got a check for $ 25 , and a couple weeks after that , I got another check .
I worked for an hour and kept getting $ 25 over and over , so I figured , ' What happens if I work for 10 hours ? ' "
Two years later , Morris was making $ 8,000 a month with his sites .
The money model was fairly simple back then , mainly funneled through a program called Adult Check .
Consumers paid $ 30 a month for access to about 80,000 Web sites .
Morris never took money from a person looking at his porn , but received a percentage of Adult Check 's profits .
" That model has pretty much gone away , " Morris says .
Web companies now can process credit card payments , something individual owners could n't do 10 years ago .
Most of the sites that have the endless supply of free material are operated by smaller pay sites that provide a niche product , usually one fetish or another .
The free sites link to the pay sites , and if a person does n't buy there , it links back to a free site , which will lead to another pay site .
The ultimate goal is to get someone to stumble across something he has to buy .
" Let 's say you have blackgirlsandmustangs.com .
If someone wants to see black girls and Mustangs , that 's where you go , " Morris says .
" If you 're not the best with the black girls and Mustangs , if you opened up darkskinnedwithfordsandsportscars.com , then nobody 's going to buy it , and you 're not going to make shit . "
A goal for a site might be to retain 200 members who pay $ 30 a month for membership to the site .
That Web master would pull down $ 6,000 for the month , money made , more than likely , from running the site as a side job from his house .
" The Internet is the perfect market economy , " Morris says .
" If you 're the best at what you do , if you produce the best product , you 're going to make a butt - load of money . "
Logan Moore was hooked on child pornography by the time he was a teenager .
He found out that getting the stuff , however , especially the videos of young kids being molested , could be hard for someone his age .
The amount of kiddie porn Logan collected was expanding , but his stockpiling became tough after he fixated on one " prepubescent " child who had been molested and raped over a long period of time on film .
The videos were released in short segments only , and the people who distributed the stuff were guarded , to say the least .
Logan plodded through online chat rooms where pedophiles conversed , and he presented himself as an adult , constantly working to find videos of the young child he wanted to watch .
Logan later admitted to spending six hours at a time hunting down the content featuring the kid .
" He described to me that it reached the point where it was no longer for sexual arousal , " says McLaughlin , the doctor who works with teens at Houston 's ADAPT Counseling .
" He became attuned to the look in the child 's eye that showed she recognized that she had lost control .
It was the helplessness that served as the stimulus . "
The ADAPT program works with about 50 teens — mainly in the 12 to 17 age group — from Harris County at any given time , and more than half of those are referred from the Harris County Juvenile Probation Department .
Teens who are hooked on child porn , bestiality , bondage or rape simulation are rare , McLaughlin says , but those kids do come through the program .
" That pulls particular interest for a child , because it is unusual and bizarre , " McLaughlin says .
" Kids who explore in that area begin to do so right around puberty , when kids will overhear or partake in conversations that for some kids are jokes but other kids take more seriously . "
McLaughlin has even treated kids who have had sexual encounters with animals .
" They 're available , and they do n't report or complain , " he says .
" Some kids , especially the ones without social skills , they might act out those sexual impulses on available targets , and that can be family pets , or in rare instances , we 've had kids who have had sexual encounters with farm animals . "
He adds , " Because of the nature of the Internet now , kids have that as a resource to find out whether what they 're hearing is real , and they do n't have to look very far to find out that it can be very real . "
A top result of a Google search for " bestiality , " next only to Wikipedia , is basically a YouTube of animal porn .
Videos of men and women having sex with horses and dogs and just about everything else are instantly available .
" If we found a dad 's Playboy when I was young , we 'd look at it , but eventually we'd get bored and go play football , " says Shawn Brooks , a founder of Oxbow Academy , the lockdown facility in Utah .
" Now an adolescent can sit in front of a computer for 15 hours and never see the same thing twice . "
Brooks , along with Steve Schultz , was in Houston in January to meet with family therapists and talk about treating kids who are addicted to porn .
Teens who end up at Oxbow — the academy only accepts 13 - to - 17 - year - old boys — are extreme cases .
One boy , for example , was out to eat with his parents and was caught in a bathroom stall masturbating to porn on his cell phone .
Another Oxbow kid had continually broken through the restrictions and locks his mom put on the family computer to stop him from looking at pornography , and when his mother finally removed the computer , the boy broke into a neighbor 's house .
One teen , in a recorded therapy session at Oxbow , said , " I think honestly what I deserve right now , for what I have done , is to be locked away for a long time . "
" We get the kids who let [ pornography ] have a serious effect on their daily lives , " Schultz says .
The teens at Oxbow — it 's in Utah because the state does n't have any anti-lockdown laws — have also , for the most part , been through their local school counselor / family therapist / church counselor systems with no results .
" I think there are a lot of therapists who have contact with it , " Brooks says .
" They just do n't necessarily know how to treat it . "
Things in Texas are no different .
In 2004 , about the same time McLaughlin saw a rapid increase in the number of patients with pornography addictions , a 14 - year - old boy walked into a Sex Addicts Anonymous meeting in Houston , marking the first time a teen had tried to join a meeting in the city .
Carol Ann " R , " a recovering sex addict herself , was there and says the group was stunned , unsure how to proceed .
" We 're just a fellowship for people who have a desire to stop .
Anyone is welcome ; we trust people to tell the truth and do n't think anyone would lie about being a sex addict , " Carol Ann says of the group , which has its national headquarters in Houston .
" But with teenagers , we have to be so careful because of age .
We needed to develop a special message . "
After about 30 minutes of debate , the group allowed the boy to stay at the meeting , but it would be the last time a teenager seeking help would be allowed do so , because the " legal responsibilities transcend 12 - step traditions . "
According to Carol Ann , Sex Addicts Anonymous has created a program for teens wanting to join the organization .
It has a rigorous and lengthy screening process for the teen and any adult who agrees to be the kid 's sponsor .
A faster - growing portion is a group for the parents of such teens .
One Houston mom joined Sex Addicts Anonymous after she discovered that her stepson had been using her credit card to buy pornography .
" I do n't know how to access the degree of it , but it turned out it was going on for quite a while , " she says .
" It 's definitely a problem , because it influenced him in a negative way and certainly the household .
My husband and I want a completely porn - free house , and we 're both going to the 12 - step group , and we want to focus on recovery . "
Getting her son to commit to therapy of any kind has been more difficult .
The mom says that he has talked to " one or two people , " but the therapy is n't " completely under way . "
Dr. Milton Magness runs a practice in Houston for men with sexual addictions , and he treats celebrities and professional athletes , who have the same issues , at a resort in the Canadian Rockies .
Magness ' career has been as successful as any family therapist could hope for , but he rarely treats anyone younger than 17 .
" It 's such a specialized area of care , that for the most part I will not treat younger teens , " Magness says .
" I 'll get calls from Mom and Dad who say they want something straightened out , but when I talk to the son on the phone , he 's not motivated .
I 'm not going to treat him . "
Jake Turner went to therapists during his entire childhood , starting after he was kicked out of kindergarten .
Early on , he was diagnosed with attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder and separation anxiety , and psychiatrists loaded Jake up on pills .
" At one time he was on $ 1,400 worth of meds a month , and that was out of pocket , " says Jake 's father , James , who wished only to be identified as living in " a Southern state . "
" A lot of those counselors were n't real good , and one just about killed him with an overdose . "
Meds did little to help Jake 's behavioral problems , and at school and church , he would lash out at other kids his age , as well as adults .
As he grew up , Jake enjoyed the company of young children half his age , his father says , but he could n't make friends with his peers and constantly caused problems .
" It was always someone else 's fault , " James says .
" His typical answers were , ' They do n't like me , nobody likes me , they hate me . '
Things would escalate , and boom , he 'd burst out the door of high school and run down the road . "
During his junior year , Jake hit a teacher .
Then his parents found out Jake had been buying hardcore pornography .
The family withdrew Jake from school and sent him to a 51 - day wilderness camp for troubled teens in North Carolina .
One evening while he was at the camp , Jake called his parents and told them he had been molested , starting at age 5 , for about four years by an older kid , the son of a family that lived next to Jake 's baby - sitter .
" It was n't something pleasant to listen to , to hear him tell that story , " James says .
" But we felt relief that now we knew what to go and attack . "
The family sent Jake to Oxbow after he returned from wilderness camp , to " give him a new thought process , " James says .
Jake was there for more than a year , spending his 17th birthday and senior year of high school being treated in Utah .
" He begged to come home , and he begged us to come get him , " James says .
" But we were committed to whatever time it took . "
After he was sent to Oxbow , Ethan Burnett experienced actual withdrawal pains .
Missing the endorphins that would shoot into his body from sitting in front of the computer , looking at porn and masturbating , was too much for him to handle .
Ethan broke down , unable to stop crying or punching the floor .
" They have a hard time not masturbating every 15 or 20 minutes , " Brooks says .
To combat that , Oxbow has implemented a prison - like regimen .
The boys are under constant supervision by staff members , because all it takes is 10 seconds , Schultz says , to quickly grope another boy .
" They do n't do it to achieve orgasm , but they 're trying to create a memory to masturbate to later , " Schultz says .
Boys at Oxbow are allowed 10 minutes in the bathroom , and because of a variance granted by the state of Utah , the boys are monitored by video cameras and motion detectors while they sleep .
It would be nearly impossible for the boys to escape .
" And we 're in central Utah in the middle of nowhere , " Brooks says .
" There is n't anyplace to go . "
The therapy at Oxbow focuses on group sessions , and in one exercise , the boys get together in small groups and try to corral horses without putting their hands on the animals .
" Force will normally get what you want , but you do n't always need to get what you want , " one of the boys said in a recorded session , after being asked what he learned from the horses .
Another major part of the therapy is a lie - detector test , aimed at getting to the underlying issues that caused the boys to get hooked on porn .
Some of the teens at Oxbow come from divorced families , some were adopted and some had even been sexually abused , but almost all of them were socially awkward at home and detached from boys and girls their age , causing them to find solace in hardcore pornography .
Ethan remains at the academy , but Jake recently returned home .
A big challenge , his father says , came recently when he got a new computer to start taking online classes at a community college .
" An alcoholic that wanted to stay sober would n't go into a bar , " Brooks says .
" But these kids will always be in front of a computer . "
“ Unintended Consequences ” : A Feature , Not a Bug
It ’s misleading , in my opinion , to refer to the “ unintended consequences ” of legislation .
Most of the powers government exercises , and the bread and butter of its functionaries , are probably “ unintended consequences ” of legislation .
Despite the role that industry lobbyists play in drafting legislation , there are still probably a considerable number of idealistic Congresscritters and legislators who actually intend the legislation they churn out to achieve its publicly stated aims .
These people may be statists , but they ’re sincere ; when they pass “ A Bill to Do X , ” it ’s because they want to do x .
The problem is , such people are useful idiots for the interests that really benefit from the legislation .
And from the standpoint of the latter , the “ unintended consequences ” are the whole damn point of it .
Functionally , unintended consequences are what legislation is really all about .
As I recall , sponsors of the WWI - era Sedition
Act gave all sorts of assurances on the floor of Congress that it would be used only in a relatively narrow set of clearly defined circumstances , and would not be used for wholesale crackdowns on dissent .
The bill itself included provisions to “ guarantee ” it would n’t be abused .
You probably know how that turned out ; if not , just Google “ War Hysteria , ” “ Red Scare , ” and “ A. Mitchell Palmer . ”
The same thing has happened in the enforcement of “ counter - terror ” legislation today .
The Washington Post reports the FBI routinely ignored its own procedural rules intended to protect civil liberties .
“ The FBI illegally collected more than 2,000 U.S. telephone call records between 2002 and 2006 by invoking terrorism emergencies that did not exist or simply persuading phone companies to provide records , according to internal bureau memos and interviews . ”
The RICO statutes , ostensibly passed for the narrow purpose of prosecuting organized crime operations ( you know , like the Mafia ) , have been used against targets ranging from Operation Rescue to the antiglobalization movement .
There ’s a whole range of laws , originally passed for some noble - sounding and limited purpose , whose present function is mainly to allow government thugs to shop for a pretext to go after people they do n’t like .
If you want to get somebody , you just look through the statute book ( like Neo in the gun shop before the lobby scene ) until you find some arcane law that ’s tailor made for busting him .
There ’s no such thing as too much of a stretch .
Today in New Orleans , according to a news item brought to my attention by regular reader and commenter Aster , statutes originally created for dealing with predatory child molesters are being used to harass sex workers .
Hundreds of prostitutes have been charged with “ unnatural copulation ” ( i.e. oral or anal sex ) , a felony that NOLA cops and prosecutors use to justify registering convicted sex workers as “ sex offenders . ”
This means , in practice , that their neighbors get picture postcards identifying them , and that they are excluded from all public shelters except special coeducational sex offender shelters with no separate safe area for women ( remember the Astrodome ? ) .
Being on the sex offender registry means getting excluded from employment by people who automatically ( and naturally enough ) assume a “ sex offender ” is someone who , you know , was messing around with little kids — the ostensible purpose for which the legislation was originally passed .
For all too many of the people actually staffing the machinery of government , shit like this is n’t an “ unintended consequence . ”
It ’s a license .
No matter how impressive the title of a bill , or how high - minded its sponsors sound on the floor of Congress , in practice it means giving petty despots and sociopaths an unlimited power to harrass , rob , imprison and murder .
The simple fact of the matter is , when you will to achieve an end through the coercive state , you also will the “ unintended consequences . ”
Live with them .
Own them .
“ Unintended , ” my ass .
A collaborative team of neuroscientists at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) , the University of Iowa , the University of Southern California ( USC ) , and the Autonomous University of Madrid have mapped the brain structures that affect general intelligence .
The study , to be published the week of February 22 in the early edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , adds new insight to a highly controversial question :
What is intelligence , and how can we measure it ?
The research team included Jan Gläscher , first author on the paper and a postdoctoral fellow at Caltech , and Ralph Adolphs , the Bren Professor of Psychology and Neuroscience and professor of biology .
The Caltech scientists teamed up with researchers at the University of Iowa and USC to examine a uniquely large data set of 241 brain - lesion patients who all had taken IQ tests .
The researchers mapped the location of each patient 's lesion in their brains , and correlated that with each patient 's IQ score to produce a map of the brain regions that influence intelligence .
" General intelligence , often referred to as Spearman 's g- factor , has been a highly contentious concept , " says Adolphs .
" But the basic idea underlying it is undisputed : on average , people 's scores across many different kinds of tests are correlated .
Some people just get generally high scores , whereas others get generally low scores .
So it is an obvious next question to ask whether such a general ability might depend on specific brain regions . "
The researchers found that , rather than residing in a single structure , general intelligence is determined by a network of regions across both sides of the brain .
" One of the main findings that really struck us was that there was a distributed system here .
Several brain regions , and the connections between them , were what was most important to general intelligence , " explains Gläscher .
" It might have turned out that general intelligence does n't depend on specific brain areas at all , and just has to do with how the whole brain functions , " adds Adolphs .
" But that 's not what we found .
In fact , the particular regions and connections we found are quite in line with an existing theory about intelligence called the ' parieto - frontal integration theory . '
It says that general intelligence depends on the brain 's ability to integrate -- to pull together -- several different kinds of processing , such as working memory . "
The researchers say the findings will open the door to further investigations about how the brain , intelligence , and environment all interact .
The work at Caltech was funded by the National Institutes of Health , the Simons Foundation , the Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina , and a Global Center of Excellence grant from the Japanese government .
Perhaps the most reclusive figures in modern journalism , Drudge ’s air of mystery is such that some people wonder whether he still exists .
He did , however , make an appearance at a Washington DC rally when Hillary Clinton pulled out of the Democratic primary contest in June 2008 .
Very occasionally , he will return an email at a strange time of day .
Although based in Miami , he is rumoured to be constantly on the move and often abroad .
An admirer of the British media ( which he frequently links to ) he is believed to have spent time in the UK recently .
His website remains defiantly low tech .
As the Telegraph ’s own Shane Richmond described it : “ It ’s a simple idea , executed brilliantly .
The Drudge Report is a page of search results , handpicked for an audience its author knows well . ”
His site is reputedly run by just him and one other person , based in Los Angeles .
Such is the fascination with what motivates Drudge ’s choices that the Washington Post ’s Chris Cilizza coined the term “ Drudge - ologist ” , who dismissed “ the inevitable argument that Drudge 's influence is overblown ” by saying : “ Tomorrow morning , take a minute to look at the stories Drudge is highlighting .
Then , later in the day , watch a few cable channels to see what stories they are talking about .
It will open your eyes . ”
Not many parties are truly unforgettable ; one of the few I can still recall is that held on 9 April 1992 at the Savoy Hotel by Conrad Black , at the time the proprietor of the Daily Telegraph .
This was the night of the general election ; and in the weeks leading up to it , as it seemed ever more likely that the Conservatives would lose power and Neil Kinnock would become Prime Minister , an increasing number of acceptances flowed in from Labour - supporting glitterati , anticipating the pleasure of seeing the humiliation not just of the Tories , but that of the host in particular , who would have to see them toasting the defeat of the party his newspapers supported with champagne he had paid for .
This point was made to me with undisguised delight at the beginning of the evening in question by Neil Kinnock 's friend , the writer John Mortimer ( who in any case never needed an excuse to drink good champagne ) .
John was a man of outwardly sunny disposition ; but I recall how his features hardened to a carapace of venomous rage as it became clear , from the first results , that the Tories were on course to win a fourth successive election .
The despondency that then enveloped Labour 's supporters in the media – let alone the party itself – is hard now to imagine : Robert Harris accused the public as a whole of being " liars " and declared in his Sunday Times column that " the Labour Party , as presently constituted , will never again win an election " .
Well , we all now know what happened next .
Within months of the Conservatives ' improbable victory in the midst of a recession , the pound sterling had been vomited out by the European Union 's Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM ) ; and since our membership of this club had been hailed by Mr Major as the sole guarantor of our economic health and future prosperity , his party 's reputation for competence was shredded beyond repair .
The political execution by the electorate was deferred for five years ; but long before the Tories were obliterated in the 1997 general election , the more astute among its supporters had come to the conclusion that the party 's biggest misfortune had been to win the previous one .
This was in part because even from July 1992 Labour 's then shadow chancellor , one Gordon Brown , had been as fanatically committed to the bitter end to our membership of the ERM as had Mr Major .
Had Labour won the 1992 election , the economic circumstances which trashed both the currency and the occupants of Downing Street would have had exactly the same effect on a Kinnock administration .
In some ways , it might even have been worse for a Labour Government : since the party 's reputation for economic competence was shaky in the first place , it would have dramatically reinforced the innate scepticism of the public about Labour 's basic reliability .
So as David Cameron 's Tories begin to show signs of panic at their recent falls in the opinion polls – one published this weekend had its lead over Labour cut to six points – I offer these memories to them by way of consolation and comfort .
Of course , the Tory leadership desperately wants to win the general election this May ( and are still favourites to do so ) ; but they should also recognise that , in narrowly political terms , victory would do the Labour party no favours .
When James Purnell , one of the brightest of the Blairites , declared last week that he would not fight his seat at the general election , I wondered if his inner argument was not along these lines : that although it would be unpleasant to lose the election , he could still less bear to contemplate the thought of being a Labour Member of Parliament with Gordon Brown remaining Prime Minister , and party leader , after 6 May .
Leave aside the prospect of more years under the command of such a morbid misanthrope as Mr Brown ( and it is this , rather than the Prime Minister 's alleged bullying , which fills his colleagues with such despair ) ; what is the political and economic inheritance which the Labour government would bequeath to its reconstituted self ?
The scene would be something like the end of Conrad 's Heart of Darkness , when Kurtz in a sudden moment of realisation declares : " The Horror ! The Horror ! "
The victim of the former rugby - playing Prime Minister 's hospital pass – as he has both shattered the country 's finances while also making further commitments which can not possibly be afforded– would not be David Cameron , but himself .
It would be Gordon Brown , Mr Public Investment , who would have to cut state expenditure on a scale which has never before been done in this country – a guarantee of vicious internecine conflict between the Labour Party and its main financial backers , the public - sector trade unions ; either that or face such a buyers ' strike on the part of international investors in Britain 's vast debt as would require the final humiliation of a second Labour Government having to throw itself on the not so tender mercies of the International Monetary Fund .
David Cameron has no particular bragging rights in this matter ; he it was who , before the credit crunch , had committed the Conservative Party to continue Labour 's bizarrely counter - cyclical public expenditure policies , which have left the country with a colossal structural deficit quite distinct from the temporary problems of a recession .
So when George Osborne routinely accuses Mr Brown of having " not fixed the roof while the sun was shining " , we should recall that the Conservative Party 's policy was precisely a commitment not to fix the same roof while that same sun was shining .
Still , as the events following the summer of 1992 demonstrate , there is little justice in politics ; just as the then opposition politician Mr Brown was able to benefit from the collapse of a government economic policy which he had uncritically supported , so Mr Cameron has reason to hope to profit from the disintegration of a strategy to which he offered no criticism at the time .
Most likely , enough voters will be so desperate to see the back of Gordon Brown – the width and depth of the popular dislike of the Prime Minister inspires pollsters with awe – that David Cameron and George Osborne will get their chance to try to sort out the mess ; yet there would also be a kind of macabre justice in the prospect of seeing a re-elected Labour Government split asunder against the fiscal rocks on to which it has steered the ship of state .
This is not completely improbable , given the peculiar bias of the electoral system , at least as it has operated against the Tories in recent elections .
Remember also that , even if the Tories were to be the biggest party in a hung parliament after 6 May , that would not give Cameron the immediate right to try to form a government .
The incumbent Prime Minister is constitutionally entitled to make such an attempt himself : that was what Ted Heath did in February 1974 , with his admittedly futile effort to persuade the Liberal leader , Jeremy Thorpe , to support a Conservative Party which had fewer Parliamentary seats than Labour .
Examining developments in the law of 42 U.S.C. Section 1983 and other constitutional torts .
” Martha , Martha ” , He mentioned .
The variety of times have we Stress Junkies been a Martha ?
To develop the scene , along with for those that might not recognize the story , Martha as well as likewise Mary were sis .
Presently Martha as well as additionally Mary have a residence in Bethany near Jerusalem , in addition to their brother has in fact invited some friends over for dinner .
Among the friends is a necessary person , a real individual of the human resources back afterwards – his name is Jesus .
Martha as well as likewise Mary are having company … I suggest to state , a PARTY .
That makes sixteen for dinner due to the truth that Jesus regularly takes a journey with his twelve closest excellent pals .
As well as likewise , Martha as well as likewise Mary merely HAVE TO invite numerous of their neighbors as well as additionally friends so everyone will definitely see that they scrub arm joint joints with .
In those days , you might not just get or call the food event caterers ; you needed to do it all .
Water truly did not come right into the house , bread had actually not been supplied at the marketplace .
There was merely Martha Maid along with Mary Maid .
Presently for those of you that have no suggestion Jesus straight , think about the resemblance Brad Pitt , Mother Teresa , Ronald Regan as well as additionally Billy Graham ALL including your house at the similar time – as well as likewise still you have not likewise harmed the area of this male Jesus .
To Stress Junkies like us , we comprehend the normal for Martha .
As rapidly as she discovered that Jesus was coming , she went right into high tools preparing the food choice , massaging , cleaning , cleansing , cleansing .
Little sis , Mary – the one that ’s chosen to relax at Jesus ’ feet along with focus .
Particular , she did a little prep work this morning … at her brother or sister Martha ’s determination .
Presently , the occasion has in fact begun , as well as likewise she ’s picking the “ one factor ” , the “ excellent factor ” as Jesus later locations it .
Martha ’s in the cooking location .
Martha , well , she last but not least drops it .
She whimpers to Jesus that Mary should certainly come as well as likewise aid her .
Jesus responds , “ Martha , Martha , you are troubled in addition to distressed around a number of factors … ” – Luke 10:41 NKJ
She is :
3. Concerning MANY factors
This event is all pertaining to Jesus , in addition to right below he is , he ’s putting YOU on the carpets for ensuring whatever is excellent ?
As in front of EVERYONE – his pals , your friends , your sis !
He ’s comprehends Martha has a bigger problem .
Martha , my dear buddies , was a Stress Junkie !
Martha can truly well be the actually preliminary videotaped Stress Junkie , confirming that we are not the product of a fast society .
I recommend , when was the last time that you got a kick out of an occasion as well as likewise relaxed at your house ?
Existed EVER a time ?
When was the last time you had an occasion or additionally site visitors for dinner that you truly did not extract ALL your dish publications to find something “ special ” to make ?
She really in fact wanted to associate Jesus in addition to the site visitors like her sis .
In Martha ’s mind , if Mary had in fact aided her , afterwards probably she would absolutely have had the moment to relax down as well as additionally chill out .
Mary ’s help would absolutely merely launch Martha ’s time to go deal with some numerous other little details .
Specifically what do we perform with Martha ?
Should we be a lot more like Mary ?
You ’re the one that ’s comfortably averted by many factors that in your mind , HAVE to get done .
You furthermore need it to roller skate , skate , walk a minimal rope , as a matter of fact , you need it just to stand .
That ’s all Jesus was declaring to Martha .
He had actually not been pounding her for supplying them , he was recommending her to develop leading concerns in addition to take the needed break to get a kick out of “ one fantastic factor ” , before her time was previous .
Presently Martha in addition to Mary have a home in Bethany near Jerusalem , along with their brother has in fact invited some friends over for dinner .
As well as likewise , Martha as well as likewise Mary merely HAVE TO invite several of their neighbors along with buddies just so everyone will definitely see that they scrub arm joints with .
In Martha ’s mind , if Mary had in fact helped her , afterwards probably she would definitely have had the moment to relax down as well as likewise loosen up .
Mary ’s support would absolutely merely launch Martha ’s time to go take care of some numerous other little details .
That ’s all Jesus was specifying to Martha .
Martha , Martha ” , He mentioned .
To develop the scene , as well as for those that might not recognize the story , Martha as well as additionally Mary were sis .
Presently Martha as well as likewise Mary have a residence in Bethany near Jerusalem , as well as their brother has really invited some great buddies over for dinner .
As well as likewise , Martha as well as additionally Mary just HAVE TO invite numerous of their next - door neighbors as well as additionally close good friends so every individual will absolutely see that they scrub arm joint joints with .
In Martha ’s mind , if Mary had really helped her , after that possibly she would absolutely have had the time to relax down as well as additionally loosen up .
The world is full of strange and wonderful things .
Often there are more weird and unexplainable occurrences that pique our curiosity .
This list of weird facts will give you exactly that .
Here are 300 weird facts that are sure to confuse and amaze you at the same time .
Table of Contents 01 Weird Facts Infographics 02
It is physically impossible for you to lick your elbow .
03 Dueling is legal in Paraguay .
04 There are 366 dimples on a regulation golf ball .
05 The moon is moving away from the Earth .
06 Ketchup leaves the bottle at a measured speed .
07 A baseball has a lifespan .
08 There is a town called Calama has never experienced rain .
09 Most lipsticks contain fish scales .
10 Lightning strikes the earth 100 times each second .
11 Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day .
12 Possums do not play dead .
13 A Costa Rican worker that makes baseball earns $ 2,750 annually .
14 A jiffy is an actual measure of time .
15 Babe Ruth out - homered every American league team .
16 Recycling glass jars save energy .
17 San Francisco 's cable cars are counted as a national monument .
18 The match was invented after the lighter .
19 Michael Jordan makes a lot of money from Nike .
20 The five colors on the Olympic flag were carefully selected .
21 Antares is 60,000 times larger than the sun .
22 There are constantly around 1,800 thunderstorms that occur somewhere on the planet .
23 The chicken came before the egg .
24 A kiss stimulates 29 muscles and chemicals .
25 Left - handed people are better at particular sports .
26 A giant tortoise that was believed to be extinct was found in the Galapagos .
27 Ancient Egyptians slept on stone pillows .
28 Coca -cola was originally green .
29 Arizona forbids camel hunting .
30 36 % of the American population has stated that God has spoken to them .
31 You can buy a toupee for your dog in Tokyo .
32 Only one sport has ever been played on the moon .
33 There is a Superman in every episode of Seinfeld .
34 A premature birth takes place when the baby arrives earlier than 37 weeks during pregnancy .
35 Humans did not come from monkeys .
36 Most of the viruses embedded in our DNA are gone already .
37 The Goodyear blimp is the official bird of Redondo Beach .
38 Americans spend an average of $ 1,092 on coffee per year 39 2 out of 1000 children are born deaf in the United States .
40 Driving to space would only take an hour .
41 Every three seconds , there is a birth taking place somewhere in the world .
42 Specifically shaped cornflakes can be sold on eBay .
43 The Arizona capitol building roof holds around 5 million pennies .
44 clouds hold a lot of weight .
45 The Apollo 11 crew pre-made autographs for insurance .
46 The longest recorded tennis match lasted for 11 hours .
47 A hotel in New Orleans offered a $ 15,000 stay in a contest .
48 Shakesphere 's epitaph is cursed .
49 All swans in England belong to the Queen . 50 Most wines are not vegetarian or vegan - friendly .
51 A pineapple plant can only produce one pineapple a year .
52 China is the world ’s largest silk producer .
53 Ketchup was once used as medicine .
54 A person is unable to detect smells when they suffer from anosmia .
55 A Poison Garden in England is filled with venomous plants .
56 Peas are the oldest vegetables .
57 The winning lottery combination was once foretold in a fortune cookie .
58 25 % of bones in human adults are located on their feet .
59 68 % of plant species are endangered .
60 Redwoods are the tallest trees .
61 A potato's skin is much healthier than its core .
62 A meteor with the force of 10 atomic bombs crashed on Earth and no one noticed .
63 Strawberries are the only known fruit to grow their seeds externally .
64 Scientists ca n’t explain what causes four - leafed clovers .
65 A rare pink dolphin resides in Louisiana .
66 Bamboos are a form of grass .
67 The number 57 on the bottle of Heinz ketchup has a meaning .
68 Plants prevent erosion and landslides .
69 Rainbows at night exist .
70 About 80,000 plant species are edible .
71 Bumblebees are able to fly at great heights .
72 Ripe cranberries can bounce .
73 The Arabic word for fingers translates to ‘ banana ’ .
74 Turnips are high in Fiber. 75 Eating too many onions can cause sleepiness .
76
The femur is the largest bone located in the human body .
77
The world ’s most dangerous tree is called the manchineel .
78 The Terminator was sold for a dollar .
79 Nicotine is poisonous to insects .
80 The garlic mustard is a member of only one family .
81 About one cluster of grapes make up one glass of wine .
82 The scientific name used for flowering plants is Angiosperm .
83 Your eyebrow shapes can predict your personality .
84 In Greek , the Iris flower translates to rainbow .
85 A plant that consumes rats can be found in the Philippines .
86 An organism with a dissapearing butt exists .
87 The smell of freshly cut grass is noted to be the grass screaming in distress .
88 Being gassy is normal .
89 Baby kangaroos are born the size of an inch .
90 Almonds are one of the many members of the peach family .
91 Dogs should not be fed pear and apple seeds .
92 The chacma baboons reside in Africa ’s Namib desert .
93
The blue whale is the largest known animal on the planet .
94
The little finger contributes 50 % of our hand strength .
95 Flies hum in the key of F. 96
The webs of spiders were once used as bandages .
97 Male rabbits are called bucks .
98 There is a quick way to escape the grip of a crocodile .
99 Mosquitoes are unable to penetrate silk .
100 Square watermelons cost more than round ones .
101 A tomb found in London is said to be a time machine .
102 Christian nurses were not allowed to nurse Jewish babies .
103
The tooth of an elephant weighs around 9 pounds .
104 The Swiss are known to eat the most chocolate in the world .
105 Sumo wrestlers often make babies cry for good luck .
106 The Diana monkey takes its name from a Roman goddess .
107 A woman once found her lost wedding ring growing on a carrot in her garden .
108 You can gain calories by licking stamps .
109 Dogs can learn commands better with hand signals .
110 Only 3 mammals experience menopause .
111 A mouse trap built 155 years ago caught a mouse in 2016 .
112 The human bone is stronger than steel .
113 The oldest chocolates in the world are around 106 years old .
114 The human tongue has a unique print .
115 A tarantula can survive two years without food .
116 You can swim through the veins of a blue whale .
117 The most common cause of death among babies is Sudden Infant Death Syndrome ( SIDS ) .
118 Bats have very thin leg bones .
119 Swishing wine inside your mouth allows all your taste buds to detect its flavor .
120 Your eyelids have the thinnest amount of skin on your body .
121 There are 1 million ants for every person on the planet .
122 We can detect taste faster than we can blink .
123 You can feel happier by crying .
124 Kangaroos can't hop without their tails .
125 Egg yolks naturally contain Vitamin D. 126 Keeping a goldfish in a dark room will cause it to go pale .
127 A newborn Chinese water deer fits in the palm of the average human hand .
128 Knowing how to speak Russian is a requirement to become an International astronaut .
129 French fries did not come from France .
130 Turtles can drown if they are kept underwater for too long .
131 The average human processes 100,000 pounds of food in a lifetime .
132 A total of 32 muscles can be found in one ear of a cat .
133 A dentist invented the electric chair 134 Apart from their fur , tigers also have striped skin .
135 The creator of the font Comic Sans has only used it once .
136 Humans consume a lot of water .
137 Moths do not have a stomach .
138 Fleas can jump 200 times its height .
139 There are pink lakes in Australia .
140 The Russians arrived 12 days late to the 1908 Olympics .
141 The average person eats a total of 8 pounds of grapes annually .
142 Our bum crack is medically referred to as the intergluteal cleft .
143 The inventor of the Pringles can was buried in a Pringles can .
144 The smallest surviving baby weighed 8.5 oz .
145 A snail can grow new eyes .
146 The manager of Elvis Presley was also selling hate merchandise for Elvis .
147 HIV originated from a chimp ’s stomach .
148 The ancient Greeks chewed gum like mastic .
149 The largest single meteorite found on Earth is the Hoba Meteor .
150 Plastic bags are better for the environment rather than paper bags .
151 Most known asteroids in our solar system are located between Jupiter and Mars .
152 The colors in fireworks depends on the different salts used and mixed with different metals .
153 Vegetable has no scientific definition .
154 Soap is used for cleaning because its molecules trap dirt in the center of its compound when in water .
155 You need to exceed temperatures of 1000 degrees Celcius to burn a diamond .
156 The fastest man in the world is not physically perfect .
157 Several people residing in Iceland believe in elves 158 Sunglasses were not originally designed to protect your eyes from the sun .
159 Termites and ants are roasted and eaten like popcorn in South Africa .
160 Humans have five vital organs .
161 A 10 - year old mattress weighs double its original weight .
162 The Indiana University library is constantly sinking .
163 A dentist invented cotton candy .
164 In China , seductively eating a banana during a live stream is illegal .
165 The first soup ever recorded comes from a hippo .
166 206 bones make up the skeletal system .
167 DUI offenders in Ohio are required to use yellow license plates .
168 The world 's deepest postbox is in Japan .
169 The oldest condom ever found dates back to the 1640s .
170 La Paz , Bolivia is constantly at a temperature of below 50 degrees Fahrenheit .
171 Pumpkin flowers are edible .
172 An American man tried to fake his death so he would n't have to pay his phone bill .
173 Over 87,000 Americans are on a waiting list for organ transplants .
174 Children are more often poisoned by house plants rather than household chemicals .
175 Majority of the Muppets are left - handed .
176 Bacon was once a Middle English term used to refer to all pork .
177 Bulls are color blind .
178 Sneezing too hard can cause rib fractures .
179 In England , a newborn ’s head is washed in rum for good luck .
180 The largest lymphatic organ in the body is the spleen .
181 Dogs have over 1,700 taste buds .
182 Carrots have zero fat content .
183 The females of the Kangaroo species have a total of 3 vaginas .
184 White chocolate is n’t chocolate .
185 Brushing your teeth too hard is bad for you .
186 Giraffes do not possess vocal cords .
187 Light does not always travel at the speed of light .
188 A Sardinian Cheese called Casu mazu contains live maggots .
189 Chinese acupuncture states that there is a point in the head that can control one ’s appetite .
190
There is a bird found in Kea that is over two feet long .
191 Wisdom teeth have no purpose .
192 Birds can recognize landmarks .
193 Dogs and cats also have a dominant side like humans do .
194 There are more than 10,000 different varieties of tomatoes .
195 A space mission confirmed that frogs can vomit .
196 Most of the air you breathe goes out from your nostrils .
197
The ice cream cone was invented during the 1904 St. Louis world fair .
198 Research states that the loneliest creature on the planet is a whale .
199 The spikes at the end of a stegasaurus ' tail is called a thagomizer .
200 A British submarine once kept a fully grown reindeer aboard the vessel in WWII .
201 David Bowie once stated he was being stalked by a man in a pink rabbit suit .
202 A human being can live with only one kidney .
203
As of the beginning of 2004 , the U.S. population increases by 1 every 12 seconds .
204 A surgical procedure that removes fear from your brain exists .
205 Shaved heads were a symbol of extreme beauty in 1500 B.C Egypt.
206
There is a species of frog that devours its prey through its eyes .
207 Your belly button grows hair .
208 23 % of all photocopier problems are caused by people sitting on them .
209 A human thumb has its own pulse .
210 A child can ask over a hundred questions a day .
211 Buzz Aldrin is the first man to ever urinate on the moon .
212 Certain fruit flies are resistant to getting drunk .
213
The man with the longest beard in the world died from his beard .
214 Orange is not the only word in the English language that can not be rhymed .
215 Sixth sick sheik 's sixth sheep 's sick is one of the hardest tongue twisters in the world .
216 There was a month - long plague in 1518 called Dance fever .
217 The shortest complete sentence in the English language consists of only two letters .
218 The smiley was nearly invented by Vladimir Nabokov .
219 The “ Rule of Thumb ” phrase originates from old English laws .
220 Greeks once believed that the mother ’s milk originated from the uterus .
221 The village of Giethoorn has no roads .
222 Human lips are very sensitive .
223 The word ‘ testify ’ comes from an ancient Roman practice .
224 A family in Kentucky had blue skin for generations .
225 The word ‘ pants ’ was once considered to be a dirty word .
226 The most difficult phrases to create are palindromes .
227 1000 is the first number from 0 that uses the letter a when spelled .
228 Earthquakes can permanently shorten the length on the Earth 's day .
229 A bar in London sells vaporized vodka .
230 Your brain is active even if you are asleep .
231 Celery has negative calories .
232 A glacier called blood falls exists .
233 Over 2 billion pencils are manufactured annually in the U.S. 234 Quebec City , Canada has a low crime rate .
235 Your left lung is not as big as the right lung .
236 Scientist discovered a new bacteria that lives inside hairspray .
237 The Spanish word for wife is ‘ esposa ’ .
238 The tip of the Eiffel tower does not lean towards the sun .
239 More people are afraid of spiders than they are of death .
240 The human skull is formed by 29 different bones .
241 The ratio of Americans that have appeared on TV is 1:4 . 242 Humans share about 50 % of our DNA with bananas .
243
The smallest cell in a man ’s body is the sperm cell .
244 More fast - food employees were killed while on shift than police officers in 1998 .
245 Originally , carrots were a purple color .
246 The U.S. government only owns ⅓ of the land its country has .
247 A baby will laugh over 300 times a day .
248 Mars appears red to the human eye due to the iron oxide particles that suspends its atmosphere .
249 Oak trees cannot produce acorns if they are under 50 years of age .
250 Around 70 % of virus programmers are said to allegedly work under a strict contract for crime syndicates 251 Chilli peppers are not spicy .
252 Human blood is red due to the hemoglobin in our bodies .
253 Grapes will explode inside the microwave .
254
The human teeth are as strong as a shark ’s teeth .
255 Potatoes can reflect your wi-fi signal .
256
You can turn coal mixed in peanut butter into a diamond .
257 The cornea does not receive a blood supply .
258 The Sasser worm mainly targets computers running on Microsoft OS and exploits a vulnerable network port .
259 Mixing sperm and caffeine in a test tube makes them swim better .
260 Saltwater takes 10 minutes to drown a person .
261 The tree of life is another name for the baobab tree .
262 Inhaling helium will cause your voice to travel through your vocal cords quicker .
263 Peanut butter contains insect fragments .
264 Tulips were considered very valuable in the 1600s .
265 The human skull remains conscious after decapitation .
266 Onions contain sulphuric acid .
267 Bull sharks can adapt to freshwater environments .
268 You would need about 37 gallons of water to grow a coffee bean .
269
The oldest wine bottle can be found in Germany .
270
The roast camel is the largest menu item in the world .
271 3 Students once installed keystroke loggers onto their teacher 's computers to hack and sell grades to students .
272 An apple is composed of 25 % air .
273 Hundreds of pirate attacks occur each year .
274 The rafflesia is the biggest flower .
275
The average person spends 6 months of their life waiting for traffic lights to turn green .
276
The chef of Charles the first is paid £ 500 a year to keep his ice cream recipe a secret .
277 Cherophobia is the fear of being happy .
278
The heartbeat of a blue whale can be heard from two miles away .
279 Frogs do not drink water .
280 Cabbages are 92 % water .
281 There is a bridge made especially for squirrels .
282 A footlong from subway is not one foot long .
283 Marie Curie ’s old notebooks remain radioactive until today .
284 Over 70,000 plant species are medicinal .
285 Roosters have built - in earplugs in them .
286 Bananas can naturally make people happy .
287 The father of Computer Science committed suicide .
288 Hydrofluoric acid is the least acidic but remains the most dangerous .
289 The Netherlands has to import criminals to fill up their jails .
290 Rain has a smell .
291 Taxi drivers in London are called cabbies .
292 Mushrooms are n’t plants .
293 A wild dog is ranked as the most successful predator .
294 Apple pie is not American .
295
An encrypted monument stands outside of the CIA headquarters in Virginia .
296
The human body is the cause of metallic smells found in coins and other metals .
297
The popsicle was invented by an 11 - year - old .
298 Expiration dates on a bottle of water is not for the water .
299
The word " Typewriter " is the longest word you can type using only one row of the keyboard .
300 Large banks use computers to process checks and debit card charges by the highest amount first .
301
The longest musical performance in history still occurs today .
Weird Facts Infographics
It is physically impossible for you to lick your elbow .
This is because the average upper arm is too long for our tongues to be able to reach our elbows .
Go on , try it .
Dueling is legal in Paraguay .
It is legal so long as both parties have been registered as blood donors .
Read also : More Amazing General Facts
There are 366 dimples on a regulation golf ball .
The dimples help the ball travel farther .
The moon is moving away from the Earth .
85 million years ago , the moon orbits between the Moon and Earth were only 35 feet away from the planet ’s surface .
Ketchup leaves the bottle at a measured speed .
It leaves the bottle at a rate of 25 miles per year .
A baseball has a lifespan .
Balls from the Major League Baseball association can last up to 7 pitches .
There is a town called Calama has never experienced rain .
It is found in the Atacama desert of Chile .
Most lipsticks contain fish scales .
This is also known as pearl essence .
It is what gives the lipstick the shimmering appearance it has .
Read also : 100 Nutrition Facts To An Easier And Healthier Lifestyle
Lightning strikes the earth 100 times each second .
Each bolt contains up to one billion volts of electricity .
This calculates to about 8 million lightning strikes per day .
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day .
The average heart rate is 80 bpm .
Possums do not play dead .
They pass out from fear of their predators .
A Costa Rican worker that makes baseball earns $ 2,750 annually .
The average American pro baseball player earns $ 2,377,000 per year .
The majority of regulation baseballs are stitched by hand .
A jiffy is an actual measure of time .
It is calculated as 1/100th of a second .
This is 10 milliseconds .
Babe Ruth out - homered every American league team .
The first time that this happened was in 1927 .
This totaled to around 35 different pitchers that Ruth had out - homered .
Read also : 300 Crazy Fun Facts To Start Your Day
Recycling glass jars save energy .
One glass jar can attain enough energy to power a television .
This power can last up to three hours from one jar alone .
San Francisco 's cable cars are counted as a national monument .
They are also the only monuments that can move .
They are also able to carry passengers along its tracks .
The match was invented after the lighter .
The first match was made in 1826 .
However , the first cigarette lighter was made in 1823 .
Michael Jordan makes a lot of money from Nike .
This is more than what all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia annually make combined .
This is enough money to be able to feel the entire world population a meal .
The five colors on the Olympic flag were carefully selected .
This is because at least one color on this flag can be found on any flag in any country .
Antares is 60,000 times larger than the sun .
This is one of the biggest stars found in our solar system .
If the sun was this big , Antares would be as big as a house in comparison .
Read also : 100 Interesting Facts That Will Boggle Your Mind
There are constantly around 1,800 thunderstorms that occur somewhere on the planet .
This is a constant phenomenon that occurs on the planet .
This totals to around 16 million annually .
The chicken came before the egg .
At least , according to the Christian bible .
This is stated in Genesis 1:20 - 22 .
A kiss stimulates 29 muscles and chemicals .
This causes the person to relax .
Women are found to like light and gentle kisses , while men are found to enjoy more intense ones .
Left - handed people are better at particular sports .
Mainly those that involve spatial judgment and fast reactions .
This was stated by a research study comparing the performance of left - handed and right - handed athletes .
A giant tortoise that was believed to be extinct was found in the Galapagos .
Previous to this , this species of giant tortoises had not been spotted for over 100 years .
Scientists had believed them to be extinct already until 2019 .
Ancient Egyptians slept on stone pillows .
This was discovered by translating ancient texts from Egyptian ruins .
The Egyptian word for headrest was roughly translated to a stone pillow .
Coca - cola was originally green .
However , the company itself said that this may be due to the green bottles they once used .
New marketing techniques switched to plastic bottles instead of glass later on .
Arizona forbids camel hunting .
This act has been made illegal within Arizona ’s borders .
Any misdemeanors towards camels are also forbidden .
36 % of the American population has stated that God has spoken to them .
This totals to about 118,008,000 individuals .
More often these people suffer from hallucinations .
You can buy a toupee for your dog in Tokyo .
You can also buy them an assortment of accessories from capsule toy machines .
This also includes toys and other small clothing for your pets .
Only one sport has ever been played on the moon .
A game of golf on the moon was recorded in 1971 .
Alan Shepard hit a golf ball on the surface of the moon .
There is a Superman in every episode of Seinfeld .
There is also another myth that there is a superman reference within every episode .
This is because Jerry Seinfeld is an avid fan of Superman .
A premature birth takes place when the baby arrives earlier than 37 weeks during pregnancy .
Those who are born early will often have complicated medical problems .
Premature birth usually occurs when not enough nutrition is given to the mother during pregnancy .
A few famous premature births include Albert Einstein , Mark Twain , and Isaac Newton .
Humans did not come from monkeys .
To be more precise , humans and monkeys had a common ancestor from 25 - 30 million years ago .
From then , each species evolved differently .
Most of the viruses embedded in our DNA are gone already .
Most of these viruses have already gone extinct due to human evolution and changes in environments .
Modern medicine also played a role in the extinction of these viruses .
If scientists were to revive any of these viruses , it could cause a major outbreak that humans wo n’t quickly heal from .
The Goodyear blimp is the official bird of Redondo Beach .
While it may not be a bird per se , the coastal city still named it as such .
Redondo Beach is situated near the Goodyear Blimp ’s home airport in California .
Americans spend an average of $ 1,092 on coffee per year
This breaks down to roughly $ 92 a month , which is about 3 dollars worth of coffee a day .
2 out of 1000 children are born deaf in the United States .
More children will lose their hearing later on as they grow up .
This can occur later on during childhood or as adults .
Deafness is also the number one birth defect recorded in the United States .
Driving to space would only take an hour .
Theoretically , this is possible if you were to drive in a straight line upwards into the atmosphere at a speed of 60 mph .
Every three seconds , there is a birth taking place somewhere in the world .
There are approximately 360,000 births that take place per day .
This is around 15,000 births per hour .
Specifically shaped cornflakes can be sold on eBay .
A cornflake in the shape of Illinois was once sold on the E - commerce platform for a total of $ 1,350 .
The buyer of this single flake stated that he wanted it for his traveling museum .
The Arizona capitol building roof holds around 5 million pennies .
The amount of copper on this rooftop found in Pheonix is equivalent to around 4,800,000 pennies .
This is around $ 50,000 dollars .
clouds hold a lot of weight .
The fluffy cotton clouds you see in the sky are able to hold over one million pounds .
Its weight is calculated by taking the water density and multiplying it by its volume .
The Apollo 11 crew pre-made autographs for insurance .
The Apollo 11 crew was prepared for the chances that they may not be able to return from their voyage .
In an attempt to financially prepare their families , they signed many trinkets that their families could sell if the mission failed .
The longest recorded tennis match lasted for 11 hours .
This took place at Wimbledon 2010 .
John Isner won this match against Nicolas Mahut and took over 3 days to complete .
A hotel in New Orleans offered a $ 15,000 stay in a contest .
The rules simply stated that the prize would go to whoever could steal the most outrageous item from them .
This contest was published to the public on the hotel ’s 125th anniversary .
Shakesphere 's epitaph is cursed .
In 1616 , Shakesphere died at the age of 52 and was buried in a tomb .
The epitaph featured on his grave was made to ward off grave robbers .
All swans in England belong to the Queen .
Any unclaimed swans that are found swimming in the open waters of England and Wales are automatically hers .
This was a law established and originated in medieval times when swans were a delicacy for the wealthy .
Most wines are not vegetarian or vegan - friendly .
Many wines include a fining agent such as eggs to soften astringency from tannins and remove other sediments .
A pineapple plant can only produce one pineapple a year .
After fruiting , the plant dies .
However , before it dies it also produces an offspring .
These plantlets were then grown into another pineapple .
China is the world ’s largest silk producer .
Over 150,000 metric tons of silk are produced annually .
This accounts for 78 % of the world ’s silk production .
Ketchup was once used as medicine .
This was often sold at pharmacies in the 1830s .
It was believed to be a cure for indigestion .
A person is unable to detect smells when they suffer from anosmia .
There are rare cases in which a person may be born with anosmia .
This condition is called congenital anosmia .
A Poison Garden in England is filled with venomous plants .
The Alnwick Garden is a garden complex by Alnwick Castle in Northumberland , England .
These historic gardens were revived at some point , and a Poison Garden was added in 2005 .
Peas are the oldest vegetables .
The oldest known vegetable is the pea which tracks back to Stone Age settlements over 8,000 years ago .
This vegetable has been cultivated by humans for centuries .
The winning lottery combination was once foretold in a fortune cookie .
This resulted in over a hundred winners for the 2005 lottery .
All of these winners took home around $ 100,000 - $ 500,000 depending on their original bet .
25 % of bones in human adults are located on their feet .
The feet also contain about 20 - 25 % of joints found in the human body .
Each foot contains 33 joints .
The whole body contains a total of 250-300 joints in total .
68 % of plant species are endangered .
Over half of all plant species are now classified as endangered .
Prairie orchids , rafflesia , and Texas wild rice are only a few plant species endangered by climate change .
Redwoods are the tallest trees .
These trees are known to reach over heights of 350 ft .
The tallest living tree in the world is Hyperion at 380 ft .
A potato's skin is much healthier than its core .
To absorb all of the potato ’s minerals and vitamins , the skin should also be consumed .
It is better to leave the skin on potatoes while cooking because all its vitamins are in the skin .
A meteor with the force of 10 atomic bombs crashed on Earth and no one noticed .
On December 18 , 2018 , a meteor hit our atmosphere but was failed to be detected by NASA at the time .
The reason for this is because it took place in the Bering Sea which was a closed area .
Strawberries are the only known fruit to grow their seeds externally .
When a strawberry flower is pollinated , the fruit will not swell .
Instead , it fertilizes the ovaries in the flower and forms small dry fruits separately .
Scientists can’t explain what causes four - leafed clovers .
The common explanation for this phenomenon is that the clover experienced a mutation of recessive genes .
This is a typically rare occurrence .
A rare pink dolphin resides in Louisiana .
This rare dolphin was first discovered in 2007 .
Its pink color is said to come from a rare genetic mutation and no other pink dolphins have been discovered since .
Bamboos are a form of grass .
Because of the great lengths , bamboo can grow , they are considered as the largest members of the grass family .
In total , there are around 91 genera and over 1000 bamboo species .
The number 57 on the bottle of Heinz ketchup has a meaning .
This number represents the number of products the company has .
However , in the beginning , it was said that Henry Heinz simply used the number because he believed it was lucky .
Plants prevent erosion and landslides .
They can do this by keeping the soil around them firm with their roots .
Crops such as rye and clover are good choices for erosion control .
Rainbows at night exist .
These rainbows are called moonbows and they only occur when there is a source of water near a full moon .
If the moon is in any other phase , the light will not be enough to cause a moonbow .
About 80,000 plant species are edible .
However , in the present - day , only 150 species are regularly cultivated .
30 of these products make up 95 % of the human ’s usual calorie and protein intake .
Bumblebees are able to fly at great heights .
Bumblebees are able to fly beyond the height of Mt. Everest .
Researchers were shocked to discover that two bees that they were tracking were able to fly up to 30,000 feet high .
Ripe cranberries can bounce .
Cranberries have air pockets inside of them that cause them to float and bounce .
Unripe berries can be easily segregated by seeing if they have damage from an attempted bounce .
The Arabic word for fingers translates to ‘ banana ’ .
The Arabic word is banan .
The banana fruit is harvested from the plant as a whole rack .
A rack of bananas is also referred to as a hand .
Turnips are high in Fiber .
They are also a good source of vitamin C , Potassium , and Calcium .
Turnips also help lower the risk of intestinal problems like diverticulitis .
Eating too many onions can cause sleepiness .
The onion is full of beneficial minerals that are good for the human body .
However , it is also a natural sedative because they are rich in L - tryptophan .
The femur is the largest bone located in the human body .
The head of the femur fits into your hip socket and the bottom ends of it connect to your knee .
More commonly , this bone is referred to as the thigh bone .
The world ’s most dangerous tree is called the manchineel .
This is native to the tropical southern North American and northern South America .
Every part of the tree contains toxins that can cause blisters and skin breakouts on human skin just from touch .
The Terminator was sold for a dollar .
The first of the five movies of the Terminator franchise earned a total of $ 78.3 million worldwide at the box office .
However , the rights for the movie was sold for a mere dollar .
Nicotine is poisonous to insects .
The tobacco plant has a power neurotoxin that dangerous for insects .
While many other plants also have this , the concentration of nicotine in the tobacco plant is much higher than any other .
The garlic mustard is a member of only one family .
It is a member of the mustard family .
Garlic mustard is a biennial plant that has a life span of two years .
About one cluster of grapes make up one glass of wine .
This is around a total of 75 grapes .
The scientific name used for flowering plants is Angiosperm .
This name refers to the seeds that are borne in capsules or fruits .
This group consists of many plants such as shrubs , grass , and most trees .
Your eyebrow shapes can predict your personality .
Straight eyebrows are said to indicate a strong fact - oriented and direct personality .
Curved eyebrows , on the other hand , indicate a more people - oriented personality .
In Greek , the Iris flower translates to rainbow .
Iris was also known to be the goddess of the rainbow in ancient Greek Mythology .
It is believed that its name refers to the wide variety of colors the flower is found among its species .
A plant that consumes rats can be found in the Philippines .
Scientists have discovered this rat eating pitcher plant in the Philippines in the year 2009 .
This newly discovered pitcher plant is considered as one of the biggest carnivorous plants on the planet .
An organism with a dissapearing butt exists .
Scientists named this the comb jelly or the sea walnut .
Research has stated that there has been no documentation of a transient anus , not even under a microscope .
The smell of freshly cut grass is noted to be the grass screaming in distress .
This smell is a chemical that grass uses to call other critters to come and rescue them .
The chemical compounds that the plant releases can also be used to poison an enemy and alert surrounding plants .
Being gassy is normal .
It is considered normal to pass gas 6 to 20 times a day .
The average person passes gas around fifteen times a day .
Baby kangaroos are born the size of an inch .
Some are born the size of a grain of rice or the size of a bee .
Baby kangaroos are also called Joey .
Almonds are one of the many members of the peach family .
They are also referred to as the Queen of the rose family .
Other family members include the peach and apricot .
Dogs should not be fed pear and apple seeds .
This is due to the seeds containing traces of cyanide in them .
This substance is highly toxic to dogs in high quantities .
The chacma baboons reside in Africa ’s Namib desert .
According to research , a group of chacma baboons once survived 116 days in the desert without any water .
They survived solely by eating figs they found .
The blue whale is the largest known animal on the planet .
These magnificent mammals are known to grow up to 100 feet long and upwards .
They weigh about 200 tons .
The little finger contributes 50 % of our hand strength .
The little finger along with the ring finger act as a power bottom .
The thumb , index finger , and middle finger provide dexterity .
Flies hum in the key of F .
The buzzing sound they make is caused by their wings when they fly .
The sound will either be a low or high buzz depending on the species .
The webs of spiders were once used as bandages .
In ancient Greece and Rome , it was not uncommon for the people to use it as a natural antiseptic .
This method helped their patients clean and disinfect their wounds and promote clotting .
Male rabbits are called bucks .
The male rabbits tend to be more friendly and relaxed while female rabbits often come off as more aggressive .
There is a quick way to escape the grip of a crocodile .
Experts state that the best way to escape a crocodile is to poke its eyes .
The pain can distract the crocodile long enough for it to loosen its grip and for you to escape .
Mosquitoes are unable to penetrate silk .
Mosquitoes can penetrate through cloth with their long proboscis .
However , silk has a much stronger durability than most cloths that insects cannot bite through .
Square watermelons cost more than round ones .
A square watermelon can be bought for $ 85 .
They are mostly expensive due to the intensive labor that is put into shaping them .
A tomb found in London is said to be a time machine .
One of the tombs in the Brompton Cemetary has an en entryway that features a keyhole .
However , the key to this chamber has been lost for years .
Local legend believes that there is a secret in this chamber due to the gold Egyptian hieroglyphs that is decorated on the door .
This has lead others to believe that it may be a time machine or a time chamber of some sort .
Christian nurses were not allowed to nurse Jewish babies .
This was declared by King Henry III in 1235 .
If these wet nurses were to do so , it was believed that it could weaken the faith of the infants as they grow up .
The tooth of an elephant weighs around 9 pounds .
Their teeth are made from ivory which is a white material for the tusks and teeth of animals .
This is covered with an outer layer of enamel that closely resembled the coating on human teeth .
The Swiss are known to eat the most chocolate in the world .
This is closely followed by the British .
Over 22.36 pounds of chocolate is consumed per person annually according to statistics .
Sumo wrestlers often make babies cry for good luck .
This is based on the Japanese belief that if a sumo wrestler can make a baby cry , then that person will lead a healthy life .
The Diana monkey takes its name from a Roman goddess .
The stripe on its head closely resembles the bow that the Roman goddess held .
Diana was also called Artemis .
She was known as the goddess of hunting .
A woman once found her lost wedding ring growing on a carrot in her garden .
In 1995 , a Swedish woman lost her wedding ring while preparing a Christmas eve dinner .
12 years later , the ring re-emergers in her garden wrapped around a carrot .
You can gain calories by licking stamps .
Licking 1 stamp makes you consume 1/10 of a calorie .
If you were to lick 3000 stamps a day that would equate to about 16 chicken nuggets from McDonald’s .
Dogs can learn commands better with hand signals .
This is also another way you can build communication and further develop trust with your pets .
Professional trainers say that when a dog understands its tasks , they feel safer because they know what to do .
Only 3 mammals experience menopause .
This includes elephants , humpback whales , and also human females .
However , unlike animals , human females can live much longer after experiencing menopause .
A mouse trap built 155 years ago caught a mouse in 2016 .
One of the earliest concepts for mousetraps managed to capture a wild rodent in 2016 .
Its inventor , Colin Pullinger claimed that his device would last a lifetime .
The human bone is stronger than steel .
If you were to have a bone and a piece of steel of the same length and thickness , a bone would be five times stronger than the steel bar .
However , bones are brittle and can also fracture on impact .
The oldest chocolates in the world are around 106 years old .
These chocolates date back to the coronation of King Edward VII .
This is dated back to the year 1902 .
The human tongue has a unique print .
Much like fingerprints , the human tongue also holds its unique pattern that can be identified differently from everyone else ’s .
The tongue is a unique organ that is well protected and difficult to replicate .
A tarantula can survive two years without food .
Tarantulas can go much longer without food compared to water .
So long as there is water available , a tarantula will not suffer any bad side effects from starvation .
You can swim through the veins of a blue whale .
The blue whale is the largest living creature on the planet .
It is so big that its veins are big enough for an adult human to swim freely around it .
The most common cause of death among babies is Sudden Infant Death Syndrome ( SIDS ) .
Each year , over 7000 babies are lost to this phenomenon in the U.S.
These equivalents to almost 1 baby dying each hour .
Bats have very thin leg bones .
Their legs are not very good for use in other tasks apart from hanging upside down .
The bones in their legs are also quite fragile which means they are unable to walk .
Apart from their weak legs , their knees also face backward .
Swishing wine inside your mouth allows all your taste buds to detect its flavor .
Sweetness is detected at the tip of the tongue and bitterness at the back .
Sour tastes are detected on the sides of your tongue .
Your eyelids have the thinnest amount of skin on your body .
The levator palpebrae superioris muscles retract the eyelid which exposes the cornea and gives you vision .
The eyelids can be moved both involuntarily and voluntarily .
On the other hand , the feet have the thickest amount of skin on the body .
There are 1 million ants for every person on the planet .
It is believed that the total number of ants in the world is equal to the weight of all the people on the planet .
A BBC documentary commented that there are an estimated 100 trillion ants on Earth .
We can detect taste faster than we can blink .
It takes exactly .0015 seconds to detect taste .
This is quicker than a tenth of a second a blink takes to complete .
You can feel happier by crying .
Research has indicated that crying triggers the production of endorphins which acts as a natural pain killer .
It also releases feel - good hormones such as oxytocin .
Kangaroos can't hop without their tails .
If you were to lift a kangaroo ’s tail , it would not be able to jump .
This is mainly because they use their tails for balance while jumping .
Egg yolks naturally contain Vitamin D. Most of the fats and vitamins are also found in the yolks .
Moreover , the whites contain most of the egg ’s proteins .
Keeping a goldfish in a dark room will cause it to go pale .
If you were to keep a goldfish in the dark permanently , it would not be healthy for the fish .
This is why most fish tanks include a light that is left on throughout the entire night and day .
A newborn Chinese water deer fits in the palm of the average human hand .
Also known as the hydropotes inermis , this species of deer are found worldwide .
They are better known for their teddy bear - like appearance .
Knowing how to speak Russian is a requirement to become an International astronaut .
The ISS has operations in Russian and will not provide a translator during the job .
Most new astronauts claim that learning a new language is the most difficult part of the job .
French fries did not come from France .
Originally they come from the country of Belgium .
However , they are most popular in the United States .
Turtles can drown if they are kept underwater for too long .
While they are excellent swimmers , turtles do not possess gills that allow them to breathe under the water .
If they are no longer able to hold their breath , they can drown .
The average human processes 100,000 pounds of food in a lifetime .
That is approximately 35 tons of food in a lifetime .
Apart from food , the average person will also ingest about 100 milligrams of dirt every day .
A total of 32 muscles can be found in one ear of a cat .
These muscles allow cats to hear in multiple directions .
They can also move each ear independently to detect sounds better .
A dentist invented the electric chair
In 1881 a dentist witnessed a man quickly die in a chair after touching an electric generator .
After this experience , he soon realized that using electricity could be a more humane way of execution .
Apart from their fur , tigers also have striped skin .
A tiger ’s stripes are an advantage because it helps break up the outline of its body which makes it hard to spot .
They also help camouflage a tiger in the grass while it stalks its prey .
The creator of the font Comic Sans has only used it once .
This comical and cute font is mainly looked down upon for appearing unprofessional and immature .
This font is now mainly used for comedic comics and similar prints .
Humans consume a lot of water .
Water is a major part of most life forms and cannot survive without it .
By the time humans reach the age of 70 , they would have consumed about 12,000 gallons of water .
Water is known to be the best and most hydrating liquid that promotes cardiovascular health .
Moths do not have a stomach .
Most species of moths survive solely based on the nutrients that are stored in their tissues .
These nutrients are only acquired during their caterpillar stages in their life cycle .
Fleas can jump 200 times its height .
The flea is claimed to be the best jumper in the world due to their size and the lengths they can jump .
The height a flea jumps equivalents to a human being jumping to the top of the empire state building from the ground .
There are pink lakes in Australia .
On the western coast of Australia , a pink lake called Lake Hillier can be found .
It gets its color from the algae present in the area which mixes with the lake ’s salt content to create a pink color .
Despite the vibrant pink color , it is safe to swim in this lake .
The Russians arrived 12 days late to the 1908 Olympics .
This was mainly due to the fact that they were following the wrong calendar .
After this incident , the catholic nations mandated the use of the Gregorian Calendar .
The average person eats a total of 8 pounds of grapes annually .
The best selling grape in the US is the Thompson seedless .
A grapevine can grow over 50 feet long and has around 40 clusters of grapes .
Our bum crack is medically referred to as the intergluteal cleft .
The crena is another formal term used for the cleavage of the buttocks .
We have butt cracks mainly due to the preliminary muscles that sit inside the evolved pelvic bones .
The inventor of the Pringles can was buried in a Pringles can .
Fredric
Baur was so proud of his ingenious invention that he wanted to take it to the grave .
His burial Pringles can was bought on the way to the funeral .
Baur ’s family contemplated for a long time on which can flavor they wanted to use .
The smallest surviving baby weighed 8.5 oz .
This baby is known as Saybie and was born in a hospital in San Diego .
Normally , babies are born between 7 - 8 lbs .
A snail can grow new eyes .
Certain species of snails can completely regenerate their eyes after amputation .
This process is done through the mid-eyestalk .
The manager of Elvis Presley was also selling hate merchandise for Elvis .
For nearly two decades , Tom Parker was the manager of The King .
It was sometime in the 1950s that Parker signed a merchandising deal to turn Elvis into a brand name which also included ‘ I hate Elvis ’ badges .
HIV originated from a chimp ’s stomach .
The chimp in question had eaten two other monkeys that had two different viruses .
These viruses then combined and formed a hybrid virus .
The ancient Greeks chewed gum like mastic .
Mastic is a substance that comes from the bark of a tree .
This bark was believed to be how the Greeks maintained oral health .
The largest single meteorite found on Earth is the Hoba Meteor .
This meteorite measures at 9ft by 9ft by 3ft .
The Hoba meteor is short for Hoba West and lies on a farm of the same name .
Plastic bags are better for the environment rather than paper bags .
Despite the common belief that recycled paper is better than plastic , it is not always the case .
According to research , a paper bag produces 70 % more pollution compared to plastic .
It also uses 4 times the energy to produce and break down .
Most known asteroids in our solar system are located between Jupiter and Mars .
Research has found that the main meteor belt resides and orbits between the two planets .
This main asteroid belt is found to be more than two and a half times as far as the Earth is from the sun .
The colors in fireworks depends on the different salts used and mixed with different metals .
Lithium salts produce red fireworks .
Iron produces yellow or gold colors .
Magnesium forms white .
Vegetable has no scientific definition .
By this logic , it is acceptable to call a tomato a vegetable as well .
Research cannot find any reason why vegetables are called as such nor why we continue to refer to it as such .
Soap is used for cleaning because its molecules trap dirt in the center of its compound when in water .
Soap cleans by acting as a surfactant and emulsifier .
It can surround oil , making it easier to rinse it away with water .
You need to exceed temperatures of 1000 degrees Celcius to burn a diamond .
Diamonds do n’t evaporate at high temperatures since they are under atmospheric temperatures .
But they can oxidize .
The fastest man in the world is not physically perfect .
Usain Bolt suffers from scoliosis .
However , he states that as long as he continues to keep his core and back strong , it does not bother him much .
Several people residing in Iceland believe in elves A survey conducted at the University of Iceland found that 62 % of residents believe in elves .
This is mainly due to the country ’s elf history which dates back to the Viking era .
Sunglasses were not originally designed to protect your eyes from the sun .
The original idea behind this was so that Chinese judges could hide their facial expressions in court .
Today , they mainly serve as protective eyewear and as well as a fashionable accessory .
Termites and ants are roasted and eaten like popcorn in South Africa .
Eating insects is a common occurrence in South Africa .
This is also a common street food you can find in parts of Africa .
Humans have five vital organs .
Without any of these organs , a human being cannot survive .
These organs include the heart , lungs , kidneys , liver , and the brain .
A 10 - year old mattress weighs double its original weight .
This is due to the debris it absorbs over time such as mites , mold , dead skin cells , dandruff , etc .
It also includes the sweat of the person using the mattress .
The Indiana University library is constantly sinking .
It sinks over half an inch annually .
This is because engineers failed to calculate and include the estimated weight of all the books that would be placed inside the building .
A dentist invented cotton candy .
The dentist William Morrison was also a confectionary who invented the machine that spun sugar crystals into a thread .
This was introduced in 1904 as fairy floss until another dentist reinvented the machine and called it cotton candy .
In China , seductively eating a banana during a live stream is illegal .
This was done so that the number of underaged women in China could not attract older male audiences .
The Chinese government deems such acts like this harm the social morality .
The first soup ever recorded comes from a hippo .
This event dates back to 6000 BC .
Soups were also believed to be the foundation of the earliest restaurants in history .
206 bones make up the skeletal system .
However , newborn babies are born with more bones in their bodies that only develop later on as they grow .
These bones are connected by tendons , ligaments , and cartilage .
The teeth are also part of our skeletal system , but they are not considered bones .
DUI offenders in Ohio are required to use yellow license plates .
These special yellow plates were issued in 2004 to let officials know if a vehicle has had multiple DUI violations already .
It also serves as a cone of shame for the owners of the vehicles to push them to be better drivers .
The world 's deepest postbox is in Japan .
It can be found in Susami Bay which is located in Wakayama , Japan .
The post is 10 meters underwater and most people require a diving suit just to get to it .
The oldest condom ever found dates back to the 1640s .
Evidence of this was found in a cesspit at Dudley Castle .
The condom was made from the innard of animals and fish which was a common material for early birth control .
La Paz , Bolivia is constantly at a temperature of below 50 degrees Fahrenheit .
Despite this constant average , it has never reached below 0 degrees .
This is also the case for Chile and the Falkland Islands .
Pumpkin flowers are edible .
The seeds , stem , skin , and flesh are all safe for human consumption .
These flowers are also used in some native dishes in some countries .
More commonly they are deep - fried .
An American man tried to fake his death so he would n't have to pay his phone bill .
In 2007 , Corey Taylor attempted to fake his own death to get out of his smartphone contract without paying for anything .
However , despite his efforts , it did not work .
Over 87,000 Americans are on a waiting list for organ transplants .
On average , the waiting time takes 3 - 5 years .
In most parts of the world , individuals may need to wait much longer than 5 years .
Kidneys are the most needed organs for transplants in the world .
Children are more often poisoned by house plants rather than household chemicals .
The poisoning could occur from eating or touching the leaves , roots , or berries .
Having skin contact with the plant ’s sap or juices could also cause poisoning .
Some cases also occur when children drink water that comes from the plant tray .
Majority of the Muppets are left - handed .
This is mainly because most of their puppeteers are right - handed .
This implies that they operate the head with their dominant hand .
Bacon was once a Middle English term used to refer to all pork .
This was a common practice during the 16th century .
The terms come from many German and French dialects .
Bulls are color blind .
This means that a bull is not irritated by the color red , but mostly due to the movement made by matadors .
Bulls are unable to see colors within the red - green spectrum .
Sneezing too hard can cause rib fractures .
Suppressing a sneeze could also lead to the rupture of a blood vessel in the head or neck .
This occurrence may lead to death .
However , keeping your eyes open during a sneeze will not make your eyes pop out of their sockets .
In England , a newborn ’s head is washed in rum for good luck .
This was a common occurrence in certain parts of Europe .
To wish a child great fortune in the future , butter and sugar would be given to the infant .
The largest lymphatic organ in the body is the spleen .
This is located on your left side under the ribs .
This organ contains white blood cells that fight against infections or diseases .
Dogs have over 1,700 taste buds .
A dog ’s sense of taste is about ⅙ as powerful as the human tongue .
Studies have shown that dogs are also able to detect the same basic taste classifications .
Carrots have zero fat content .
Instead , they contain several minerals and vitamins that are good for your health .
A carrot ’s water content also ranges from 86 -95 % .
The females of the Kangaroo species have a total of 3 vaginas .
The two side ones carry the sperm into the uteruses as male marsupials often have two - pronged penises .
The middle vagina is where the joey comes out from .
White chocolate is n’t chocolate .
This is made from a blend of sugar and milk products along with some cocoa powder and vanilla extracts .
The reason why this cannot be classified as chocolate is that it does not contain any chocolate solids in its making process .
Brushing your teeth too hard is bad for you .
Doing so can wear down the enamel .
This would then make your teeth sensitive to hot and cold foods .
Giraffes do not possess vocal cords .
This is mainly because these creatures do not possess a larynx .
This is what we refer to as vocal cords .
Light does not always travel at the speed of light .
Research has found that the slowest recorded light moving was at the speed of 38 mph .
The light can travel even slower if it is made to pass through obstacles such as water .
A Sardinian Cheese called Casu mazu contains live maggots .
These maggots can jump up to five inches out of the cheese as you eat it .
If you were able to try this delicacy , it is advised to protect your eyes while eating so that the maggots will not enter your eyes .
Chinese acupuncture states that there is a point in the head that can control one ’s appetite .
This point is located in the hollow that is just in front of the flap of the ear .
Pressing this point can either increase or decrease one ’s appetite .
There is a bird found in Kea that is over two feet long .
This bird can be found in New Zealand .
It has also been observed that it enjoys eating the strips of rubber found around car windows .
Wisdom teeth have no purpose .
Wisdom teeth are vestigial third molars that have helped in grinding plant tissue .
It was believed that the jaws of human ancestors had larger jaws with more teeth .
Often wisdom teeth are removed to prevent complicated problems that could occur if it continues to grow inside the mouth .
Birds can recognize landmarks .
Birds are built with their kind of GPS that allows them to navigate easily during migration .
A young bird will imprint on the sun and stars that allow it to attain familiarity with its location .
Dogs and cats also have a dominant side like humans do .
A research study from Washington , D.C. states that these animals can be left or right - handed .
They favor either the left or right paw when they move .
There are more than 10,000 different varieties of tomatoes .
The most popular variant is the Italian Heirloom which promotes a full tomato flavor .
More than 60 million tons of tomatoes are produced annually worldwide .
A space mission confirmed that frogs can vomit .
The frog puked out its entire stomach which caused its organs to dangle out of its mouth .
The frog then used its forearms to dig out the stomach ’s contents and swallow the organs again .
Most of the air you breathe goes out from your nostrils .
This is good because this is how our bodies were designed to naturally breathe .
Breathing through our nose allows us to take fuller and deeper breaths which provides the lungs greater amounts of oxygen to distribute through the body .
The ice cream cone was invented during the 1904 St. Louis world fair .
The invention of this edible container was made when a Syrian named Ernest E. Hamwi used batter at his waffle booth to make cones .
This was done to help out his neighbor who kept running out of serving bowls .
Research states that the loneliest creature on the planet is a whale .
This whale has been observed calling out for a mate for over two decades now .
However , due to its calls being at a different pitch than other whales , it is unable to successfully find a partner .
The spikes at the end of a stegasaurus ' tail is called a thagomizer .
This term originated and was made popular by a cartoonist named Gary Larson .
The term was introduced in 1982 and has been the term for the dinosaurs ’ tail ever since .
A British submarine once kept a fully grown reindeer aboard the vessel in WWII .
This reindeer was kept on the HMS Trident for six weeks straight .
They took care of it because it was said to be a gift from their Russian allies .
David Bowie once stated he was being stalked by a man in a pink rabbit suit .
Bowie noticed a particular fan during his concerts that would always attend the events in a large pink rabbit suit .
During one instance , he was alarmed to find the same rabbit onboard the plane he was on .
A human being can live with only one kidney .
A person may have one kidney removed to treat an injury or disease .
Even with one kidney , they may still be able to lead normal and healthy lifestyles .
As of the beginning of 2004 , the U.S. population increases by 1 every 12 seconds .
A birth takes place in the U.S. every 8 seconds and an immigrant is added every 25 seconds .
Death also occurs every 13 seconds .
A surgical procedure that removes fear from your brain exists .
This process is called selective amygdalohippocampectomy and is used to treat patients with epilepsy .
While this may sound like a process you would want to try , it comes with consequences .
Shaved heads were a symbol of extreme beauty in 1500 B.C Egypt .
Egyptian women would remove every strand of hair from their heads using gold tweezers .
They also polished their scalps to a high sheen using buffing cloths .
There is a species of frog that devours its prey through its eyes .
This frog is known as the Northern Leopard Frog which uses its eyes to help it push food down its throat .
It does so by retracting them into its head .
Your belly button grows hair .
The hair on your stomach is mainly used to catch lint .
These hairs mainly grow due to an excess of hormones .
Age also affects the amount of hair that grows around this area .
23 % of all photocopier problems are caused by people sitting on them .
People from all over the world cause machine difficulties by making copies of their buttocks .
Sitting on the machines is also dangerous for the person because they emit ozone into the air .
Constant exposure to this could irritate the eyes and respiratory tract .
A human thumb has its own pulse .
The reason for this is because there is a large artery located in the thumb .
This artery has a pulse different from the heart , which is why nurses use their middle and index fingers to take a patient ’s pulse .
A child can ask over a hundred questions a day .
Certain studies have found that the average 4 - year - old will ask more than 400 questions a day .
Meanwhile , a child will ask an average of 40,000 questions between the ages of 2 - 5 .
Buzz Aldrin is the first man to ever urinate on the moon .
He released himself onto the moon shortly after stepping onto the surface .
Now that ’s one way to mark your territory .
Certain fruit flies are resistant to getting drunk .
However , this is only so if they have an inactive version of what scientists call the ‘ happy hour ’ gene .
Scientists have found that this gene can be used to treat alcohol abuse in humans .
The man with the longest beard in the world died from his beard .
In 5767 , the man that held this title was trying to run from a fire at the time .
Due to his beard ’s length , he tripped over it which caused him to die in the fire .
Orange is not the only word in the English language that can not be rhymed .
Other words include silver , purple , and month .
Go on , try to think of anything that rhymes with them .
Sixth sick sheik 's sixth sheep 's sick is one of the hardest tongue twisters in the world .
Competitions are held all over the world to see if people can perform every single known tongue twister properly .
One rule in tongue twister competitions is to include a sentence that is over 15 words long .
There was a month - long plague in 1518 called Dance fever .
This phenomenon described people dancing themselves to death for no reason .
Hundreds of people were affected by this phenomenon that continues to be unexplained until today .
The shortest complete sentence in the English language consists of only two letters .
This sentence is “ Go ” .
This word is an active verb and can also be used to interpret a mood .
The smiley was nearly invented by Vladimir Nabokov .
This Russian - American writer stated how it was important to create special punctuation marks to indicate emotion in writing .
Nabokov was the first to propose the smiley as a way to add humor and make text more lively .
The “ Rule of Thumb ” phrase originates from old English laws .
This law stated that you could not beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb .
Greeks once believed that the mother ’s milk originated from the uterus .
During the middle ages , there was a vague understanding of the concept of breast milk .
Many believed that this was produced in the uterus and traveled to the breast organ via a special vessel in the woman ’s body .
The village of Giethoorn has no roads .
This village in the Netherlands has several underground paths and canals that its residents use .
The entire village is connected through these canals , giving them no reason to walk around on the surface .
Human lips are very sensitive .
They are sensitive because they have the thinnest layer of skin on the body .
The lips have over 1 million nerve endings .
The word ‘ testify ’ comes from an ancient Roman practice .
This practice made the men swear on their testicles when in court .
This would force them to speak the truth or risk having their testicles taken away .
A family in Kentucky had blue skin for generations .
The Fulgates of Troublesome Creek is thought to have gained their blue skin from a combination of a rare genetic condition and inbreeding .
Methemoglobinemia is what scientists believe causes this mutation .
The word ‘ pants ’ was once considered to be a dirty word .
This was considered a vulgar statement during the 1880s in England .
Any topic regarding the word was also frowned upon .
The most difficult phrases to create are palindromes .
These are sentences that read the same when reading backward .
Language experts state that forming an understandable sentence using palindrome is extremely difficult .
A few examples include “ redrum , sir , is murder ” and “ He lived as a devil , eh ? ” .
1000 is the first number from 0 that uses the letter a when spelled .
However , if you spell 101 as ‘ one hundred and one ’ , it may also count for some people .
Earthquakes can permanently shorten the length on the Earth 's day .
If a strong enough earthquake occurs , it can move the spin of the Earth ’s axis .
The 2011 earthquake in Japan knocked 1.8 microseconds off our days according to researchers .
A bar in London sells vaporized vodka .
This is consumed by inhaling it rather than drinking it .
Now that ’s one way to get a hit .
Your brain is active even if you are asleep .
As an adult passes into deeper stages of sleep , brain waves begin to slow down and become bigger .
As your sleep deepens , the brain activity moves into REM sleep .
The muscles then relax and breathing is regulated to help the body recover from the long day .
Celery has negative calories .
Scientists have stated that it takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the total amount of calories one piece contains .
Consider adding these tasty veggies as a new diet snack .
A glacier called blood falls exists .
In Antarctica , this glacier is known to regularly pour out red liquid .
This makes it look as if it is bleeding , hence the name .
Over 2 billion pencils are manufactured annually in the U.S.
If these pencils were laid down from tip to tip , it would be able to circle the globe nine times .
The average lead pencil will draw a line that is 35 miles long .
Quebec City , Canada has a low crime rate .
This is one of the safest cities in Canada .
It also has the same crime rate as Disney world .
Your left lung is not as big as the right lung .
The reason why is so that the right lung can make room for the liver .
The left lung is narrower because it needs to make room for the heart .
Scientist discovered a new bacteria that lives inside hairspray .
Microbacterium hatanosis was discovered in 2008 after isolating the many properties inside the hairspray .
The Spanish word for wife is ‘ esposa ’ .
The plural is esposas which translates to wives .
However , it may also translate to handcuffs .
The tip of the Eiffel tower does not lean towards the sun .
This is because the metal that faces the sun is heated up and expands .
The tower leans as much as 7 inches .
More people are afraid of spiders than they are of death .
Arachnophobia is more often correlated with the erratic movements of spiders rather than its bite .
Their ‘ legginess ’ is also a factor of why they seem so scary to those with this phobia .
The human skull is formed by 29 different bones .
These are composed of cranial , occipital , parietal , frontal and temporal bones .
It also includes facial , nasal , and lacrimal bones .
The ratio of Americans that have appeared on TV is 1:4 .
On average , an adult American will watch a total of 5 hours of TV daily .
This is over 35 hours per week .
Humans share about 50 % of our DNA with bananas .
By sequencing the entire genome of various organisms , researchers have discovered have similarities in their base material .
Human beings have been found to share many of the housekeeping genes that are necessary for cellular function with bananas .
The smallest cell in a man ’s body is the sperm cell .
It is also the overall smallest cell in human biology .
However , this is also one of the most complex cells in the male body as well .
More fast - food employees were killed while on shift than police officers in 1998 .
Fast - food murders are more common in the United States than in any other country .
This may warn you to have your order for delivery instead .
Originally , carrots were a purple color .
When carrots were cultivated in Afghanistan 1000 years ago , carrots were described as yellow or purple roots .
Once carrots were exported into Southern Europe during the 14th century , they began to widely grow around the country .
The U.S. government only owns ⅓ of the land its country has .
This is around 2.27 billion acres and is approximately 33 % of the total land .
However , the United States is the only country whose government owns more than 25 % of its land .
A baby will laugh over 300 times a day .
Babies typically start laughing between the age of 3 - 4 months .
Laughing is a good way to lower blood pressure and boosts the number of T - cells in your body .
Mars appears red to the human eye due to the iron oxide particles that suspends its atmosphere .
Sometimes it can also appear orange or orange - red color .
Oak trees cannot produce acorns if they are under 50 years of age .
While all oak trees produce acorns , they are not to be referred to as acorn trees .
Some species of oak trees , such as the pin oak , can produce its first few acorns at a much younger age .
Around 70 % of virus programmers are said to allegedly work under a strict contract for crime syndicates
Their jobs are to constantly detect vulnerabilities within their own company and try to find a way to block unwanted breaches out .
There is often a black or white scale in the world of virus programming .
Chilli peppers are not spicy .
The burning sensation in your mouth is a mental reaction and not a physical one .
These peppers contain a chemical called capsaicin which naturally binds to the pain receptors in our nerves .
Human blood is red due to the hemoglobin in our bodies .
Vertebrates and most animals also have red blood .
Grapes will explode inside the microwave .
For it to explode , you must split the grape almost in half and place it inside .
This will create a fireball of plasma which is caused by radiation and heat .
The human teeth are as strong as a shark ’s teeth .
Scientists have found that human teeth are just as strong as the teeth of sharks .
This is even though human teeth are made from a softer mineral compared to the ones found in a shark’s .
Potatoes can reflect your wi -fi signal .
In a 2012 experiment to test the wireless signals on new planes , potatoes were used and placed on the seats .
The results found that because of the high water content of the potatoes , they can reflect and absorb radio and wireless signals .
Human beings are also able to do the same thing .
You can turn coal mixed in peanut butter into a diamond .
With enough high pressure and equipment , the carbon material inside the coal can turn into a diamond .
However , this process takes an extensively long time to complete .
The cornea does not receive a blood supply .
This is the only part of the human body that does not have a blood vessel .
The cornea receives its oxygen directly from the air .
The Sasser worm mainly targets computers running on Microsoft OS and exploits a vulnerable network port .
This was mainly used in Microsoft XP operating systems .
This worm could download a patch from Microsoft and infect the system .
Mixing sperm and caffeine in a test tube makes them swim better .
This resulted in a premature burn out which makes the sperm inactive enough to properly fertilize an egg .
Saltwater takes 10 minutes to drown a person .
This kind of water is hypertonic to the ion concentration in lung cells .
This means that if you swallow the water , it will enter your bloodstream which will enter your lungs .
The tree of life is another name for the baobab tree .
This tree can store between 1,000 - 120,000 liters of water in its large trunk .
It can also be used to provide clothing , shelter , and food .
Inhaling helium will cause your voice to travel through your vocal cords quicker .
This causes your voice to sound higher .
Peanut butter contains insect fragments .
According to the DFA , about 100 grams of peanut butter can include 30 or more insect fragments inside it .
This includes hairs , scales , shed skin , etc .
Tulips were considered very valuable in the 1600s .
It was reported that during this time , Tulips were worth more than gold .
This flower was very popular during festivals and eventually became a form of currency .
The human skull remains conscious after decapitation .
It remains conscious for a few seconds to a minute after being separated from the body .
A full brain shut down occurs after 48 - 96 hours .
Onions contain sulphuric acid .
This is what causes your eyes to water when cutting them .
The sulphuric acid causes a burning sensation in your eyes which leads your tear glands to secrete tears to calm the irritation .
Bull sharks can adapt to freshwater environments .
In most sharks , this is not possible .
For some species of sharks , if they absorb too much freshwater and lose too much salt , they eventually die .
You would need about 37 gallons of water to grow a coffee bean .
More than 1,300 gallons of water are needed to produce one 12 oz .
cup of coffee .
The oldest wine bottle can be found in Germany .
This wine dates before to AD 325 and can be found displayed in the Speyer historical museum .
The roast camel is the largest menu item in the world .
This is served as a whole camel that is stuffed with lamb that has been stuffed with chickens .
The chickens are also stuffed with fish or eggs .
Several stages of stuffing also include rice or other fixings mixed in .
3 Students once installed keystroke loggers onto their teacher 's computers to hack and sell grades to students .
According to reports , the student was later sent to prison for stealing test answers and selling them to other students on campus .
The spyware that the student installed was found during a routine check - up of campus computers .
An apple is composed of 25 % air .
This explains why this fruit can float on water .
The fruit is also filled with flavorful juices that are composed of sugar and acids .
Hundreds of pirate attacks occur each year .
Worldwide the Piracy Reporting Crime center ( PRC ) recorded a number or 200 armed pirate robberies in 2018 .
However , most of these attacks go undocumented .
This is 180 times more than the total number of attacks in 2017 .
The rafflesia is the biggest flower .
Also known as the Monster flower , the rafflesia is the biggest flower .
Rafflesia reaches a width of over 3 ft .
The average person spends 6 months of their life waiting for traffic lights to turn green .
The average waiting time spent at a stoplight is 75 seconds .
This also accounts for 20 % of all driving time .
The chef of Charles the first is paid £ 500 a year to keep his ice cream recipe a secret .
Charles treated his recipe as if it were a state secret .
But he soon discovered that even a monarch cannot keep track of everything .
Cherophobia is the fear of being happy .
People who experience this go out of their way to avoid and invoke positive emotions .
These people also often fear socializing for it may lead to positive events .
This phobia is a form of anxiety disorder that is often treated with regular medication .
The heartbeat of a blue whale can be heard from two miles away .
This mammal is the largest on the entire planet and weighs over 150 tons .
Its heart is roughly the size of a small car and weighs over 1,300 pounds .
The blue whale ’s heart only beats 8 - 10 times per minute .
Frogs do not drink water .
Frogs do not swallow water like most animals and people do .
They absorb moisture through their skin and then secrete a mucus that helps them keep moist .
Cabbages are 92 % water .
Because of its high water content , the cabbage is considered a superfood .
Other vegetables such as zucchini , celery , and radish are 95 % water .
There is a bridge made especially for squirrels .
This was built to give the small creatures a safe pathway to use to cross the N44 motorway .
Officials from the Netherlands spent approximately 120,000 pounds on this project .
Only five squirrels were able to use this bridge .
A footlong from subway is not one foot long .
The subway footlong is made to be the registered trademark of the sandwich company .
The restaurant states that it was not made to be used as a measurement of length .
Marie Curie ’s old notebooks remain radioactive until today .
Curie ’s long exposure to radioactive material did not only affect her but most of her belongings as well .
This includes her clothes , furniture , and books .
Scientists state that her belongings that remain in a lead box will remain radioactive for at least another 1,500 years .
Over 70,000 plant species are medicinal .
These plant species provide herbal remedies needed for certain ailments .
Ginger , onion , and oregano are a few plants that have a purpose beyond our kitchens and culinary ventures .
Roosters have built - in earplugs in them .
Research has found that when a rooster opens its beak to crow , its external auditory canals close off .
This prevents the sound from coming in and acts as an earplug for them .
A rooster ’s crow is usually around 140 decibels and higher .
Bananas can naturally make people happy .
This particular fruit contains an amino acid that the body converts into serotonin .
Serotonin is more commonly known as the happy hormone that keeps us in a positive mood .
The father of Computer Science committed suicide .
Alan Turning committed the act after being forced to undergo hormonal treatment for his homosexuality .
He was also banned from continuing his research unless he went through the treatments .
Hydrofluoric acid is the least acidic but remains the most dangerous .
This can be fatal when swallowed or breathed .
It is also dangerous when coming into contact with the skin .
The Netherlands has to import criminals to fill up their jails .
Since 2004 , the Netherlands ’ crime rate has only gotten lower and lower .
In 2013 , a prison shut down because there were no criminals to put behind bars .
This low crime rate makes this country one of the safest places on the planet .
Rain has a smell .
The smell comes from a slightly pungent scent that comes from the ozone .
Specifically , the one that comes from fertilizers and natural sources that are carried in a storm ’s draft from a higher altitude .
This is why some people can smell rain right before it starts to pour .
Taxi drivers in London are called cabbies .
If you find yourself in a taxi cab in London , you can expect that they have memorized all the paths and roads in the city .
This is due to the mandatory test that all cabbies are required to take before being offered the job .
Mushrooms are n’t plants .
Mushrooms belong to the kingdom Fungi , which also includes yeasts , rust , mildew , and mold .
Mushrooms are often confused for plants because of their plantlike form .
A wild dog is ranked as the most successful predator .
According to research , canines have an 85 % success rate when hunting .
This is higher than that of a lion or cheetah .
A lion only has a 17 - 19 % success rate .
Apple pie is not American .
This delicacy is said to originate from Medieval England .
Variations of the original recipe were made popular by the Dutch which became the known favorite of today .
An encrypted monument stands outside of the CIA headquarters in Virginia .
This monument was created by artist Jim Sanborn and features four inscriptions .
3 of 4 of the inscriptions have been cracked already .
However , no one seems to be able to crack the final code to this day .
The human body is the cause of metallic smells found in coins and other metals .
Upon contact with come metals , 1 Octen 3
One is formed as the result of the decomposition of oil present on the skin .
This is what causes the metallic smell from metal .
The popsicle was invented by an 11 - year - old .
According to the story , an 11 year old by the name of Frank Epperson left his soda mixed with water outside in a cup overnight .
When he returned , the mixture had frozen and he ate it .
Expiration dates on a bottle of water is not for the water .
The expiration date is for the bottle itself .
After some time , the plastic will begin to leach into the liquid .
The word " Typewriter " is the longest word you can type using only one row of the keyboard .
Other words you could also try typing are pretty , power , and tweety .
Large banks use computers to process checks and debit card charges by the highest amount first .
This is because checks with higher amounts of value need to be thoroughly double - checked first before clearing .
This explains why it may take a few working days before clearing can be issued .
From the “ weather is not climate department ” another report of ice further south than has been recently experienced .
Here ’s a picture from this China Daily news story :
From Maritime Global.net
CHINA PORTS FREAK WEATHER ALERT
By David Hughes
Published : Tue , 26 January 2010
Freak weather conditions and / or abnormal weather patterns have been reported in several parts of the world during recent months warns the American P&I Club .
One of the latest examples is a significant build - up of sea ice in some major northern Chinese ports , the volume exceeding , it says , anything experienced in more than 30 years .
In an alert to its members , the club says the problem is centred around Bohai on the northern Yellow Sea coast , affecting ports such as Bayuquan and Dalian .
At Bayuquan , patches of ice 500 - 600 mm thick have formed in some places , while lesser patches have been seen in the immediate vicinity of the port .
Three icebreakers are working to avoid delays to ships , while the local Maritime Safety Authority is strictly supervising inbound and outbound vessel traffic .
Other northern ports – such as Jingtang , Caofeidian and Xingang – are said to be not so seriously affected .
On January 17 , the Chinese National Sea Weather Forecast Station reported that floating ice around Liaodong Gulf extended as far as some 60 nautical miles from shore , at Bohai Gulf around 22 miles , Northern Yellow Sea around 14 miles , and Laizhou Gulf around 33 miles .
However , with more cold weather fronts expected later , ice coverage around the Bohai coast could expand , according to the club ’s correspondents in China , Huatai Agency & Consultant Services Ltd .
The club advises that vessels scheduled to call at northern ports , especially Bayuquan , should be ready for extreme temperatures and ensure Port State Control requirements are strictly followed to avoid unnecessary delay .
===============
Here ’s another news story from AsiaOne News :
Bohai bay turns into block of ice
h/t to Ron De Haan ( Note : please fix your email !! )
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Congress Switchboard : 202-224-3121
" Rob Kall 's Bottom - Up weaves together the many strands of new thinking about how to use decentralized , non-hierarchical approaches to solve crucial social and economic problems .
Bottom - Up presents a tapestry of ideas and examples that can inspire and guide readers . "
Peter Plastrik , coauthor of Connecting to Change the World : Harnessing the Power of Networks for Social Impact
Me : “ Tech support .
How can I help you ? ”
Caller : “ My [ expletive ]
Internet is down ; what ’s wrong with you people ? ! ”
Me : “ Well , let ’s find out , ma’am .
Do you mind troubleshooting a bit to find out what the problem is ? ”
Caller : * huge sigh * “ Fine , but I ’ve checked everything already . ”
Me : “ Okay .
First , let ’s look at your modem lights .
Do you see the link light on ? ”
Caller : “ No .
No lights are on . ”
Me : “ All right .
Can you check the power cable to see if it ’s plugged in ? ”
Caller : “ I ca n’t see anything .
The power is out . ”
Me : “ Well , that might be our problem , then . ”
Caller : “ What the h*** are you talking about ?!
This is the exact reason I bought a laptop , for it to work when there is a power outage ! ”
Me : “ Right , but where does your Internet connection come from ? ”
Caller : “ My phone line . ”
Me : “ Right , and where is that plugged into ? ”
Caller : “ My modem . ”
Me : “ Right . ”
( There ’s a pretty lengthy pause , during which I swear I can hear the gears grinding in her head . )
Caller : “ F*** ! ” * click *
LAS VEGAS -- During a year - long gambling binge at the Caesars Palace and Rio casinos in 2007 , Terrance Watanabe managed to lose nearly $ 127 million .
The run is believed to be one of the biggest losing streaks by an individual in Las Vegas history .
It devoured much of Mr. Watanabe 's personal fortune , he says , which he built up over more than two decades running his family 's party - favor import business in Omaha , Neb .
It also benefitted the two casinos ' parent company , Harrah 's Entertainment Inc. , which derived about 5.6 % of its Las Vegas gambling revenue from Mr. Watanabe that year .
Today , Mr. Watanabe and Harrah's are fighting over another issue : whether the casino company bears some of the responsibility for his losses .
In a civil suit filed in Clark County District Court last month , Mr. Watanabe , 52 years old , says casino staff routinely plied him with liquor and pain medication as part of a systematic plan to keep him gambling .
Nevada 's Gaming Control Board has opened a separate investigation into whether Harrah 's violated gambling regulations , based on allegations made by Mr. Watanabe .
Rosemarie has apparently lost two stone in weight , spends her days painting pictures in her small flat .
She was not allowed to take any possessions from the 66 - room house beneath which her husband built his secret dungeon because it is sealed by the court as Fritzl has debts of over £ 2 million which must be settled .
The Next Big Thing : Neomedievalism
Many see the global economic crisis as proof that we live in one world .
But as countries stumble to right the wrongs of the corporate masters of the universe , they are driving us right back to a future that looks like nothing more than a new Middle Ages , that centuries - long period of amorphous conflict from the fifth to the 15th century when city - states mattered as much as countries .
The state is n’t a universally representative phenomenon today , if it ever was .
Already , billions of people live in imperial conglomerates such as the European Union , the Greater Chinese Co-Prosperity Sphere , and the emerging North American Union , where state capitalism has become the norm .
But at least half the United Nations ’ membership , about 100 countries , can hardly be considered responsible sovereigns .
Billions live unsure of who their true rulers are , whether local feudal lords or distant corporate executives .
In Egypt and India , democratic elections have devolved into auctions .
Delivering security and providing welfare are n’t just campaign promises ; they are the campaign .
The fragmentation of societies from within is clear : From Bogotá to Bangalore , gated communities with private security are on the rise .
This diffuse , fractured world will be run more by cities and city - states than countries .
Once , Venice and Bruges formed an axis that spurred commercial expansion across Eurasia .
Today , just 40 city - regions account for two thirds of the world economy and 90 percent of its innovation .
The mighty Hanseatic League , a constellation of well - armed North and Baltic Sea trading hubs in the late Middle Ages , will be reborn as cities such as Hamburg and Dubai form commercial alliances and operate “ free zones ” across Africa like the ones Dubai Ports World is building .
Add in sovereign wealth funds and private military contractors , and you have the agile geopolitical units of a neomedieval world .
Even during this global financial crisis , multinational corporations heavily populate the list of the world ’s largest economic entities ; the commercial diplomacy of emerging - market firms such as China ’s Haier and Mexico ’s Cemex has already turned North - South relations inside out faster than the nonaligned movement ever did .
There are positive sides to a world where every man can be a nation unto himself .
Postmodern Medicis such as Bill Gates , Anil Ambani , George Soros , and Richard Branson take it upon themselves to cure pandemics , run corporate cities , undermine authoritarian regimes , and sponsor climate - saving research .
But the Middle Ages were fundamentally a time of fear , uncertainty , plagues , and violence .
So , too , their successor .
AIDS and SARS , terrorism and piracy , cyclones and rising sea levels — it is no longer clear how to invest in the future , or what future to invest in .
Figuring out how to respond to this new world will take decades at least .
The next Renaissance is still a long way off .
Thank
You for visiting our preview gallery .
We hope you enjoyed these preview pics of Tabbi , who represents just a small sampling of the 1,300 models we have on our site .
If you would like to see more ATKINGDOM girls like Tabbi , we graciously invite you to browse the entire ATKINGDOM model directory below , totally free of charge .
Yep : that really is illuminating .
One might imagine that no one would be able to compete with Ron Paul 's small government credentials , his resistance to almost any government spending , and his uniquely consistent fiscal conservatism .
But the Dallas Morning News ( hat tip : Weigel ) reports he has three " Tea Party " primary challengers .
Three .
Paul , remember , was by some measures the first Tea Partier , raising a vast amount of money for his presidential campaign online on the 234th anniversary of the original Tea -Party .
But he does n't measure up any more :
John Gay , Paul 's third opponent , said he has attended several Tea Parties and related meetings .
Both Wall , a machine supervisor , and Graney , a former small - business owner , have helped organize local rallies .
Tea Party associations aside , many of the challengers ' criticisms echo concerns of Paul 's past opponents : that he is too focused on his national ambitions ; that his views are too extreme ; that he does n't support the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ; that he votes " no " on everything , including federal aid for his district after Hurricane Ike .
So these tea-partiers want more federal aid , and support the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
If you believe for a second that they are real fiscal conservatives , you 're hallucinating .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
А если я
Вас заинтересовал , Вы можете мен я Twitter .
Всегда рад новым друзьям ! :)
Приветствую !
Есл и
Вы впервые на этом сайте , и он Вам понравился , предлагаю подписаться на RSS и не пропускать новые статьи .
А если я
Вас заинтересовал , Вы можете меня зафолловить .
Всегда рад новым друзьям ! :)
Привет , ребятушки !
На днях в мою голову пришла мысля , что нужно создать еженедельную рубрику - подборку всяких креативных вещей , прототипов и решений , которые создают дизайнеры всего мира .
Я думаю , посмотреть фотки концепций всяких штукови н
Вам будет очень интересно , как и мн е
Как всё будет происходить ?
Целую неделю я буду собирать всякие интересности из Сети , которые будут попадаться мне на пути , и публиковать их в подборках каждую пятницу .
Рубрику я назвал " Creative sight " , так сказать , креативный взгляд дизайнеров на мир , жизнь и быт .
Линейка стартует сегодня и к Вашему вниманию 1-я подборка !
Погнали !)
Кран - коробка передач ( Дизайнер - Shen Di )
Шанхайский Экспо - центр 2010
Светильная лампа ( Дизайнер - Cedric Ragot )
Чайные пакетики ( Дизайнер - Soon Mo Kang )
Зонтик с воздухом ( Дизайнеры - Je Sung Park & Woo Jung Kwon )
Подземный дом ( Вальс , Швейцария )
Горшки для пересадки вазонов ( Дизайнер - Hyunjun Kim )
Кролик из морковки ( Идея - Magpie Studio )
Часы с неподвижными стрелками ( Дизайнер - Stas Aki )
Ну , для начала , пока - что хватит .
Главное начал .
Дальше будет больше и ещё интереснее , так как у меня уже есть материал для следующего поста .
До встречи в следующей подборке , друзья !
А пока - что подписывайтесь на RSS , чтобы не пропустить следующую подборочку ! )
( проголосовало : 8 , средняя оценка : 4.75 с 5 )
Loading ...
This is part of the behind - the - scenes section of Mixergy , which I call etc .
Usually , it ’s a struggle to remove myself from an email newsletter .
I have to search for the right link and read the fine print and check off the right boxes .
Check out how Groupon handled the same process .
I used Wistia to embed this videos because they give me incredible stats .
( They ’ll have ads here soon . )
Embed this video :
< object width = ” 600 ″ height = ” 474 ″ id =” wistia_90863 ″ classid=” clsid: D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000 ″ >< param name = ” movie ” value= ” http://mixergy-cdn.wistia.com/flash/embed_player_v1.1.swf”/><param name= ” allowfullscreen ” value= ” true ” />< param name= ” allowscriptaccess ” value= ” always ” />< param name = ” wmode ” value= ” opaque ” />< param name = ” flashvars ” value=” playButtonVisible=true&unbufferedSeek=true&controlsVisibleOnLoad=false&autoPlay=false&videoUrl=http://mixergy-cdn.wistia.com/deliveries/755c5132eb1798806cf83a9d1c30dc20183b1ff4.bin&stillUrl=http://mixergy-cdn.wistia.com/deliveries/ef39933681f417b1b516c4f3c90c61b9b8e30be3.bin&embedServiceURL=http://distillery.wistia.com/x&accountKey=wistia-production_1621&mediaID=wistia-production_90863&mediaDuration=32.7″/><embed src= ” https://mixergy-cdn.wistia.com/flash/embed_player_v1.1.swf” width = ” 600 ″ height = ” 474 ″ name=” wistia_90863 ″ type=” application/x-shockwave-flash ” allowfullscreen=” true ” allowscriptaccess = ” always ” wmode= ” opaque ” flashvars = ” playButton Visible=true&unbufferedSeek=true&controlsVisibleOnLoad=false&autoPlay=false&videoUrl=http://mixergy-cdn.wistia.com/deliveries/755c5132eb1798806cf83a9d1c30dc20183b1ff4.bin&stillUrl=http://mixergy-cdn.wistia.com/deliveries/ef39933681f417b1b516c4f3c90c61b9b8e30be3.bin&embedServiceURL=http://distillery.wistia.com/x&accountKey=wistia-production_1621&mediaID=wistia-production_90863&mediaDuration=32.7″></embed></object><a href= ” https://mixergy.com”>Business Tips </a> via Mixergy , home of the ambitious upstart !
It ’s that time of the year again .
Instead of writing my goals for the next year ( which I seriously think to ditch altogether ) I thought to publish 100 things I made in 2009 .
Some of them are firsts , some of them are somehow exotic , while some of them are just personal things I did in 2009 and thought are worth remembering .
And some of them are just things .
1. Wrote My First ebook
By far one of the most important things I did in 2009 .
And also a first .
Being a blogger for more than one year is something , but writing a 90 + pages ebook is a completely different thing .
I ’m happy I did it .
2. Saw a Real Geisha
It happened in Kyoto , a great Japanese city ( even more interesting than Tokyo , sometimes ) .
Spotting a real geisha in Gion was like time traveling .
I felt like a samurai .
I really did .
3. Started a Gratitude Experiment
Again , a first one .
Wrote down for 30 days each things I was grateful for .
Although not very spectacular , it was a life changing experiment , read the conclusions here .
4. Hit a Bird With a Plane
The first and hopefully the last one .
It was a really unpleasant experience .
Had to fly from Los Angeles to Auckland and after we hit the bird we got back to LA and had to change flights .
5. Attended a Real Japanese Tea Ceremony
One of the most profound experiences I had .
It ca n’t be explained and it ’s something difficult to understand until you attend a real one .
It ’s the triumph of beauty and grace over structure and rules .
6. Flew Around the World in 2 Weeks
It was in September / October : I attended a personal development seminar in Las Vegas and thought it would be interesting to get back by the other side of the world , via Auckland , Bangkokg and Vienna .
7. I Did My First Massive Guest Posting
Which may as well be the first massing guest posting ever .
Massive guest posting means publishing a series of related guest posts on a different blogs , all at the same time .
8. Spent A Week in Vegas
That was a first .
Enlightening , more in the sense of killing a lot of mental representations of that city .
It ’s huge , spectacular and shiny , but in the end it ’s nothing but just another city .
9. Attended a Personal Development Workshop
While I was in Vegas , of course , making this a second first , so to speak .
I ’ve never attended such a workshop before and it was interesting .
Gave me the drive to start my own workshops .
10 . Hit the Delicious Home Page
In every blogger career , hitting the home page of a major social media service ( in this case , Delicious ) is a big leap .
I did it several times in the last few months .
Thank you all 🙂
11 . Visited La Gruyeres
A nice little castle in Switzerland .
One of the most beautiful places I ’ve been so far to .
The fairy - tale - like atmosphere was extremely strong : made feel like a chevalier .
12 . Lost A Few Enemies
Some of them by ignoring their actions ( which eventually exhausted them ) some of them by open confrontation .
To be honest , I reconsidered the whole concept of enemies during this year : most of the time , they are just reflections of your internal , unsolved problems .
13 . Learned How To Lose a Fight
It ’s not that difficult , you know .
You just have to acknowledge that you ’re not always right .
And even if you are right , it ’s ok if you ’re the only one who knows that .
Let them think they ’re smart .
Does n’t hurt .
14 . Created and Held My First Blogging Workshop
That was quite of a challenge but I ’m glad I made it .
It was a complete success and made me realize that personal development happens also in real life , “ in the trenches ” , not only on the blog .
15 . Visited Tokyo
One of the most intense experiences , mainly because of the cultural shock .
Very different from what I expected but also extremely engaging .
Will definitely go back to Tokyo sometime soon .
16 . Created and Held My Mentorship Workshop
In the same league with the one above , only it was directed towards young online entrepreneurs .
Already had two series and the next one , in January , is completely booked .
17 . Visited Bangkok
Another first .
Never been to Thailand and decided to go in a rush , on a Monday afternoon .
The whole trip to Thailand was incredible but visiting Bangkok was somehow special .
18 . Had My First Real Thai Massage
Of course , during my trip to Thailand .
It was somewhere near Wat Pho , the temple where the real Thai massage was created and I felt great after the session .
I can fall for an addiction to it .
19 . Visited a Floating Market in Thailand
The actual touristic ride was disappointing , but the floating market in itself was very interesting .
The Damnon Saeduk floating market is still a place to visit in Thailand , but I do n’t know for how long .
20 . Re-visited Paris
I can do it anytime .
Visiting Paris for 3 days it ’s like going on a trip to the Moon for me .
I ’m very close to this city , do n’t know why .
And do n’t really bother why , either , I ’m just enjoying it whenever I can .
21 . Visited Versailles
For the first time .
Again , not even remotely a fan of crowded touristic packages but this part cut away , Versailles is one of the few places on Earth I can always and openly recommend to visit .
For its special harmony .
22 . Ride on an Elephant
During my visit in Thailand .
I wanted to mention it here because of its contrast with my Western culture , I ’m sure it ’s pretty common in other parts of the world .
It was fun .
23 . Ride a Tuk-tuk
Thailand traditional wheel transportation in busy cities like Bangkok .
Did n’t really intended to , but got caught in semi- adventurous cruise on Chao Phraya which included some tuk - tuk riding .
24 . Climbed the Eiffel Tour
For the third time .
And I could be there every day .
I have a huge fascination for high places ( sometimes I think it ’s pretty close to compulsion ) .
Eiffel
Tour fascinates me both as a building and as a high place .
25 . Visited Prague
For the first time .
And fall in love with it .
I could n’t describe why , but the whole atmosphere and the fact that I got there with my family too made it something really enjoyable .
26 . Ride the Shinkansen
Again , this should be put in the “ firsts ” basket .
The Japanese Shinkansed is not only a technical marvel but an incredibly functional and useful transportation tool .
Great experience .
27 . Visited Vienna
Meaning Â I visited it at my leisure .
Had fun in Prater and walked around .
Again , being there with my wife and daughter made all the difference .
It was a fantastic holiday because of that .
28 . Joined A New Group
It ’s called OpenCoffee and it ’s a weekly informal meeting for young online entrepreneurs .
A year ago I could n’t see myself there .
29 . Visited Schonnbrunn
Along with Versailles , Schonnbrunn should be visited by anybody planning a Europe tour .
It ’s just an important milestone not only in history , but in the way beauty was conceived and created .
30 . Climbed Petrini Tower in Prague
Yes , I already told you about my obsession with highs .
In Prague , there is tower named Eiffel Tour because it resembles to the original in paris , but the real name is Petrini Tower .
It was fun .
31 . Climbed Danube Tower in Vienna
That was most because of the rotating restaurant on the top .
We ate there and had 2 full rotations during dinner .
It ’s fantastic to see Vienna from the the top AND in any direction .
32 . Flew over the Atlantic for the First Time
Another first for me .
I already crossed Pacific a few times ( during my trips to New Zealand and Japan ) but never been over the Atlantic .
Of course this does not compare with a cruise , but still .
33 . Visited Waiheke Island in New Zealand .
Again
I ca n’t get enough of that place , period .
Every time I ’m in Auckland I try to steal at least half a day from my chores to run away with the ferry and just stare at the ocean from Litte Oneroa Beach .
34 . Got My First Kindle
Which proved to be a massive help in my travels .
I ’m not using it very often now .
Mainly because , as a declared Apple fanboy , I ’m still waiting for Apple ’s tablet which may ( or may not ) replace Kindle .
35 . Started My Life Management Framework – ADD
Which comes from Assess– Decide – Do . A life management framework should be flexible enough to accommodate whatever life situations you may encounter , from relationships to programming .
36 . Wrote my first 100 items list
And that would be 100 Ways To Live A Better Life .
Shortly followed by another 3 ( 4 with this one ) .
By far one of the most important and effective blogging exercises I ever made .
And it ’s not only about blogging , it ’s more about getting over your self imposed limitation .
37 . Visited Budapest
As one of the cities in which we stopped in our family holiday this year .
Had a very nice cruise on the Danube river and a nice walk on the old part of Budapest .
38 . Changed the Domain Name of My Blog
From dragosroua.com to dragosroua.com .
That proved to be one of the best decision I made in terms of strategy .
Since then , the blog started to grow at a very sustainable rate .
More details here .
38 . Reached One Year of Blogging as a Pro
And also shared what I learned in the process .
From making money on how I promote it and what were the personal benefits of it .
One year of blogging is an important milestone .
39 . Turned 39
And I tried to share at least 39 things learned through experience .
I still find that the way we measure our age is just a number .
I think some people can squeeze in 1 year more than others can do in a lifetime .
40 . Started a 30 Days Exercising Challenge
Which ended before even reaching to the half of it because I injured my ankle .
After I got better I started to exercise regularly , at least 3 times per week .
And I still do this now .
41 . Learned Another 7 Things From my Daughter
Each year I realize so little I know compared to my daughter .
We ’re not here to teach our kids , we ’re here to learn from them what we forgot in the process of growing up : how to enjoy life .
42 . Quit My Raw Food Diet
After 9 and half months .
I did mainly for social reasons , .
Especially during my trip to Japan I found it extremely difficult to cope with it .
I will start it again ( maybe not so strict ) next year .
43 . Finished a Year Long Promotion on My Blog
That was a very special thing I ’ve done , marketing and monetization - wise .
It was a really interesting idea and surely one that taught me a lot .
It also became the main source of revenue for this blog .
44 . Been on Tokyo Tower
Also known as the biggest tourist trap in Tokyo .
If it was n’t for my highs obsession , I would n’t even consider to go there .
If you ’re keen on seeing big cities from above , go there , if not , go to a temple instead .
45 . Attended A Toastmasters Meeting
While I was in Vegas .
A totally first for me and a very nice experience .
Will do it again .
46 . Slept in A Hostel in Kyoto
And felt fantastic .
A first one for me but definitely something to consider doing again .
I met a bunch of interesting people and had a great time .
If I will travel alone again , that would be my first option from now on .
47 . Met a Personal Development Blogger Friend in Real Life
The very talented and supportive Ian Peatey .
Became friends .
It was my first real networking effort in real life ( as opposed to social media ) .
Proved to be a very nice experience .
48 . Gambled in A Vegas Casino
It ’s been a while since I broke up with gambling and I ’m really glad I did it BEFORE going to Vegas .
Had a lot of fun gambling in Vegas casinos , especially since I did n’t lose ;-) .
Would n’t do it again , though .
49 . Built a Small Fence in My Front Yard
An afternoon project but fun enough to be remembered as a nice thing I did in 2009 .
Every time I come home I see the fence and I like it .
I ’m such a DIY junkie …
50 . Planted a Vineyard in My Back Yard
14 roots and I have great expectations from them .
Joking , of course , but happy that all the 14 roots were pretty well during the year .
Expecting the first grapes next year , though .
51 . Ate in Montmartre
“ Chez Gigi ” .
Twice .
Highly recommend his avocado salad .
I do n’t know if it was the pastis or the food but I clearly remember that place as one of the most “ fulfilling ” to visit in Montmartre .
52 . Reconnected with My Son
It was n’t something big , just the fact that we re-connected and started to talk again .
The main roadblock in our relationship ( my bad relationship with his mother , that is ) is slowly starting to melt .
And I ’m happy about that .
53 . Been On an Artificial Island for the First Time
It ’s called Odayba Island , in Tokyo .
As every other Japanese attraction is a little bit difficult to grasp at first , but the simple fact I wet my toes in Pacific while sitting on an artificial beach was enough for me .
54 . Climbed on Top of Sacre Coeur .
Again .
I think this will be something I would have to cross off my to - do list every time I will visit Paris from now on .
Combine my attraction to high places with the challenging climbing and you ’ll get something I just could n’t resist .
55 . Reached the Highest Point I Ever Been : Mount Fuji
Technically , I was n’t to the top , because the weather sucked and to be honest I did n’t see much .
But a fact is a fact : I ’ve been much higher than the 2000 something altitude of mountains I had in Romania so far .
56 . Ate Fondue for the First Time
In La Gruyeres , an old medieval Castle in Swizeland .
Fondue is a sort of melted cheese you ate directly from a heating device .
Did n’t make me roll on the floor in excitement but it was nice .
57 . Officially Got Over GTD
Or , in a more flexible approach : I remained GTD over the hype .
GTD is a nice methodology but it was clearly overwhelmed by its own hype .
If you need to really implement it , start by going away from it .
58 . Started a Mastermind Group
With Adam Baker from ManVsDebt and Glenn Allsop from VyperChill .
I met Adam on a trip to New Zealand and I guess that would make him the second blogger I met in real life .
59 . Visited a Japanese Zen Temple
Amazing experience , again .
By reading about those things you barely get a shallow representation .
Experiencing a Zen temple in reality was enlightening .
60 . Saw a Double Rainbow in my Backyard
After a summer storm .
I can remember it just by closing my eyes .
And yes , that was another first for this year , I do n’t remember seeing a double rainbow before .
61 . Started a Closed Coaching Group
It ’s mentorship , combined with workshops and coaching .
A closed group in which I coach several people at once , smaller than a mentorship class but bigger than a 1 on 1 session .
62 . Had My First Reiki Session
It was a long distance session with a Reiki master located in US .
Again , did n’t write much about it because , although the results were quite sensible , they were n’t pass the placebo effect .
Will dive into Reiki more next year .
63 . Friends and Money Does n’t Work Together
It was one of the few disappointments I had during this year .
Whenever you get on a different level of income , usually bigger , you should be very careful of who pretend is your friend .
64 . Learned How To Better Control My Reactions
I guess it had something to do with a certain maturity level I reached .
Nevertheless , it was clearly a breakthrough for me this year : avoided so many possible fights , misunderstandings or just plain troubles .
65 . Made A Lot Of Good Friends
Most of them online , but , surprisingly enough , a lot of new , real people entered into my life this year .
I ’m grateful for all of them .
I ’m always grateful when I make a new friend .
A real new friend .
66 . Learned How To Appreciate Life More
Instead of just having money and spend them , which is what most of the people think enjoying life is .
Sometimes we need violent events in our lives to realize how much do we really have .
I did n’t have a violent event in my life , but I realized how much do I have .
67 . Sailed a Long Tail Boat in Thailand
I was only on Chao Phraya , in Bangkok but it was quite an experience .
It ’s not very different form a normal boat , but it ’s kind of exotic and strange .
Also , the whole context was a little adventurous , so all in all was a very nice thing to do .
68 . Made Pancakes with My 3 Year Old Daughter
I suspect she ’s better than me at this .
Nevertheless , we did this on a number of occasions and the result was so tasty that it could n’t resist on the plate for more than a few minutes .
Like , really , the pancakes were actually disappearing inside ourselves .
69 . Started To Host Guest Posts on My Blog
Technically , this will happen only next year , but the decision was taken this year .
I ’m really looking forward to this as it will open a lot of new ways to my online interaction .
And not only online .
70 . Visited Yvoire
A nice medieval village in France .
I will always remember the little streets and the strange atmosphere .
From time to time , Bianca would stop at some of the artisans shops and we ended up buying a lot of worthless little souvenirs .
71 . Visited Annecy
Another French medieval village , this time more commercial .
We ate fondue and we walked around the small streets taking pictures and trying to avoid the snow .
Both Yvoire and Annecy were parts of our new year trip to Switzerland .
72 . Witnessed a Glitch in the New Zealand Banking System
Meaning my bank made a terrible blunder , debiting my account by mistake .
Took me a few months and a special visit to Auckland to straight things out .
73 . Wrote My First iPhone App
Did n’t published it .
Yet .
In fact , there were a few apps ready during the year but none polished enough to worth an upload to the App Store .
Writing apps for the iPhone is one of the strangest things I did as a programmer .
74 . Built A Huge Aluminium Shelve in My Garage
The climax of my DIY addiction .
Took me more than a week , days of planning and a lot of noise and chaos .
It spreads over an entire wall and it ’s one of my most secrets reasons of pride .
Just do n’t tell anyone . 😉
75 . Made Raw Chocolate for the First Time
Using cocoa powder , dried dates and cashews .
Although it was really tasty I was the only one around to enjoy its benefits .
Will do it again soon , I ’m sure .
76 . Ate Onegiri for the First Time
If you ’re living in Japan and read this , you might find it strange , I can admit that .
But for me it was a first .
I know it ’s not a big deal – the closest concept to it is the hamburger , I suppose – but for me it was a real nice diet compromise during my visit to Japan .
77 . Changed My Home Office Room Twice
Not even remotely as important as starting my own blogging workshop or flying around the world on a plane , but it was a fact that somehow influenced my working patterns .
Now I only have a desk , a couch , a chair and book shelve .
And it ’s great . 🙂
78 . Gave My First Interview As A Personal Development Blogger
It was on this blog .
To be honest , I felt a little bit strange .
Been interviewed before , but as an online entrepreneur , when I had my online business in Romania .
Well , I guess I ’ll have to get used to it as a part of my blogging stuff .
79 . Wrote An Interview with Yourself
That ’s right , you , the reader on my blog .
Because you ’re important , that ’s why .
I wrote 33 questions for an interview with yourself and I was so happy to see the answers , not only in the comments but on other blogs that picked up this challenge too .
80 . Been On A Human Powered Amusement Park
Well , almost .
Many of the amusement attractions were powered by physical human reffort : for instance , in order to make a mery - go - round spinning you had to run on a platform .
The park was in Marquartstein , Germany , near the border with Austria .
81 . Visited Kitzbuehl During Summer
One of the most exclusive ski resorts in Europe , Kitzbuehl proved to be a quiet and elegant small city during summer .
We saw a local parade and ate at small restaurants .
In between , we hiked around the city .
Beautiful view .
82 . Visited a Witch ’n Water Park in Austria
It ’s called Hexenwasser and it ’s almost on top of the mountains .
I ’m not a big fan of this , but , apparently , Diana and Bianca enjoyed their stay .
Dunno if I ’m going back but nevertheless it was quite an experience .
83 . Improved My Self - Discipline
Although I quit my raw food diet and traveled a lot , this year I experienced a big leap in my self - discipline .
Which means for me : doing as much as you can from what you want , while still managing to have a life .
84 . Re-ignited My Twitter Account
My initial twitter experience , under edragonu , was a little bit of a blunder .
Got overwhelmed by all this information and had to stop it and start clean with the dragosroua account .
The most important lesson : let it grow organically .
85 . Wrote My Personal Mission Statement
And followed it ever since .
That should also go to the “ firsts ” .
A few years ago , a personal mission statement would have seem shallow and stupid to me .
Now it seems shallow and stupid not to have one .
86 . Been The Subject of a Random Act of Kindness
In between planes , on the Hong King airport , a few months ago , I badly needed an adapter to plug in my laptop .
My New Zealand , Thai and Japanese adapters did n’t work , Hong Kong had a different one .
A stranger who had to leave in 5 minutes just gave me his adapter .
Do n’t know his name , but I thank him .
87 . Had a Nest of Birds in my House Walls
This is really strange : in the spring , a family of sparrows made their nest in a small hole of one of our bedrooms ’ walls .
Every morning we were waking up with the ( real ) tweeting .
Even hold a small sparrow in my hand for a few minutes and so did Bianca .
88 . Ate Kumara for the First Time
During one of my visits to New Zealand .
Kumara is a potato variety , but so sweet that if do n’t wear gloves while peeling it , you get sugar in your hand ’s skin for several days .
It was delicious ( my friends there are one of the best cooks I know ) .
89 . Had Online Access while Being on a Plane
Happened while I was in the US this fall .
I was so surprised to actually have online access on the flight between New York and Las Vegas that I barely wanted to try it out , thinking it must be a scam or something .
It was n’t .
I actually worked during that 6 hours flight .
90 . Stopped Complaining
I still have the “ need ” every now and then , but overall , I think my complaining times are over .
Yes , I hit some things I did n’t like this year .
Yes , sometimes life is not fair .
So what ?
Learned that if you start acting instead of complaining you may actually have the chance to change something .
91 . Cruised on Vltava
That would be Prague , if you do n’t know that already .
That was one of the funniest cruises I ever had , with a guide sober enough to remember all of the 4 languages in which the tour had to be told , but drunk enough to mix them adorably .
92 . Published My First Book
As in printed it .
Again , technically , this will happen next year , but all the bricks and mortars have been laid out this year .
Yes , it will be available through Amazon and yes , I will make sure I ’ll give a link to anyone interested , thanks . 🙂
93 . Fully Worked From Home
That was my first year ever working fully from home .
Yes , I had the workshops which I had to held outside , but other than that , everything was done from my home .
I enjoyed it .
A lot .
I ’m not sure if I ’m able to come back working on a regular office anymore .
94 . Made My Own Rules
And stuck with them .
Some people around were a little upset .
Working from home or traveling the world was so different from what I used to do .
But , hey , that ’s life .
95 . Openly Expressed My Emotions
More than ever .
Yes , there were some really sad moments this year .
Yes , I was angry at times .
But I did n’t deny my emotions , nor did I tried to avoid them .
If you let it inside you for too long , it will rotten .
96 . Published My First Guest Post
On Alex Fayle ’s great blog .
In fact , I published 2 guest posts on that blog and this really helped me understand a lot more about my own writing .
I ’m going to this more often in 2010 .
97 . Got Introduced To EFT
EFT as in Emotional Freedom Technique is an alternative way to reduce stress and improve health .
Did n’t talk much about it on the blog because I did n’t experience it deeply , just got introduced to it .
Looks promising .
98 . Had A Blog Post Translated
In fact , there were a few , not only one .
Some of my posts were translated in Dutch , Italian and even Myanmar .
Thanks everyone , I ’m happy you found value in what I do .
99 . Had My First Akashic Reading
That was a total first for me and a mind blowing experience .
I ’m not a stranger to the esoteric realm , but this one was all new .
Will do it again next year .
100 . Lived My Life Like A Holiday
In the most accurate sense .
Work was the same thing as holiday for me during this year .
Probably the most empowering thing I did in 2009 .
***
That was a slice of my life .
Feel free to write yours , you ’ll be surprised how many wonderful things you did .
You can buy a complete PDF version of this book for 14 Euros using the PayPal link below .
After the payment process click the link to be redirected back to the download area of this website .
Do n’t forget to bookmark the download page , if you want to download the latest builds of the PDF book in the future .
By buying the PDF version you support our hard work on the book .
This is Nancy Elliott .
She is a Republican state representative in New Hampshire .
And on Tuesday , she spoke to colleagues on the Judiciary Committee about HB 1590 , a GOP - led effort to repeal the state ’s gay marriage law .
In voicing her support for the bill , she decided to describe what happens when two men lay down in bed together .
She questions its normalcy and ultimately decides anal sex — “ taking the penis of one man and putting in the rectum … and wiggling it around in excrement ” — is not for her .
“ Would I allow that to be done to me ? …
Is that normal ?
Is that something we want to portray as the same as the one flesh union between a man and a woman ?
I do n’t know . ”
Of course what Rep. Elliott misses is that marriage is not about fucking .
Nor does the state have the right to legislate what goes on behind closed doors .
Lawrence v. Texas , anyone ?
And here lies the ultimate obstacle in securing equality legislation : People are scared of the type of sex gays have .
Mostly , gay men .
Elliott , predictably , worries about the children .
She does n’t want kids — fifth graders !
— learning about how two men can enjoy each other ’s bodies .
We share that concern ; we do n’t necessarily want young kids , in public schools , exposed to the ins and outs of intercourse , whether it ’s between two men or two women or a man and a woman .
( When it ’s time to teach sex ed , however , we ’re complete supporters of incorporating same - sex sex in those lessons . )
But teaching school children about different types of families is not the same thing .
Kids ’ history textbooks are filled with historical references to married heterosexual couples and heterosexual relationships ; even their math workbooks will include examples of mommies and daddies .
That gay marriage was legalized in New Hampshire is not reason to be scared ; it ’s reason to embrace a new frontier of civil rights that today ’s children — the ones in school right this second — can be the first generation to truly learn about .
That ’s remarkable .
The disgusting argument from Elliott — who enjoys a heterosexual marriage with her husband Glen — is not .
( Elliott ’s publicly available contact information , including her home address , is here . )
Precious few Americans can recall a time not consumed by crisis , whether the Great Depression , World War II , the cold war , oil and financial shocks , or – now – terrorism and global warming .
In the modern 24/7 media age , we also ingest a steady diet of lesser emergencies du jour .
Most of us grew up with the concept of “ The Button ” – the fear that our president may be obliged to push it at any moment , in the time it takes to swat a fly , which would destroy our enemies – and very likely ourselves , as well .
In such a relentlessly scary world , it was inevitable that the powers of the US presidency would grow .
After all , how many fingers can fit on the top of a button – surely not 535 ?
In his latest book , Bomb Power , Garry Wills argues persuasively that this concentration of power , and the concomitant expansion and secrecy of our national security state , began with the development of the atom and hydrogen bombs , and found its apogee during the administration of George W. Bush and Dick Cheney .
Our empire , Wills writes , is unlike previous historical examples and has been shaped by the exigencies of the atom and hydrogen bombs , which were deemed crucial to keeping the Soviet Union at bay : “ America ... needed secure places and ships carrying nuclear weapons , and secure regimes providing storage facilities and launching pads for our missiles . ”
The idea of war by presidential fiat – which seemed to make sense in a nuclear age – soon would be applied to conventional conflicts and even third - world dust- ups , as well as to tangential areas of government authority .
In advancing the power of their office , presidents kept secrets from Congress ( even from their own cabinets ) , created off - the - books budgets for covert operations that included assassinations of foreign leaders , and usurped congressional power where they could .
For example , presidents increasingly have taken to approving bills passed by Congress with accompanying “ signing statements ” that express the executive ’s views on , or objections to all or parts of the new law , with the clear implication that he may not enforce it rigorously , or will do so only as he sees fit .
George W. Bush holds the record , of course , objecting to 1,400 sections of bills he signed .
Nowadays the executive wants to have the last word .
The Bush - Cheney administration broke new ground when it created military tribunals outside the existing court systems to try enemy combatants .
In addition to bestowing the power to declare war on the Congress , the US Constitution gives the legislative branch the authority to establish and manage courts , Wills points out .
One wonders :
Where are the strict constructionists when we need them ?
In times of unending crisis , it is the president , not the nattering House and Senate , who steps into the breach and decides whether , for example , the nation should honor its commitment to the Geneva Convention , which Alberto Gonzales , attorney general under George W. Bush , termed “ quaint ” and “ obsolete ” when it came to the treatment of prisoners of war .
What Bush had wrought by 2008 , according to Wills , began with the Manhattan Project , which Franklin D. Roosevelt set in motion in 1939 .
The atomic bomb was pursued under the assumptions that Germany was madly working on it , too ( its less ambitious program began to peter out in 1942 ) and that it would be dropped in Europe .
But the Nazis were defeated months before the bomb was ready .
The Manhattan Project entailed unprecedented secrecy and was conducted way off the books .
Vice President Harry Truman , the man who would order the bomb to be used on Japan , only learned of its existence upon Roosevelt ’s death .
Presidents ever since , Wills maintains , have reasoned that what was good for making the bomb could be applied to other endeavors , like the Central Intelligence Agency and its covert activities .
The author cites an accounting by a New York Times reporter that America has overthrown 114 governments in the past 100 years , among them Iran and Guatemala ( Eisenhower ) , South Vietnam ( Kennedy ) , Grenada ( Reagan ) , Panama and Haiti ( George H.W. Bush ) , and Iraq and Afghanistan ( George W. Bush ) .
The book also documents the way that secrecy required for legitimate national security purposes can metastasize to cover up governmental incompetence or malfeasance .
President Nixon kept Americans in the dark about his secret bombing of Cambodia for political , rather than military , reasons ; the Cambodians knew all about it the minute the first one exploded .
And what Americans do n’t know can hurt them , according to Wills , who argues that President Kennedy was so obsessed with bumping off Fidel Castro after the Bay of Pigs fiasco that secret , bungled assassination attempts induced the Cuban leader to seek missiles from the Soviets to deter America .
Wills goes so far as to assert that the Cuban Missile Crisis , and our brush with thermonuclear war , was all Kennedy ’s fault .
While his book sometimes seems like a never - ending op - ed piece , Wills knows how to marshal his arguments , usually grounding them in the factual record .
The reader also learns delectable tidbits of historical information throughout .
For example , by the mid-1950s the United States had already built more bombs than it could ever use , the equivalent in destructive power of 192,000 Hiroshimas .
Among other side effects , the effort consumed 6.2 percent of the nation ’s electrical power .
David Holahan is a freelance writer based in East Haddam , Conn .
( Originally posted on the ACLU of Northern California 's Bytes and Pieces blog . )
Today , Google and the authors and publishers who sued Google are hoping that United States District Court Judge Denny Chin will approve their settlement and allow Google to launch the world 's largest digital library and bookstore combined .
While the ACLU strongly supports increased access to books , we have filed an objection to this settlement on behalf of a coalition of authors and publishers — including best sellers Michael Chabon and Jonathan Lethem and publisher Lawrence Ferlenghetti — who have serious concerns that reader privacy and free speech is being left out of the story .
They think that a settlement that does not protect the privacy and free speech of readers is not fair to their readers , or fair to them .
That 's why we 're in federal court in New York today , along with the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Samuelson Law , Technology , and Public Policy Clinic at the University of California , Berkeley , School of Law , urging Judge Chin to reject the settlement and insist on one with greater privacy and free speech protections for users .
In particular , the agreement lacks protections against government and third party disclosure of reader records and the mechanisms for user transparency that are crucial to maintaining the ability to read without fear of reprisal .
Google has not promised to protect reader records by responding only to properly issued warrants from law enforcement and court orders from third parties .
Google has also refused to promise to provide readers with access to what information is being collected and maintained about them and detail when and why reader information is being disclosed .
Google has refused to make public even general numbers related to government requests for information .
What you choose to read says a lot about who you are , what you value , and what you believe .
That 's why you should be able to learn about anything from politics to health without worrying that someone is looking over your shoulder .
The ACLU has fought alongside libraries and book stores time and again to defend the privacy rights of readers .
Now we are doing what we can today to help protect reader privacy rights in the digital era .
Under its current design , Google Book Search can monitor the books you browse , the pages you read , and even the notes you take in the " margins . "
Without strong privacy protections , all of your browsing and reading history could be collected , analyzed , and turned over to the government or third parties without your knowledge or consent .
In a January 2009 New York Times article , a senior member of Google Book Search 's engineering team illustrated just the kind of detailed information that the company can track .
He admitted that he " was monitoring search queries recently when one … caught his attention . "
The engineer could easily tell that the reader spent four hours perusing 350 pages of an obscure 1910 book .
Concerns about maintaining the privacy of reading records are not hypothetical .
Time and again , the government and third parties have tried to collect and use evidence of reading habits in order to identify individuals with unpopular thoughts and beliefs .
During the McCarthy hearings , Americans were questioned on whether they had read Marx and Lenin , and even whether their friends had books about Stalin on their bookshelves .
History repeated itself , when following 9/11 , the FBI targeted libraries , demanding information on patrons .
It is estimated that by December 2001 , 85 libraries had been approached by the FBI , and more than 200 libraries were targeted between 2001 and 2005 .
Digital book records have also already been targeted ( PDF ) .
For example , in 2007 , Amazon fought a law enforcement subpoena originally requesting the identities of 24,000 Amazon.com book buyers .
Given the long and troubling history ( PDF ) of government efforts to compel libraries and booksellers to turn over records about readers , it is essential that digital book services like Google Book Search incorporate strong privacy protections .
Without strong reader privacy protections , these services can easily become a one - stop shop for government and third party fishing expeditions into the personal details of your life .
Nothing in the settlement provides any real protection against such requests for Google Books ' users .
Google 's privacy policy does not resolve this concern either .
See our blog post here and Statement to the House Judiciary Committee here ( PDF ) .
Nor do Google 's statements to the Federal Trade Commission here ( PDF ) .
Says Michael Chabon : " If there is no privacy of thought — which includes implicitly the right to read what one wants , without the approval , consent or knowledge of others — then there is no privacy , period . "
For more information on Google Books and to take action by contacting Google and demanding robust privacy protections , visit www.aclunc.org/googlebooks.
Trumpets playing , bloody moons , seas of fire , cats cohabiting with dogs , and Windows 7 running on the Apple iPad right on the day it launches .
That 's how the Universe ends , my dearly beloved , and you can blame Citrix for it :
It turns out the 9.7 inch display on the iPad with a 1024x768 screen resolution works great for a full VDI XenDesktop .
Windows applications run unmodified and securely in the data center , and even multiple applications at once .
The iPhone restrictions of screen size and small keyboards are overcome with the iPad .
The iPad looks to be an ideal end - point device that can empower users to be productive wherever they are and IT will be able to safely deliver company - hosted virtual desktops and apps without worry .
Advertisement
Those are the wet words of Chris Fleck , the vicepresident of virtualization and remote software company Citrix .
And what you are seeing above is Windows 7 running on the iPad SDK simulator , thanks to Citrix Receiver and XenDesktop 4 — running meaning that it 's executed on a server and remotely displayed on the iPad at full resolution .
Fleck sounds excited on his blog , and points out that the software will be ready for the launch of Apple 's JesusTablet .
Personally , I can't wait for other remote desktop applications to be adapted for the iPad full resolution .
[ Citrix via PC World ]
Even legendary directors like Alfred Hitchcock do n't always get their way .
Over the course of his illustrious career , Hitchcock had to abandon quite a few projects due to budgetary concerns , issues with stars , the whims of studio heads or , in some cases , his own instincts that the film was n't going to turn out the way he had envisioned it .
On what would have been The Master of Suspense 's 117th birthday , let 's take a look at a few of the legendary auteur 's unproduced projects , including the one that studio execs hated so much , they made Hitch sign a contract promising he would n't make it .
1. NUMBER 13
This silent 1922 feature for Gainsborough Pictures was set to be Hitchcock 's directorial debut .
The film was to star Clare Greet and Ernest Thesiger in a script written by " a woman working at the studio who had worked with ( Charlie ) Chaplin . " 
Hitchcock only filmed a few scenes before the budget fell through , and the script is now lost .
The film of the few completed scenes is also lost , possibly because the studio melted it down to recycle the film 's silver nitrate .
Do n't worry too much about missing out on this one , though ; Hitchcock later admitted , " It was n't very good , really . " 
2. NO BAIL FOR THE JUDGE
Hitchcock spent the early part of 1959 preparing to adapt Henry Cecil 's novel of the same name into a film starring Audrey Hepburn .
On May 19th of that year , though , Hepburn dropped out of the project , with some sources saying she was reluctant to do a film so soon after delivering a child , and others claiming she refused the part when she found out her character was involved in a rape scene .
The project died when Hepburn backed out , and although Hitchcock was privately livid , he regrouped nicely by making Psycho instead .
3. THE BLIND MAN
In 1960 Hitchcock and legendary screenwriter Ernest Lehman began to work on a script called The Blind Man about a blind pianist who regains his sight after receiving an eye transplant from a murder victim .
Hitchcock envisioned Jimmy Stewart in the lead role , and one of the film 's main scenes was to be set in Disneyland .
That 's where the trouble started ; Walt Disney had seen Psycho and truly hated it .
Disney reportedly would n't let Hitchcock shoot in his park , so the project died .
4. HAMLET
In the late 1940s , Hitchcock hit on an odd idea :
He wanted to produce a modernized version of Hamlet set in England with Cary Grant in the title role .
According to Hitchcock , the project " would be presented as a psychological melodrama . " 
The idea hit the rocks after Hitchcock 's studio , Transatlantic , announced the project and a professor who had written a modernized version of Shakespeare 's tale threatened a lawsuit .
5. FLAMINGO FEATHER
In 1956 , Hitchcock bought a story called Flamingo Feather from South African author and diplomat Laurens van der Post .
The plot involved a Russian scheme to train South Africans for nefarious Communist purposes .
When Hitchcock went to South Africa to scout shooting locations , though , the project quickly fell apart .
The director wanted Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly as the leads , which would be pricey , and he felt he needed 50,000 African extras .
Hitchcock did n't love the look of the country 's terrain , and it became apparent that even in South Africa it would be tough to get together 50,000 extras when most of the country 's population worked long hours at farming jobs .
Hitchcock later said , " It was all so confusing that I dropped the whole idea . " 
6. MARY ROSE
Toward the end of his career , Hitchcock frequently mentioned an unproduced 1964 film called Mary Rose whenever he was asked about his professional regrets .
In Hitchcock 's amazing book - length interview with François Truffaut , he describes the project as " a little like a science fiction story "  and details the plot , which involves a woman who hears celestial voices and mysteriously vanishes at odd intervals .
Hitchcock put a lot of thought into this project — he even explained to Truffaut exactly how he would light certain scenes and tried to talk the French director into making the film — but the ghostly supernatural elements of the film were a non-starter for studio execs .
Hitchcock revealed in another late - career interview , " Do you know , it 's written specifically into my present contract that I cannot do Mary Rose ? " 
Hitch could allegedly make any film he wanted as long as he kept the budget under $ 3 million — and did n't make Mary Rose .
7. R.R.R.R .
In 1965 , Hitchcock hired the Italian writing duo Age and Scarpelli — perhaps best known in America for their screenplay for The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly — to pen a script about an Italian immigrant to America who rises in the hotel world , then sends for his Sicilian family .
Unbeknownst to the hotelier , his relatives are a pack of thieves .
Eventually the sticky - fingered family tries to swipe a valuable coin collection from the hotel ; the title comes from numismatic jargon .
Hitchcock told Truffaut , " I dropped the project because it seemed to be shapeless .
Aside from that , you know that Italians are very slipshod in matters of story construction .
They just ramble on . " 
8. THE THREE HOSTAGES
The Three Hostages is another of the unsuccessful projects at which Hitchcock took a crack after making Marnie .
The film was an adaptation of John Buchan 's 1924 novel of the same name in which a government plans to crack down on a criminal gang on a certain date .
The gang catches wind of the plan and kidnaps three children to regain some leverage against the government .
Hitchcock announced the project , but he ended up eventually abandoning it over difficulties in obtaining the screen rights and concerns over the script 's reliance on hypnotism as a plot device .
He later said , " I feel you can not put hypnotism on the screen and expect it to hold water .
It is a condition too remote from the audience 's own experiences . " 
9. KALEIDOSCOPE /FRENZY
In 1969 , Hitchcock planned to make a triumphant comeback after a string of films that received middling commercial and critical reactions by making Kaleidoscope ( also referred to as Frenzy ) , a grisly tale of a serial rapist and murderer .
The film was set to feature a handsome young killer who lured women to their death ; Hitchcock considered it a prequel to his 1943 tour de force Shadow of a Doubt .
The script included some elements — including necrophilia and the use of acid baths to dispose of bodies — that Hitchcock had pulled from newspaper reports about notorious British criminals .
Hitchcock actually shot an hour or so of silent test footage , but Universal nixed the film as it did n't think audiences would warm to a sex - and murder - filled flick that featured a serial killer as its protagonist .
Hitchcock was irritated about having to abandon the project , but he revived a few plot points and one of the working titles when he made 1972's Frenzy , a serial killer tale that may have been the director 's last great film in spite of a decidedly mediocre cast .
10 . THE SHORT NIGHT
Hitchcock 's final project before his death in 1980 was The Short Night , an espionage picture based on a Ronald Kirkbride novel and set in Finland .
Hitchcock made it as far as considering Walter Matthau , Clint Eastwood , Sean Connery , Catherine Deneuve , and Liv Ullmann for the lead roles , but Universal squashed the project in 1979 due to the director 's failing health .
11 . GREENMANTLE
Hitchcock had such great luck with his adaptation of John Buchan 's novel The Thirty - Nine Steps that when it came time to direct a follow - up , he decided to go back to the well with an adaptation of Buchan 's novel Greenmantle .
Hitchcock wanted to pair Cary Grant and Ingrid Bergman in the lead roles , but Buchan 's estate wanted too much money for the screen rights .
Hitchcock eventually realized his dream pairing of Grant and Bergman with the 1946 classic Notorious .
12 . THE BRAMBLE BUSH
Hitchcock spent part of 1951 adapting David Duncan 's novel into a screenplay .
The story involved a Communist agitator on the run from the authorities who steals another man 's passport , only to learn that the man is wanted for murder .
Hitchcock eventually decided " it was n't any good , "  and he abandoned the idea to work on a project to which Warner Bros . had just purchased the rights : the Broadway hit Dial M for Murder .
13 . THE WRECK OF THE MARY DEARE
Hitchcock always wanted to do a movie with Gary Cooper .
He offered Cooper the lead role in Foreign Correspondent only to have the star turn it down because it was a thriller ; Joel McCrea ended up memorably playing the part instead .
In 1959 , though , Hitchcock had another shot when MGM optioned the rights to the novel The Wreck of the Mary Deare for a Hitchcock - Cooper collaboration .
Hitchcock and Ernest Lehman spent weeks working on the script , but they eventually decided that the story really became a snooze of a courtroom drama and shifted their focus to the early planning for North by Northwest instead .
ASUS CEO Jonney
Shih has been speaking on the subject of the now finalized Pegatron spin - off and delivered a couple of teasing tidbits of info about the company 's future direction .
Naturally , most interest will be piqued by the " killer product " he has said is coming in June , but Jonney also mentions his company 's intent to be " another Apple " -- only with a focus on open source -- and he specifically points out ARM and Google as a preferred hardware / software combination , while obviously not ruling out Wintel offerings where the market demands it .
Taken as a whole , his words mesh perfectly with what we 've heard of the Eee Pad so far , namely that it 'll be powered by NVIDIA 's Tegra 2 ( which utilizes ARM CPUs ) , probably run Android , and arrive in early June .
We still do n't know whether that sub -$ 500 price will hold , but it 's good to put a bit of CEO - level meat on those rumor bones anyway .
Images from the LRO Camera taken at slightly different angles were used to make 3D measurements of the Apollo 14 landing site , pictured here .
The light blue lines depict Astronaut footpaths .
The " 1 x for DTM , 8 x for objects " label in the image means that the 3D models have been increased eight times their actual scale size so they are easier to see .
Credit : NASA / Goddard / Arizona State University / The Ohio State University
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Can we measure the size and shape of equipment and other objects on the moon using orbital images from the current Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter mission ?
As an example , to demonstrate the precise 3D measurement capability of the LROC instrument 's stereo imagery , three objects and the astronauts ' footpaths at the Apollo 14 landing site are measured and their 3D models reconstructed .
Using two high - resolution images taken from two separate LRO orbits ( 1,943 and 1,596 ) by one of LROC 's cameras , we can form a stereo image pair for 3D measurements at the Apollo 14 landing site .
Thanks to the high image resolution of the LROC NAC cameras , among the visible objects are the descent stage of the Apollo 14 lunar module Antares , the ALSEP ( Apollo Lunar Surface Experiments Package , and a formation nicknamed " Turtle Rock " .
" Turtle Rock " ( Image credit : NASA )
Also visible are multiple astronaut footpaths , clearly indicated by disturbed soils .
Data processing methods can be used to identify the objects , as well as measure their sizes and shapes .
Such information can then be used to reconstruct 3D models , which are displayed on the digital terrain model ( DTM ) of the site that is automatically generated from the same data set .
The above image also shows Cone Crater at the northeast end of the astronaut traverse .
Closer view of the Apollo 14 landing site .
The " 1 x for DTM , 2 x for objects " label in the image means that the 3D models have been increased twice their actual scale size so they are easier to see .
Credit : NASA / Goddard / Arizona State University / The Ohio State University
In the zoomed image below , the lunar module can be identified by its deck ( red points ) and distinctive shadow ( green lines ) .
These points are measured in the two stereo images and their corresponding 3D ground coordinates are computed .
Note that the shadow analysis uses different times and sun angles of the two images for computation .
In addition , the nearby terrain is measured at the selected points on the ground ( green points ) as a reference .
From these measurements , we can compute the height and diameter of the lunar module .
As the result , the height of the lunar module ( descent stage ) is estimated as 3.0 meters ( about 9.8 feet ) , compared to the design specification of 3.2 meters ( about 10.5 feet ) .
On the other hand , the shadow analysis resulted in a height of the lunar module of 3.2 meters ( about 10.5 feet ) .
The diameter of the lunar module is computed as 4.4 meters ( about 14.4 feet ) , compared to the design data of 4.2 meters ( 13.7 feet ) .
Left image credit : NASA / Goddard / Arizona State University / The Ohio State University .
Right image credit : The Ohio State University
ALSEP and Turtle Rock are relatively short objects .
The LROC NAC image resolution and the imaging geometry is not able to measure a height less than 1 meter ( about 3 feet , 4 inches ) .
However , we can measure their horizontal dimensions : 2 meters by 1 meter ( about 6.6 by 3.3 feet ) for ALSEP ( yellow points , below left ) , and 1.5 meters by 1 meter ( about 4.9 feet by 3.3 feet ) for Turtle Rock ( green points , below right ) .
Credit : NASA / Goddard / Arizona State University / The Ohio State University
Explore further LROC 's first look at the Apollo landing sites
Do You Qualify for These 4 New Tax Breaks ?
Everyone wants to try and get the best deal they can when it comes to taxes .
You ’ve probably heard plenty about the home buyer tax credit , but unless you are a first time home buyer , or have n’t bought a home in several years , you do n’t qualify .
Additionally , there are different income eligibility requirements , depending on when you bought your home in 2009 .
With all these requirements , chances are good that you ca n’t take advantage of this one .
Do n’t be discouraged though , because there are other new tax breaks available for the 2009 tax year .
They may even help you get an unexpected tax refund , so let ’s get on with these four tax breaks that you might have more luck with :
American Opportunity Credit :
This tax credit is available to parents and students who pay at least $ 4,000 in qualified education costs during 2009 .
Right now , the Hope Credit and the Lifetime Learning Credit phase out rather early .
The American Opportunity Credit , though , begins to phase out at $ 80,000 for individuals ( disappearing at $ 90,000 ) and at $ 160,000 for married filing jointly ( does n’t disappear until $ 180,000 ) .
If you or a dependent are an undergraduate ( sorry , no grad students ) going to college , you can take advantage of this credit , which maxes out at $ 2,500 .
Purchase of a New Vehicle :
If you bought a new car between February 16 , 2009 and December 31 , 2009 , you could be eligible to deduct the state or local sales / excise tax that you paid on the car .
The amount you can deduct maxes out at $ 49,500 of the purchase price , but qualifying vehicles ( light truck , motor home and motorcycle in addition to a car ) are unlimited .
You can get a full deduction if you make less than $ 125,000 as a single , or $ 250,000 when married filing jointly , then the deduction phases out .
You do n’t even have to itemize in order to take this deduction if you file a Schedule L. However , if you do want to itemize , you can enter the deduction on line 5 or line 7 on the Schedule A. Home Energy Credits :
You have access to tax credits if you made efforts to increase the energy efficiency of your home in 2009 .
There are no income limits on these , and there are two expanded credits .
The first offers 30 % of the cost of certain home improvements , up to $ 1,500 .
These home improvements include high - efficiency home heating and cooling , energy - efficiency windows and / or doors , and insulation .
The second tax credit offers 30 % of the cost plus installation of solar systems , wind turbines and geothermal heat pumps .
There is no cap on the credit amount on this version of the tax credit either .
Unemployment Benefits :
It may not seem fair , but unemployment benefits are taxed as income .
However , if you received unemployment benefits in 2009 , the first $ 2,400 can be excluded .
It may not seem like much , but it does lower your taxable income .
( Every little bit helps right ? )
Before you file your tax return , make sure that you understand your options , and that you are aware of what is available for you .
The U.S. tax code is complicated , and there are a number of credits and deductions that you can take .
Make sure to double check the new tax breaks , and determine whether or not you are eligible for them .
If in doubt , you can always consult a tax professional .
It may cost you a bit of money , but missing a tax credit can easily cost you more .
Bill Maher from his comedy special ... But I 'm Not Wrong on the Tea Bag protesters longing for the return of the 1950s in America when they say " they want their country back " .
As Bill points out those times were n't so great if you were anything besides male and white .
Real Time returns on Feb. 19 , 2010 .
I was n't wild about the one on one interview segments for the most part and hope he drops that in the upcoming season .
It would also be nice to see some fresh faces on there instead of the same guests he 's had on before .
I 've got a list of people I 'd love to see on his show starting with any of our crew here at C&L that are willing to come on the television and represent the liberal / progressive on line community .
Sam Seder is another one , and I could go on from there .
If you 've got your own suggestions I 'd love to hear what they are in the comments section .
( Warning not safe for work . )
Punished for Love Man Indicted for Breaking Into Prison
Prison walls were no obstacle for a man in western Germany who was being separated from his love .
But breaking into her cell every night turned out to be a very bad decision .
Eleven papers from an international team are published in a special issue of the journal Science tomorrow .
They describe the anatomy of the newly discovered species and its habitat and discuss the implications for human evolution .
One of the take - home messages is that , like humans , living great apes have evolved considerably since we parted company with them more than 6 m years ago
Photograph : T. White / Science
Invulnerable zombies : the Efficient Markets Hypothesis
Discussion on my last post on reanimated zombie ideas in economics touched on a lot of the themes I want to talk about in this one , about the efficient markets hypothesis and why this undead monster can never be laid to rest .
( Warning : favorable references to Popper ahead ! ) .
ZombiesWalkEMH
The ultimate zombie is one that is completely invulnerable .
Neither special bullets nor hammer blows nor even decapitation can finally lay this undead being to rest .
But dramatic logic requires that a zombie invulnerable to external threats must be subject to a subtle , but ultimately terminal , flaw that ends in its own destruction .
Ultimate zombies arise quite commonly in science and economics in the form of ideas that are immune from refutation .
The classic examples arise from the popularised versions of Freudian psychology , centred on the Oedipus complex , named for the Greek tragic hero who unknowingly killed his father and married his mother .
If a son hates his father , this is , obviously , evidence of the Oedipus complex .
But , if he loves his father , this is explained as a repressed Oedipus complex .
With rules like this , Freudian psychology can never be refuted .
But as a string of philosophers of science , being with the late Karl Popper , have shown , a theory that ca n’t be refuted by any conceivable evidence is n’t really a theory at all .
All it says , in the end , is ‘ anything can happen , and probably will ’ .
The global financial crisis , along with the earlier dotcom crisis has shown that , on any ordinary understanding of its terms , the efficient markets hypothesis ca n’t be right .
Despite reaching a scale and sophistication unparalleled in history , global financial markets have shown themselves subject to the same manias , bubbles and busts that were seen in the Dutch tulip craze of the 17th century .
So supporters of the efficient markets hypothesis have sought a redefinition that would make it invulnerable to refutation .
Their central argument is one that has already been discussed – if it is possible to diagnose the existence of a bubble , then it is possible to make arbitrarily large profits betting against it .
And if someone like Warren Buffett has in fact done this , that can be put down to luck .
Only if everybody can make money betting against the market can the EMH be wrong .
But of course , it ’s impossible for everyone to bet against the market – the market is just the aggregate of bets .
This argument in one form or another has been put forward by all the leading defenders of the EMH , notably including Eugene Fama and John Cochrane of Chicago and Scott Sumner of Bentley University
This set of observations from Scott Sumner in a blog post aptly titled ‘ Defending the indefensible ’ at least recognises the difficulties of the position
But why is Fama ’s theory now in such disrepute ?
Because in the past ten years the world economy has seen two very important bubble - like patterns , indeed arguably the only two such market cycles in the US during my lifetime with macro significance .
And they were both predicted by lots of experts because they violated popular theories of fundamentals .
So start with the cognitive illusion that people have that makes them see bubbles even where there do n’t exist .
People think they have made accurate predictions because an upswing is always EVENTUALLY followed by a downturn .
Then add in the fact that The Economist really did make accurate predictions in two of the most important events in modern history .
Do you think it will be possible to convince them that they just got lucky ?
About as likely as a husband convincing an already suspicious wife that he is innocent after twice being caught in bed with two separate women .
So I feel sorry for Fama .
He ’s probably right , but I do n’t see how he could ever convince anyone in this environment .
It would be like trying to convince someone that neoliberalism was the right policy in 1933 .
As a well known blogger would say , ‘ Indeed ’ .
Looking at the evidence of the two gigantic bubbles of the last decade , it ’s hard to see how Sumner maintains his own faith , and he never really gives an explanation , except to say that it ’s easy to misperceive bubbles .
As far as macroeconomics is concerned , the experience of the Great Depression and of the current Global Financial Crisis ( which as Sumner implies , really began with the 2001 recessions ) is pretty strong evidence that neoliberalism is not the right policy , at least not for all occasions and not in the forms that prevailed in the 1920s or the 1990s .
But the ultimate response to this invulnerable zombie must be the same as Popper on Freudian psychology .
If the Great Depression , the dotcom boom and bust and the current Global Financial Crisis are all consistent with the efficient markets hypothesis , the hypothesis can’t tell us much of interest about anything .
At most , it says that even when markets are way out of line with economic reality , it is hard to exploit this fact to make a profit .
Most of us ( me and Krugman at any rate ) already knew that , and confined ourselves to getting out of stocks when they seemed absurdly overvalued .
Building Reliable Voting Machine Software
This is my dissertation .
The first three chapters provide a good introduction to the issues surrounding voting security and verification .
If the first three chapters are interesting enough that you want to find out what happens next , you can download and read the whole dissertation .
Pvote : Prerendered User Interfaces for Voting
How can electronic voting machines be made more reliable and verifiable ?
This project proposes publishing the electronic ballot design before election day , so it can be checked for correctness , usability , and accessibility , and the voting machine software can be simpler and more secure .
See the project website , pvote.org , for information , documents , and the Pvote prototype software , which implements a voting machine with a synchronized video and audio interface in less than 500 lines of Python ( using Pygame ) .
California Top -to- Bottom Review
In the summer of 2007 , Debra Bowen , the California Secretary of State , commissioned a comprehensive study of the voting machines certified for use in California .
The study included source code analysis , red - team security testing , accessibility testing , and documentation reviews .
I participated in the study as a reviewer , which gave me the rare opportunity to examine the source code of a commercial electronic voting machine .
My team reviewed the voting system software by Sequoia , and produced a public report on our discoveries .
See the page on the Voting Systems Review for a complete list of reports .
Voting Security Requirements
To be able to claim that a voting system is secure , first one has to be clear about exactly what " secure " means .
So , to support my hope of eventually making supportable security claims about a voting machine design based on prerendered user interfaces , this list breaks down high - level desiderata into progressively more specific requirements :
Voting Simulation Visualizations
If the voters rank the candidates or vote for multiple candidates instead of voting for just one , can you get better results ?
There are a variety of possible ways to count up the votes and decide the winner of an election , such as Plurality , Approval , Borda , Hare ( also known as IRV ) , or Condorcet .
The relative merits of these methods are frequently debated , but are seldom compared by simulating how they would behave across a wide range of situations .
These election simulations provide a new visualization that may offer some insight into the behaviour of these election methods , uncovers surprising effects of instant - runoff voting , and demonstrates a strong similarity between approval and Condorcet voting .
See the source code used to produce these visualizations ( votesim ) .
Election Methods in Pictures
This interactive visualization illustrates the behaviour of Plurality , Approval , Borda , Hare , and Condorcet elections in one dimension .
See the source code used to produce this Flash visualization ( voteline ) .
A gradual decrease in summer fog along the California coast over the past century may be endangering the region 's giant redwoods and affecting the ecology of the area surrounding the trees , according to a study by UC Berkeley scientists .
" The redwoods along our coast are highly dependent on fog as a source of water during the summer when water in the ground is scarce , " Todd E. Dawson , one of the study 's two authors , said in an interview .
" Foggy nights are needed to rehydrate the trees that can't tolerate long droughts . "
Mature redwoods are unlikely to die if the decrease in fog persists , he said .
But fewer seeds are likely to sprout , take root and grow to maturity .
A report is being published today in the online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Dawson and James A. Johnstone , both of Berkeley 's Department of Environmental Science , Policy and Management , analyzed 110 years of temperature records gathered by 114 weather stations along the Pacific Coast , and studied fog levels recorded hourly since 1951 at eight local airports from Oregon to the Mexican border .
Using that information , Johnstone calculated that early in the 20th century the frequency of summer fog was 33 percent greater than it has been in recent decades - which could be enough to pose a significant threat of drought stress , particularly to younger trees .
Redwoods are dependent on cool , humid summers , and without enough days of fog the heat becomes too intense for growth , Johnstone said .
Fewer foggy days
In one comparison of two years , for example , Johnstone found that in 1951 the summer evenings along the redwood coast were free of fog for only 13 out of 122 days , while in 1997 the summer was completely clear of fog for a total of 62 days .
In the interview , Dawson said he is concerned for the trees , but also for the plants and animals that live beneath their canopy and that form part of their ecology .
" Salamanders , worms and many plants like the giant sword ferns that are abundant in the shaded ground beneath the trees all depend on fog drip for their water , and we 're concerned that if the loss of fog continues they will all be threatened too , " he said .
Dawson and Johnstone are now studying tree ring data from fallen redwoods and using isotopes of carbon and oxygen in the wood to look into the past for evidence of climate conditions that may have affected growth patterns over the past thousand years , Dawson said .
Three species
The coast redwood region forms a belt about 30 miles wide that stretches about 415 miles from the Oregon border to the Big Sur area in Monterey County .
The tallest known tree in the region towers more than 379 feet high , and seedlings can grow at almost a foot a year .
These redwoods - Sequoia sempervirens - are an entirely different species from the giant sequoias of the High Sierra ( Sequoiadendron giganteum ) and the dawn redwoods of China ( Metasequoia glyptostroboides ) .
Habitat destruction
Although some old - growth forests are protected in parks and reserves , heavy logging and urban development has cut the area where they flourish from about 2 million acres in Gold Rush days to little more than 100,000 acres now , according to the Save the Redwoods League , a conservation and advocacy group based in San Francisco .
The organization and the Berkeley Atmospheric Sciences Center funded the research by Johnstone and Dawson .
( CNN ) --
Air travelers already have to deal with unruly passengers , excessively talkative ones and many other types who make flying miserable .
But a new low may just have been reached for weary road warriors :
The overwhelmingly smelly passenger .
A man on Jazz Air , a regional airline in Canada that also serves U.S. cities , was reportedly kicked off a plane earlier this month because of his strong body odor .
" People were just mumbling and staring at him , " said a woman who sat near the man , according to The Guardian , a newspaper in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , where the flight originated on February 6 .
It was a very uncomfortable situation , she added .
Another passenger described the smell as " brutal . "
The man was an American visiting Prince Edward Island , the CBC reported .
Jazz Air spokeswoman Manon Stuart confirmed that a passenger was " deplaned " from the flight , but she could not provide specific information about the person involved or the reason why he was asked to leave because of privacy issues .
" As an airline , the safety and comfort of our passengers and crew are our top priorities .
Therefore , any situation that compromises either their safety or comfort is taken seriously , and in such circumstances , the crew will act in the best interest of the majority of our passengers , " Stuart said .
" It 's important to understand that our crew members make every effort to resolve a situation before it becomes an issue .
Unfortunately , in some circumstances , it may become necessary for our crew to remove passengers . "
The airline , like most air carriers , does n't have a specific policy covering body odor , Stuart said .
Much of Port - au - Prince was reduced to rubble by the quake
The family of a Haitian man says he has survived four weeks under rubble since the devastating earthquake that struck on 12 January .
Doctors said the 28 - year - old man was dehydrated and wasted .
His brother told the BBC someone had given him water during his 27 - day ordeal .
The BBC's Matthew Price spoke to the man 's mother in the capital Port - au - Prince and said she was very emotional .
The man is being treated at a field hospital at the airport .
More than 150,000 people were killed in the earthquake , with 1.5 million left homeless , but it is estimated fewer than 140 people were pulled alive from the rubble in Haiti 's capital .
' Not impossible '
Our correspondent says the man 's mother broke down while discussing her son's apparent rescue and said she had not seen him since the quake .
He was quite dehydrated and wasted , so there are certain things that suggest it 's true
Dr Dushyantha Jayaweera
Haiti quake : Survivors ' stories
The man is thought to have been pulled out from under the rubble of a building in Port - au - Prince on Monday .
Doctors said he was dehydrated and malnourished , and that his condition suggested he had been trapped for a long time .
Dr Dushyantha Jayaweera , of the University of Miami field hospital , told Reuters TV : " It is unusual but not impossible .
" He was quite dehydrated and he was wasted , so there are certain things that suggest that it 's true . "
Dr Jayaweera described the man 's condition as " reasonable " .
" He 's still sick , he cannot talk to anybody , but we are very optimistic with the condition of the patient . "
Meanwhile , a judge began quizzing Americans accused of child snatching Meanwhile , a Haitian judge has begun questioning 10 American missionaries accused of trying to take out of the country 33 children they claimed were orphaned by the quake .
Many of the children were later found to have parents .
The group 's lawyer , Aviol Fleurant , said after proceedings on Monday : " Many of the parents who had the opportunity to speak out declared , in good faith , to have given their children to the Americans . "
He also said that the Americans - who are mostly from the state of Idaho - had had the necessary documentation to take the children from the country .
Five of them have spoken to the judge , and the rest are expected to appear at a hearing later this week .
The leader of the group , Laura Silsby , was confident they would all be freed .
" I am trusting God to reveal all truth , and that we will be released and exonerated of charges , " she said .
The case has raised fears in Haiti that traffickers would take advantage of the quake chaos to abduct children .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Workers should be able to stay in their jobs beyond the age of 65 , and employers should be incentivised to allow older employees to work flexibly , the UK 's equality watchdog said today .
The Equality and Human Rights Commission ( EHRC ) said the ageing population and an increased willingness to work among older people meant it was time for the government to scrap the default retirement age , a law which allows firms to force staff to finish work at 65 .
It said scrapping the rule would remove the " safety net " for employers and encourage more radical approaches to issues such as flexibility , handling the performance of workers of all ages , and improving occupational health .
Hand - in - hand with this change , EHRC said , the government should extend the right to request flexible working to all employees and consider introducing incentives for flexible employers , with a particular emphasis on the over - 50s .
The commission said the economy " would be the biggest winner " from the proposed changes , with research from the National Institute of Economic and Social Research suggesting that extending working lives by 18 months would earn Britain £ 15bn .
The government is currently looking into changes to the rule , and has indicated it could eventually scrap it entirely .
A survey of 1,500 workers by the commission suggests a rule change would be welcomed by many workers .
It found that 64 % of women and 24 % of men wanted to remain economically active after the state pension age ( currently 65 for men and rising to 65 for women by 2020 ) .
Around 60 % said they wanted to continue working but on a part - time basis , while 40 % said they would like to stay in their current jobs but with greater flexibility in hours worked .
The commission 's deputy chair , Baroness Margaret Prosser , said it was time to move away from systems put in place when people died not long after reaching state pension age .
" Britain has experienced a skills exodus during the recession , and as the economy recovers we face a very real threat of not having enough workers – a problem that is further exacerbated by the skills lost by many older workers being forced to retire at 65 , " she said .
" Keeping older Britons healthy and in the workforce also benefits the economy more broadly by decreasing welfare costs and increasing the spending power of older Britons .
" Our research shows that to provide real opportunity to older workers , abolishing the default retirement age needs to be accompanied by a concerted drive by government , employers and agencies to meet the health , caring and work needs of the over - 50s to enable them to remain in the workplace .
Greater flexibility can help to deliver this . "
A spokesman for the Department for Work and Pensions said the government 's long - term aim was to consign fixed retirement ages to the past .
" We have already committed to bringing forward our review of the default retirement age to this year .
We are taking evidence now from business and individuals on the impact of retirement ages , " he said .
" Our review will reach a decision after full consideration of the evidence on whether the default retirement age is still appropriate . "
From Springerlink : Stable climate and plant domestication linked
New study argues climate change was not responsible for the Agricultural Revolution
Sustainable farming and the introduction of new crops relies on a relatively stable climate , not dramatic conditions attributable to climate change .
Basing their argument on evolutionary , ecological , genetic and agronomic considerations , Dr. Shahal Abbo , from the Levi Eshkol School of Agriculture at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , Israel , and colleagues , demonstrate why climate change is not the likely cause of plant domestication in the Near East .
Rather , the variety of crops in the Near East was chosen to function within the normal east Mediterranean rainfall pattern , in which good rainy years create enough surplus to sustain farming communities during drought years .
In the authors ’ view , climate change is unlikely to induce major cultural changes .
Their thesis is published online in Springer ’s journal Vegetation History and Archaeobotany .
Climate - based explanations for the beginning of new agricultural practices give environmental factors a central role , as prime movers for the cultural - economic change known as the Near Eastern Neolithic or Agricultural Revolution ( about 8500 B.C. , 10500 cal . B.P.* ) .
Dr. Abbo and team studied the traditional farming systems which existed until the early twentieth century in the Near East , looking for insights into the agronomic basis of the early days of Near Eastern farming , and to shed light on the possible role of climatic factors as stimuli for the Agricultural Revolution .
Their detailed analysis demonstrates that climate change could not have been the reason for the emergence of grain farming in the Near East .
They find that farming requires a relatively stable climate to function as a sustainable economy and therefore is not a sustainable option in times of climatic deterioration .
The authors conclude , “ We argue against climate change being at the origin of Near Eastern agriculture and believe that a slow but real climatic change is unlikely to induce revolutionary cultural changes . ”
* calibrated years before the present
Reference
1. Abbo S et al ( 2010 ) .
Yield stability : an agronomic perspective on the origin of Near Eastern Agriculture .
Vegetation History and Archaeobotany ; DOI 10.1007/s00334-009-0233-7
The full - text article is available to journalists as a pdf .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
I ’m proud to be a part of this second one hour long special report done by KUSI - TV and veteran TV meteorologist John Coleman .
John is , in my opinion , the “ Walter Cronkite of television weather ” .
His demeanor , humor , and delivery is reminiscent of that extraordinary television journalist .
I traveled to San Diego last week to tape my segment , and while I was there , I asked a few people I met at the TV station and at a restaurant what they thought about the first special last month .
I was surprised to learn that the positive supporting comments far outnumbered the negative ones .
I also learned that the first special in January gave the station its highest rating ever for a one hour news report , so it is no surprise that they ’d want to repeat that success .
On a personal note , my entire taped presentation is not included here , and was edited for time .
The end part where I refute NCDC did n’t make the final cut , perhaps the producer thought it too technical due to the graph of TOBS , FILNET , and RAW data that I used to show that NCDC ’s claims about a cooling trend in poorly sited station does n’t hold up .
However , KUSI will make all the taped interviews available in their entirety , and I ’ll post links to them when they are available for all to see .
I should note that I do n’t agree with the broad statement made in the video that “ CO2 has no effect ” .
It does , but the magnitude of the direct effect and the feedback effects is disputed .
* The first KUSI program from January , “ Global Warming : The Other Side ” , can be viewed at :
http://www.kusi.com/weather/colemanscorner/81583352.html
Additional footage and unedited full length interviews from that program are available here :
http://www.kusi.com/weather/colemanscorner
Here is all of the latest program , which aired Thursday Feb 18th , at 9 PM PST :
Part one :
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 6
Part 7
Part 8
Part 9
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
One of the most feared men in Hollywood has begun what is believed to be the world 's first legal action over the content of an iPhone application .
Ari Emanuel , a wheeler - dealer so vaunted that his clients include Ben Affleck , Christian Bale , Robert De Niro and Keira Knightley , has seen an iPhone game called Super Agent , noted that its less than morally scrupulous lead character bears his own name , and set the legal hounds on its creator , a small computer programmer from Dublin .
Mr Emanuel , who famously inspired Ari Gold , the foul - mouthed agent of the TV series Entourage , has turned the full force of his lawyers on Oisin Hanrahan , an Irish technology entrepreneur whose start - up firm , Factory Six , developed the iPhone game based on the entertainment industry .
His complaint is simple : Mr Emanuel claims the game , in which players adopt the persona of a highly strung Hollywood " ten-percenter " who happens to be called Ari , was crudely inspired by his own career .
His lawyers are therefore demanding that Factory Six withdraws it .
The dispute has persuaded Apple to halt sales of Super Agent from its store , pending further investigation .
" The game uses the name ' Ari ' for the main character , which clearly is a reference to Mr Emanuel , the co-chief executive officer of WME , one of the world 's premier talent agencies , " reads the original cease - and - desist letter .
" [ It ] clearly intends to capitalise on using Mr Emanuel 's and WME 's names for the game and possibly mislead the public into thinking that Mr Emanuel and / or WME endorse the game – effectively trading off the goodwill , reputation and fame established by our clients . "
Factory
Six denies basing its game on Mr Emanuel , and says that Ari was chosen for its protagonist 's name because the success of the TV series Entourage , which lifts a lid on power - broking in the film industry , has made it synonymous with the profession .
Mr Hanrahan said yesterday : " The name has come to represent Hollywood , and the whole idea of Hollywood , rather than a particular person .
We 're a very small firm , of just three people , and since Apple pulled it we have had no income . "
In 2002 , Mr Emanuel 's previous company made headlines when it was sued for sexual harassment by a female employee called Sandra Epstein , who claimed that daily life there involved pot-smoking , bullying and sexual frolics on desks .
That case was eventually settled on undisclosed terms .
Undeterred , Factory
Six says that it will soon launch an iPhone game based on pretending to be the President of the United States .
By coincidence , the current holder of that job boasts Rahm Emanuel , Ari's brother , as his chief - of - staff .
" I hope he takes it better , " Mr Hanrahan said .
The A - list agent : Past and present clients of Ari Emanuel 's agency
Actors
Ben Affleck , Christian Bale , Robert De Niro , Diane Keaton , Keira Knightley , Edward Norton , Tilda Swinton , Russell Crowe , Denzel Washington , Richard Gere
Film - makers
Francis Ford Coppola , Guillermo del Toro , Spike Lee , Baz Luhrmann , Robert Rodriguez , Martin Scorsese
Comedians
Larry David and Sacha Baron Cohen
Musicians
Click for full size , cut out , and take a picture of yourself .
Post a link here , or upload to Twitter with the #odea hashtag .
More Caricatures Ireland by Allan Cavanagh Posts
Mr Anwar alleges there is a political conspiracy against him
The trial for sodomy of Malaysia 's opposition leader has been further delayed following the judge 's refusal to withdraw from hearing the case .
Anwar Ibrahim 's defence argued Judge Mohamad Zabidin Diah was too biased to give their client a fair trial .
The court briefly heard the judge refuse to stand down , before the case was adjourned for the defence to prepare an appeal against the decision .
The trial of Mr Anwar has been denounced by his supporters as a sham .
" I can not see how a reasonable person will view my conduct as biased , " said the High Court judge .
" I do n't see any reason to recuse myself from this case .
If I do this I will be running away from my duty as a judge , " he said of the demand to step back from the case .
Conspiracy ?
The defence had argued he had displayed bias in allowing earlier proceedings described as in camera to be photographed and reported by the local press .
Mr Anwar says he is only on trial for political reasons , and in an interview with BBC News before the trial , he referred to the allegations as a " nasty conspiracy " .
On Wednesday Malaysia's Court of Appeal dismissed a motion from Mr Anwar that the sodomy charge was part of a political conspiracy against him .
Malaysia 's appeals court ruled that the trial would continue on the grounds that he " had not shown that the charge against him was oppressive and an abuse of court " .
The case , now delayed until 25 March , is being closely watched overseas .
ANWAR : CONTROVERSIAL FIGURE 1993 to 1998 - Deputy Prime Minister , under Prime Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad 1999 - Jailed for abuse of power , sparking huge street protests 2000 - Found guilty of sodomy with his wife 's driver 2004 - Supreme Court overturns the sodomy conviction , freeing him from jail .
He quickly emerges as the de facto opposition leader March 2008 - ruling coalition narrowly wins general election , but with its worst results in 50 years .
The opposition makes unprecedented gains Aug 2008 - Anwar charged with sodomy for a second time , but despite this is soon voted in as an MP Feb 2009 - Second trial for sodomy starts
Profile : Anwar Ibrahim Government supporters had gathered in front of the Australian High Commission in Kuala Lumpur on Wednesday to protest against Australian calls for the trial to be dropped .
A group of 50 Australian MPs had said that observers " find it difficult to believe that a leading opposition voice could be charged with sodomy a second time " and noted the allegations came after Mr Anwar made major gains in 2008 polls .
Homosexual acts are illegal in Malaysia and Mr Anwar faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted .
The charismatic opposition leader - who was deputy prime minister until his sudden sacking in 1998 - served six years after an earlier conviction for sodomy , which was subsequently overturned on appeal .
After his release , he led the opposition to election gains in 2008 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nintendo just had their Q1 2010 Media Summit event in San Francisco ; here is a quick summary of major news items and release dates :
Metriod Other M to release June 27th
New Club Nintendo items : Mario posters , Game and Watch Collection 2 , Ultrahand for wiiware
Dragon Quest IX being published by Nintendo
Monster Hunter 3 free online play for North America .
Demo disc at Gamestop March 8th
Original Prince of Persia SNES remake included in Forgotten Sands
Sin and Punishment : Star Successor to release June 7th .
Trailer here
Ghostwire due out October
Super Mario Galaxy 2 launches May 23rd Trailer here
Cave Story launches March 8th
Nintendo has own e-reader on DS called “ 100 Classic Books ” to releases June 14th
DSi XL coming March 28th for $ 189 in burgundy or bronze pre-loaded with : Brain Age Express : Arts & Letters and Brain Age Express : Math and Photo Clock , Nintendo DSi Browser and Flipnote Studio .
Trailer here
“ It is only through this kind of coordinated approach and solidarity of the counter - trafficking community that we can make a real difference in the lives of people who are suffering the cruel consequences of human trafficking and exploitation , ” UN Inter - Agency Project on Human Trafficking ( UNIAP ) regional manager Matthew Friedman told the 7th Senior Officials Meeting of the Coordinated Mekong Ministerial Initiative Against Trafficking ( COMMIT ) in Bagan .
The meeting brings together ministers from China , Cambodia , Laos , Myanmar , Thailand and Viet Nam , along with observers from the UN , including the UN Special Rapporteur on Trafficking of Persons Joy Ngozi Ezeilo , Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) , non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) and donors .
“ COMMIT is unique in that it has fostered unprecedented accountability between the Mekong countries over the past six years , ” UN Resident Coordinator Bishow Parajuli said .
“ I believe that this unity may be one of our greatest strengths in tackling some of our biggest challenges . ”
According to UN International Labour Organization ( ILO ) estimates , 9.49 million people were in forced labour in the Asia - Pacific region as of 2005 , with a significant number believed to be in the Mekong region .
Since the signing of a memorandum of understanding six years ago , the six countries have put in place legal and cooperative frameworks to prevent human trafficking taking place , prosecute traffickers and exploitative employers and protect victims , helping them return home safely and with dignity .
The Bagan meeting will take a fresh look at regional approaches to counter trafficking , review plans and priorities , and discuss future joint actions , focusing in particular on law enforcement and the recovery and reintegration of victims .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
You might not have heard , because almost nobody reported it , but new clean - energy projects attracted more global funding in 2008 than fossil - fuel projects did .
For the first time ever , investors put more money in solar , wind , geothermal , and hydropower than in fuels that must be burned , according to a U.N. report .
And when venture - capital funding tanked in 2009 because of the recession , cleantech weathered the downturn better than any other sector .
People with money to invest are choosing clean energy over dirty .
But lawmakers who shape energy legislation are not , quite possibly because they do n’t do n’t have a good understanding of the energy landscape .
Because they spend their weekends with oil lobbyists .
In Miami Beach :
Twelve Democratic Senators spent last weekend in Miami Beach raising money from top lobbyists for oil , drug , and other corporate interests that they often decry , according to a guest list for the event obtained by POLITICO .
The guest list for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee ’s “ winter retreat ” at the Ritz Carlton South Beach Resort does n’t include the price tag for attendance , but the maximum contribution to the committee , typical for such events , is $ 30,000 .
There , to participate in “ informal conversations ” and other meetings Saturday , were senators including DSCC Chairman Robert Menendez ; Michigan ’s Carl Levin and Debbie Stabenow ; Bob Casey of Pennsylvania ; Claire McCaskill of Missouri ; freshmen Kay Hagan of North Carolina and Mark Begich of Alaska ; and even left - leaning Bernie Sanders of Vermont .
Ben Smith ’s piece in Politico notes the hypocrisy of senators pretending not to be in the pocket of corporate interests when in fact they are .
But even if lawmakers want to make honest choices , “ winter retreats ” like this are giving them a skewed understanding of what ’s really happening in the energy industry , for one .
If they knew what investors know , they might rethink the tremendous advantage they give to fossil fuels via subsidies and tax breaks :
Environmental Law Institute
Since debuting in December , more than 2,000 extensions have been created for Google Chrome .
Now , Chrome users have access to about 40,000 more , thanks to support for Greasemonkey scripts in Chrome 4.0 for Windows and the Chrome Developer builds for Mac and Linux .
We 've covered Greasemonkey and the browser - awesome it can provide in the past , but if you are n't familiar , the plugin ( originally for Firefox ) allows site - specific JavaScript user scripts to run on a page , providing additional options and functionality .
So , for example , you can install a script that will give additional YouTube viewing or download options or pipe in data from other sources and display it alongside other content .
In Chrome 4.0 , you can go to Userscripts.org , the big clearinghouse for Greasemonkey scripts , and install many of the more than 40,000 scripts directly in Chrome ( about 15 - 25 % of the scripts wo n't work yet ) .
On the backend , Chrome will convert those scripts into a Chrome Extension , which you can then manage and uninstall the scripts with ease .
This is a huge boon for productivity lovers .
Greasemonkey scripts are a great way to add easy functionality to webpages , and the fact that they can be installed and uninstalled the same way as regular Chrome Extensions flat - out rocks .
If you are running the development version of Chrome for Mac ( or the Chromium Nightly Builds ) or the beta for the Linux version of Chrome , you should also have Greasemonkey support .
Because I primarily use Safari , I have n't really had access to many of my favorite scripts ever since Snow Leopard made the browser 64 - bit and my Grease Kit input manager stopped working ( and no , I did n't want to recompile ) .
Now I can have my favorite rendering engine ( WebKit ) along with some awesome browser - enhancing scripts .
Do you use Greasemonkey or userscripts ?
What are your favorites ?
Let us know !
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A mother who gave her brain - damaged son a lethal injection of heroin to end his “ living hell ” was jailed for life on Wednesday after being found guilty of his murder .
Frances Inglis , whose 22 - year - old son
Tom suffered severe head injuries when he fell out of a moving ambulance , had admitted ending her son ’s life but denied murder , saying she did it “ with love ” to end his suffering .
During the trial Inglis wept as she gave an emotional account of how she had “ no choice , ” describing her despair at the “ horror , pain and tragedy ” of her son ’s helpless condition .
“ For Tom to live that living hell ... I could n’t leave my child like that , ” she told the Old Bailey .
The 57 - year - old from Dagenham , Essex , had first tried to end her son ’s life in September 2007 and was charged with trying to kill him before going back and succeeding in November 2008 , the Press Association reported .
Prosecuting lawyer Miranda Moore admitted it would be a hard - hearted person who did not have sympathy for Inglis , but said : “ It is a tragic case but it is not a defence to murder to end someone ’s life to put them out of their misery . ”
Instructing the jury to put their emotions aside the judge said no one had the “ unfettered right ” to take the law into their own hands .
The jury , which deliberated for more than six hours , found Inglis guilty of both murder and attempted murder by a majority of 10 to two .
She was sentenced to life with a minimum term of nine years .
The real France , he insisted , was found not in Paris , but in small towns and on farms .
It was certainly not found in the person of France ’s most promising politician , Pierre Mendès - France , who as prime minister had acted on many of his campaign promises for meaningful economic and political change .
For Poujade , the young and cerebral Mendès - France , a Sephardic Jew whose family had lived in France for several generations , was and would always be a foreigner .
By Jan. 24 , 1955 , when the shopkeepers ’ group staged its huge rally in Paris , the movement ’s nostalgic longing for a simpler time had veered toward violent anti-parliamentarianism .
There were also overtones of anti-Americanism ( rumors flew that Coca - Cola had bought Notre - Dame with the intention of turning its western façade into a billboard ) and anti-Semitism .
The group ’s rallying cry 
Sortez les sortants !
( “ Throw the bums out ! ” )  challenged the right as well as the left .
During the subsequent national elections , the Poujadists bulldozed their way into town meetings , shouting down opposing candidates and threatening violence : a grim rehearsal for Tea Party tactics during last year ’s health care debates .
Their tactics , if not their platform  they did not , in fact , have one  worked .
Poujade ’s party won more than 10 percent of the votes , taking more than 50 seats in the National Assembly .
The election , though , proved to be Poujade ’s swan song .
He had demanded the nation ’s ear , but once he and his fellow deputies had it , they had nothing substantive to say .
Slogans and placards were poor preparation for governance , and the group ’s rank and file soon either retreated from the political arena or joined the traditional right .
By 1958 , most Poujadists were ready to throw their support behind a far more impressive opponent of the Fourth Republic , Charles de Gaulle .
When de Gaulle assumed power and held a referendum that replaced the parliamentary system with an authoritarian executive , Poujade ’s former adherents overwhelmingly voted yes .
As for Poujade himself , he had already become a footnote to French history .
Historical parallelism is the duct tape of my profession : we apply it to the most disparate things .
Sooner or later the tape frays , revealing unique fissures that require individual attention .
Perhaps this is the case with the Poujadists and the Tea Partiers .
Saint - Céré is far from Wasilla , Alaska ; questioning Mendès - France ’s origins is not quite the same as demanding President Obama ’s birth certificate ; the mendacity in the claim of France ’s imminent coca-colonization is of a different order from that concerning the misinformation about death panels in the United States .
In both instances , however , the despair and disconnect with politics seem similarly great and real , as does the common tendency to grasp for simple solutions to complex problems .
Tea Party activists might find it infuriating ever to be compared to the nation they consider the anti-America .
But French observers of our country may be forgiven if they feel a certain déjà vu when they see a movement that brings nothing to the ballot box except anger .
Is global warming a conspiracy concocted to destroy private property and freedom ?
According to a powerful lobby of ultra-conservatives , oil and coal corporations and a shadowy network of climate change deniers it is .
And these voices alarmingly seem to be gaining credibility .
What is going on ?
Ever since Al Gore ’s “ An Inconvenient Truth ” and the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the science seemed to be settled in most people ’s minds .
Yet , right before the 2009 Copenhagen conference on climate change , unknown computer hackers took over a server containing private e-mails by well - respected scientists at the UK ’s University of East Anglia who have worked for years on climate change studies .
The e-mails wound up on the Air Vent , a blog dedicated to attacking the accepted scientific conclusion that human activity is a major cause of climate change , meaning society is putting way too much carbon and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
Combing through the hundreds of e-mails , the climate change deniers seized on a couple of phrases , out of context , to “ prove ” that the science of human - caused climate change is a conspiracy .
The e-mails and all the “ proof ” of a climate conspiracy have been put together in a book , one of whose co-authors is a U.S. Navy - trained electronic specialist and former analyst for military contractor Northrop .
Now the climate change denier lobby has ratcheted up their smear job .
They have set their sights on the head of the UN ’s Intergovernmental Climate Change Panel , Indian scientist Dr. Rajendra K. Pachauri , who accepted the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of the 4,000 - scientist - strong panel and former Vice President Al Gore .
In the carefully detailed , sober and even cautious UN panel ’s reports , the 4,000 scientists from dozens of countries including the United States relied on solidly established scientific methods , including cross-checking and peer reviewed studies , to arrive at their conclusions .
However , at least one verifiable mistake , and some lesser errors , crept into the hefty and historic report .
The main one was that the panel report gave an erroneous year by which a scientist said the Himalayan Glaciers could disappear : 2035 instead of 2350 .
The panel later acknowledged and apologized for the error .
Dr. Pachauri is also being accused of financial conflict of interest over his work as an adviser to some businesses like Deutsche Bank and Toyota .
Pachauri never made the business dealings a secret .
“ My conscience is clear , ” Pachauri told The New York Times in a telephone interview .
However Pachauri has his critics among scientists who say it was inappropriate .
All this in no way changes the fact that the scientific evidence on climate change is overwhelming .
But who cares about that when you have Republican Sen. John Barrasso of Wyoming calling for Pachauri ’s resignation .
Oil , gas and coal industries top the campaign contributions to this senator .
Barrasso is also not immune from “ politicizing science ” in the health care debate ( the health “ industry ” is another large donor of his ) and on the environment .
According to ThatsMyCongress.org , Barrasso and GOP colleague David Vitter of Louisiana ( like Wyoming , an oil / gas - rich state ) recently introduced legislation that puts “ political convenience ” over rational and science - based decisio- making .
“ Their bill , S 724 , would amend the Endangered Species Act in order to ‘ temporarily prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from considering global climate change as a natural or manmade factor in determining whether a species is a threatened or endangered species . ' ”
Climate change denying is a multiple - headed hydra with far - reaching implications .
The other conservative “ star ” among the deniers is Britain ’s Lord Monckton , the Third Viscount Monckton of Brenchley , who likes to rail against the world ’s elitists .
If that is n’t the old pot calling the kettle …
Lord Monckton tried to make a name for himself by putting large ads in the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times challenging Al Gore to a debate on global warming .
The ads made it sound like a WWF - type climate throwdown .
How un-viscount - like .
Nonetheless , Monckton , who is now affiliated with a Washington - based institute that states on its web site “ Proved :
There is no climate crisis , ” called the UN panel corrupt and the panel ’s chair a mere “ Indian railroad engineer . ”
“ What on earth is he doing there ? ” Monckton said .
The viscount was an adviser to the ultra - conservative British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , who along with Ronald Reagan , ushered in an era of unfettered capitalism , deregulation , tax cuts for the rich and privatization .
Many analysts point to the timing of the smear attacks on scientists and the science of climate change .
India based Frontline Magazine reported , “ The lobby – in which 770 companies have come together to hire over 2,300 agents in Washington alone , in addition to hundreds of supporters in polluting corporations , powerful think - tanks and the media – is targeting climate science itself . ”
There is Copenhagen , but there is also the climate change / green jobs bill currently being considered in the U.S. Congress that has a whole phalanx of special interest opposition , especially from the deeply embedded oil / coal / gas corporate interests .
These interests feel they can win if they keep pointing to minor – and solvable – problems that have no bearing on the big issues .
Scientists and the public cannot afford their victory .
Analyst Praful Bidwai , in Frontline , urges a “ special commission to cross- check and verify all the references ” in the UN reports and urges “ full disclosure of the details of the grants and fees ” Pachauri and his foundation “ received from different sources – in the interest of transparency and the spirit of science . ”
In the U.S. , the media has a special responsibility to look into , and expose , the corporate and energy interests behind the deniers of climate change before they catch hold of public opinion through their scare tactics .
Photo :
A favorite piece of propaganda among the ultra- rightwing global warming - denier movement .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/genesgraphics/
/ CC BY 2.0
Yemen ’s water crisis is worsening as the country struggles with armed conflicts on three fronts .
Above : a village well almost runs out of water .
As delegates head to the United Kingdom for a key conference on Yemen , experts warn that Sanaa could become the first capital in the world to run out of water within a decade .
“ Water is one of the underlying challenges that needs to be addressed in order to secure the long term development and stability of Yemen , ” Ginny Hill , an associate fellow at Chatham House ’s Middle East and North Africa Program told The Media Line .
“ Everybody is so focused on immediate concerns about anti-terrorism , but there are a number of underlying issues that are facing the Yemeni government , ” she said .
“ Resources like water and oil are running out . ”
“ Oil underpins the economy and water underpins population patterns , ” Hill explained .
“ If the challenge around oil and water ca n’t be addressed , the danger is that there will be less stability because the state will have less revenue and less control . ”
Delegates at Wednesday ’s conference , hosted by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown in London , will discuss ways to boost Yemen ’s national economy and fight terrorism .
Oil reserves in the impoverished country are dwindling , while its population is growing and the water supply depleting .
Civil society organizations say the conference organizers must take a comprehensive approach to the challenges facing Yemen including the water problem .
The government is establishing water - management projects in urban areas but has failed to establish water administration in areas where tribal authorities dominate .
Yemen ’s army has been engaged in a protracted conflict in the north of the country with Houthi rebels since 2004 .
The rebels wish to restore the Zaidi imamate , which was overthrown in a 1962 coup and they accuse the Yemenite government of being too closely allied with the United States .
In addition , Yemen has also become a hotbed for Al - Qa’ida activity , a major concern for Western countries , including the United States .
Secessionist groups in the south are pressing for independence from the north .
A police officer was crushed to death in a protest on Monday and eleven others were wounded .
Southern separatists have declared a strike and are protesting against discrimination and lack of financial aid ahead of Wednesday ’s conference .
In a report issued in September , the Carnegie Endowment warned that the capital Sanaa , whose population is growing at a rate of 7 % a year , could be the first capital in the world to run out of water .
“ The concern is the population growth , which means there is a higher demand on the already - stressed water resources , ” Walid Salih , a water expert and regional coordinator for the MENA region at the United Nations University told The Media Line .
“ Yemen has a dual problem when it comes to water resources , ” he said .
“ They do n’t have proper management and they lack the financial resources to do more water - resource - management plans .
Sometimes they have floods , but if you do n’t have the facilities to capture this water , it ’s lost . ”
“ Most experts believe that the whole region will be hit as far as climate change is concerned , ” Salih said .
“ And of course the first victim of climate change is water . ”
According to the Carnegie report , the water crisis is a result of several factors , including rising domestic consumption , poor water management , corruption , and wasteful irrigation techniques .
Yemen is ranked by the United Nation ’s Food and Agriculture Organization as one of the thirstiest nations in the world , with one of the lowest rates of fresh water availability .
Extracted faster than repleted
Water is being extracted from underwater aquifers faster than it can be replaced , with extraction rates in Sanaa estimated at four times the pace of replenishment , the report said .
The water basins in Sanaa and in Amran in the northwest are close to collapse .
The water table in Yemen has fallen about two meters ( 6.6 feet ) in recent years , resulting in deeper wells being dug , which in turn affects the quality of the water .
Because of the water scarcity and lack of management , private diggers take water from depleting wells that are dug without a license .
Large amounts of the country ’s water is used to irrigate Qat , a semi-narcotic plant which constitutes a major part of Yemen ’s informal economy and is consumed extensively by the Yemeni population , who chew on it , sometimes for several hours a day , to achieve a rush .
The plant generates cash quickly and is more profitable than other crops such as grapes or potatoes .
Farmers often over - irrigate their fields and there are few incentives given to conserve the water .
Production and smuggling of Qat is one of the main sources of income for many families in northern Yemen , including rebels who are suspected of using the revenue to finance military activities .
( This article by Rachelle Kliger first appeared on The Media Line , the Mideast News Source . )
More on the environment in Yemen :
Yemen ’s Environmental Problems Based On Chewing Gat
Yemen Funnels Seawater to Drinking Water With Low - tech Watercone
Eco-tourism Hot Spots in Yemen
Image via ahron
Related
Comments
comments
The End of Diplomacy ?
Back in the day , there was a time when American diplomacy did big and important things .
No more , it seems .
The world ’s gotten complicated , America is a good deal weaker , and the U.S. administration is handicapping itself with a dysfunctional bureaucratic setup that makes it harder to focus and find its footing .
Effective American diplomacy may well be going the way of the dodo , and the sad fact is there may be little Barack Obama can do about it .
Lamenting the absence of great men years before his own shining moment , Winston Churchill wrote that in England , once upon a time , " there were wonderful giants of old . "
There ’s always a danger in idealizing what once was or seemed to be in order to make a point about the present .
Still , looking back over the last 60 years , you really do have to wonder whether America ’s best diplomacy and foreign policy are behind it .
America never ran the world ( an illusion the left , right , and much of the third and fourth worlds believe ; but there were moments ( 1945 - 1950 , the early 1970s , 1988 - 1991 ) when the United States marshaled its military , political , and economic power toward impressive ends .
There were , or course , disasters and plenty of dysfunction during these years , including the Vietnam War and out - of - control CIA operations .
But there were also brilliant achievements : the Marshall Plan , NATO , effective Arab - Israeli diplomacy , détente with the Russians , opening to China , a competent American role in the acceleration and management of the end of the Cold War , and the first Gulf War .
For most of the last 16 years , however — under Bill Clinton and George W. Bush — America has been in a diplomatic dry patch .
In the face of terrorism , nuclear proliferation , wars of choice , and nasty regional conflicts , conventional diplomacy has either not been tried or not been very successful .
The image of the shuttling secretary of state pre-empting crises or exploiting them to broker agreements , doggedly pursuing Middle East peace , achieving dramatic breakthroughs with spectacular secret diplomacy seems a world away .
The Obama administration wants to do this kind of stuff .
And it has done pretty well in managing the big relationships with Russia and Europe , though it has had its share of problems with China .
But frankly , these are the easy ones .
It ’s not from the big that the president ’s problems come ; it ’s from the small .
In garden spots like Iraq , Pakistan , Afghanistan , Yemen , and Somalia , the problems are four parts military , five parts nation - building , and maybe one part diplomacy .
And America is unlikely to prevail in any meaningful sense of the word where corrupt , extractive regimes are unable to control their own territory and cut deals with anti-American elements and place their security and political concerns first .
Even in areas where diplomacy might seem to work on paper — Kashmir , Arab - Israeli peacemaking — the United States is hampered by conflicts driven by deep ethnic and religious hostility and by internal politics in which its own allies ( Israel , Pakistan , and India ) ca n’t be of much help .
And in one of the cruelest ironies of all , the U.S. president who has gone further to engage Iran than any of his predecessors is watching any hope for diplomacy being ground up by a regime under siege in Tehran .
What ’s more , the power of the small is being matched by the weakening of the big .
You do n’t have to be a declinist ( I ’m not ) to see how far the image of American power has fallen .
Forget the economic meltdown , which has much of the world wondering about what kind of great power the United States really is .
America ’s currently fighting two wars where the standard for victory is not whether it can win but when it can leave .
Whether it ’s an inability to get tough sanctions from the international community against Iran , bring Tehran to heel , make North Korea play ball , get the Arabs and the Israelis to cooperate , or push the Pakistanis to hit the Taliban and al Qaeda in a sustained way , the world has gotten used to saying no to America without cost or consequence .
And that ’s very bad for a great power .
Finally , there ’s the issue of how the country organizes itself .
A new bureaucratic flowchart wo n’t replace skill and luck , better marshal American power , or create genuine opportunities for success abroad .
But if you do n’t have the right structure , it makes success all that much harder .
And the United States has departed from the one model that has proven successful : the strong foreign - policy president empowering the strong secretary of state who rides herd over subcabinet - level envoys in real time and in close coordination with the president on strategy .
Instead , the Obama administration has created an empire of envoys with power concentrated in the White House but without real purpose or strategy .
The nation ’s top diplomat ( the secretary of state ) seems to be everywhere and nowhere in terms of owning issues and finding a way to take on some of the nastiest challenges , which is what secretaries of state are supposed to do .
It ’s still early , and maybe the Obama administration will get lucky .
Perhaps the Iranian regime will collapse or the Arabs and Israelis will do something good by themselves .
But the next several years are more likely to be tough ones for American diplomacy .
And the image that comes to mind is n’t a terribly kind one : America as a kind of modern - day Gulliver tied up by tiny tribes abroad and hobbled by its inability to organize its own house at home .
First spotted on Wooster Collective , Ludo ’s work caught my eye with his provocative imagery of Nature fighting back and taking it to the streets .
Based in France , Ludo ’s art is found mostly in Paris , London and Italy .
His specialty is street poster art which can be applied onto walls quickly and effectively using wheatpaste .
Due to the legality of his work it is difficult to find any personal information on the artist behind the awesomeness .
I ’ve sent him an email with some questions , hopefully he writes back !
Behold !
Nature ’s Revenge
All imagery courtesy of LUDO ’S FLICKR PAGE , I strongly recommend you visit , there are hundreds of incredible photos in his stream .
He also has his own site with more of his work : www.thisisludo.com
Natural high .
So dope
Mother Earth is watching you
All imagery courtesy of LUDO ’S FLICKR PAGE
Grapes of Wrath
Love the eyes on the green skulls
All imagery courtesy of LUDO ’S FLICKR PAGE
Gunflowers
Tic - tac - toe top left , nice
All imagery courtesy of LUDO ’S FLICKR PAGE
So F*cking Money
All imagery courtesy of LUDO ’S FLICKR PAGE , I strongly recommend you visit , there are hundreds of incredible photos in his stream .
He also has his own site with more of his work : www.thisisludo.com
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends : 3D Insanity With Only Four Letters by the legendary DAIM
Published by Sierra Monica P. on February 16 , 2010 under Giveaways
Last year we had the chance to review the award - winning X - mini II capsule speaker , a powerful mini speaker that enhances the sound coming from a portable media player , cell phone , laptop or other music - enabled devices .
While using it we liked the clear and powerful sound , the smart ergonomic design and the fact that it comes with the standard 3.5 - mm jack featured by most of the music - enabled devices .
What I like most is the shape that allows me to store the speaker anywhere and the soft rubber - like finish that enables a pleasant feeling when holding the speaker .
I wanted to see the X - mini II available in other colors besides black and recently I found the white and red versions at the XMI online shop .
You can find out more about the XMI X - mini II capsule speaker from our review , or by checking the official site of the developer .
If you want to know its basic features here is the specs list :
Dimension ( L×W×H ) : 60 mm×60 mm ×44 mm ( closed resonator )
Net Weight : 83g
Speaker : MAGNETISM PREVENTФ40 MM
2W/4Ω
Loudspeaker Output : 2.5W
Rating Power : 2.0W
Frequency Response : 100
Hz - 20Khz
Signal - to - Noise : ≥ 80db
Distortion : ≤ 1.0 %
Playback Time : Up to 11 hours
Battery Voltage / Capacity : 400mAh
Battery Charging Voltage : 4.2V±0.05V
Battery Charge Time : 5V – 2.5 hours
Now let ’s get back to our giveaway .
XMI sent us the X - mini MAX II speakers for review and a black X - mini II to give away .
If you want to get your hands on a high - quality portable mini speaker you have to browse the online XMI shop and leave a comment here in which to tell us your general opinion about the XMI speakers like what / which you like or do n’t like .
For an extra entry you have to Tweet about the giveaway on Twitter and leave your Twitter ID or link to the Tweet in your comment .
The giveaway is open worldwide and will end on March 1st .
The winner will be randomly chosen with the list randomizer at Random.org .
To stay up to date with our latest posts and announcements you can subscribe to our newsletter .
We wish you all good luck !
( We want to thank XMI for allowing us to host the giveaway ! )
Update :
The giveaway has ended and comments are closed .
Find out who gets the capsule speaker and continue the discussion here .
Tags : speaker
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The funeral of Georgian luger Nodar Kumaritashvili - who died during a training run at the Winter Olympics - has taken place in his home town .
Top officials were among hundreds gathered for the service in Bakuriani .
The 21 - year - old came off the Whistler track at high speed and crashed into metal pillars hours before the opening ceremony in Vancouver , Canada .
The Georgian Olympic Committee said safety standards had not been met and is deciding whether to take action .
Mourners including Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili gathered outside the athlete 's home under clear skies to lay flowers and pay their respects .
Earlier , family and friends gathered for a traditional funeral feast at the Kumaritashvili family home , where a small choir sang Georgian chants .
The athlete 's father , David Kumaritashvili , gazed at a portrait of his son and said : " I wanted to throw a wedding feast for you .
Instead , we have a funeral .
"
As few sportsmen who hail from the small winter resort have reached Olympic stardom , the people of the luger 's town feel they have lost a sporting hero as well as a cherished member of their community , says the BBC's Tom Esslemont in the town .
Visor on ice Unanswered questions still surround the accident that led to Kumaritashvili 's death .
The athlete 's sled struck the inside of the track 's last turn during his sixth and final training run , sending his body into the air and over a concrete wall .
Kumaritashvili came off the track at high speed and crashed into pillars
The men's race went ahead in Vancouver after after changes were made to the track .
The racers ' average speeds were significantly cut by lowering the start gate to the one usually reserved for the women 's competition .
Georgian Olympic officials say Kumaritashvili's death was caused by a lack of attention to safety standards .
But the athlete 's parents say they do not blame anyone ; they simply want Nodar to be remembered for a very long time .
A visibly upset International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) president Jacques Rogge said the tragedy had cast a shadow over the games .
WHISTLER SLIDING CENTRE Opened : Winter 2008 Vertical drop : 152 m Max gradient : 20 % Track top speed : 95.65 mph ( 153.93kph ) Cost : 104 m Can dollars ( £ 63 m )
Average speed at Whistler is 15 mph greater than at other tracks Average vertical drop at Whistler is 28 m greater than at other tracks
The luge competition went ahead last Saturday after probes by the Coroners Service of British Columbia and the International Luge Federation ( FIL ) concluded the track was not deficient but that the athlete " did not compensate properly " going into a bend .
The track at Whistler , which is shared by the sports of luge , skeleton and bobsleigh , already has a reputation as one of the fastest - and most dangerous - in the world .
In the build - up to the Games several teams had raised concerns about the safety of athletes , who regularly exceed 90 mph as they compete , though Kumaritashvili crashed at a corner which had not been previously identified as a danger area .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The LA Times recently delved into the history of the text message -- specifically , why text messages are limited to 160 characters .
The answer starts in Germany , in 1985 , when researcher Friedhelm Hillebrand was thinking about adding a text messaging service to the nascent cellular telephone system .
He typed various statements , questions , and brief messages on a typewriter .
When he reviewed what he had typed , he saw a pattern : they all fit within 160 characters .
Perhaps if he had been a more verbose writer , we'd have longer text messages today -- but no , Hillebrand was convinced that his short messages were just the right length .
As the LA Times recounts it : " This is perfectly sufficient , " he recalled thinking during that epiphany of 1985 , when he was 45 years old .
" Perfectly sufficient . "
Hillebrand started looking for a way to fit these " short messages " into the existing cell phone network ... and the rest is history .
Read a bit more about the early days of SMS ( Short Messaging Service ) :
Initially , Hillebrand 's team could fit only 128 characters into that space , but that did n't seem like nearly enough .
With a little tweaking and a decision to cut down the set of possible letters , numbers and symbols that the system could represent , they squeezed out room for another 32 characters .
Still , his committee wondered , would the 160 - character maximum be enough space to prove a useful form of communication ?
Having zero market research , they based their initial assumptions on two " convincing arguments , " Hillebrand said .
For one , they found that postcards often contained fewer than 150 characters .
Second , they analyzed a set of messages sent through Telex , a then - prevalent telegraphy network for business professionals .
Despite not having a technical limitation , Hillebrand said , Telex transmissions were usually about the same length as postcards .
So did Hillebrand get rich from his invention ?
Not exactly .
He 's still working in mobile communications , and recently wrote a book ( with a > $ 200 sticker price ! ) about his work on early cell phone networks .
( Photo courtesy of Flickr user semarr , used via Creative Commons license . )
The fire burning deep below Centralia , Pa. , is just one of numerous coal fires burning in at least 20 states today , with thousands more worldwide .
They gobble up resources , spew dangerous emissions , and scar the land .
Yet little is known about their impact on climate change or human health due to carbon dioxide and mercury emissions , say experts .
Approximately 200 underground coal fires burn in about 20 states , according to Glenn Stracher , a researcher at East Georgia College in Swainsboro , Ga. , A separate tally shows 112 fire sites in 21 states , according to Office of Surface Mining data analyzed by Dr. Stracher and fellow researcher Ann Kim .
Causes of such coal fires range from spontaneous combustion to lightning to wildfires that ignite coal seams that then move underground to smolder and burn at temperatures that can reach 500 degrees F. or more .
Analysis of heat - fused rock " clinkers " shows that coal fires are an ancient phenomenon .
" We 've been dating clinkers , showing coal fires have occurred for at least couple of million years , so they 're not new , " says Mark Engle , a researcher at the US Geological Survey , " but undoubtedly human activity has exacerbated it . "
Fires emit toxic emissions
In 2002 , the US Environmental Protection Agency estimated that underground coal fires around the world emitted about 48 tons of mercury annually .
Worldwide , thousands of underground coal fires burn , with perhaps 1,300 in Indonesia alone , says Dr. Stracher , who is editing a four - volume scientific compilation of coal and peat fires around the world .
He estimates that fires are burning in at least 20 nations , but notes that researchers have little understanding of their environmental damage and the scope of their impact on human health .
" The truth is , we do n't really have a good regional or global estimate of emissions from these fires , " Stracher says .
" It 's quite possible the emissions from these fires should be a significant part of the climate change models .
We just do n't know . "
The coal fires also spew a lot of toxins into the atmosphere , causing water and soil pollution , he notes .
Mercury is among the hazardous emissions – along with millions of tons of CO2 .
One estimate by French researchers in a 2007 study put carbon dioxide emissions from coal fires at .3 percent of global emissions .
But all such numbers are extrapolations and could be far higher – and so their exclusion from climate change models could be a major , even tragic , omission , says Dr. Engle .
Most underground coal fires can be found in big coal - consuming nations such as the US , China , and India , where human activity , often mining , plays a major role in igniting them .
In China , for instance , massive underground coal fires are thought to consume between 10 million and 200 million metric tons of coal annually – about .5 percent to 10 percent of that country 's total production , according to research cited in a 2009 fact sheet published by the US Geological Survey .
Cost a deterrent to stopping fires
Some progress has been made on technology to put out the fires .
One technique is to dig the fire out , Another is to build a trench around the fire .
Other methods include using a type of grout and or even high - tech nitrogen foam to smother the fire .
Almost always , however , the reason the fires get out of hand is that the cost to fight them is considered too high .
Efforts to extinguish underground coal fires in the US have cost $ 1 billion so far – about 90 percent of that in just two states , West Virginia and Pennsylvania , according to the Department of Interior 's Office of Surface Mining Enforcement and Reclamation .
The fire in Centralia has been burning since 1962 , when trash burning in a nearby abandoned strip mine used as an unregulated dump ignited the nearby Buck Mountain coal bed , according to Stracher , who has visited the site and conducted research there .
The fire soon spread to mining tunnels beneath the town .
Efforts by residents and federal authorities to put together a plan to fight the fire were unsuccessful .
Finally , between 1985 and 1991 the federal government appropriated $ 42 million to relocate residents and businesses because of the risk of pollution and subsidence .
A few homes and residents remained .
Until now .
The state is moving to take possession or remaining homes and demolish them .
" I 've been there many times , " Stracher says .
" It 's just an eerie feeling to think that it's an area that was once a thriving community .
You can almost sense the people that used to live there but are now gone .
He recalls seeing where houses once were , but are now just overgrown foundations with occasional rusty swing sets nearby .
" I can picture kids growing up here , yet the whole area , the dead vegetation , the smoke coming out of ground , " he says .
" It 's pretty bizarre . "
Why do some people like to take risks by playing " longshot " payoffs while , on the other hand , taking the opposite tack by buying insurance to reduce risks ?
A team of economists and molecular geneticists from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and two Asian universities say the answer can be found in our genetic makeup .
The team set out to tackle the long - standing question in economic theory as to why people tend to be risk - preferring when facing longshot risks involving significant gains , such as betting on race horses , and on the other hand are risk averse when facing significant losses -- buying home or car insurance , for instance .
Many economists have struggled with this paradox , says Richard Ebstein , the Sylvia Scheinfeld Professor of Human Genetics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , who has probed this subject along with economists Prof.
Soo Hong Chew of the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) and Dr. Songfa Zhong of NUS and the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology .
Ebstein notes the psychological explanation suggested by former Hebrew University psychology Professors Daniel Kahneman ( a Nobel Prize laureate ) and Amos Tversky , as embodied in their widely accepted prospect theory , to explain why people play the lottery and at the same time purchase insurance .
Although prospect theory offers a psychological explanation for this facet of economic behavior , the underlying neurobiological and neurogenetic mechanisms have remained obscure until now , said Ebstein .
In an article just published online on PLoS ONE , Ebstein and his colleagues combined the tools of experimental economics and molecular genetics to examine the role of a well - characterized gene , monoamine oxidase A ( MAOA ) , in predicting whether subjects are more likely to buy the lottery or insurance ( or both ) under well - controlled laboratory conditions .
In the experiment , 350 Han Chinese subjects were recruited in Beijing and participated in two simple choice tasks , representing proclivities to purchase lottery tickets and insurance , using real monetary incentives .
For example , the subjects were given options to keep a very small cash return upfront , with no risk , or of gambling bigger amounts that they were given upfront but with a minimal chance of actually winning and keeping the money in a lottery drawing .
In the second task , concerning insurance , subjects were asked whether or not they would insure a certain but insignificant loss or would take out insurance on a larger amount with a real but low risk of actual loss .
They found that subjects with a high - activity variation of the MAOA gene are characterized by a preference for the longshot lottery and also less insurance purchasing than subjects with the low - activity genetic version .
This is the first result to link attitude towards longshot risks to a specific gene .
It complements other , recent findings on the neurobiological basis of economic risk taking .
As the world financial system slowly emerges from the near economic meltdown , it is worth considering , says Ebstein , that inborn biases , coded by common genetic variants , may be a major factor in fueling people 's actions regarding longshot options --- with concomitant effects on financial markets .
Explore further Cut and run :
New research predicts risk avoidance in the face of chronic economic loss
Investigation to follow Council of Europe Health Committee Chairman ’s accusations that WHO officials ‘ re - defined pandemics ’ to deliberately create demand for the ‘ swine flu ’ vaccine in spite of insufficient testing on its safety or effectiveness
Aaron Dykes
Infowars.com
January 11 , 2010
Wolfgang Wodarg , Chairman of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe Health Committee
Drug firms collaborated with WHO officials to deliberately create a " campaign of panic " and a ‘ false disaster ’ over swine flu pandemic fears when one was not evident , top European health official Wolfgang Wodarg has indicated .
Wolfgang Wodarg , head of health at the Council of Europe , claims that the threshold for alert was deliberately lowered at the WHO , allowing a " pandemic " to be declared despite the mildness of the ‘ swine flu . ’
That designation would force a demand for the vaccine , which was subsequently purchased by governments or health facilities and pushed on the public through a full - scale fear campaign in the media .
Wodarg told Al Jazeera that :
" The WHO in collaboration with some big pharmaceutical companies and their scientists , re-defined pandemics and lowered the alarm - threshold .
Those new standards forced politicians in most states to react immediately and sign marketing commitments for additional and new vaccines against " swine - flu " and spend billions of dollars to catch up . "
" Never before the search for traces of a virus was carried out so broadly and intensively , besides , many cases of death that happen to coincide with seropositive H1N1 lab - findings were simply attributed to " swine - flu " and used to foster fear . "
Wodarg is focusing on the motives for profit , as well as the ties between the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , the pharmaceutical - industrial complex and research scientists , a nexus which Canada Free Press points out is eerily similar to the Climategate revelations that CRU research scientists fudged data to " hide the decline " in proxy temperatures in order to support global warming claims .
Wodarg stated :
" A group of people in the WHO is associated very closely with the pharmaceutical industry . "
" The great campaign of panic we have seen provided a golden opportunity for representatives from labs who knew they would hit the jackpot in the case of a pandemic being declared . "
[ efoods ]
Now , Wodarg has been backed by members in the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe ( PACE ) who voted unanimously on his resolution to investigate the matter .
An emergency debate has been scheduled to begin later this month .
The Council ’s resolution states :
“ In order to promote their patented drugs and vaccines against flu , pharmaceutical companies have influenced scientists and official agencies , responsible for public health standards , to alarm governments worldwide .
They have made them squander tight healthcare resources for inefficient vaccine strategies and needlessly exposed millions of healthy people to the risk of unknown side - effects of insufficiently tested vaccines . ”
Wodarg also raised concerns about the safety of swine flu vaccines in an interview with France ’s L’Humanite .
He highlighted the intentional deception , which subjected innocent people to an experimental and untested formula .
" The vaccines were developed too quickly .
Some ingredients were insufficiently tested , " he said .
" But there is worse to come .
The vaccine developed by Novartis was produced in a bioreactor from cancerous cells , a technique that had never been used until now . "
" In April when the first alarm came from Mexico I was very surprised at the figures furnished by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) to justify the declaration of a pandemic .
I was immediately suspicious : the numbers were very low and the alarm level very high .
There were not even into a thousand patients when there was already talk of the pandemic of the century . "
" In reality there was no reason to sound the alarm at this level .
This was only possible because in early May the WHO changed its definition of a pandemic .
Before that date there had to be not only a disease which had broke out in several countries at once but also one that had very serious consequences with the number of deaths above the usual average .
This aspect was removed from the new definition , to retain the rate of spread of disease as the only criteria . "
" Among the things that aroused my suspicions there was therefore on one side this determination to sound the alarm .
And on the other side , some curious facts .
Such as , for example , the recommendation by WHO to carry out two injections for vaccines .
That had never been done before .
There was no scientific justification for this .
There was also the recommendation to use only special patented vaccines … that major laboratories had designed and manufactured to be ready in case of a pandemic developing .
And by proceeding in this way they did not hesitate to endanger the persons vaccinated . "
Wodarg emphasized the need to find the source of corruption and restore trustworthiness on the part of health authorities in nations across the world , most of which helped to fan the flames of panic while neglecting the need for safety among the public it is meant to protect :
" We want to clarify everything that brought about this massive operation of disinformation .
We want to know who made decisions , on the basis of what evidence , and precisely how the influence of the pharmaceutical industry came to bear on the decision - making . "
Dr. Wodarg suggested that , “ The Council of Europe and its member - states should ask for immediate investigations and consequences , on their national levels , as well as on the international level . ”
" We must make sure people can rely on the analysis and the expertise of national and international public institutions .
The latter are now discredited , because millions of people have been vaccinated with products with inherent possible health risks . "
Infowars.com and many other alternative news sites have warned since day one that the swine flu scare was hoax .
Though media outlets across the country bombarded the airwaves with scary stories meant to sell the public on another inoculation , far fewer deaths have been caused by the virus than by the seasonal flu .
Wodarg likewise points out this fact : " It ’s just a normal kind of flu .
It does not cause a tenth of deaths caused by the classic seasonal flu .
Many people refused to take the vaccine and governments in the U.S. and U.K. now have stockpiles of unused shots .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
One way to enhance self - control is to avoid tempting situations .
The irony , according to a recent study , is that people who think they have more self - control allow themselves to get into more tempting situations and , as a result , are more likely to give in to temptation .
For example , students who were made to feel fatigued were less confident in their ability to control fatigue and were less willing to put off studying for exams .
Smokers who were led to believe that they had superior self - control were more willing to keep a proscribed cigarette in their proximity while watching the movie “ Coffee and Cigarettes , ” and , as a result , they were more likely to smoke it .
Likewise , smokers who were trying to quit and who also felt they had high self - control were less likely to have abstained four months later , on account of not being diligent enough in avoiding temptation .
Nordgren , L. et al. , “ The Restraint Bias : How the Illusion of Self - Restraint Promotes Impulsive Behavior , ” Psychological Science ( December 2009 ) .
Divided by color Since the 2000 election , political analysts have consistently referred to Republican - leaning states as “ red ” and Democratic - leaning states as “ blue . ”
Of course , states are not composed entirely of Republicans or Democrats , and , in fact , most states have a pretty even mix .
Nevertheless , researchers wondered what effect the red - blue dichotomy might have on perceptions of political reality .
People were shown electoral maps with a stark red - blue scheme , with a scheme where red and blue were mixed in proportion to the vote , or the same maps but with numeric data .
People who saw the map with the stark red - blue scheme and without numeric data assumed that the nation was more divided , that there were greater differences on specific political issues , and that one ’s vote was less likely to matter .
Since the 2000 election , political analysts have consistently referred to Republican - leaning states as “ red ” and Democratic - leaning states as “ blue . ”
Of course , states are not composed entirely of Republicans or Democrats , and , in fact , most states have a pretty even mix .
Nevertheless , researchers wondered what effect the red - blue dichotomy might have on perceptions of political reality .
People were shown electoral maps with a stark red - blue scheme , with a scheme where red and blue were mixed in proportion to the vote , or the same maps but with numeric data .
People who saw the map with the stark red - blue scheme and without numeric data assumed that the nation was more divided , that there were greater differences on specific political issues , and that one ’s vote was less likely to matter .
Rutchick , A. et al. , “ Seeing Red ( and Blue ) : Effects of Electoral College Depictions on Political Group Perception , ” Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy ( December 2009 ) .
Bob and Carol Dawson love living in Baja California , but the region ’s violent reputation has put them on the defensive .
They have been called delusional and reckless -- all because they choose to live in an oceanfront gated community about 30 or 40 miles and a world away from the U.S. border .
Americans living in this part of Mexico are often grilled , half - jokingly , about their sanity .
They get asked whether they ’ve seen decapitated heads rolling down the street .
Friends wonder whether they wear bulletproof vests or drive around in armored cars .
When the Dawsons moved here in 1999 to retire , they were enticed by the area ’s charm and peacefulness .
They bought an expansive home with ocean views for $ 175,000 .
“ Live like a millionaire without a million bucks ” is the local real estate mantra .
In recent years , the tranquillity has been eclipsed by the mayhem of battles between the Mexican government and organized crime .
Military trucks brimming with heavily armed soldiers have rumbled through the manicured grounds of luxury developments ; gunmen pepper local police stations with automatic - weapon fire ; and Baja California ’s most notorious crime boss once eluded authorities by running through a beach popular among American retirees .
Since 2008 , more than 1,000 Mexicans in the northern Baja California area have died in the drug violence .
Rarely does a week go by without news of another person being beheaded or dissolved in acid or chopped up and left in a parked car .
But for most expatriates the violence seems as distant as headlines from Iraq .
Along the 70 - mile stretch of coastline from Tijuana to Ensenada , 14,000 Americans live in a bubble of relative security , many in gated developments or high - rise condominiums where they run a greater risk of being sideswiped by a golf cart or a wave - tossed surfer than staring down an AK - 47 - toting drug trafficker .
Not that expatriates are oblivious to the drug war .
Bill Kirchhoff , the former city manager of Redondo Beach , said he suspects that some of the boaters speeding by his seaside house at Playa La Mision are drug traffickers .
He ’s not moving back to the States any time soon , though , saying a few precautions can keep people out of harm ’s way .
“ A lot of people simply do n’t understand the level of danger that exists in this kind of environment , ” he said .
“ But if you ’re aware of it , you can manage it to a great extent . ”
Bob Dawson , 66 , said the dangers are exaggerated , but shares a pioneer attitude .
“ We ’re a different kind of breed even to try this , ” he said .
From the balcony of their home one row back from the ocean , the Dawsons can see dolphins dancing in the waves and pelicans gliding low over the surf break .
Carol keeps watch for the first signs of migrating whales ;
Bob pours his locally famous margarita mix -- dubbed Bobby - Ritas -- for neighbors .
They just do n’t get many visitors .
Loved ones beg them to move and many wo n’t visit , including their son - in - law , who for much of the last few years has refused to bring their grandsons to visit .
“ He thinks we live in a dream world , ” said Carol , 65 .
“ But if I feared danger to my life , I would n’t be here . ”
The curving , craggy coastline of northern Baja California , a one - hour drive from San Diego , was once a popular getaway for Southern California residents .
They came for the solitude and the surf .
They would unwind at gringo bars and spend weekends at funky beachfront hotels .
In recent years , the coastal stretch has taken on an upscale look with condominiums , spacious homes , bed - and - breakfasts , and spas rising on bluffs .
In the nearby Guadalupe Valley , hacienda - style inns and wineries sit amid vineyards blanketing the tawny hills .
The area attracts a range of Americans .
Young telecommuters and Internet entrepreneurs live alongside artists and urban refugees in hillside villages .
Retirees enjoy five - star luxury resorts with vanishing - edge pools , private beaches and shuttle service to the border .
For less than $ 300,000 , people can buy a spacious home on an 18 - hole golf course at Baja Mar .
Ocean - view houses with balconies and gardens can be had for $ 400,000 .
“ Look at this .
I ca n’t live in La Jolla like this , ” Richard Cargill , 66 , said as he took in the ocean views from his deck at the Palacio Del Mar resort .
The retired mortgage banker paid $ 490,000 for the 2,300 - square - foot condominium one year ago .
“ I call this the smart man ’s San Diego . ”
For the Dawsons , the appeal was an early retirement .
Bob , who used to own a paper packaging company , and Carol , a former flight attendant , cut their expenses 30 % when they moved down from Santa Ana .
They live in the Las Gaviotas development about six miles south of Rosarito Beach , where 298 homes sit behind high walls and visitors must pass through a gate manned 24 hours a day by security guards .
There ’s a clubhouse , a pool , tennis courts and a promenade lined with mini-mansions that overlook the palapa - dotted beach .
After the Dawsons bought their home as a weekend getaway in 1996 they passed out keys to relatives , and their two daughters brought friends down on weekends .
“ This was a party house , ” Bob Dawson said .
In those days the beach and pool at Las Gaviotas teemed with families and children on weekends .
“ It was filled with laughter and noise , ” Carol Dawson said .
“ It was fun . ”
Five years ago , anticipating more visitors , the Dawsons expanded their house , adding two bedrooms , a bathroom and an elevator .
They started a property management business catering to Americans who owned second homes in the area .
Then the troubles started .
The Mexican government ’s crackdown against organized crime struck Baja California in 2007 .
A few Americans fell victim to the upheaval late that year , when heavily armed men dressed as police pulled over a San Diego - area family on the coastal road .
They pointed guns at their heads , pocketed cash and jewelry , and stole their truck and trailer .
That attack , along with the robbery of a surfer and the rape of his girlfriend on an isolated beach , was repeated in media accounts of Baja California violence .
Though the situation has calmed considerably , some media outlets continue mentioning the incidents , angering residents and Mexican officials .
To the Dawsons , the recycled reports give the distorted impression that Americans are constantly under siege .
Media coverage of “ a shootout in the States lasts one day , ” Bob said .
“ We have a shootout here , and it lasts for years . ”
The negative publicity has taken its toll .
At Las Gaviotas , dozens of houses sit empty , many with “ For Sale ” signs .
Of the 11 homes managed by the Dawsons , not one was rented in September and only a few have been leased since .
Passing through the development ’s tall gates for a quick trip down the road to Rosarito Beach , the Dawsons encounter a somewhat shabby landscape of roadside coconut stands and shanties .
They drive by construction - supply and appliance stores , restaurants and other businesses where owners have downsized or closed down because the expected influx of baby boomers never materialized .
The Dawsons point to the fancy Las Rocas resort , where their nephew ’s wedding was nearly spoiled in April when the maid of honor considered canceling because she was worried about crime .
Security concerns have contributed to a shutdown of filmmaking at nearby Baja Studios ; entertainment - industry workers on movies such as “ Titanic ” and “ Master and Commander ” once injected millions of dollars into the local economy .
Outside the studio gates , where a replica of a tall ship is docked , the Mexican military runs a northbound checkpoint .
Masked marines with assault weapons question drivers .
In the distance , another marine mans a .50 - caliber machine gun .
A marine quickly waves the Dawsons through .
“ It makes me feel safe , ” Bob said as he passed the military ’s sign : “ Welcome to Baja California .
This is a routine military checkpoint . ”
Kirchhoff , the retired Redondo Beach city manager , feels uneasy whenever he comes to a checkpoint .
“ They ’re there for a reason and it ’s not a good one , ” he said .
Earlier this year , Baja California crime boss Teodoro Garcia Simental was believed to be at a party at an oceanfront resort a few miles from Kirchhoff ’s property , but he escaped onto the beach , according to officials and media reports .
Kirchhoff said federal police and soldiers scoured the area in helicopters , boats and trucks , and walked up the sand to search neighboring properties .
“ They were chasing some of the most heinous criminals in Baja .
That ought to give anybody cause for concern , ” said Kirchhoff , 67 .
But it ’s not enough to get him to leave his sprawling home perched over the beach and his four - acre ranch near - by .
Kirchhoff and other expatriates who have been touched by crime -- usually home break - ins or petty theft -- have adapted to the risks .
They drive junky cars , avoid late - night trips and stay away from crime hot spots like eastern Tijuana .
The Dawsons also have their own rules .
They never carry large amounts of cash , and they keep a stash hidden in the car just in case they ’re robbed .
The couple says they use the kind of common - sense rules that people follow in any community affected by serious crime , like Los Angeles or their former hometown .
Carol says she feels safer in Las Gaviotas , where she leaves her front door unlocked .
“ I heard gunfire in Santa Ana .
I ’ve never heard gunfire here , ” she said .
It ’s a point she ’s made countless times to her son - in - law , without success .
“ He was very hard - nosed about coming down here , ” she said .
“ He thought people were putting their children in danger . ”
A few weeks ago , Carol was returning from an errand when she was greeted at the front door by squeals of excitement .
“ Surprise , Grammy , ” yelled her two grandsons .
Her son - in - law , seeing that crime has declined significantly from two years ago , made the trip from Laguna Niguel with his family .
It was like old times .
The boys batted a Wiffle ball on the putting green , took walks on the beach with their three golden retrievers and played in the pool .
Carol ’s daughter and son - in - law got side - by - side massages at a spa , played golf at Baja Mar , and the family dined at the La Fonda restaurant down the coast .
Carol Dawson and other expatriates see signs that things may be turning around .
Some hotels are selling out on weekends and there are more surfers trickling down south of the border .
Then there ’s her son - in - law ’s change of heart .
“ I think he finally realized , ” she said , “ that it ca n’t be all that bad . ”
richard.marosi@latimes.com .
Skip to comments .
Reddit Loonies Hijack FoxNews Poll
Posted on by Stoutcat
From Reddit :
" Fox News Poll : ' What Do You Think Tea Party Movement Is About ? '
' Fruitless mix of racism , conspiracy theories ' is one of the choices .
You know what to do .
Can we out - vote the fruits and nuts on Reddit ?
( Excerpt ) Read more at foxnews.com ...
TOPICS :
KEYWORDS :
foxnews
poll
reddit
teaparty
I voted , but the Reddit crowd is still ahead in the poll .
To : Stoutcat
I voted .
Still 25 % to 60 % , reddit in the lead .
Vote more .
To : Stoutcat
Lulz , as if there are n’t loonies at * this * site too ?
No site is completely immune from the disease of liberalism .
I go to Reddit often and find it does have a fair share of conservatives .
If you go poking around in anti-Palin / Fox threads then of course you ’re going to find liberals .
Some conservatives do n’t like Glenn Beck or Palin .
That does n’t mean they ’re liberals .
To : Stoutcat
Do n't know what a “ Reddit ” is but FReeped the poll .
Do n't know what a “ Reddit ” is but FReeped the poll .
There is only one left wing response so it will be an easy poll for anti-American types to swing it .
To : Stoutcat
Fox worded that poll badly .
It ’s like me taking a poll that says :
Who do you think Jesus Christ was ?
a .
The son of God
b. The word
c. The truth
d . The light
e . The lamb of God
f. a phony con artist and then complaining when F is selected more than the others .
To : Stoutcat
Notice that 3 out of the 4 choices ( not including “ other ” ) are valid responses in favour of the Tea Party .
There is only one negative choice — thus practically guaranteeing that the largest single % response would be negative .
Most people would just look at the bars , and not tally the positive responses .
Quite a trick , eh ?
Just one of the many ways these ( already meaningless ) polls can be skewed , to produce any “ results ” the publishers want .
To : Stoutcat
stupid pole ..... too many choices for conservatives .... not enough for leftists .
by 7 posted onby Vaquero ( BHO ....' The Pretenda from Kenya ' )
To : TexasFreeper2009
Well said .
To : Stoutcat
Whoever the dingbat is who put that poll up needs a flogging .
Only a complete idiot would put a poll up that let ’s the voter , vote more than once ( without at least changing subnet IP addresses )
To : Stoutcat
i voted 5 times ...
by 10 posted onby stefanbatory ( Weed out the RINOs !
Sign the pledge . conservativepledge.org )
To : Stoutcat
Online polls are really pointless .
We know it , they know it , everyone knows it .
by 11 posted onby Deb ( Beat him , strip him and bring him to my tent ! )
To : Stoutcat
With racism and conspiracy answer leading the way , Foxnews will never show the results of this poll .
To : Stoutcat
Small government and fiscal responsibility 25 % ( 19,438 votes ) Exposing Democrats ' socialist agenda 2 % ( 1,636 votes )
Voicing outrage at out - of - touch politicians 12 % ( 9,144 votes ) Fruitless mix of racism , conspiracy theories 61 % ( 47,329 votes )
Other ( add your comment ) 1 % ( 610 votes ) Total Votes : 78,157
After voting :
by 13 posted onby Forgiven_Sinner ( If you meet people with no brain , no heart and no courage , you are not in KS - You are in the Congress )
To : Stoutcat
' What Do You Think Tea Party Movement Is About ? '
A ) Exposing Democrats ' socialist agenda 2 % ( 1,641 votes )
B ) Voicing outrage at out - of - touch politicians 12 % ( 9,155 votes )
C ) Fruitless mix of racism , conspiracy theories 61 % ( 47,870 votes )
D ) Other ( add your comment ) 1 % ( 614 votes )
Total Votes : 78,840
How about A and B ?
by 14 posted onby Lucky9teen ( A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is just putting on its shoes . )
To : Stoutcat
Just throw this “ poll ” into the trash bin labeled “ Lies Damned Lies Statistics ” .
To : dynachrome
by 16 posted onby Lucky9teen ( A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is just putting on its shoes . )
To : Stoutcat
I voted , but these are never scientific polls .
FOX and others create polls as a hook to get people , regardless of how that vote , to hit their websites .
It 's a money making gimmick .
To : Vaquero
STOOOPID POLE Cmon Fox , you know better .
To : George from New England
or POLL ... ( I see that I spelled it wrong ) we get the POLE from zer0 bambam and the dhimms .....
by 19 posted onby Vaquero ( BHO ....' The Pretenda from Kenya ' )
To : Stoutcat ; 2ndDivisionVet ;
A knight without armor ; Alexander Rubin ; all the best ; AmericaUnite ; ...
Maybe we can make it a bit closer .
Thanks to Lucky9teen for da ping !
FREEP THIS POLL *** PING !***
FRmail me if you want to be added or removed from the Fearless Poll - Freeping Freepers Ping list .
And be sure to ping me to any polls that need Freepin ' , if I miss them .
( looks like a medium volume list ) ( gordongekko909 , founder of the pinglist , stays on the list until his ghost signs up for the list )
by 20 posted onby dynachrome ( Barack Hussein Obama yunikku khinaaziir ! )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
BOSTON
A SPOON show does n’t quite end when the band leaves the stage .
The group may be gone  backstage mingling with friends , greeting family , figuring out where the afterparty will be  but a bit of the members ’ exacting taste lingers , in the songs the audience hears while clearing out .
At most rock concerts this music is chosen by the club management to be as wallpaper - background as possible , impetus just to move along , please .
At Spoon shows it is chosen by Spoon .
And so after a recent show at the Orpheum Theater here , the crowd , still buzzing from the encore , left to the strains of “ The Star - Spangled Banner , ” followed immediately by AC / DC ’s “ Back in Black ”  anthemic to the country , and to rock ’n ’ roll .
And a good fit for Spoon , which started out as an emblem of the indie scene in its hometown , Austin , Tex. , and now , 17 years later , is as expansive and enduring as a flag .
Hanging out backstage after the concert , drinking beer , talking to girls , Britt Daniel , Spoon ’s outsize frontman , guitarist and songwriter , explained his choice of recessional .
It was inspired , he said , by a video he had seen of Bob Dylan performing in Britain ; “ God Save the Queen ” was the soundtrack as he left the stage .
“ I always thought it was cool to play something very official afterward , ” Mr. Daniel said .
His unflinching , classic vision of what is cool has guided the band since its inception .
When Mr. Daniel , now 38 , founded Spoon with the drummer Jim Eno , 43 , they were part of a wave of fuzzed - out post - punk acts that dominated college radio .
Now many of those  the Pixies , Pavement , Guided by Voices  are kaput or working the reunion circuit .
But Spoon has kept calm and carried on ; its seventh studio album , “ Transference , ” is due Jan. 19 from the indie Merge Records .
The group has survived being dropped by a major label , Elektra ; cast changes  the lineup now includes Eric Harvey , 35 , on keyboards and Rob Pope , 31 , on bass  and shifts in the indie scene , from post - punk to the experimentalism of Animal Collective and Dirty Projectors .
Not just survived , succeeded : Spoon ’s last record , “ Ga Ga Ga Ga Ga , ” from 2007 , reached the Top 10 on the Billboard 200 , selling 46,000 copies in its debut week , more than double its previous album and huge for an indie label .
Spoon is an increasingly rare commodity , a career band whose new album is as heavily anticipated as releases from younger blogosphere favorites like Vampire Weekend and Yeasayer .
“ They get put in this indie rock category that I do n’t think they belong in , ” said Scott Geiger , a program director and D.J. at KRBZ , an alternative rock station in Kansas City , Kan .
“ I just think they ’re a really good rock band . ” KRBZ has been playing “ Written in Reverse , ” the first single off “ Transference , ” in heavy rotation alongside older Spoon songs ; Mr. Geiger called the band “ a staple . ”
The lower deck was sweltering hot and reeked of their filth .
I stifled a gag by clutching my throat .
There could be no noise at this point .
My guts trembled and I was soaked in sweat .
I was at the bottom of the ladder , standing rigid , my back tight against the rungs behind me .
My breathing was slow and shallow , as I tried to remain calm and in control .
I could hear them .
I cocked my ear toward the soft rumbling in front of me .
It was a faint noise now , like two animals pacing nervously in a locked cage .
The sound came from halfway down the corridor .
This whole level was engineering and systems support .
The ambient noise made it difficult to hear clearly but the sounds came from the port side , maybe from within the Power Conversion Locker .
I stepped away from the ladder slowly , making a soft shuffle as I dragged my injured ankle behind me .
I moved down toward the noise .
The pry bar was cocked and ready .
The darkness on this level consumed the available space .
There was barely a dim flicker from above that lit the very middle of the flooring .
The sweat on my palms made the pry bar slippery and I stopped once to dry my hands on my clothes and adjust my grip .
Then , just past the entryway to the Power Cells Housing , I heard them again .
The closed and locked hatchway door to the Power Conversion Locker was smeared with blood .
I put my ear to the door .
I could hear noises like padded footsteps pacing the room beyond .
They were in there .
It sounded like two of them , maybe three .
Again , I dried my wet hands on my pants and hoisted the pry bar to my shoulder .
With a free hand , I only began to reach to the hatchway lock , when a weak voice behind me spoke .
“ Do n’t . ”
The unexpected sound was shocking .
Instantly , I raised the pry bar high in the air and spun around to face the voice .
Before I could shout , I heard a loud chirp , followed by a high crackling noise that filled the corridor .
I dropped to the deck in a mangle of useless legs and arms .
The pry bar clattered to the floor .
Every muscle burned and twitched .
I could n’t move .
Alarmed by the sudden noise , there was a great howling and rustling behind the hatchway door .
I was paralyzed , incapable of reacting .
For a while , I lay flat on my back , twitching uncontrollably .
My head was turned away from the hatchway and toward the dark figure of a man hiding in the shadows .
He had been curled up in the corner , across from the hatchway , just behind me , out of sight .
In his outstretched hand was an EMD pistol , the amber charging light barely illuminating his face .
Keeping the pistol aimed at my useless body , he leaned into the dim light of the corridor for a better look .
It was clear that he could scarcely believe what he was seeing .
Neither could I .
Unable to move or control my muscle twitching , I lay there on the floor and stared up at his face .
It was disturbing to look at him , just across from me .
A human , just like me .
He was gaunt and thin and pale .
He was clearly injured , as I could see bruises on his throat , deep scratches in his hands and face .
One of his eyes was blackened .
Dried blood smeared one of his ears and matted the hair on the side of his head .
He held his free arm across his chest , protecting some great wound that had his clothing soaked in dark crimson .
Stains covered his outfit , his hands , and his face .
He was extremely pale .
It was evidence of great blood loss .
His hands shook and his body shivered .
His injuries were clearly life - threatening .
But it was his face that caused me the most alarm .
On that battered and thin frame , was a face I would never fail to recognize .
It was my face .
I was staring at myself .
I swallowed and made a noise in my throat .
“ Why are they after you ? ” he asked .
“ And what do they want with us ? ”
I could do little to reply .
Instead , I made a feeble gesture with my hand across the floor toward him .
He drew away from my reach .
“ If you come at me , I ’ll hit you again with this thing , ” he said , pushing the EMD toward me a bit further .
I gurgled .
My tongue was starting to move around in my mouth a bit .
There was more rattling and howling from behind the door to the Power Conversion Locker .
He gestured with the pistol toward the hatchway door .
“ That ’s the last of them .
I caught them going in , gave them a jolt with this , and locked the door .
I ’ve been here for … I do n’t know how long . ”
“ You , ” I managed to mumble .
He stared at me , his face blank .
“ Who are you ? ”
“ Why , ” he replied .
“ Do n’t I look familiar ? ”
“ Yes , ” I said .
“ We ’re the same . ”
He nodded wearily and then shook his head .
In his eyes , I could see the weight of a great certainty and a terrible realization as well .
He let out a long , exhausted breath , followed by a vicious coughing spell that brought up a great volume of blood that ran over his chin and soaked into his shirt .
He fell back into the darkness of corner and let the EMD drop to the floor .
“ We ’ve been after you for a long time , Maxim . ”
[ Communication sent : 03FEB2186 Shinkai Maru 5 ]
The white guy notices that the peace - loving natives are much cooler than the greedy corporate tools and the bloodthirsty U.S. military types he came over with .
He goes to live with the natives , and , in short order , he ’s the most awesome member of their tribe .
He has sex with their hottest babe .
He learns to jump through the jungle and ride horses .
It turns out that he ’s even got more guts and athletic prowess than they do .
He flies the big red bird that no one in generations has been able to master .
Along the way , he has his consciousness raised .
The peace - loving natives are at one with nature , and even have a fiber - optic cable sticking out of their bodies that they can plug into horses and trees , which is like Horse Whispering without the wireless technology .
Because they are not corrupted by things like literacy , cellphones and blockbuster movies , they have deep and tranquil souls .
The natives help the white guy discover that he , too , has a deep and tranquil soul .
The natives have hot bodies and perfect ecological sensibilities , but they are natural creatures , not history - making ones .
When the military - industrial complex comes in to strip mine their homes , they need a White Messiah to lead and inspire the defense .
Our hero leaps in , with the help of a pack of dinosaurs summoned by Mother Earth .
As he and his fellow freedom fighters kill wave after wave of Marines or former Marines or whatever they are , he achieves the ultimate prize :
He is accepted by the natives and can spend the rest of his life in their excellent culture .
Cameron ’s handling of the White Messiah fable is not the reason “ Avatar ” is such a huge global hit .
As John Podhoretz wrote in The Weekly Standard , “ Cameron has simply used these familiar bromides as shorthand to give his special - effects spectacular some resonance . ”
The plotline gives global audiences a chance to see American troops get killed .
It offers useful hooks on which McDonald ’s and other corporations can hang their tie - in campaigns .
Still , would it be totally annoying to point out that the whole White Messiah fable , especially as Cameron applies it , is kind of offensive ?
Brits annoyed with consumerism of Valentine ’s Day
Brits are fed up with the consumerism and money concerns that have invaded Valentine ’s Day , a day that should be about celebrating love .
Research by moneysupermarket.com found nearly a fifth ( 17 % ) of Brits are planning not to bother with Valentine ’s Day because they do n’t like the idea of it .
“ The anti-Valentine vibe is definitely in the air this year , ” said Mike Wilson , moneysupermarket.com spokesperson .
Many of those questioned by moneysupermarket.com are planning to save money on Valentine ’s cards by sending a text , email or Facebook message instead .
Sixteen percent of those planning to send a Valentine ’s message this year said they ’re likely to do so using cheap , hi-tech means rather than a traditional card .
“ The days of the traditional Valentine ’s card may be numbered , ” Wilson said .
“ Sending a text , email or Facebook message makes for an easy way to tell someone you like them . ”
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
well , we ARE a little bit on the overcrowded side ...
From the
( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:42 , archived ) From the Corporate Greenwash challenge .
See all 125 entries ( closed ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:42 ,
Kids were left disappointed when Keith Harris forgot to bring Orville to the birthday party .
( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:43 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:43 ,
Hahaha
* grins * ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 14:07 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 14:07 ,
good old tobacco
cures everything including cancer .
( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:43 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:43 ,
Damn Straight
* puffs * ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 16:49 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 16:49 ,
haha !
( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:45 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:45 ,
i am intrigued by your sig
how ?
did you get a divorce ?
( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:48 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:48 ,
no
i had surgery ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:52 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:52 ,
it must be crazy , losing half your body weight in that time !
did you got through a transitional period where you'd go to stand up using the normal amount of force required , and accidentally jump in the air and go ' OOooh ! ' ? ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:55 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:55 ,
Hahahahaha
" Wheeeeee ! " ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 14:13 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 14:13 ,
how do you get to 29st ?
seriously that must be expensive !
( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 22:36 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 22:36 ,
WINNAR !
Bloody non-smokers - worthy twunts .
( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:53 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 13:53 ,
Hahaha
Genuine lol ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 22:43 , archived ) ( , Thu 11 Feb 2010 , 22:43 ,
Word .
( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 2:25 , archived ) ( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 2:25 ,
To kerb population problems
we need to reduce the global population by 350,000 people per day !
Which means even with the whole Haiti earthquake thing the worlds population still increased by 150,000 that day .
I read an interesting science paper by a Dr in Texas who recommended and proposed the use of an airbourne strain of ebola to reduce global population by 90 % ! ( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 10:43 , archived ) ( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 10:43 ,
that was a tom clancy book was n't it ?
( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 15:33 , archived ) ( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 15:33 ,
teh AIDS
Conspiracy theories abound that HIV was created as a population control method .
I would like to see a graph of the actual population of Africa vs the projected population if it was all AIDSY free .
Don your tin foil hat and read on archived ) ( , Mon 15 Feb 2010 , 21:45 ,
surely that means that in order to die you need to smoke 1.4 tonnes of tobacco ?
What have we all been worried about ?
pass me the Marlboros ! ( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 12:47 , archived ) ( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 12:47 ,
least this guys on our side
* lights up * ( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 16:37 , archived ) ( , Fri 12 Feb 2010 , 16:37 ,
This week , Apple prohibited its app developers from using an iPhone 's GPS to determine which ads to show users .
From an advertiser standpoint , such a capability could be great : ads targeted by location can be a lot more effective -- and lucrative .
From an iPhone owner standpoint , I 'm not sure I see the harm .
What 's Apple 's goal in preventing app developers from utilizing device locations ?
First , it 's easy to see why advertisers would find it so useful to know location .
For example , if you sell skis , would you pay more if your ad was shown to a user in Miami or Aspen ?
Easy answer .
It would also allow smaller , local companies to cash in on mobile apps more effectively .
If a restaurant chain does n't have any locations in Texas , why is it paying for its ads to be shown to people living there ?
So why wo n't Apple allow that ?
Is the company worried about users not wanting advertisers to know their location ?
Perhaps .
But there 's also speculation that Apple might just want all that location - based ad revenue for itself .
AppleInsider writes :
Apple 's newly publicized policy on GPS data usage has led to some speculation that the company could retain location - aware advertising for its own , giving the iPhone maker a significant advantage over competitors like AdMob and Google .
However , Apple has yet to formally roll out its own integrated advertising solutions , so whether location - based targeted ads would be a part of the network is unknown .
If this is n't a profit - play by Apple , and the company really does just want to make its customers happy , then I think a different policy would actually serve them better -- why not give iPhone users the option of whether they want to allow ads to know their location ?
It 's already the case that when an application wants to use my GPS , it asks my permission .
Do the same if an app wants to use my location for ads .
If an app is going to bother showing me ads , I 'd actually prefer it display those which I might actually be interested in , and location could help achieve that end .
But if someone else does n't , she can just tap " Do n't Allow . "
Since that 's clearly the more reasonable strategy from a customer satisfaction standpoint , I would n't be surprised if the theory that AppleInsider notes above turns out to be right .
If Apple was n't sure if users would want ads based on location , then it would make a lot more sense to simply ask them , rather than to just deny such ads altogether .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Third Day challenges fans to come together for Haiti
Knowing that in a disaster , time and resources are of the utmost importance , Essential Records recording artist Third Day is stepping up to speed aid to the people of the earthquake - ravaged island nation of Haiti , and members of the band are challenging its fans to do the same .
Third Day has made a $ 20,000 ( £ 12,000 ) donation out of its Come Together Fund to World Vision 's Haiti Earthquake Relief Fund , established immediately following the devastating 7.0 - magnitude earthquake that struck on Tuesday .
In an open letter signed by all four members of the band and available on ThirdDay.com , Third Day praises the ongoing work done by World Vision , and encourages its fans to give to the charitable organisation 's work in dealing with this specific humanitarian crisis .
" We have seen firsthand the amazing work that World Vision does around the world , " the letter reads .
" They are first call responders to these kind of disasters , and will immediately maximise our dollars to care for those suffering in this difficult time . "
" We would like our donation to serve as a challenge .
We invite you , as Third Day fans and a community of believers , to match our donation to help our brothers and sisters suffering in Haiti today , " the letter continues .
" We hope that you will keep the people of Haiti in your prayers , but we also hope that you will be part of God 's answer to their prayers as well . "
Fans interested in donating to the World Vision 's Haiti Earthquake Relief Fund can do so through the band 's website at www.ThirdDay.com or through World Vision 's website at www.worldvision.org.
You knew it would only take awhile before imitations of the Super Bowl Google search commercial would come out .
The comedic potential for these is limitless .
Especially for politicians .
How about the Sarah Palin story as told through Google search ?
The creators of this very funny video ( see below ) begin the Palin saga asking the search engine where to get used snowmachine parts and takes us all the way up to last weekend 's Tea Party convention .
Funny stuff .
Enjoy .
-------------
And follow us on Twitter , while you 're at it !
Online transactions with credit cards or debit cards are increasingly verified using the 3D Secure system , which is branded as “ Verified by VISA ” and “ MasterCard SecureCode ” .
This is now the most widely - used single sign - on scheme ever , with over 200 million cardholders registered .
It ’s getting hard to shop online without being forced to use it .
In a paper I ’m presenting today at Financial Cryptography , Steven Murdoch and I analyse 3D Secure .
From the engineering point of view , it does just about everything wrong , and it ’s becoming a fat target for phishing .
So why did it succeed in the marketplace ?
Quite simply , it has strong incentives for adoption .
Merchants who use it push liability for fraud back to banks , who in turn push it on to cardholders .
Properly designed single sign - on systems , like OpenID and InfoCard , ca n’t offer anything like this .
So this is yet another case where security economics trumps security engineering , but in a predatory way that leaves cardholders less secure .
We conclude with a suggestion on what bank regulators might do to fix the problem .
Update ( 2010-01 - 27 ) :
There has been some follow - up media coverage
Update ( 2010-01 - 28 ) : The New Scientist also has the story , as has Ars Technica .
The pilot came in way to high and should have been waved off a long way before crossing the deck .
He must have thought he was going to land in front of the flight deck and get run over by the carrier so soiled his pants and pulled back too much on the stick .
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : Obama 's 85 - minute Q&A at GOP ' Retreat ' "
( 31 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 1/29/2010 @ 3:27 pm PT ...
apparently Obama shoul have done this in Sept ..I remember independent / conservative people telling me how impressed they were with Hill in the way she went toe to toe with folks in Pakistan .
Apparently being seen sticking up for ideas without being hostile or engaging in personal attacks is a good thing .
I remember Tony Blair promoting Iraq war to parliament ... he almost had me convinced sometimes ...( not really , but he was good .. and the setting seemed to work . )
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 1/29/2010 @ 3:39 pm PT ...
Also - to all the GOP trolls out there , I do believe he had no teleprompter when answering questions , and audience was not hand picked by DNC or Obama admin
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 1/29/2010 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
" The fact is that many of you , if you voted with the administration on something , are politically vulnerable with your own base in your own party .
You 've given yourselves very little room to work in a bipartisan fashion because what you 've told your constituents is this guy is doing all kinds of crazy stuff that 's gonna destroy America . "
I could n't agree with the President more .
This has become the biggest problem with Congress
The Us Vs Them attitude !
Just look how they attacked Senator Snow ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 1/29/2010 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
Before I get slammed .
I do believe the biggest problem with Congress is the Corporate influence in most bills ...
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/29/2010 @ 5:54 pm PT ...
I would have loved to see the President come in to the " retreat " with a t - shirt on that said " this machine kills fascists " but we got what we got ... not too damn bad .
Could be worse .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHvazndll8M
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/29/2010 @ 6:24 pm PT ...
all talk so far .
until the decider visits at least the hague and the squid squirts back some of our own cash back at us , it 's all pretty talk .
even jesse ventura sounds like he's on the side of honest humans while he says idiotic hyperbolic crap about the truth that make honest humans sound extreme fringe .
hell next thing ya know al - cia - duh ( al qaeda ) will have osama running public service announcements ( psy- ops ) with accurate and factual analysis on the environment and the economy making the truth sound like something only terrorists believe .
oh wait that happened today too .
Hmm . think there 's any correlation between the temperature in hell , OBusha 's sudden conversion to honest political stances and the CIA 's boogeyman 's sudden accuracy ?
Least they could do when playing us so beautifully is crank up some Fleetwood Mac the way Bill and HIll did in ' 92 .
Do n't .......... stop ........... thinkin bout tomorrow ..............
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/29/2010 @ 6:32 pm PT ...
Yeah , I laugh when OBL comes out with his evil liberal talking points , almost like Cheney is pulling those strings yet
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 1/29/2010 @ 7:25 pm PT ...
trolls , where are the trolls
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 1/29/2010 @ 8:52 pm PT ...
This is interesting :
All 3 news networks had the coverage LIVE , but FOX " news " cut away early , take a look : http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/3036677/#35153362
It 's at the point where I question whether FOX " news " even cares or knows that everyone knows what they 're doing .
I think slowly people are realizing what they 're doing because of it being pointed out as never before .
Do n't forget , if you point this out , you 're somehow a liberal or you 're biased or you 're an elitist or you just somehow should n't be pointing this out ... according to those who do n't want this pointed out .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Kevin Andrews said on 1/29/2010 @ 10:06 pm PT ...
The Republican Theocrats will have their panties in a wad over this all the way to the election .
I feel like President Obama is finally doing what he should 've done months and months ago in take point , being a leader .
We cannot allow the lies to continue and the Republicans are coming to understand that this man will box them into a corner they can't get out of .
The truth wins out now and always .
http://activecitizen54.wordpress.com/
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 1/29/2010 @ 10:34 pm PT ...
fox cut away because they dont want the peops watching to see the truth about things ... i esp liked when the pres talked about " vouchers " for medicare because it exposes the gop for what they r.. the party of bad ideas
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 1/30/2010 @ 1:44 am PT ...
Karen at # 8 , why incite the trolls ?
Next thing you know , we 'll be hearing about Obama 's complicity in the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 1/30/2010 @ 4:57 am PT ...
Jon , not trying to incite , actually , noted the lack of them ... seems their factually incorrect things they typically sling have been taken from them ... if someone wants to make really far fetched unprovable claims , fine , we can ignore them , but the constant drum beat of racist slurs about Obama 's supposed stupidity have hopefully stopped .
Although I noticed the some Repubs there said the " prez stuck to his talking points and did n't answer the questions " ... I guess if knowing everything about everything and presenting your honest policy ideas vs theirs and stating a well thought out alternate reads of the facts and data that countered their assertions is sticking to talking points and answering questions ... so be it .
And I guess they are rapping him on arrogance , and his only moment of humility was admitted not all the healthcare negotiations were on Cspan ( even tho there was more watch of Congress on the HCR bill than ever ) ... well if that was his only moment of humility , it is more humility than Bush ever showed .
If Obama shows diplomacy and willingness to work with you , they smell weakness and fry him in scorched earth policy , if he shows some civil fight and spine , they say he is arrogant .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Brook said on 1/30/2010 @ 7:06 am PT ...
Obama 's handling of tax questions is laughable .
As i've pointed out before here , if you 've never run your own business with employees , you do n't appreciate how the double taxation of profits is killing jobs in this country .
Cutting the corporate rate even by just 10 % would be a huge boost .
Obama is smart like college professors are smart --- that does n't mean he is wise or that he has any common sense .
At the end of the day , which would you rather have --- an articulate Prez that can't get anything done or a less theatrical , less self - centered one that figures out how to get what he wants out of Congress ?
This guy can't even get a super - majority of his own party to vote with him .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/30/2010 @ 7:42 am PT ...
The only idea any Puke ever had was presented to them as a talking point somewhere along the way .
There is n't an original thought amongst them otherwise
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 1/30/2010 @ 10:39 am PT ...
@ Karen - no trolls because FOX cut away , Malkin is n't linking to Brad with intent to ambush , and the GOP is regretting they ever bothered to air this .
No trolls = facts contrary to the propaganda that must be roundly ignored OR
No trolls = no talking points distributed to the raging , frothy , willfully ignorant masses .
I 'm pretty sure if you ask a Teatard , they will suggest this presser never happened .
See Brook making the same tired tax argument one more that I 'm pretty sure was given a sound thrashing in the last thread ; once again insinuating that uninformed action is better than informed deliberation .
While I happen to agree that the lack of action on Obama 's part is infuriating , I do n't buy the argument that dumber is better .
Sorry , Brook .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Brook said on 1/30/2010 @ 12:01 pm PT ...
Actually , no Jeanine , there was no rebuttal to my argument that cutting corporate taxes will allow me to hire another employee .
The response was that i simply have a moral obligation to pay taxes .
I suppose so that Nancy Pelosi can fly around on her new corporate jet and drink cognac at a cost to the taxpayers of $ 120,000 per trip .
Given that i already pay 50 % of my income in taxes , one wonders what progressives consider fair ?
Liberals simply cannot make the case that paying more taxes gives us better education or roads etc .
If that were the case CA would have the best education system in the nation .
What it seems to buy us is a more corrupt , arrogant , and out of touch federal government .
However , Jeanine , this is America and if you want to pay higher taxes to the government --- no one is stopping you .
Be my guest .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/30/2010 @ 12:52 pm PT ...
Brook :
First , thanks again for demonstrating that you and your fellow Tea Baggers are not " independents " fighting for the Constitution , but rather , Republican sore losers framing your rage against being out of power in some Quixotic claim to be fighting for " freedom " , " liberty " and the Constitution .
You , like them , are as phony in that regard as , say , a highly - doctored , illicitly captured hoax video tape hoping to frame ACORN for something they never did .
You wrote :
At the end of the day , which would you rather have --- an articulate Prez that can't get anything done or a less theatrical , less self - centered one that figures out how to get what he wants out of Congress ?
If " what he wants out of Congress " is what Bush wanted , and received , then I 'll take the articulate Prez that can't get anything done , thanks .
At least it 's less damaging to the Constitution and the very Rights and Freedoms that you and the Tea Baggers have convinced yourself ( actually , been convinced by GOP operatives ) that you believe in , even though Bush and the Republican Congress ( with help from the Dems ) stripped us all of so many of those freedoms in an unprecedented fashion over the last decaded .
As i've pointed out before here , if you 've never run your own business with employees , you do n't appreciate how the double taxation of profits is killing jobs in this country .
Cutting the corporate rate even by just 10 % would be a huge boost .
Funny , but Bush 's draconian tax cuts for corporations did n't really seem to be a " huge boost " to anything , did they ?
They resulted in record job loss , and no rise in wages for the middle class , especially measured against inflation , and especially measured against the unprecedented rise in corporate profits !
( For the same corporations who received their huge tax cuts --- go figure ! )
The 12 % , or so , tax rate that most corporations pay ( those who pay any , at any rate ) , is already just about the lowest in the entire developed world .
And , at that rate , they continue to be rewarded for moving off - shore , and out - sourcing their jobs to other countries in the bargain .
Those corporations have told you and middle - class America to fuck off .
Oddly , you say , " Thank you , may I have another ? "
Furthermore , Obama has already cut taxes for small businesses , but you continue to complain nonetheless .
But here 's the good news , that I 'd thought you'd have applauded , rather than try to bury ( proving yet again you 're not an " independent " anything ) , from Obama 's comments to the GOP " retreat " yesterday .
He said : " So , today , in line with what I stated at the State of the Union , I 've proposed a new jobs tax credit for small business .
And here 's how it would work .
Employers would get a tax credit of up to $ 5,000 for every employee they add in 2010 .
They'd get a tax break for increases in wages , as well .
So , if you raise wages for employees making under $ 100,000 , we 'd refund part of your payroll tax for every dollar you increase those wages faster than inflation .
It 's a simple concept .
It 's easy to understand .
It would cut taxes for more than 1 million small businesses . "
And yet , you come up with some nonsense to attack him nonetheless .
Go figure .
Have another cup of tea , Brook .
Finally , you wrote most embarrassingly : Given that i already pay 50 % of my income in taxes , one wonders what progressives consider fair ?
Then you are either a dope , or a liar .
Nobody pays 50 % of their income taxes in this country .
So , fire your tax man , or your propaganda supplier , Brook .
You 're getting ripped off either way .
Take your disinformation elsewhere , please .
It 's pathetic , and harming this country , not to mention sullying this blog .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 1/30/2010 @ 3:49 pm PT ...
Brook at # 17 said : Liberals simply cannot make the case that paying more taxes gives us better education or roads etc .
If that were the case CA would have the best education system in the nation .
What it seems to buy us is a more corrupt , arrogant , and out of touch federal government .
So you are claiming that high state taxes in California create a more corrupt federal government .
Sorry , Ross Perot is gonna have to show me a flip chart before I believe that one .
In your trenchantly cynical view of the world , is there any way to make roads and schools better ?
Brad at # 18 , as much as I hate to make a point for Brook , I think you misread one thing .
She ( ? ) said that she pays half of her income in taxes , not that she pays half in federal income tax .
It could be that she makes very little and buys a lot of cigarettes .
Or , she could be in the 35 % federal tax bracket and living in California , where a person making over a million dollars a year pays 10.3 % income tax .
Add in a sales tax sometimes over 10 % and things like payroll tax , corporate tax and property taxes , and it 's possible Brook really is paying over 50 % of her income in taxes .
Of course , all of those taxes controlled federally have been trending downward , but I 'm sure that wo n't stop her from complaining .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... markg8 said on 1/30/2010 @ 5:22 pm PT ...
Get everybody you know to watch this , especially indies , at least the excerpts but it 's all good .
He mops the floor with them on so many levels .
This will set the stage for November .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/30/2010 @ 10:01 pm PT ...
that 's really all we 've been seeing since 1/09 .
Stage setting for 11/10 .
What harder to see ( except here - Thank you Brad ) is OBusha reinstating the neoliberal policies that propped up vampires like Pinochet .
Given the legislating out of our constitutional rights ( as though they were privaleges or gifts from our political / military leaders ) by the current and last administrations , one might wonder how soon Kissinger , Brzenski and all of Rockefellow 's Trilateral Commission pals are planning on imposing a Pinochet on us all right here at home .
It is nice to see the neocons get handed their clearly labeled and undeniable lies for once .
utter amazement at the fact that they 'll still deny them .
sarcasm .
It 'd sure be nicer if it were progressives doing the handing instead of neolibs who are ramming lies of their own down our collective throat .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/31/2010 @ 9:36 am PT ...
Although it was good to see obama illuminate r's on their empty rhetoric , until the doj stops covering up crimes of the past admin and his backing down to the israelis on this situation :
http://www.opednews.com/...kframe.php?linkid=106020
I 'm not impressed when facts are not applied to , or allowed to be seen by the public in all issues .
Yeah , you can add voting systems , single payer , and the fed to the pile too .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Brook said on 1/31/2010 @ 12:38 pm PT ...
Brad is getting dangerously close to exposing himself as radical fringe .
Please do us a favor and educate yourself about corporate taxes .
I 'm taxed on corporate profits --- then the individual salary i receive .
That is double taxation .
Obama 's offering 5 K for one year to hire a new employee .
LOL , only a progressive would consider that an incentive .
Unlike Brad , I have a calculator that works in my office , and I 've added up the local , state , federal , FICA , sales , property , utility and every other hidden tax buried in hotel and car rental bills and I come up with 50 % of my income in taxes as a middle - class wage earner .
Higher income brackets are i'm sure kicking in 60 % or more .
So , again I ask the progressive movement to define a fair tax rate in this country .
If 50 % is n't enough --- how much higher do we go ?
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Brook said on 1/31/2010 @ 12:47 pm PT ...
Jon # 19 --- as you say i am complaining .
3 of the 4 governments i pay taxes to are deep in debt , so the issue is really extreme outrage about the mismanagement of taxes we are forced to pay .
When you read about a Dept of Education paying for offices in France , you understand how out of control this government is , and the absolute contempt they have for our tax dollars and us .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/31/2010 @ 2:34 pm PT ...
Hey Brook , if you are a middle class bussiness owner I think obama gave you a tax cut , and your anger would be better directed after reading this article : http://www.truthout.org/...ns-dont-pay-income-taxes
And really , liberals do n't like how taxes are spent by the government either , but probably for different reasons ... like over 44 % on the military 's perpetual war effort .
http://www.globalissues....udgetvsotherUSpriorities
But who knows , maybe your sufficiently informed or sincerely christian enough to not like that fact either .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Igor Marxomarxovich said on 1/31/2010 @ 4:39 pm PT ...
Obama qualifications to reform health care :
No birth certificate Can not stop smoking Difficulty telling the truth .
Narcissistic personality disorder
Therefore , I Igor produce Obama Birth Certificate at www.igormaro.org
Compare Obama Care vs Igor Care at Igor Care vs Obama care
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... karenfromillinois said on 1/31/2010 @ 4:52 pm PT ...
brook said ,
I 'm taxed on corporate profits --- then the individual salary i receive .
That is double taxation .
your salary is an expense so u do not pay taxes on it thru your corp ... thats why u have to pay ind income taxes ... i do agree the govt in general wastes a ton of money tho but i suspect my examples of waste would look different than yours for example when the police have enough man power to find 6 pot plants in a 1000 acre field , thats a waste what do you think of bush stripping our manufacturing base so that small businesses have no consumers ... because no business can profit w/o customers with disposable income
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 1/31/2010 @ 5:40 pm PT ...
Brook , you 're illustrating one of the great cognitive self - contradictions of the political world in the last thirty years .
Your premises are that governments are in debt , and governments are wasteful .
But then your conclusion is that the federal government needs to lower taxes .
It 's simply not logical .
Not only does the conclusion not follow from the premises , it 's actually contrary to both .
Cutting taxes now will only create a greater tax burden in the future , and it's therefore wasteful and irresponsible .
There 's also the issue of who 's taxing you , which I got after in my last post .
You list " local , state , federal , FICA , sales , property , utility and every other hidden tax buried in hotel and car rental bills , " but only two of those -- federal and FICA -- are taxes Obama could lay a finger on .
The rest are not federal taxes , and many of them are directly voted on by the taxpayers .
Obama has lowered federal taxes , and yet you somehow see fit to continually accuse him of inaction .
Speaking of Obama cutting taxes , you first said that cutting the corporate tax rate by 10 % would be a " huge boost " , suggesting that it would allow you to hire another employee .
But then you skoffed at the idea of a $ 5000 credit for hiring another employee .
In order to reconcile those two positions , we have to reason that that single employee would bring your company more than $ 50,000 in profit this year .
If that is the case , what business are you in ?
I want to be in it , too .
Also -- and I hope this is n't needlessly antagonistic to say - - you 're a bit contradictory in your comments .
Are you a salaried owner of a corporation , or are you a " middle - class wage - earner " ?
( And I did n't think money paid out in payroll actually was hit with the corporate tax , since it 's not profit .
I could be misremembering , though ; it 's been a while since I needed a head for such matters . )
Your leap to blaming liberals and progressives is just astounding .
As a true fiscal conservative -- i.e. , someone who believes in balancing budgets , not cutting taxes without heed of consequences -- I can point you directly to the source of America 's current deficit disaster : the Reagan Devolution and the short - sighted neocon sloganeering it spawned .
Reagan cut taxes and increased military spending , and he tripled the deficit .
It got so bad so quickly that he had to turn around and raise taxes the next year . . . in the middle of a recession .
It was the largest tax hike in history as a percentage of GDP , but still the deficit damage was done .
Move forward a few years , some good conservative had balanced the federal budget , and then li'l Bush squirted into office .
And he cut taxes and increased military spending , and the deficit soared yet again .
Shocker , I know .
( To be fair to Reagan , Eisenhower had also cut taxes and raised military spending , and the deficit had climbed , so maybe he was the one who really started the trend . )
So , in other words , government debt and government inefficiency and even " high " taxes are all perfectly good things to complain about , but you are so intent on liberal bashing and playing Pin the Debt on the Donkey ( to steal a joke from Maddow ) that you 're ignoring the realities of fiscal policy and the historical facts of of our financial debacle .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Alex Grogan said on 2/1/2010 @ 8:43 am PT ...
No shit - I cannot believe all the morons here who are incapable of separating the rhetoric from the action .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 2/1/2010 @ 3:22 pm PT ...
@ Brad # 18 - nice reply .... you should get a blog ... you are good at this .... and at Brook - look at our tax structure in the 50s and 60s ( high high upper income tax brackets , most corporations actually paid taxes back then , did not get tax break for offshoring , flat incomes ) and the economic health of the middle class at the time ... remember , this was a time when a guy with a HS education who showed up to a manufacturing job everyday could be the sole bread winner for a family of four , easily afford a house , a car , save etc . .
If taxes were so bad and so crushing to economic growth the 50s and 60s in US should have NEVER happened ... but they did .
Because of the " socialist " things FDR put in place in the 30s and the massive unionizing that went on in the bear market , in the 50s and 60s we had the must regulations on business and banks ... remember when even airlines were regulated ... we had the highest taxes and the flattest incomes ( CEO , management , and lowest worker were much much closer in incomes , janitors , line workers , chemists , and CFOs all lived in the same neighborhoods ) .
Things are not as simple as you have been told , look at other countries , what they pay in taxes , what they get back , look in the history of US , before you rely on tired , refried talking points .
Bush lowered taxes immensely in 2000 - 2006 period for the rich , even while we were fighting two wars ... did that lead to any prosperity ... the only thing that did well was housing due to FEDs way low rates in 2003 - 2004 but you Repubs got exactly what you wanted with Repub congress and Repub prez from 2000 - 2006 .... maybe you forget ... it was a FAILED expirement ... so now you want to rush back to that ... I 'd perfer to try some else that has proven to work : the US in 1950 and 1960s
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Henry Massingale said on 2/9/2010 @ 4:26 am PT ...
A new University of California , Davis , study by a top ecological forecaster says it is harder than experts thought to predict when sudden shifts in Earth 's natural systems will occur -- a worrisome finding for scientists trying to identify the tipping points that could push climate change into an irreparable global disaster .
" Many scientists are looking for the warning signs that herald sudden changes in natural systems , in hopes of forestalling those changes , or improving our preparations for them , " said UC Davis theoretical ecologist Alan Hastings .
" Our new study found , unfortunately , that regime shifts with potentially large consequences can happen without warning — systems can ‘ tip ’ precipitously .
" This means that some effects of global climate change on ecosystems can be seen only once the effects are dramatic .
By that point returning the system to a desirable state will be difficult , if not impossible . "
The current study focuses on models from ecology , but its findings may be applicable to other complex systems , especially ones involving human dynamics such as harvesting of fish stocks or financial markets .
Hastings , a professor in the UC Davis Department of Environmental Science and Policy , is one of the world 's top experts in using mathematical models ( sets of equations ) to understand natural systems .
His current studies range from researching the dynamics of salmon and cod populations to modeling plant and animal species ' response to global climate change .
In 2006 , Hastings received the Robert H. MacArthur Award , the highest honor given by the Ecological Society of America .
Hastings ' collaborator and co-author on the new study , Derin Wysham , was previously a postdoctoral scholar at UC Davis and is now a research scientist in the Department of Computational and Systems Biology at the John Innes Center in Norwich , England .
Scientists widely agree that global climate change is already causing major environmental effects , such as changes in the frequency and intensity of precipitation , droughts , heat waves and wildfires ; rising sea level ; water shortages in arid regions ; new and larger pest outbreaks afflicting crops and forests ; and expanding ranges for tropical pathogens that cause human illness .
And they fear that worse is in store .
As U.S. presidential science adviser John Holdren ( not an author of the new UC Davis study ) recently told a congressional committee : " Climate scientists worry about ' tipping points ' ... thresholds beyond which a small additional increase in average temperature or some associated climate variable results in major changes to the affected system . "
Among the tipping points Holdren listed were : the complete disappearance of Arctic sea ice in summer , leading to drastic changes in ocean circulation and climate patterns across the whole Northern Hemisphere ; acceleration of ice loss from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets , driving rates of sea - level increase to 6 feet or more per century ; and ocean acidification from carbon dioxide absorption , causing massive disruption in ocean food webs .
The new UC Davis study was supported by the Advancing Theory in Biology program at the U.S. National Science Foundation .
Op - Ed Contributors
Is Western press a pawn or truly free ?
By Bi Yantao ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-02-10 07:49
Freedom of the press has played an essential role in Western history .
In the war against feudalism , the emerging bourgeois used press freedom as a weapon to fight censorship ; in their global expansion , Western powers made use of it as an effective tool to project power .
Looking back at history , John Milton , the great English poet and political scholar , was the first man who gave a clear definition of freedom of the press .
When he published a pamphlet on divorce , he had , in fact , broken the Licensing Order of 1643 , which instituted pre-publication censorship .
Therefore , he was asked to come to congress for an inquiry , and that was how the world famous Areopagitica was published .
In his work , Milton argued forcefully against this form of government censorship and parodied the idea , writing " when as debtors and delinquents may walk abroad without a keeper , but unoffensive books must not stir forth without a visible jailer in their title " .
Although at the time it did little to halt the practice of licensing , it would be viewed later a significant milestone as one of the most eloquent defenses of press freedom .
In this renowned defense , Milton declared freedom of the press as God 's will , and thus a basic right of the citizen .
Of course , the glorious poet was called upon to act as a press censor himself in 1651 .
But his ideal was far - reaching .
The basic purpose of Milton 's press freedom was to defend individual rights .
With contributions from writers and thinkers , arguments for press freedom became a guiding principle during both the American and the French revolutions .
In 1776 , the Virginia Declaration of Rights listed the essence of press freedom clearly in its text :
The freedom of the press is one of the greatest bulwarks of liberty and can never be restrained but by despotic governments .
However , in reality , they have the gate - keeping theory in communication , which says all information that enters the social net is always filtered so that it wo n't harm the gate - keeper 's interests .
The history of being deprived of press freedom had left a deep impression upon the emerging capitalist class .
That was why they listed press freedom as one of the fundamental principles while designing their own state system .
After centuries of development , freedom of the press has become an indispensable part of Western democracy today , and also an essential pillar of the Western political system .
No power , individual or group , dares to pose any challenge to the sacred concepts of democracy and liberty in Western nations .
That 's part of the reason why Western politicians try their best to make themselves look like guardians of democracy and liberty while they have to control the press as well .
The key point is they are sophisticated at dealing with the press .
Instead of interfering with media outlets directly , the politicians control the press by only providing the information they want the public to know .
Thanks to the efforts of political consultants and spin doctors , such measures have become so sophisticated that they can be employed perfectly .
Shan Renping , a media commentator in China , described Western press freedom perfectly :
The so - called freedom of the press is limited only to their shared value system , and serves the interests of mainstream Western society .
Whenever other interest groups are involved , the mask of freedom will drop , revealing the face of a tyrant .
His words deserve our attention .
Western scholars are also making important contributions to the study of that press freedom .
Susan L. Carruthers , a British scholar , reached a conclusion :
Like the state and its enemy , media on both sides have also become rivals in her book The Media at War : Communication and Conflict in the Twentieth Century .
A British political philosopher has pointed out that most wars in the modern age are fought through the media .
John Dulles , the former US secretary of state , also said it was nonsense that there could be those who do not believe in the power of propaganda and moral pressure .
And Bill Clinton , the former US president , was more direct in expressing the same opinion .
Two other political scholars , Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri , have described in their co-written book , Empire : " The basic hypothesis is that sovereignty has taken a new form , composed of a series of national and supranational organisms united under a single logic of rule .
This new global form of sovereignty is what we call Empire " .
They counted the communication system as one of the three pillars supporting the regime , while the other two are military and finance .
An important question can be raised from their statement :
How can media outlets remain objective and fair while they are employed as tools for national strategy ?
The world - renowned linguistic , Noam Chomsky , has written a book , Hegemony or Survival : America 's Quest for Global Dominance , in which he said the US government had an " imperial grand strategy " for more than half a century .
Several international observers have also criticized US diplomacy as finding excuses for interference and intrusions in the affairs of other nations .
From " a war to end all wars " to " anti-terrorism " , so many beautiful reasons have become excuses for US global strategy .
And British journalist John Kampfner says in his new book , Freedom For Sale , that democracy , liberty and capitalism rely heavily upon each other .
A silent compact exists between regimes and the people :
As long as the people do not challenge the social order by resistance , the regime will let them stay in peace .
The same rule applies to the media .
Sadly , the same rule also applies to international affairs .
Therefore , two new functions have been granted to press freedom : Being employed by media outlets to resist governmental news blackouts , and serving as an effective strategy to polish their image .
In order to preserve global hegemony , certain Western powers are trying their best to consolidate soft power .
At this time , when such glittering phrases like " war against terror " and " democracy and liberty " render service to national interests , media outlets are also facing the danger of becoming strategic tools .
Classical theories that explain this transformation of role are hard to come by , and post - modernists are resorting to the belief that " there is no absolute truth " .
Therefore let 's pay our tributes to the media professionals who are defending professional ethics .
They are the last guardians of the tradition of honor .
The author is director of the Center for Communication Studies , Hainan University ; and also director of the Communication Research Center of Sanlue Institute , a think tank based in Beijing .
( China Daily 02/10/2010 page9 )
Earlier today , someone leaked a series of videos documenting never - before - made - public conversations among the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles ( the second - highest governing body in the Mormon Church ) .
The discussions took place between 2008 and 2011 .
The videos uploaded by Mormon Leaks ( who is not the person who leaked additional internal documents a couple of weeks ago ) show the leaders discussing how everything from marijuana policy to marriage statistics to the 2008 elections could affect the Mormon Church .
So what do we learn ?
In short , these leaders live in a complete bubble , see every controversy or tragedy as a new opportunity to win converts , and have a relationship with sitting U.S. politicians that is far too cozy for comfort .
While more revelations may come out soon , here ’s a brief look at just two of the videos .
One of them is all about the WikiLeaks scandal and Chelsea Manning and how the Mormons must prevent security breaches in the Church .
Which is extremely ironic given what just happened today …
After the presentation is over , the only questions from the Quorum seem to be about the sexual orientations of Manning and Julian Assange .
Like Elder Dallin
Oaks ‘s statement about Manning :
… I ’m suspicious that the news media cover up anything involving homosexuals when it would work to the disadvantage of the homosexual agenda .
In another video with then - U.S. Senator Gordon Smith ( R - OR ) , who is a Mormon himself , the politician shares a number of jaw - dropping statements with the Quorum .
And it begins with an introduction in which Smith ’s staff is described as “ Church broke ” — like a housebroken dog .
The person introducing the senator adds that Smith ’s legislative director recently called him on the phone to ask , “ What are we supposed to be doing ? ” as if they take direct instruction from Church leaders instead of their constituents .
Then Smith begins to speak :
13:30 :
… I know and have been a critic of the Iraq War , but I also admit to you I voted for it because I felt the Lord ’s hand in it .
I hope it works out , but I can promise you this : you ’ll never send missionaries to the Arab street until the rule of law exists in Arabia , and it has taken root in Iraq .
And ultimately , I think that if that succeeds , there will be an opportunity to begin building the Church in the Middle East , which is a deeply troubled place .
21:17 :
… You will never please [ the homosexual community ] .
You ca n’t win the argument with them , because , ultimately , what they want is the secular sanctification of their relationships in law .
The problem with that is that marriage is an ideal … that teaches the public that there is an enduring value to the foundational organization of a mother and a father and a boy and a girl and a dog and a cat and a house .
When we mix that up and confuse that message , societies that I have observed , particularly in Europe who change this law , they fundamentally change the incentives and relationship to marrying and building a home .
So while I have made friends among the gay and lesbian community , they turned from me when I voted to make it a Constitutional amendment to define marriage as one man and one woman .
He added that the Mormon Church was right to take a strong stance against marriage equality in the Proposition 8 controversy .
26:45 :
Probably , by this year , Iran may well have … enough fissile material to create a nuclear bomb .
They have in their battles plans — and some of this may be classified .
Maybe the 2009 data is classified still — but they have the rocketry to hit Israel …
Some of this may be classified ?
Then why the hell is he sharing it with Church leaders ?!
37:00 :
The truth is :
The Catholics and the evangelicals are allies , but to a point …
[ Catholic leaders ] preach to a congregation that does n’t believe what they teach on abortion or on the sanctity of the family .
Among the evangelicals that you deal with … many , and maybe most , that I have worked with run businesses as described in the Book of Mormon that are “ priestcraft . ”
These are cults of personality that are in the business of religion …
Use them as you can … you do n’t need to be as out front as you were in California [ with Prop 8 ] .
These videos offer a very disturbing look at how sheltered and out of touch these leaders are — as well as how much political influence they wield .
And I doubt these are the last revelations we ’ll see .
( Thanks to Tim for the link )
Not exactly counterfeit
Foreign contractors make more products than they 're supposed to then sell the excess out the back door .
New Balance found out just how hard it can be to shut down the " third shift . "
( FORTUNE Magazine ) �
Gee , counterfeit products are getting so realistic !
Doubtless you 've heard some version of that comment in recent years .
Well , they are getting more realistic , for two reasons .
One you know about , but one you might not .
In Shanghai real New Balance shoes are sold alongside Henkees , a lawful knockoff made by a former supplier .
Brand ripoffs : A user 's guide COUNTERFEIT
A product that bears a trademark that its maker had no authority to use .
KNOCKOFF
A broad term encompassing both counterfeits and items that look like branded products though they do n't actually bear forged trademarks .
THIRD SHIFT
An unauthorized product made by an authorized contractor .
The prong of the problem everyone understands is that technological advances in printing , scanning , 3 - D modeling , and so on have made copying through reverse - engineering easier and cheaper than ever .
And if you ask any brand owner why counterfeits are so convincing these days , that 's the answer you 'll get .
But there 's another factor .
Now that Western companies are pervasively outsourcing the manufacture of their products to factories overseas , they 're entrusting their precious intellectual property - designs , molds , specifications , trade secrets - to hundreds of contractors and subcontractors all over the world .
It 's extremely hard to police global supply chains , and IP is leaking out through 1,000 cracks .
The simplest and most dramatic form of the problem is something that Asia - based investigators jocularly refer to as the " third shift , " the " midnight shift , " or the " ghost shift . "
Say a U.S. company orders 20,000 dresses from an overseas factory .
The contractor fills the order during its two day shifts but then runs off 10,000 extra at night , possibly using inferior materials .
Those he sells out the back door , so to speak , trademark and all .
In the case of apparel , says Vincent Volpi , the head of PICA , a brand - protection firm , third - shift products may be " substantially indistinguishable , down to the same thread count . "
Daniel C.K. Chow , an IP - law professor at Ohio State University , recalls his own former employer , a multinational consumer - brands company he declines to name , having a third - shift problem at a factory in China that produced packaging and labels .
The contractor " would sell the night shift to counterfeiters , " says Chow .
" You 'd wind up discovering a counterfeit product in a genuine package . "
Sometimes even brand owners can't tell whether an unauthorized product is a counterfeit ( a product bearing a trademark that its maker never had authority to use ) or the result of third - shift activity .
In late 2001 , for instance , Too Inc. , which runs the Limited Too chain of clothing stores for girls , discovered that discounter TJ Maxx was selling 31 styles of Limited Too apparel at markdowns - 653,000 garments .
TJ Maxx was stocking many more units than Too had ever ordered from its Asian suppliers , and what Too had ordered was still being sold in its own stores .
When Too sued TJ Maxx to stop sales , though , its lawyers candidly admitted that they were n't sure whether the clothes were counterfeits or third - shift goods .
Though discounters can always be enjoined from selling counterfeits , some judges will let them sell third - shift goods unimpeded , viewing the latter as legally " genuine . "
In Too 's case , the judge enjoined the sales , ruling that even third - shift goods were a form of trademark infringement , albeit less serious than counterfeiting .
That seems to be the emerging view .
( The case settled in 2003 . )
In addition to literal night - shift activity , the " third shift " is an umbrella term for any form of unauthorized production by otherwise authorized contractors .
A common variant arises when a brand owner tells an overseas contractor to stop producing a line of product , and the contractor does n't .
" You 've taught a company to produce something , " says one China - based investigator who requested anonymity , " and perhaps that 's all those people know how to do .
Just because you have agreements does n't mean those people are going to stop doing what they 've learned . "
Even in its wider sense , the third shift is a subset of a broader problem : the countless ways in which companies lose control of intellectual property when relying on an outsourced supply chain .
IP leakage is the glitch in the ascendant paradigm for doing business .
" When you 're outsourcing , you provide specifications , drawings , blueprints , " says Peter Humphrey , who runs a risk - management firm in Shanghai called ChinaWhys .
" What can easily happen is , someone takes it down the road to his brother or uncle , " who also has a factory .
" Before you know it , there 's ten or 20 factories in that county making knockoffs of your product . "
In the mid-1990s , according to Ping Deng , a professor of business administration at Maryville University in St. Louis , Yamaha set up three motorbike joint ventures in China , only to have a local partner sell its technology to rivals .
Within four months counterfeit Yamahas were being sold , Deng says , and by the early part of this decade , five of six Yamahas in China were counterfeit .
When this sort of IP theft is thrown into the mix , the boundary between third - shift goods and counterfeits begins to melt away .
" When a brand owner shuts down a factory , " explains Jeffrey Unger , CEO of GenuOne , a brand - protection management firm , " you 'll see the same factory start up two months later making counterfeit product .
They know where to buy the raw materials and know how to move product . "
Variations on that theme now challenge the multinational chemical , pharmaceutical , and information technology companies that have spent billions to set up R&D facilities in China , lured by the 600,000 Chinese engineers its universities graduate each year .
A disloyal engineer can steal a gigabyte of proprietary information by saving it to a tiny USB flash drive , according to Humphrey of ChinaWhys .
In one of Humphrey 's cases , he says , an employee stole a new industrial process for manufacturing a chemical and then started a competing business in collusion with his former employer 's suppliers and customers .
In another , research on nanotechnology was stolen .
" In the cases I 've dealt with , the criminals are people with Ph.D.s , " says Humphrey .
Brand owners typically do n't admit to having suffered from third - shift or other IP - leakage problems .
" It makes you seem like you 've been an idiot , " explains professor Chow .
" These are people you 've hired .
You did n't exercise due diligence . "
Most brand owners approached for this story either declined to discuss the issue or denied experiencing the problem .
There is , nonetheless , one brave Western company that has come out of the closet about its struggles with the third shift .
When New Balance thought it had been wronged by a former contractor in China , it decided to litigate in the Chinese courts .
Many companies have avoided that path for fear of either publicizing their own mistakes or alienating local officials with whom they 'll be dealing .
But New Balance chose to fight .
Other brand owners can learn much from its eye - popping experience .
From a seventh - floor picture window at New Balance headquarters in Boston 's Brighton section , the concrete horseshoe of Harvard Stadium looms to the northeast , while stately Baker Library of Harvard Business School commands the view due east .
Yet the most noteworthy landmark lies just out of sight , about a mile to the west .
There stands a rarity : a functioning American shoe factory .
Executives at New Balance , a private company celebrating its 100th anniversary this year , are proud to own that plant and four others in New England .
They still produce 25 percent of the company 's footwear .
But tradition and patriotism carry a company only so far : New Balance , which reported $ 1.54 billion in sales last year , competes in the same world as everyone else .
About 70 percent of its shoes are now made in China and the other 5 percent in Vietnam .
New Balance began outsourcing in the early 1980s , using factories in Japan , then South Korea , then Taiwan .
In the early 1990s its Taiwanese suppliers began moving their factories to mainland China .
One of those contractors was Horace Chang , now 59 , a tough , keen businessman .
( Chang declined to be interviewed for this article , citing New Balance 's legal proceedings against him . )
In 1990 , Chang built a factory in Yang Jiang City , in Guangdong province near Hong Kong .
At first his factory , which can employ up to 4,000 workers , made New Balance shoes only for export .
But in January 1995 , at Chang 's request , New Balance licensed him to also distribute its shoes to the Chinese domestic market .
Chang 's sales were initially modest , according to Ed Haddad , 57 , New Balance 's vice president for intellectual property .
But soon he had success with an inexpensive style known as a " classic . "
It 's a colorful fashion shoe with " no technology , " Haddad explains - meaning none of the fancy midsole engineering that defines a high - performance shoe .
In June 1999 , Chang stunned New Balance executives at a meeting in Boston by announcing that he was projecting sales of 250,000 pairs that year - quadruple what he'd sold the year before .
" We were amazed , " recalls Haddad .
But not pleased .
New Balance executives feared that the company 's name was becoming associated in China with a fashion shoe , jeopardizing its reputation as a performance brand .
They told Chang to pull back from selling classics .
" He was dumbfounded , " Haddad recalls .
" He came here thinking he was doing a great thing - like the cat that brings you the dead mouse - and we slapped him on the hand . "
Chang did n't pull back .
Rather , he ordered materials to produce 450,000 pairs , as the New Balance sourcing department reported to its alarmed management later that year .
Soon Chang 's inexpensive shoe was seeping out of China into premium markets like Japan .
Licensed New Balance distributors there were furious .
In August 1999 , New Balance notified Chang that it was terminating his license to make and distribute classics , effective Dec. 31 , 1999 .
" What happened then is when everything went crazy , " Haddad recounts .
Upon termination , the contract called for Chang to return to New Balance all its confidential technical , production , sales , and marketing information , including molds , specifications , signs , labels , packages , wrappers , and ads .
He did n't .
" He continued to sell , " says Haddad , " and was actively trying to sell product outside the country : in Taiwan , Hong Kong , Italy , Germany . "
( It 's unclear whether Chang continued to make classics after 1999 or sold stockpiled inventory .
Chang told the Wall Street Journal in late 2002 , when it wrote about the situation , that he still considered himself entitled to make New Balance shoes . )
At New Balance 's request , the provincial divisions of China 's Administration of Industry and Commerce ( AIC ) seized about 100,000 pairs of Chang 's shoes from his stores and factories .
During one raid New Balance made an alarming discovery : Chang had launched a competing line of classic - style sneakers under his own brand .
These he called Henkees ( a meaningless word in Chinese ) , and he marked them with a logo on the saddle that purported to be a distortion of " Hi . "
At a glance it looked a lot like New Balance 's block N saddle design .
Chang had obtained a Chinese trademark on the Hi logo without New Balance 's noticing .
Like most Western companies doing business in Asia , New Balance had inserted arbitration clauses in its contracts so that it would n't have to deal with foreign courts .
Disputes were to be heard by an international arbiter applying Massachusetts law .
But while an arbiter could assess damages , he could not provide New Balance what it needed in this crisis : an injunction stopping Chang from selling New Balance classics .
To get that , the company had to sue in the Shenzhen Intermediate People 's Court for Guangdong province .
In late 2000 it did .
To oversee the litigation the company retained Harley Lewin , an IP litigator at New York City 's Greenberg Traurig .
A barrel - chested man with a trim white beard , Lewin decorates his office with trophies from past assignments : a gorgeous leather Chlo� handbag , buttery but bogus ; a bottle of Pure Vodka that mimics an Absolut bottle 's design ; a phony Titleist golf ball .
" I 've tried cases in 45 countries over 30 years , " he says .
" I sit there next to counsel in the courtroom in Israel , Cypress , Mexico , Paraguay , Brazil .
So I 'm pretty ready for any hook somebody 's going to throw at me . "
China 's intellectual - property laws are actually pretty good , Lewin explains .
They were upgraded as a condition of its accession to the World Trade Organization in 2001 .
But the challenges of litigating in China have " nothing to do with the law as written , " he says .
" They have much to do with the law as applied . "
China 's courts are a product of some extraordinary recent history .
In the late 1950s , Chinese lawyers were denounced as " rightists " and began fleeing the profession .
From 1966 to 1976 , during the Cultural Revolution , the nation 's legal system was abolished , its law schools shuttered , and its remaining lawyers sent to the countryside for reeducation through labor .
The nation 's current legal system has been entirely rebuilt since 1979 , and it bears some scars .
Most of the older judges are not lawyers , for instance , but former military or police officials .
Judges outnumber lawyers in China 200,000 to 140,000 .
More important , even legally trained judges have scant judicial independence , according to Jerome Cohen , a law professor at New York University and a renowned authority on the Chinese legal system .
" They are under political control , " he says .
" Judges are selected locally , paid locally , promoted locally , and fired locally .
A foreign company - or even a Chinese company from another part of China - going up against a locally owned enterprise has an uphill fight . "
Plus , Cohen adds , " corruption is a very serious problem . "
Lewin understood that since New Balance was trying to enforce Chang 's contract termination - potentially costing local factory workers their jobs - he was up against it .
Still , when the Shenzhen court handed Chang a sweeping victory in February 2002 , Lewin was surprised .
The court found that while New Balance had terminated its licenses with Chang 's Hong Kong operating company , it had failed to do so with respect to Chang 's Yang Jiang factory .
And though that factory was never licensed to distribute New Balance shoes , the court found that its license to make shoes carried an implied license to distribute - and even a right to do so without paying any royalties .
Lewin considered the court 's reasoning so implausible that he suspected corruption , he admits .
He appealed to the Guangdong province High Court .
The High Court heard the case during the summer of 2002 .
Then Lewin heard nothing for many months .
Eventually he hired an investigator to make inquiries .
Finally word came back through two intermediaries : " For $ 300,000 we could have our decision , " Lewin says .
" We were on the head of a pin , " he recalls .
" Clearly we were n't going to do it .
But you 're being asked directly by the tribunal hearing your case . "
As politely as he could , he responded that , no , New Balance really could n't do anything like that .
More weeks passed .
Lewin made more inquiries .
Word came back again .
" The price was down to a hundred grand , " he says .
" As God is my witness . "
New Balance again refused .
Still more time passed .
In September 2003 the lead judge on the three - judge panel contacted New Balance through a different intermediary .
He asked for $ 100,000 again , and then came down to $ 50,000 , according to Lewin .
This time New Balance reported the request to the province 's supervisory bureau for courts .
In April 2004 , after no action had been taken , New Balance formally petitioned the court to replace the judge , though without stating the reason .
A few days later the judge was removed from the case ( but not from the bench ) .
No explanation was given .
( Asked about Lewin 's allegations by phone , the replaced judge told FORTUNE , " That 's impossible .
Are you interviewing me ?
You can not interview me like this , " and hung up .
In response to a letter outlining the accusations , a court public affairs staffer said foreign media had to direct inquiries to the Foreign Ministry . )
We do n't need to speculate about the way a Western judge might have viewed the same facts , because in 2004 one did .
After New Balance invoked its arbitration clause , international arbiter Natasha Lisman , an American litigator in Boston , found the evidence " clear and persuasive " that Chang had sold at least 200,000 pairs of New Balance shoes after termination of his contracts .
Chang 's marketing of Henkees also violated a noncompetition clause in the contract , Lisman ruled .
In December 2004 she awarded New Balance $ 9.9 million .
So far , New Balance has n't collected a penny ; it 's still hunting for assets in Chang 's name .
In January 2005 the Guangdong High Court finally ruled .
It affirmed Chang 's victory .
The court did throw New Balance one bone , finding that the company had terminated the Yang Jiang factory 's license as of July 27 , 2001 - 19 months after it thought it had .
( The termination had been effected , the court said , by a letter to the factory to which New Balance had attached no legal significance at the time . )
But the belated termination afforded New Balance no real benefit .
The Chinese IP authorities interpreted the ruling as permitting shoes made before that date to still be sold .
Accordingly , they released tens of thousands of pairs of previously seized shoes to Chang , who dumped them on the market - to the chagrin of New Balance 's new licensed Chinese distributor .
In late spring 2005 , New Balance petitioned for a rehearing .
It heard nothing for almost a year .
Then , on March 28 , 2006 , out of the blue , the court granted a hearing on the motion .
Though originally scheduled for April 24 , it has now been postponed .
The case is almost moot at this point , since only a small number of Chang 's New Balance shoes are still on sale .
Haddad believes that Chang no longer makes them and that he 's focused on his Henkee brand instead .
New Balance has petitioned China 's trademark office to cancel Chang 's distorted - Hi logo , but otherwise it left that brand alone .
Today the company has a more pressing concern : a competitor that launched in 2005 under the brand name New Barlun .
New Barlun uses packaging , logos , store displays , and slick advertising brochures that by Western standards are audacious ripoffs of New Balance's .
" We have counterfeits all the time , " comments Haddad .
" That 's not anything new .
But to interpret an American company - how we think , how we operate - that 's what 's really disturbing us . "
However , as often happens once a company has experienced an IP leak , New Balance executives do n't know whether the New Barlun knockoff has any relationship to its earlier problems or is a completely reverse - engineered operation - albeit a diabolically sophisticated one .
Some New Balance officials have their suspicions .
" They know our company so well , " Haddad marvels .
Despite all the challenges , New Balance has never considered withdrawing its factories from China .
The economic allure is too compelling , and as Haddad points out , its products would have been counterfeited in China to some degree no matter where the company made them .
Like others with experience in Asia , New Balance monitors its supply chain to the extent it can , checks out contractors in advance , writes tough audit clauses into contracts , and enforces them .
It now embeds encrypted information in security tags and monitors the number of tags it issues to combat third shifts .
Other companies use invisible inks and dyes both to authenticate their products and to trace diversions from authorized distribution channels .
The GenuOne company in Boston even sells software that lets brand owners discreetly monitor how many tagged components a contractor orders :
If too few , the contractor may be substituting inferior parts ; if too many , there might be a third shift .
" If you do n't do your upfront due diligence in managing the supply chain , " advises Haddad , " you 're just going to be subject to problems . "
But after a pause , he adds a weary coda : " Not that you wo n't be even then . "
FEEDBACK : rparloff@fortunemail.com
Additional reporting by Clay Chandler and Alice Fung .
Individuals and businesses in Austin and a plethora of other states to be taxed for emissions of life - giving gas carbon dioxide
Paul Joseph Watson & Alex Jones
Prison Planet.com
Friday , January 29 , 2010
Globalists intent on ushering in a zero - growth post - industrial society are bypassing the federal government ’s stuttering efforts to implement the cap and trade scam and going directly to the states in an effort to impose their control freak tax on the very life - giving gas that we all exhale – carbon dioxide .
Even as the foundation of the argument that human emissions of CO2 cause global warming crumbles and collapses amidst scandal after scandal , energy companies and state authorities are still pushing ahead with sinister plans to mandate that individuals and businesses get government allowances and permits to emit carbon dioxide .
KLBJ radio reports that Austin Energy , which powers the city , presented to the Austin City Council “ Austin Energy ’s Carbon Reduction Plan , ” which goes even further than the federal cap and trade bill in calling for CO2 emissions to be reduced by 20 % by 2025 .
The fact that energy companies are behind this again disproves the flawed notion that oil and electricity companies oppose the global warming movement , when in fact they are its major adherents .
The climate change scam is a goldmine for them because effectively licensing CO2 emissions only drives up utility prices – the costs are passed on to the consumer and their profits soar .
Austin Energy head Roger Duncan told the Austin City Council that the program would cost around $ 2.6 billion , but since the cost such initiatives is routinely underestimated , expect a final figure that is significantly higher .
He admitted that the plan would cause energy prices to rise .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
This will of course result in much higher energy bills for the general public because they will be forced to buy permits from the government to emit the deadly life - giving gas carbon dioxide .
The program will also include a Energy Conservation Audit and Disclosure Ordinance , which will empower environmental goons to perform energy audits on every house over ten years old when it is put up for sale .
The new enforcement would also require “ an energy audit / rating for all non-industrial commercial buildings with 5,000 square feet or more and multifamily properties with five or more units , aged 10 years or older . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A similar system was introduced in 2007 in the UK amidst widespread derision and loathing .
Known as Home Information Packs , shortly after they were introduced the British property market crashed as sellers refused to pay the fee , which was mandatory for all home sales .
The system has since become notorious as nothing more than an odious new tax .
The implementation of so - called “ green economies ” in other countries has devastated economies and cost millions of jobs .
As the Seattle Times reported back in June , Spain ’s staggering unemployment rate of over 18 per cent was partly down to massive job losses as a result of attempts to replace existing industry with wind farms and other forms of alternative energy .
In a so - called “ green economy , ” “ Each new job entails the loss of 2.2 other jobs that are either lost or not created in other industries because of the political allocation — sub-optimum in terms of economic efficiency — of capital , ” states the report .
Despite the fact that the carbon trading market , along with “ smart meter ” programs , have been exposed as slush fund scams owned by the very globalists fearmongering about man-made climate change – namely Al Gore and Maurice Strong – designed to line the pockets of habitual con men who have been caught over and over again lying about the evidence behind global warming , states are now adopting their own version of the scheme so that the trick can be played on an unsuspecting public who still think that cap and trade has n’t been implemented .
In reality , as Bloomberg News reports , “ State government actions are likely to dominate the emerging U.S. carbon market in 2010 , ” with programs set to expand .
“ A group of Northeastern states already has a carbon market and two more regional programs in the Midwest and West plan to follow suit , ” states the article .
As we have highlighted in the past , the ultimate goal is to reduce carbon emissions by at least 80 per cent by 2050 , a move that would inflict a new Great Depression , cost millions of jobs , and sink America to near third world status .
The agenda to cut carbon emissions by 80 per cent is a huge leap towards the ultimate goal , expressed by the Carnegie Institute in 2008 and afforded sober credibility by the corporate media – a complete reduction down to zero carbon emissions , which would return mankind to the agrarian age and completely reverse hundreds of years of technological progress .
This is the ultimate tax on life and a dream come true for control freaks and globalist organizations like the Bilderberg Group and the Club of Rome who have openly pushed for a “ post - industrial zero - growth society ” where our standards of living are drastically reduced .
As internationally bestselling author and Bilderberg expert Daniel Estulin writes in his book The Bilderberg Group , “ In a post - industrial period , zero growth will be necessary to destroy vestiges of general prosperity .
When there is prosperity , there is progress .
Prosperity and progress make it impossible to implement repression , and you need repression if you hope to divide society into owners and slaves .
The end of prosperity will bring an end to the production of nuclear - generated electric power ( as well as coal - fired plants – ed ) and all industrialization ( except for the computer and service industries . )
The remaining Canadian and American industries would be exported to poor countries such as Bolivia , Peru , Ecuador , Nicaragua , where slave labor is cheap .
One of the principal objectives for NAFTA will then be realized . ”
This article was posted : Friday , January 29 , 2010 at 12:54 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Ladies and gentlemen , we are proud to announce a new service from Canonical , the Ubuntu single sign on .
Its purpose is to gather all the login services provided by Canonical , such as Launchpad , the ShipIt service , Ubuntu One , and others .
Besides the fact that the login process will be simplified , it will also offer a more convenient way for all the users and developers to access information or to easily communicate with each other .
The actual Launchpad login service will be soon replaced by the brand - new Ubuntu single sign on service and the existing Launchpad account will be supported !
" Over the next few months we will be moving all of the Ubuntu and Canonical related sites that currently use the Launchpad service to Ubuntu single sign on , starting with sites we manage directly and then working with community site owners to move the community - managed sites . " - was stated in the official announcement .
Until the transition between the Launchpad and Ubuntu services is finished , the current ones are set to share the account data .
This will ease the transition process and will not create difficulties to Launchpad users , who will be able to log in with an Ubuntu account .
However , it does n't mean that users will be able to login into both services , with the same credentials .
" We realise this is something Internet users have been encouraged to not do but it is a necessary side - effect of the transition .
Doing this ensures you wo n’t lose access to services you ’ve purchased from us in the past or your account histories in the sites you ’ve previously visited , as long as you use your existing Launchpad credentials on Ubuntu single sign on . "
- Canonical said in the press release .
Canonical explained the replacement of the actual Launchpad login service as a method of growing Ubuntu 's popularity .
The Ubuntu single sign on service will also enable the development of new features designed for all Ubuntu users .
At the moment , there is no difference between the old login service and the new one .
However , Canonical is planning to make major , new features for it , which will be further revealed once the service is inaugurated .
Canonical 's Ubuntu single sign on service is not open source , it is , however , based on open source technologies such as Apache , Python , Postgres and Django .
Right - wing groups in Israel want to create a climate of fear among left - wing scholars at Israeli universities by emulating the " witch - hunt " tactics of the U.S. academic monitoring group Campus Watch , Israeli professors warn .
The watchdog groups IsraCampus and Israel Academia Monitor are believed to be stepping up their campaigns after the recent publication in a U.S. newspaper of an Israeli professor ’s call to boycott Israel .
Both groups have been alerting the universities ’ external donors , mostly U.S. Jews , to what they describe as " subversive " professors as a way to bring pressure to bear on university administrations to sanction faculty staff who are critical of Israeli policies .
" I have no hesitation in calling this a McCarthyite campaign , " said David Newman , a politics professor at Ben Gurion University , in Israel ’s southern city of Beersheva .
" What they are doing is very dangerous . "
Last month , in what appeared to be a new tactic , IsraCampus placed a full - page advertisement in an official diary issued to students at Haifa University , urging them to visit its
Web site to see a " rogues ’ gallery " of 100 Israeli scholars the group deems an " academic fifth column . "
" The goal is to transform our students into spies in the classroom to gather information and intimidate us , " a senior Israeli lecturer said .
" It ’s a model of ‘ policing ’ faculty staff that has been very successful in stifling academic freedom in the U.S. "
Both Israel Academia Monitor , established in 2004 , and the later IsraCampus model themselves on Campus Watch , a U.S. organization founded by Daniel Pipes , an academic closely identified with the U.S. neoconservative movement .
Campus Watch has been widely accused of intimidating U.S. scholars who have expressed views critical of U.S. and Israeli policies in the Middle East .
The organization ’s goal , according to critics , is to pressure U.S. universities to avoid hiring left - wing lecturers or awarding them tenure .
The advertisement placed by IsraCampus and seen by Haifa University students as they returned from their summer break warned that a number of their professors " openly support terrorist attacks against Jews , initiate an international boycott of Israel , exploit their status in the classroom for anti-Israeli incitement and anti-Zionist brainwashing , collaborate with known anti-Semites … who publicly call for Israel ’s destruction . "
Publication of the ad was supported by the head of Haifa ’s student union , Felix Koritney : " Students who study here need to know who their lecturers are , and if there are lecturers who oppose the state of Israel it is important to publish their names . "
In a statement , Haifa University officials also defended the advertisement – after receiving a complaint from a student who called the advertisement incitement – justifying it on the grounds of " freedom of speech . "
IsraCampus is associated with Steven Plaut , an economics professor at Haifa University , who was reported to have paid for the advertisement .
On the group ’s site and on his personal blog , Plaut has lambasted many Israeli left - wing academics .
IsraCampus and Israel Academia Monitor have targeted professors for criticizing the occupation , joining protests against Israel ’s separation wall , signing petitions or attending conferences critical of Israel , defending the UN report of Judge Richard Goldstone on last winter ’s attack on Gaza , or calling for a boycott of Israel .
Both groups have focused their efforts on the staff at Ben Gurion and Haifa universities , two regional campuses that have attracted more outspoken dissidents .
Ilan Pappe , a former history professor at Haifa University and the author of The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestine , admitted he abandoned his academic career in Israel and relocated to the UK after a campaign of vilification .
But , according to Newman , Ben Gurion University had become the groups ’ " public enemy No. 1 " after the publication by Neve Gordon , a colleague of Newman , of an article in the Los Angeles Times calling for a boycott of Israel .
Despite having tenure , observers say , Gordon has come under increasing pressure from the university to resign his position as chair of the university ’s politics department over his published views .
Rivka Carmi , president of Ben Gurion University , issued a statement shortly after Gordon ’s article was printed , condemning his opinions as " morally repugnant " and warning that he was " welcome to search for a personal and professional home elsewhere . "
Dana Barnett , founder of Israel Academia Monitor , has launched a petition demanding that Gordon be sacked from his position as chair , that his courses be treated as elective rather than compulsory for his students , and that he be denied travel and research funding .
Newman said decisions about hiring and retaining staff at Ben Gurion were still being taken on academic grounds but that the monitoring groups were seeking to change that by calling for donor boycotts of universities seen to be harboring anti-Zionist professors .
Yaakov Dayan , the Israeli consul in Los Angeles , sent a letter to Ben Gurion University after publication of Gordon ’s article , warning that private benefactors " were unanimous in threatening to withhold their donations to your institution . "
Although the universities are chiefly backed by government money , external donations account for about 5 percent of their funding .
With universities struggling with large debts , donations can be seen as leverage over the universities .
Newman said the monitoring groups hoped to redirect donations to right - wing academic institutions and think - tanks , such as the Shalem Center in Jerusalem , whose founding president is the U.S. neoconservative scholar Martin Kramer , and Ariel College , located in a West Bank settlement near Nablus .
On his Web site , Plaut credited IsraCampus with forcing Tel Aviv University last week to investigate claims by one of its professors , Nira Hativa , that some right - wing students were afraid to speak out in class because of fears that they would be penalized by their lecturers .
Under questioning from the Ha’aretz newspaper , Hativa admitted that her allegations were based only on " intuition and personal impressions . "
Both IsraCampus and Israel Academia Monitor have been incensed by the support offered to Gordon ’s call for a boycott of Israel by a small number of Israeli academics .
One such professor , Anat Matar , who teaches philosophy at Tel Aviv University , said the atmosphere both within the universities and more widely in Israeli society was changing rapidly and becoming increasingly " intolerant " of dissent .
" We ’ve become a little more fascistic as a society , " she said .
Plaut has been at the center of a libel battle with Gordon since 2002 after he called him a " Judenrat wannabe " – a reference to Jewish collaborators with the Nazis .
A version of this article originally appeared in The National , published in Abu Dhabi .
Hubs , switches , and routers are all devices that let you connect from one computers to other computers , networked devices , or to other networks .
Each has two or more connectors called ports into which you plug in the cables to make the connection .
Hub :
A hub is a small , simple , inexpensive device that joins multiple computers together .
Its job is very simple : anything that comes in one port is sent out to the others .
That ’s it .
This is quick and easy ways to connect computers in small networks .
Hubs operate using a broadcast model
Switch :
A switch is a small hardware device that joins multiple computers together within one local area network ( LAN ) .
a switch generally contains more intelligence and a slightly higher price than a hub .
switches are capable of inspecting data packets as they are received , determining the source and destination device of each packet , and forwarding them appropriately .
For example , if it sees traffic from machine A coming in on port 2 , it now knows that machine A is connected to that port and that traffic to machine A needs to only be sent to that port and not any of the others .
switches operate using a virtual circuit model .
Switching involves moving packets between devices on the same network .
Switches operate at layer 2 of the OSI Model .
A switch is able to determine where a packet should be sent by examining the MAC address within the data link header of the packet ( the MAC address is the hardware address of a network adapter ) .
A switch maintains a database of MAC addresses and what port they are connected to .
Router :
A router is a small hardware device that joins multiple networks together .
These networks can include wired or wireless home networks , and the Internet .
A simple way to think of a router is as a computer that can be programmed to understand , possibly manipulate , and route the data its being asked to handle .
Routing involves moving packets between different networks .
Routers , on the other hand , operate at layer 3 of the OSI Model .
A router is able to determine where to send a packet using the Network ID within the Network layer header .
It then uses the routing table to determine the route to the destination host .
Joan of Arc belongs to that select club of historical figures ( Shakespeare , Napoleon , Lincoln , Churchill ) who are so endlessly fascinating that new biographies appear on a virtually annual basis .
And this is to say nothing of endless literary and artistic portrayals — in Joan ’s case , by everyone from Shakespeare to Shaw to The Simpsons .
Of course , membership in this club confers the dubious privilege of having every successive age project its fantasies and obsessions onto the screen of your personality .
Joan , in the 580 years since she came to fame , has been hero and villain , primal innocent and cunning manipulator , nationalist and universalist , feminist and anti-feminist , rational leader and hysterical madwoman , straight and gay ( and bi and transgender ) — not to mention heretic and saint .
Actual historical evidence rarely resists the force of a writer ’s longing .
In Joan ’s case , the evidence is copious , but extraordinarily tricky .
While it was not altogether uncommon for teenage peasant girls in the late Middle Ages to have religious visions , it was rather more unusual for them to advise kings and lead armies into battle .
From the moment the teenage Joan and her visions appeared at the French court in 1429 , she attracted enormous attention , which only increased as she helped guide French forces to a string of victories over the English .
This was followed by King Charles VII ’s formal coronation — a decisive moment in the Hundred Years War .
And then , in a stroke of excellent luck for her biographers ( if not for Joan herself ) , she fell into the hands of the single institution that compiled more complete records of intimate lives than any in history up to that point : the Inquisition .
In an effort to prove Joan guilty of heresy , the inquisitors interrogated her , and numerous witnesses , in remarkable detail about her actions , her visions , and her beliefs .
Nor was this all .
Some twenty years after Joan ’s burning at the stake as a heretic in 1431 , King Charles persuaded the pope to authorize a new trial , which nullified the previous verdict , and generated additional testimony .
Taking all these sources into account , we probably know more about Joan than about any other medieval person — indeed , far more than about later figures like Shakespeare .
Still , many of the contemporary accounts attempted to squeeze Joan ’s life into the shape of pre-existing religious narratives .
And debates have long raged issues such as whether the Latin record of the original trial was altered by the presiding bishop in an attempt at self - justification .
Despite the massive popular interest in Joan ( or perhaps , because of it ) , serious historians have tended to avoid the minefield of her life in recent years .
For these reasons , Larissa Juliet Taylor ’s biography performs a real service .
Taylor has read the evidence with scrupulous care , absorbed all the most recent scholarship , and written a clear , well - documented narrative that follows Joan closely through the different stages of her short existence .
Taylor evaluates the various controversies judiciously , and comes to balanced , sensible conclusions .
( She makes a good case , for instance , for trusting the Latin trial record ) .
The book is the most accurate , up - to - date account we have of Joan , and it will likely remain the standard critical biography for some time .
Taylor ’s concern is to dig the “ real ” Joan out from under the thick layers of demonization and ( literal ) sanctification .
This is not a postmodern biography presenting the collage of a “ fragmented self . ”
Joan emerges from its pages as a coherent and sympathetic character : “ an all - too - human young woman of great conviction and belief in herself and France . ”
Taylor particularly emphasizes Joan ’s “ headstrong ” and rebellious qualities , and the verbal agility that she deployed — first to convince her own side of her mission , and then , in English captivity , to taunt and spar with her enemies .
If Joan had a flaw , Taylor suggests , it was an increasingly arrogant tendency to believe her own astonishing legend .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
In a surprise result that can help in the understanding of both aging and cancer , researchers working with an engineered type of stem cell said they reversed the aging process in a rare genetic disease .
Researcher Xavier Nissan seen in his laboratory at the Institute for Stem cell Therapy and Exploration of Monogenic Diseases ( I - Stem ) in Evry , near Paris November 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Gareth Watkins
The team at Children ’s Hospital Boston and the Harvard Stem Cell Institute were working with a new type of cell called induced pluripotent stem cells or iPS cells , which closely resemble embryonic stem cells but are made from ordinary skin cells .
In this case , they wanted to study a rare , inherited premature aging disorder called dyskeratosis congenita .
The blood marrow disorder resembles the better - known aging disease progeria and causes premature graying , warped fingernails and other symptoms as well as a high risk of cancer .
It is very rare and normally diagnosed between the ages of 10 and 30 .
About half of patients have bone marrow failure , which means their bone marrow stops making blood and immune cells properly .
One of the benefits of stem cells and iPS cells is that researchers can make them from a person with a disease and study that disease in the lab .
Harvard ’s Dr. George Daley and colleagues were making iPS cells from dyskeratosis congenita patients to do this .
But , reporting in Thursday ’s issue of the journal Nature , they said the process of making the iPS cells appeared to reverse one of the key symptoms of the disease in the cells .
In this disease , the cells lose telomerase , an enzyme that helps maintain the telomeres .
These are the little caps on the ends of the chromosomes that carry the DNA .
When telomeres unwind , a cell ages .
This leads to disease and death .
BECOMING IMMORTAL
But in cancer , telomerase appears to help tumor cells become immortal and replicate out of control .
Some experimental cancer drugs target telomerase .
A gene called TERC helps restore the telomeres and Daley ’s team said it may be that tumor cells make use of TERC to become immortal .
In making the iPS cells and getting them to grow in the lab , Daley ’s team discovered they had three times as much TERC as the diseased cells they were made from .
Simply turning the skin cells into iPS cells helped restore their damaged telomeres , Daley ’s team reported .
This in theory stops a major component of the aging process as well .
“ We ’re not saying we ’ve found the fountain of youth , but the process of creating iPS cells recapitulates some of the biology that our species uses to rejuvenate itself in each generation , ” Daley ’s colleague Suneet Agarwal said in a statement .
Treatments that restore TERC may help dyskeratosis congenita patients , they said .
“ This paper illustrates how reprogramming a patient ’s skin cells into stem cells can teach us surprising lessons about human disease , ” Daley added in a statement .
Agarwal says the team is now seeking funding to study this more .
Patients with dyskeratosis congenita often die when they get bone marrow transplants , Agarwal said .
“ For these patients , and for patients with other bone marrow failure syndromes , it would be ideal to give them a gentler stem cell transplant from their own cells , ” he said .
It was almost as though someone had stolen the Mona Lisa from Graceland : Grim reports dotted the Internet this morning with news that the original " Rickroll " video clip on YouTube - viewed more than 30 million times and source of almost that many instances of gotcha hilarity - had been removed , presumably by the money - grubbing music barons at Sony / BMG .
And it was indeed gone : Pop singer Rick Astley 's " Never Gonna Give You Up " had been replaced by a notice reading : " This video has been removed due to terms of use violation . "
( 2012's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
( 2011's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
( 2010's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
The disappearance was first reported in this blog post :
The Interwebs came together in a collective gasp on Wednesday as it was discovered that YouTube removed the original " Rickroll " video that has clocked up 30 million views to date .
For those not familiar with the term " Rickroll " or " Rickrolling " , it 's a famous Internet meme involving the music video for the 1987 Rick Astley song " Never Gonna Give You Up " .
The phenomenon began at Internet image board 4 chan and soon spread more widely .
Internet users typically send the URL of the video to another user and the practice results in the person being " Rickrolled . "
While the clip was MIA , I had contacted the public relations departments of YouTube and its owner Google in an effort to get an explanation .
Here is Google 's reply , which made precious little sense to me before discovering the video was back ... and to be truthful , still does n't .
With 20 hours of video uploaded every minute to YouTube , we count on our community members to know our Community Guidelines and to flag content they believe violates them .
We review all flagged content quickly , and if we find that a video does violate the guidelines , we remove it , on average in under an hour .
We also have a team that is dedicated to identifying and removing spam from YouTube .
Occasionally , a video flagged by users or identified by our spam team is mistakenly taken down .
When this is brought to our attention , we review the content and take appropriate action , including restoring video or videos that had been removed .
I asked for a clarification , but was told they could n't get more specific , and to make of the statement what I will .
So I 'm thinking that 's Google 's way of saying it was a mistake of some kind .
Did n't matter much anyway , because between e-mails I noticed that the clip had been restored to its rightful place on YouTube .
Whatever the explanation , the Internet is rejoicing , witness these comment on the now restored YouTube clip :
" It 's﻿ back ! YAY ! "
" There was an empty void in ﻿ my life while this video was gone . "
And , naturally :
" Oh well , It 's about time I got rick rolled ﻿ this month . "
Celebrities such as Victoria Beckham often hit the headlines for quick weight loss after pregnancy Pregnant women do not need to " eat for two " , drink full fat milk or even alter how much food they eat for the first six months , NHS experts say .
In the last three months they only need an extra 200 calories a day , draft advice from the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence says .
It also urges women to have a " realistic expectation " of how long it will take to lose weight after birth .
The myth - busting guidance is now out for consultation .
Women trying to get pregnant who are obese - body mass index over 30 - should be advised about the increased risk to themselves and their babies , the guidelines , which are aimed at GPs , health visitors , midwives , and other health professionals , state .
In today 's society women are bombarded by often conflicting advice on what constitutes a healthy diet and how much physical activity they should do during pregnancy and after birth
Professor Mike Kelly , NICE Encouragement and advice on losing weight before pregnancy should be offered for this group , it says .
Pregnant women , especially those who are overweight or obese , should be encouraged to eat a healthy diet and do exercise .
But weight loss during pregnancy should not be advocated .
Women need to be aware that a moderate amount of exercise will not harm their baby and women who did exercise , such as running or aerobics , before pregnancy should be able to continue with no adverse effects .
Post pregnancy
The guidelines , which are out for consultation until 18 March , also cover losing weight after giving birth .
Women should be sensitively encouraged to lose excess weight but be warned that sensible gradual weight loss will take time - in contrast to some high profile celebrities who seem to reach pre-baby weight within weeks of childbirth .
The recommendations also point out that eating healthily and taking regular exercise will not affect the quality or quantity of breast milk .
Professor Mike Kelly , director of the centre for public health excellence at NICE , said : " In today 's society women are bombarded by often conflicting advice on what constitutes a healthy diet and how much physical activity they should do during pregnancy and after birth .
We need to get the message across that mothers should be encouraged to work towards reaching their pre-pregnancy weight as this is an important indicator of future health
Mr Tahir Mahmood , Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
" We want all women to be supported before , during and after they have children so that both they and their babies have the healthiest outcome possible . "
He added that advice on healthy eating and physical activity for women after they have had a baby should take into account the demands of looking after a small baby and how tired the women are and any health problems they may have .
Jane Munro , from the Royal College of Midwives , welcomed the guidance and said weight was often an issue of concern for most women .
" It will be particularly helpful in dispelling post - pregnancy myths .
" Women need to understand that losing weight after giving birth can be a slow process and that physical exercise and gradual weight loss will not impact on their ability to breastfeed . "
Mr Tahir Mahmood , vice president of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists said , the incidence of maternal obesity was increasing in the general population .
" We need to look at new evidence on the effects of weight gain on mother and baby , and the lifestyle and medical interventions that can help make lives healthier .
" Equally , we need to get the message across that mothers should be encouraged to work towards reaching their pre-pregnancy weight as this is an important indicator of future health . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Have you ever imagined that you could lick on a lollipop and change the way you think ?
I am not talking about some illegal hallucinogenic drug , but a legal way to changing how you think or do things .
Eye Candy can .
Even though the concept sounds like something from the “ Electric Kool - aid Acid Test ” , Eye Candy uses a Sensory Substitution Technology to naturally send vibrant , emotive images to your mind .
Through the use of resonators located on the candy , information is transmitted from the tongue to the brain allowing for the mind to see the images contained in Eye Candy .
Eye Candy is available in 6 flavors : Relax , Socialize , Assert , Meditate , Confront and Focus .
[ Buy It Here ]
One newspaper captioned the picture " the height of humiliation " [ Image : Lior Mizrahi / Israel Hayom ]
Turkey has said it will recall its ambassador unless a row over his treatment by Israel 's deputy foreign minister is rapidly resolved .
The dispute comes after the deputy minister , Danny Ayalon , summoned the ambassador , Oguz Celikkolits , to rebuke him over a TV series .
He then ensured the ambassador was seated on a lower chair and removed the Turkish flag from the table .
In an attempt to defuse the row , Mr Ayalon said disrespect " is not my way " .
He said in future he would behave " in a diplomatically acceptable manner " .
But Turkey has demanded a formal apology from Israel .
" Unless they make up for it by this evening , our ambassador will return on the first plane tomorrow , " President Abdullah Gul was quoted as saying by the NTV news channel .
' Repeated provocation ' Footage of Mr Ayalon urging journalists to make clear the ambassador was seated on a low sofa , while the Israeli officials were in much higher chairs , has been widely broadcast by the Israeli media .
He is also heard pointing out in Hebrew that " there is only one flag " and " we are not smiling " .
In an interview with Israel 's Army Radio on Tuesday , Mr Ayalon was unapologetic .
ANALYSIS Jonathan Head , BBC News , Istanbul
What began as a diplomatic stunt now has the potential to escalate into a serious breach between Israel and Turkey .
Clear splits have emerged within Israel 's coalition government over how to handle the Turkish government , which has become an increasingly strident critic of Israel at the same time as it has moved closer to Iran and Syria .
It is less clear what Turkey 's long - term aims are with Israel , for decades a close military and trading partner , but the governing party has said it no longer sees its relationship with Israel as a priority .
Snubs - part of diplomatic game " In terms of the diplomatic tactics available , this was the minimum that was warranted given the repeated provocation by political and other players in Turkey , " he said , according to Reuters .
One Israeli newspaper marked the height difference on the photo , and captioned it " the height of humiliation " .
The meeting with Mr Celikkol had been called to discuss the fictional television series Valley of the Wolves , popular in Turkey .
It depicts Israeli intelligence operatives kidnapping babies and converting them to Judaism .
Last October Israel complained over another Turkish series , which depicted Israeli soldiers killing Palestinians .
In one clip , an Israeli soldier shoots dead a smiling young girl at close range .
The row comes ahead of a planned visit by Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak to Turkey on Sunday .
Turkey has long been an ally of Israel , but relations have deteriorated as Ankara has repeatedly criticised Israel for its offensive in Gaza a year ago .
Rights groups say about 1,400 Palestinians died during the operation , which Israel said had been aimed at ending rocket fire by Hamas .
Thirteen Israelis died during the violence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This image provided by NASA shows an orbital sunrise is featured in this image photographed by Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency astronaut Soichi Noguchi , Expedition 22 flight engineer , from a window in the newly - installed Cupola of the International Space Station while space shuttle Endeavour remains docked with the station Thursday Feb. 18 , 2010 .
A Russian Progress spacecraft , docked to the Pirs Docking Compartment , is visible at right .
( AP Photo / NASA )
( AP ) --
The crews of the linked space shuttle and space station embraced and said farewell Friday as they prepared for Endeavour to begin its two - day trip home after " a mission of Olympic proportions . "
There were hugs and handshakes all around as the six Endeavour astronauts floated one by one out of the International Space Station , where they installed a stunning seven - window observation deck that gives astronauts unparalleled views of Earth .
The hatches between the craft were then sealed in preparation for Friday night 's undocking .
" We are really going to enjoy the view .
I wish you guys could stay a little longer to partake in that view , " the space station 's skipper , Jeffrey Williams , told his shuttle friends .
" Yeah , it 's tough to turn away from that window , " shuttle commander George Zamka said of the atrium 's domed centerpiece , the largest window ever launched into space .
Each of the astronauts spent a few moments alone in the dome late Thursday , taking in what they described as amazing and stunning views of Earth .
" Arguably , mankind has been after this view for centuries , this perspective , this view of the world , and we finally have it , " Zamka said .
" It culminates just about the assembly complete of the space station , " Williams added .
The 11 space fliers teamed up over the past week to install the dome and a new room , called Tranquility , marking the last of the major space station building blocks .
They finished some last - minute packing , then gathered for a ribbon - cutting ceremony on the eve of Endeavour 's undocking .
Zamka presented a plaque to hang in the dome that contained four chips of moon rock and a stone retrieved from the top of Mt. Everest .
A former astronaut carried the moon fragments to the top of Everest last spring .
The lunar chips were collected from the Sea of Tranquility during man 's first moon landing in 1969 .
The chamber was named after that momentous achievement .
Zamka said the rocks will serve " as a reminder of man 's reach and man 's grit as they go out and explore . "
Earlier Thursday , the two shuttle astronauts who swung open the window shutters on the observation deck for the first time Wednesday were rendered almost speechless when they gazed at the Earth 220 miles below .
" It 's going to be so hard to put into words the view that we see out those beautiful seven windows , " astronaut Kay Hire said in a news conference .
" The best way I can think of is comparing a black and white analogue picture to a super high - def color picture .
It 's just phenomenal what we can see out there . "
Endeavour delivered the Italian - built Tranquility and lookout last week , a more than $ 400 million addition that brought the space station to 98 percent of completion .
Four shuttle visits remain to haul up supplies , spare parts and science experiments .
Mission Control congratulated the astronauts for " a docked mission of Olympic proportions . "
The shuttle is due back on Earth late Sunday night .
" You are officially the only folks who are able to get more hang time than Shaun White , " Mission Control noted in a message .
The five space station astronauts have been keeping on top of the Olympics .
The orbiting outpost finally got Internet access last month .
" The distance has become closer , " said Japanese astronaut Soichi Noguchi .
" I can access the Olympic results just like you on Earth . "
Explore further First Internet , now bay window at space station
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Colleges playing themselves -- or not
With the Academy Awards around the corner , a college guidance company has assembled a list of 10 " Leading Role " college campuses that have played themselves to memorable effect on the big screen .
Here is the list , from WiseChoice , in Alexandia .
( The descriptions are theirs . )
1. Columbia University - President Obama 's alma mater and one of the world 's top academic and research institutions , Columbia has served as the backdrop for numerous films including " Spider Man , " " Marathon Man " and " Hitch . "
2. Harvard University - Consistently ranked as one of the best Ivy League universities and set in picturesque New England , it 's no surprise Harvard has starred in such popular films as " Legally Blonde , " " Love Story " and " With Honors . "
3. Indiana University - Home of the Hoosiers and 24 national championships , this " Big Ten " school appeared in the 1979 Oscar - winning picture " Breaking Away . "
4. Louisiana State University -
The LSU Tigers have graduated numerous student - athletes to professional sports teams , making it the ideal setting for " Everybody 's All American , " a movie covering 25 years in the life of a college football hero .
5. Marshall University - Named after John Marshall , former Chief Justice of the United States , this West Virginia school was the genuine locale for " We Are Marshall , " a true , inspiring tale of a plane crash that claimed the lives of members of the university 's football team and its struggle to rebound .
6. Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) -
A world - class learning institution with an appetite for big , intractable and complicated problems , MIT was undeniably the best location to film " Good Will Hunting , " winner of two Academy Awards ( Best Original Screenplay and Best Supporting Actor ) .
7. University of Chicago - Featured in the opening scene of " When Harry Met Sally , " the University of Chicago sets the stage for this Oscar - nominated ( Best Original Screenplay ) comedy of two characters who are confronted with the question , " Can a man and woman just be friends ? "
8. University of Notre Dame - Chronicling the life of Daniel " Rudy " Ruettiger , who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles , " Rudy " captures the home and spirit of the Fighting Irish .
9. University of Southern California - Selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry as being culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant , " The Graduate , " winner of the Best Director Oscar , portrayed USC admirably .
10 . Wellesley College -
This prestigious school counts Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , producer / screenwriter Nora Ephron and ABC World News anchor Diane Sawyer among its alumnae , making it a model location for the coming - of - age film , " Mona Lisa Smile . "
And here are a few " stand - in " colleges , playing the parts of other schools .
( Again , the descriptions come from WiseChoice ) :
Agnes Scott College - Best Picture nominee " The Blind Side " ( Movie Campus : University of Mississippi ) and " The Four Seasons " ( Movie Campus : unnamed ) were both filmed at this Georgia gem .
Fairleigh Dickinson University , Fordham University and Manhattan College -
All three higher - learning institutions played a part in the Oscar - winner , " A Beautiful Mind " ( Movie Campus : Princeton University ) .
UCLA and University of Wisconsin -
These campuses got no respect in " Back to School , " which opted for the fictitious name Grand Lakes University .
Union College - Located in Schenectady , NY , this liberal arts school was the stand in for an unnamed campus in the Oscar - winning " The Way We Were . "
University of Oregon -
As the backdrop for " Animal House , " one of the most popular college movies of all time , the University of Oregon is referred to as the fictional Faber College .
University of Southern California - Although most of the Oscar - winning " Forrest Gump " takes place in Alabama , scenes at the University of Alabama actually were filmed at USC .
Yale University -
This private Ivy League school appeared in " Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , " as fictional Marshall College .
Please follow College Inc. all day , every day at washingtonpost.com/college-inc .
And for all our college news , campus reports and admissions advice , please see our new HIgher Education page at washingtonpost.com / higher-ed .
Bookmark it !
Paul on Future of Fed
Rep. Paul Kanjorski ( D - PA ) and Rep. Ron Paul ( R - TX ) share their opposing views of the Fed and Chairman Ben Bernanke .
From what Pixar 's revealed in its various teasers and trailers to date , there 's a lot for fans to look forward to when " Toy Story 3 " arrives in theaters on June 18 .
Aside from the return of Woody , Buzz and scads of other toys I 'll be eying in stores over the coming months , there 's one special character I 'm really stoked to see - even if only in a brief cameo .
Hayao Miyazaki's Totoro can be seen cold chillin ' alongside Andy 's crew in the latest TS3 trailer as Woody harnesses the power of a Mac .
His plush persona may not be billowing friendly messages to rural girls with a sick mother , but he does look pretty snuggly .
At the end of the day , that 's all fans can really ask for .
No word on whether he 'll be in more of the film , but I 'm crossing my fingers ...
Catch the stuffed keeper of the forest 's cameo at around 48 seconds in after the jump .
[ Via MTV Splash Page ]
After Zetta Elliott could n't interest publishers in her novel about a black - Latina teen who travels back in time to Civil War-era Brooklyn , she joined a growing number of writers and paid to publish it herself in 2008 .
A Wish After Midnight sold about 500 copies — nearly covering her expenses , she says .
More important , she says , her teen novel was praised on blogs and used in schools and libraries .
But when an editor from Amazon , the online retailer , called last year offering to publish it , Elliott says , " I thought it was a hoax . "
It was n't .
This month , her novel , along with Daniel Annechino 's They Never Die Quietly and Maria Murname 's Perfect on Paper , will be released as AmazonEncore paperbacks , e-books and audios .
All three were previously self - published as part of Amazon 's print - on - demand subsidiary , among more than 10,000 self - published titles sold online .
Amazon vice president Jeff Belle says the company 's first venture into traditional publishing " identifies great books that we think have been overlooked and brings them to a wider audience . "
It 's starting small , but , Belle says , " we plant a lot of seeds . "
Last August , AmazonEncore released its only other book , Legacy , a fantasy by Cayla Kluver , 16 , when she and her mother self - published it in 2008 .
Belle says Legacy has sold about 2,000 copies .
That 's not much for a big publisher , but he says , " We 're not in the business of stacking huge piles of books in the front of bookstores . "
Belle and Elliott wo n't reveal details of their contract .
Belle says AmazonEncore does n't pay advances to authors , only a " competitive royalty " based on sales .
He says Amazon editors use customer reviews and sales data to find promising books .
Elliott , 38 , a visiting professor at Mt. Holyoke College , says she 's thrilled to be " part of an opportunity that encourages authors to take back their power " by bypassing major publishing houses .
Amazon 's major rivals , Barnes and Noble and Borders , list AmazonEncore titles on their websites and say that , depending on demand , they may carry them in their physical stores as well .
Given Amazon 's dispute with publishers over e-book pricing , Michael Norris , an analyst with Simba Information , sees the experiment as a sign of Amazon 's ambitions .
But he says it 's far from " the top of the things ( big ) publishers have to worry about .
It 's something to watch and see if it grows or goes away . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
A Vatican synod being convened by Monsignor Nikola Eterovic will address an internal document addressing the plight of the dwindling Christian minority in the rapidly growing Islamic population in the Mideast .
150 bishops are expected to attend the synod which will be held on October 10 - 24 .
The internal Vatican documents pertaining to the meeting place the ongoing Israel - PA ( Palestinian Authority ) conflict at the heart of regional instability and conflict , adding “ radical terrorism ” over recent years exploited the conflict towards advancing political Islam in countries including Egypt .
Israel ’s “ ongoing occupation ” is blamed for restricted access to houses of worship in those areas , hampering religious life .
In Iraq , the report states all Iraqis became victims but the small and weak Christian population was among the principal victims .
The Vatican believes the solution remains in the hands of “ the stronger countries , to settle the conflict between Israel and the PA .
A Vatican statement added “ Violence is in the hands of the strong and weak alike , the latter resorting to whatever violence is within reach in order to be free . ”
When asked if the Vatican document was referring to yishuvim throughout Yehuda and Shomron and ongoing construction in the eastern capital , Eterovic explained that while the Vatican was not making policy decisions , it does adhere to and accept the resolutions of the United Nations Security Council , which in this case , support the Roadmap Plan and the establishment of an independent Palestinian state .
The bishop added that while many of the 17 million Christians living between Iran and Egypt have fled , the numbers of Christians in the region has grown due to the influx of manual laborers , Christians , in a number of Arab countries , some that had a minimal or no Christian presence prior to their arrival .
( Yechiel Spira – YWN Israel )
The best part about dominoes ?
Watching them fall down .
The worst part ?
Setting them back up again .
The Ouroborus Domino sculpture turns the worst part into the best part and makes me dizzy in the process .
[ Doobybrain via SlipperyBrick ]
Advertisement
President Hugo Chavez says a US military aircraft entered Venezuelan airspace , and he has accused the United States and the Netherlands of " provocative action . "
The United States has denied the charge .
Chavez said on Friday he ordered two F - 16 jets to intercept a P - 3 Orion anti-submarine / surveillance aircraft that entered Venezuelan airspace from the nearby Netherlands Antilles .
The US plane returned to the Dutch Caribbean island of Curacao after it twice entered Venezuelan airspace , where it spent a total of about half an hour and was escorted out by the F - 16s .
" We 're not inventing anything when we say the government of Holland must assume their responsibilities , " the firebrand leftist leader said .
Kate Nichols is a painter trained in 15th century Northern Renaissance techniques .
But this week she will give a presentation at TED , perhaps the most prestigious big - think technology conference .
Her topic ?
Nanotechnology .
It might sound bizarre , but when you listen to the story of Nichols ' quest to recreate the brilliant blue iridescence of the Morpho butterfly , her scientific presentation makes perfect sense .
Nichols learned painting as painters did in 15th century Flanders : by apprenticing under a master and learning to make her own paints .
She became skilled at creating the type of complex colors only possible as light travels through thin layers of oil glaze .
But she eventually found that no amount of layering could recreate the complexity she saw in the Morpho butterfly 's wings .
[ More images and more about the artist after the jump ]
Studying with mathematician Judy Holdener at Kenyon College , Nichols discovered that the brilliance of the butterfly 's wings did not come from chemical coloring , as is the case with paint , but from the shape of super tiny structures inside the wing .
It 's called structural color , and it became Nichol 's goal to incorporate it into her work .
" I realized that I would have to use architectures much smaller than those you can create with thin oil glazes in order to generate structural color effects , " Nichols said .
Enter nanotechnology .
Through some research of her own , Nichols realized she needed to work at the nanoscale .
So she wrote an email to Paul Alivisatos , who runs a nanotechnology lab at the University of California at Berkeley ( he 's also director of Lawrence Berkeley National Lab ) .
In 2008 , she became the first artist - in - residence in his lab .
Nichols was recently named a TED fellow .
See her TED page here .
Also check out her website to see her nano - art as well as her amazing oil paintings .
IMAGES :
1. Morpho. 18 " x 7 " .
Silver nanoparticles , silver halide emulsion , gelatin , glass microscope slides .
2009 .
The black elements in this piece are glass microscope slides coated in gelatin and a silver photographic emulsion .
The yellow and the blue are silver nanoparticles .
They appear to be different colors when viewed with reflected light versus transmitted light .
Inserting a black slide behind one of the nanoparticle - coated slides inhibits the transmitted light , emphasizing the reflected , resulting in a blue color .
Nichols likes the juxtaposition of the colorful nanoscale silver with the more familiar black and gray forms of silver .
2. Calibrate 1 . 8 " x 5 " , Silver nanoprisms , glass capillaries .
2009 .
The color in this piece is due to a phenomenon called plasmon resonance .
" I love thinking about plasmon resonance–likely , because I paint motion and grew up dancing , " Nichols said .
When light comes into contact with a metal , electrons are displaced .
Because the electrons are attracted to the nuclei of the metallic atoms , the electrons fall back into their original positions only to be exiled again , over and over .
This oscillatory dance is called a plasmon and we perceived it as color when the wavelength falls within the visible spectrum .
3. Mirrored lamellae 2 . 3 " x 3 " .
Silver nanoparticles , silver halide emulsion , gelatin , glass microscope slides , wax .
2009 .
This piece because demonstrates best how the colors change depending on the viewer 's perspective .
The detail shows how it look pinks from one angle and blue from another .
Nichols called it " mirrored lamella " because to create it she layered clear microscope slides on top of black slides covered with a photographic emulsion to create a mirror ( she also learned Victorian mirror making techniques ! ) .
The image on the nanoparticle - coated slide reverberates through these layers , causing interesting , colorful effects .
Sienna Miller is popping pills to enhance her bust .
The 24 year - old blonde - who has recently finished filming ' The Factory Girl ' in New York - was left devastated after she dropped down to 7st 5lbs for the role , and her bust size dropped down to a 32B .
Sienna is now popping £ 200 - a - pack boob - enhancing herbal capsules , which contain fenugreek , yam root , kelp and fennel seed , that promise to increase boobs by a cup size .
According to Britain's Grazia magazine , Sienna , who has reportedly dumped Hayden Christensen to rekindle her romance with Jude Law - told friends : " I do n't even need a bra now .
It 'd be wonderful to have some womanly curves again , I dream about it . "
Tagged in Sienna Miller
