In a land of hardship and resignation and deep faith , the disaster along the Shatt al Arab appears to some as the work of a higher power .
“ We ca n’t control what God does , ” said Rashid Thajil Mutashar , the deputy director of water resources in Basra .
Image Credit ...
The New York Times
But man has had a hand in the river ’s decline .
Turkey , Syria and Iran have all harnessed the headwaters that flow into the Tigris and Euphrates and ultimately into the Shatt al Arab , leaving Iraqi officials with little to do but plead for them to release more from their modern networks of dams .
The environment problem became particularly acute last year when Iran cut the flow entirely from the Karun River , which meets the Shatt south of Basra , for 10 months .
The flow resumed after the winter rains , but at a fraction of earlier levels .
In the 1980s Iran and Iraq fought over the Shatt al Arab , which forms the southernmost border between the countries and is still littered with the rusting hulks of sunken ships from that war .
Now , despite improved relations after the fall of Saddam Hussein , the river has once again become a source of diplomatic tension .
“ The water is from God , ” said Mohammed Sadoon , a farmer and fisherman in the village of Abu Khasib , who sold two water buffaloes last year because he could no longer provide them with potable water from the Shatt .
“ They should n’t seize it from us . ”
Bisphenol A . Also called BPA , it 's used to make shatter - proof plastic known as polycarbonate , found in everything from water bottles to medical devices to the lining of food packaging .
As much as 2.7 million tons of plastics are manufactured each year with BPA .
But it 's also an endocrine disruptor posing a threat to fetuses and young children .
And it ’s been linked to cancer and metabolic disorders leading to obesity .
So how can plastics be properly disposed of to avoid releasing BPA into the environment ?
Some fungus may help .
So say researchers publishing in the journal Biomacromolecules .
[ Trishul Artham and Mukesh Doble , http://bit.ly/9hEfIw]
The scientists selected three fungi that are already used for environmental cleanup .
They wanted to optimize conditions for the fungi to break down polycarbonate , so first they treated the plastic with ultraviolet light and heat .
Untreated polycarbonate served as a control .
After 12 months , the untreated plastic had n’t decomposed at all .
But the fungi had munched through the treated plastic and used it all as an energy source .
Even better , the BPA had been entirely broken down as well .
Tests of the sample found no BPA residue .
That ’s good news in the effort to mop up a persistant pollutant .
— Cynthia Graber
[ The above text is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
Frogs can make great pets for the right person , but frogs in the wild are facing population declines and extinction largely as a result of human activities .
Unfortunately , the pet trade is likely contributing to the amphibian extinction crisis and the spread of a devastating infection by Chytrid fungus .﻿﻿
For this reason , you should only buy frogs that you are sure are captive bred locally and tested to be free of disease whenever possible .
Avoid capturing wild frogs and keeping them as pets .
Breed Overview Scientific Name : Pyxicephalus adspersus Common Name : Frog Adult Size : 2 to 5 - 1/2 inches Life Expectancy : 4-15 years
Caring for Pet Frogs
Frogs in captivity are quite long - lived ( with proper care ) so be prepared for a long term commitment .
Average life spans are typically four to fifteen years , although some frogs have been known to live longer .﻿﻿
Some of the smallest frogs you might see in a pet store grow into giants .
Sometimes their name adds to the confused expectations ( e.g. , " pixie " frogs , which sound like they should be small , are actually African bullfrogs which grow to be eight to nine inches long and very fat ) .
They get their cute name from their Latin name , Pyxicephalus adspersus .
Some people might find pet frogs to be boring , but some of the smaller frogs are actually quite active .
However , many of the larger frogs are sedentary and do n't move around much .
Frogs are not a pet that should be handled regularly due to their special , sensitive skin .
If you travel often and tend to leave town for more than a couple of days at a time , keep in mind that it can sometimes be difficult to find someone to care for your frogs .
1:31 Everything You Need to Know About Pet Frogs
Housing Frogs
Setting up a tank with everything your frog needs before bringing them home should be done to ensure a proper environment with appropriate water , humidity , and heat requirements .
Some frogs hibernate and you will have to provide certain conditions to make sure your frog does so safely .
Make sure you know the right kind of tank your frog will need ( i.e. aquatic , terrestrial , arboreal , or semi-aquatic ) .
A half land and half water environment is probably the trickiest to set up but is also one of the most common types of tank needed for frogs .
Keeping a frog enclosure clean can be a lot of work .﻿﻿
Many frogs have fairly simple light , temperature , and humidity requirements but they are very sensitive to contaminants and waste in their environment .
Food and Water
Your frog 's diet will vary based on its species , but generally speaking , frogs are carnivores who eat live prey .﻿﻿
Many frogs eat insects , including crickets , worms , caterpillars , moths , grasshoppers .
Some of the larger frogs will even eat pinky mice .
You can purchase live prey at your local pet store .
Be sure that fresh and clean water is available to your frog at all times .
Good Frog Species for Beginners
As with any other kind of pet , doing lots of research prior to deciding on the type of frog that best suits your needs is the best way to make sure you and your frog will be happy .
Dwarf Frogs :
These are small , active , completely aquatic , and are among the easiest of frogs to keep in captivity .
They are very popular pet frogs .
: These are small , active , completely aquatic , and are among the easiest of frogs to keep in captivity .
They are very popular pet frogs .
Oriental Fire Bellied Toads :
These are semi- terrestrial frogs that are fairly active and relatively easy to keep as pets .
: These are semi- terrestrial frogs that are fairly active and relatively easy to keep as pets .
White 's Tree Frog :
White 's are terrestrial tree frogs that are docile and easy to keep but they do tend to be fairly inactive so some people find them boring as pets .
: White 's are terrestrial tree frogs that are docile and easy to keep but they do tend to be fairly inactive so some people find them boring as pets .
African Clawed Frogs :
These are aquatic frogs that get quite large ( be careful not to confuse young African clawed frogs with the much smaller dwarf clawed frogs ) but their care is not that difficult .
: These are aquatic frogs that get quite large ( be careful not to confuse young African clawed frogs with the much smaller dwarf clawed frogs ) but their care is not that difficult .
American Green Tree Frogs :
These tree frogs are another species that are suitable for beginners .
: These tree frogs are another species that are suitable for beginners .
Pacman Frogs : Mostly terrestrial , pacman frogs are pretty easy to care for but get quite large and are pretty sedentary .
Saturday Morning arrives , and like a trusted companion , the Bun Toons is always here !
Reliable , honest , hardworking , and totally free , you lucky sons of guns .
Today , the legend of the Canine in the Large Chapeau … .
the Woof Woof with the Immense Cap … . the Puppy with the Giant Fedora … it ’s …
When tragedy strikes , pray you ’re told of the news by a really cute cartoon pooch with a sombrero like a pie plate .
And now , this :
Hey !
By the time you ’re reading this , I ’ll be at the South Convention Centre building in Toronto , helping to celebrate FAN APPRECIATION weekend .
That means that I ’ll be shaking hands , doing sketches , and telling stories about the comics industry that would easily get me sued .
I ’ll also be presenting an award at THE JOE SHUSTER AWARDS ceremony , and ( most likely ) losing an award in the category I ’m nominated for ( best script , for my STAR TREK GRAPHIC NOVEL , Star Trek : Mission ’s End ) .
I ’ll be crossing my fingers , and my toes , AND the Rubicon , but it wo n’t work .
Tomorrow , come back here for the special “ I did n’t win and the whole thing is silly anyway … who needs # $ ) ( #@ $ ) ( awards ?! ” rant .
Tell you what …win or not , I ’ll have a special NEVER BEFORE SEEN STAR TREK artwork blog post that you ’ll enjoy .
‘ Specially the Trekkies !
That ’s it for today .
Keep on breathing fellow babies , and try not to spill anything all over the Gulf of Mexico , or you ’ll go straight to hell .
Ty The Guy
to share post :
By Richard Reeves - May 25 , 2010
LOS ANGELES --
In a rather charming video at randpaul2010.com , the Republican candidate for the United States Senate from Kentucky , Rand Paul himself , a libertarian by birthright , says that he was not named for Ayn Rand .
The writer is acclaimed as a prophet by many libertarians , although she once said she would rather vote for the Marx Brothers than a libertarian .
No , says Paul .
The candidate chuckles and says his first name was actually " Randal . "
His wife called him " Rand " and it stuck .
He goes on to express great admiration for the other Rand , the lady who invented " Objectivism " as a raging individualistic , anti-government political and cultural philosophy in the 1940s .
He read all her books and she led him , intellectually , to the Austrian school of " laissez faire " economics and governance -- which finally can mean no government .
I would guess that he has also read Federalist Paper 51 , written as an anti-big government tract in 1788 by James Madison .
If he has not , he should , although it is probably too late .
In the flush of his victory in the Republican primary last week , he stretched his own anti-government attitude to more or less defend segregation and attack government for picking on corporations just because they destroy things like the national economy or the Gulf of Mexico .
This is what Madison could have told him in the paper that famously argued for " checks and balances " in a democratic society :
" Ambition must be made to counteract ambition .
The interest of the man must be connected with the constitutional rights of the place .
It may be a reflection on human nature , that such devices should be necessary to control the abuses of government .
But what is government itself , but the greatest of all reflections on human nature ?
If men were angels , no government would be necessary .
If angels were to govern men , neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary .
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men , the great difficulty lies in this :
You must first enable the government to control the governed ; and in the next place oblige it to control itself . "
Ironically , the most recent ( and fatally flawed ) comparison of men and angels came from the most famous of Ayn Rand 's acolytes , Alan Greenspan , who worked for the lady when he was a young man .
He went on to great distinction , becoming chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve for 18 years .
In explaining how he missed the warning signs of the housing and market bubbles from that lofty perch he said :
" I made a mistake in presuming that the self - interests of organizations , specifically banks and others , were such that they were best capable of protecting their own shareholders and their equity in the firms . "
Ah , yes .
If bankers were angels we might not need a Federal Reserve system .
And they are not the only anti-regulation , anti-government conservatives to ignore the necessary connection between human nature and governance .
In last Sunday 's New York Times , Sam Tanenhaus recounted William F. Buckley 's epiphany on states rights , civil rights and big government , writing :
" One fierce opponent of civil rights legislation , William F. Buckley Jr. , admitted as much .
' I once believed we could evolve our way up from Jim Crow , ' Mr. Buckley said in 2004 .
' I was wrong : federal intervention was necessary . ' "
Ah , yes .
If only those Southern sheriffs and their ilk were angels .
Rand Paul , it seems , is going to try to stay out of sight and sound for a while .
He canceled a coveted spot on " Meet the Press " last Sunday .
I assume he is sitting down now with friends and advisers to try to figure out how to turn his principles and philosophy into sane political patter .
His charm and ideas may have been salable in a Republican primary in a border state , but he sounded like a fool in the days after his Kentucky victory .
He may be revealed as a great philosopher .
But politics is n't philosophy , or as Peter Finley Dunne said a long time ago , " It ai n't beanbag . "
And governance ai n't a tea party .
The Republicans have been thriving on the conventional wisdom that they will do well in November because voters are angry at Washington .
That might happen .
But the contradictions between human nature and what Republicans are talking about these days could deflate that particular political bubble .
IT MAY seem ridiculous , but in the hunt for sources of alternative energy researchers have come up with fuel cells which are powered by cheese — or at least whey , a by - product in cheese making .
Whey is rich in lactose , a sugar which Georgia Antonopoulou , a biochemical engineer at the University of Patras , Greece , says can be consumed by cultures of bacteria contained within a fuel cell to generate an electric current .
Microbial fuel cells , as such devices are known , are not a new idea but they are attracting more attention .
The organic content of whey can pose an environmental hazard and many governments now impose strict regulations requiring factories to pay for its treatment before disposal .
Whey constitutes about 70 % of the volume of the milk used to make cheese .
So , just one small feta facility will need to dispose of as much as 4,000 tonnes of whey in a single year , says Dr Antonopoulou .
Microbial fuel cells could help , and not just in the cheese - making industry .
Breweries , pig farms , food - processing plants and even sewage works could gain from the technology .
Traditional fuel cells work by using a catalytic material to oxidise a fuel , such as hydrogen , and make an electric current flow between two electrodes .
Microbial fuel cells function in much the same way except that the catalytic reactions are carried out by bacteria contained within the fuel - cell chamber .
Under anaerobic conditions ( where oxygen is absent ) they metabolise the fuel by feeding off it and in doing so produce natural chemical reactions that produce a current .
In theory microbial fuel cells can run on almost any kind of organic matter , says Chris Melhuish , head of the Bristol Robotics Laboratory , England .
“ All you have to do is match the microbial culture with the type of stuff you want to use as fuel , ” he says .
Dr Melhuish has been trying to power robots on domestic waste - water , but it is tricky .
Ideally you would want to use cheap raw - waste products , he says .
But traditionally the fuel cells work best with a refined fuel in the form of solutions containing synthetic sugars , such as glucose .
However , Dr Antonopoulou has now shown that , using a culture of bacteria obtained from her local waste - water plant , it is possible to get almost as much power from raw whey as from refined fuel , provided the whey is diluted .
The trouble is the power output still only amounts to milliwatts , barely enough to trickle - charge a cellphone .
And working with raw waste water also presents challenges .
Initially Dr Antonopoulou and her colleagues found that the coulombic efficiency of their cells — a measure of how many electrons produced actually flow into a circuit — was particularly low , at around just 2 % .
This turned out to be because a second set of microbes , within the whey itself , was absorbing them .
So , by sterilising the whey first to kill these other bugs they have now boosted the coulombic efficiency to around 25 % .
The total power of the device should improve further with a new design that increases the surface area of the electrodes within the fuel cell .
One of the biggest obstacles is a lack of investment to develop materials that would work better with microbial fuel cells .
If the various hurdles can be overcome and the devices can be scaled up to industrial levels , then the technology can only mature ; just like a good cheese .
commanded the Pentagon 's Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) , which oversees the military 's special operations forces .
These are the military 's clandestine forces that carry out raids into other co
commanded the Pentagon 's Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) , which oversees the military 's special operations forces .
These are the military 's clandestine forces that carry out raids into other co
34 members of the task force were disciplined and five Army Rangers were ultimately convicted of prisoner abuse at
34 members of the task force were disciplined and five Army Rangers were ultimately convicted of prisoner abuse at
in charge of a task force that abused detainees and used torture during interrogation at
in charge of a task force that abused detainees and used torture during interrogation at
2007
-
i
n a March report by the Department of Defense , the Inspector General singled
McChrystal
out for his role in the cover - up of the caus
e of death of ex-NFL star and U
S soldier Pat Tillman .
The report faulted
McChrystal
for failing to immediately notify Tillman 's family of the military 's suspicions that Tillman 's death was the result of “ friendly fire . ”
Duke University in North Carolina is where Usenet began , and today the institution is shutting down its Usenet server .
The college cites " low usage and rising costs " for the decision .
The first messages began flowing in 1980 , after two Duke students Tom Truscott and Jim Ellis , developed the protocol , using UUCP as a transport and modems ( two 300 baud auto - diallers ) and telephone lines as the backbone .
The system was unveiled at a Usenix meeting in January 1980 , in which the two students distributed a five page handout called " Invitation to a General Access UNIX Network " to attendees .
Their goal , they said , was " a poor man 's Arpanet " .
By the time Arpanet evolved into today 's internet , Usenet was already hugely popular , and evolved its own sophisticated nntp protocol .
And what a legacy .
" Many social aspects of online communication – from emoticons and slang acronyms such as LOL to flame wars – originated or were popularized on Usenet , " notes the college .
It was also a nice example of a distributed system , with messages propagating to servers around the world .
No Fail Whales here .
But then the original engineers actually had an education in how computer systems worked , rather than focussing on making privacy policies fade out of view using Javascript .
The definitive history of Usenet by the late Michael Hauben is here , in Ascii .
Duke 's announcement , accompanied by pictures of genuine Unix beardies , is here . ®
After a very long wait , it ’s being reported that root access has finally been achieved on the tough - as - nails HTC Droid Incredible .
The team behind Unrevoked – the same team that came out with one of the root methods for the HTC EVO 4G – are the benefactors in this milestone , however the process for rooting the Incredible is n’t as simple as it is on their other supported devices .
Taking a look at the instructions , it does appear to be quite a risky process ( compared to other methods , anyway ) , but taking your time and ensuring you follow each step very carefully could take you a long way .
The team is working on getting an easier process out in the near future , but if you have the guts to get your hands dirty , make your way to Unrevoked now for the full instructions .
You might also want to sign up for an XDA account if you have n’t already and report any issues you come across at this thread .
[ Update ] :
And if you fancy mingling with the crowd at our sister site AndroidForums.com , then a root section for the Droid Incredible has been opened over there for you to do just that .
Thanks , Anonimac !
A few days ago , when I wrote about my grandfather , I was touched by the support I received in the form of emails and comments .
I called my grandmother actually , and read her a few of the messages bloggers and non-bloggers had left describing their personal relationship between food and family .
At the expense of sounding sappy , it made me realize how much I enjoy blogging .
I really do .
As for my grandmother , she said I ought to cook a nice dinner for everyone .
Since we ’re all scattered around the world , however , I thought I ’d share with you the next best thing , a post on one of my favorite refreshing pasta dishes you can enjoy all summer .
mise en place
This dish takes approximately 11 - 13 minutes to put together – depending on the time it takes to cook your favorite kind of pasta .
For this dish , and most others in fact , I go with farfalle .
I like how they look on the plate ; butterflies or bow ties , they have a simple elegance to them .
Perhaps I can also argue that the perfectly - pinched middle creates deep nooks ideal for the yogurt sauce to settle in , but this dish is n’t that fussy , in fact , any pasta shape will do – and if you want more sauce , go ahead and eat with a spoon , no one ’s looking .
garlic paste
For this dish you ’ll want to mince , or pretty much smash , the garlic into a smooth paste .
If you add salt to the garlic while you ’re mincing , the friction will help break down the cell walls of the garlic and also help create a smooth , paste - like consistency .
yogurt sauce with dried mint & garlic
The sauce is the what makes the dish special .
Throughout the Middle East , Greece and the rest of the Mediterranean , yogurt is predominantly used for savory dishes .
The yogurt has a cooling effect that helps counteract the spicy heat of the raw garlic and also acts as a smooth , creamy sauce for pasta .
Pasta with Mint Yogurt Sauce approx 4 - 6 servings Components 1 lb pasta
24 oz plain , whole milk yogurt ( 3/4 large container )
1 1/2 – 2 tbsp dried mint
1 - 2 cloves of garlic , finely minced
salt , to taste
extra -virgin olive oil , optional Putting them all together Make sauce by mixing together yogurt , garlic and mint .
Set aside at room temperature .
Bring water to a boil , season with plenty of salt ( 1 - 2 tbsp ) , and cook pasta according to instructions on the box .
Once pasta is done cooking , drain very well and mix with yogurt sauce that has been sitting at room temperature .
Season with salt and drizzle with a little extra virgin olive oil .
notes :
If you want a thicker sauce , try using a combination of Greek ( strained ) yogurt and regular yogurt .
I prefer mine to be more on the light refreshing side , so I only use regular yogurt .
A prominent human rights group accused the CIA of conducting illegal human experiments and unethical medical research during interrogations of high - profile terrorism suspects under the George W. Bush administration .
Physicians for Human Rights charged Monday that CIA doctors and other medical personnel collected data to study and calibrate the use of waterboarding , sleep deprivation , severe pain and other “ enhanced ” interrogation techniques , but did so under the guise of trying to protect the detainees ’ health .
CIA officials rejected the conclusions of the 30 - page report , saying the government did not conduct human experiments on prisoners , which would have violated U.S. and international law .
“ The report ’s just wrong , ” said CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano .
“ The CIA did not , as part of its past detention program , conduct human subject research on any detainee or group of detainees .
The entire detention effort has been the subject of multiple , comprehensive reviews within our government , including by the Department of Justice . ”
The physicians group spent two years evaluating declassified but redacted records about harsh treatment of detainees after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks and did not obtain additional material .
It called for a White House and congressional investigation of its charges .
“ The crime of illegal experimentation is equal to the crime of torture , ” Nathaniel Raymond , lead author of the report , said in a conference call with reporters .
The CIA confirmed in February 2008 that interrogators had used waterboarding — in which water is poured on a prisoner ’s face to simulate drowning — on three suspects in 2002 and 2003 .
Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , the self - described mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks , was waterboarded 183 times .
After taking office last year , President Obama banned the practice , which his administration called torture , but he declined calls for a criminal investigation of CIA officers and others who had used the technique .
After the Sept. 11 attacks , Bush administration lawyers approved CIA use of waterboarding , forced nudity , stress positions , extreme temperatures and other so - called enhanced techniques as long as doctors ensured the interrogators did not inflict “ severe physical and mental pain . ”
The group , based in Cambridge , Mass. , said the complicity of doctors , psychologists and other health professionals at those sessions enabled “ the routine practice of torture ” and helped provide protection against potential criminal liability .
Medical personnel were “ required to monitor all waterboarding practices and collect detailed medical information that was used to design , develop and deploy subsequent waterboarding procedures , ” the report said .
At one point , the report said , doctors recommended adding salt to the water used in waterboarding .
Records show they hoped a saline solution would reduce the risk of pneumonia or hyponatremia , a condition where excessive ingestion of water lowers blood sodium levels .
Hyponatremia can lead to coma and death .
Dr. Alan Keller , director of the Bellevue / NYU Program for Survivors of Torture in New York , said the study of waterboarding data “ certainly should be considered ” unethical medical research on prisoners without their consent .
“ But it ’s also junk science , the notion that it ’s safer to drown in the ocean than in the pool . ”
CIA doctors analyzed data from 25 detainees who had undergone various enhanced interrogations to determine which technique was most likely to increase the subject ’s “ susceptibility to severe pain , ” the report said .
Health professionals also monitored sleep deprivation of more than a dozen detainees , and then made recommendations on the effect of keeping a prisoner awake for 48 hours to 180 hours .
Dr. Scott Allen , co-director of the Center for Prisoner Health and Human Rights at Brown University , said doctors should have refused to participate in the interrogations for ethical and legal reasons .
“ Whether they considered it research or not is irrelevant , ” he said .
“ All the data points to the fact that these techniques were designed to cause harm , cause pain and cause suffering , so it ’s ridiculous to claim you can make them safe , ” he added .
bob.drogin@latimes.com
The New York Times has just released their official app for Android .
Now you can stay up to date on all the latest news and sports from one of the top news reporters in the world .
This app will also allow you to read articles offline and it ’s a free download in the market .
It ’s only available for 2.0 and above .
Market Description :
The NYTimes app for Android allows you to enjoy the award - winning journalism of The New York Times on your Android smartphone , free of charge .
Specifically designed to utilize the features and navigation of the Android , this app includes : unique video display , various sharing tools , offline reading and font size adjustment .
Nintendo announced Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword at their E3 press briefing a few hours ago .
Miyamoto himself demonstrated the game at the show with the Wii motion - plus controller which will be used during gameplay to control the sword & shield .
Although the demonstration was hampered a bit due to some technical difficulties , Miyamoto assured that it was due to some some wireless interference and the game can be played at the Nintendo Booth without any difficulties .
Nintendo has also released the first trailer for Legend of Zelda Skyword Sword which will be released in 2011 .
Check out the Legend of Zelda Skyword Sword E3 2010 trailer below
A man who told the rest of his family he wanted to be left alone lay dead in bed four years – without anyone noticing , the Leeuwarder Courant reports on Wednesday .
The man , who was 50 , apparently shared the terraced house in the village of Minnertsga with his sisters aged 71 and 44 and brothers aged 61 and 67 .
In 2006 , he told his family he wanted to be left alone in his room and no - one disturbed him until this week .
But when one of his siblings went to tell him about renovation work being carried out on their home , they found he was dead in bed .
The family ’s doctor alerted the police but foul play is not suspected , the paper says .
Minnertsga is a village of some 1,800 inhabitants in the north west of Friesland province .
WASHINGTON ( AFP ) Ã¢â‚¬â€œ Former US vice president Dick Cheney , who has a long history of heart problems , was hospitalized after feeling ill and was not expected to be discharged until next week , his spokesman said .
It was not immediately clear whether the latest hospitalization was related to his past heart troubles , which saw the 69 - year - old Republican hawk suffer his fifth heart attack since 1978 in late February .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Former vice president Cheney was not feeling well and was seen this afternoon by his doctors in their offices at George Washington University , ” spokesman Peter Long said in a statement .
“ On the advice of his physicians , he was admitted to the hospital for further testing .
He is expected to remain in the hospital over the weekend . ”
He has had a long list of health scares , including undergoing quadruple bypass surgery and two artery - clearing angioplasties .
In 2001 , he was fitted with a pacemaker .
Cheney has also twice been treated with electrical shocks for atrial fibrillation , an abnormal heart rhythm that places him at risk of a stroke if not treated , and in 2005 underwent surgery for an arterial aneurysm on the back of each of his knees .
Despite his persistent health problems , Cheney became one of the most powerful vice presidents in US history and has remained on the political scene since leaving office , fiercely criticizing President Barack Obama , a Democrat .
The National Hockey League Players ' Association ( NHLPA ) today announced Alexander Ovechkin as the inaugural recipient of the 2009 - 10 Ted Lindsay Award , presented annually to the " Most Outstanding Player " in the NHL as voted by fellow members of the NHLPA .
Ted Lindsay was on hand to present the players ' award as part of the 2010 NHL Awards , held at the Palms Hotel in Las Vegas .
Ted Lindsay Award finalists , Henrik Sedin of the Vancouver Canucks and Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins , were also in attendance .
" I 'd like to congratulate Alex Ovechkin on receiving this award after another great year .
Receiving this nod of respect from your peers carries a lot of meaning , and I know Alex will cherish this honour , " said Lindsay , following the presentation of the first Ted Lindsay Award .
Ovechkin , of Moscow , Russia , is now the three - time defending recipient of the NHLPA 's " Most Outstanding Player " award , the first player since Wayne Gretzky to do so and also just the third player out of the award 's 22 recipients to accomplish this feat ( along with Guy Lafleur , 1975 - 76 – 1977 - 78 ) .
He appeared in 72 games for the Washington Capitals in 2009 - 10 , finishing amid the top - three players in the league in points ( 109 ) and goals ( 50 ) , while leading the Capitals to their third - consecutive Southeast Division title in 2009 - 10 , as well as to the first Presidents '
Trophy in franchise history .
This is the third straight season that Ovechkin reached the 100 - point plateau and tallied more than 50 goals – reaching the 50 - goal plateau for the fourth time in his five - year career .
On April 29 , 2010 , the Ted Lindsay Award was introduced , and it remains the only award voted on by the players themselves , carrying on the tradition established by the Lester B. Pearson Award .
The Award honours Ted Lindsay , an All - Star forward known for his skill , tenacity , leadership and his role in establishing the original Players ' Association .
In recognition of being named the 2009 - 10 Ted Lindsay Award winner , Ovechkin was presented with an elegant men's watch from Breitling .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 May 13
The Magnificent Horsehead Nebula
Image Credit & Copyright : Marco Burali , Tiziano Capecchi , Marco Mancini ( Osservatorio MTM )
Explanation : Sculpted by stellar winds and radiation , a magnificent interstellar dust cloud by chance has assumed this recognizable shape .
Fittingly named the Horsehead Nebula , it is some 1,500 light - years distant , embedded in the vast Orion cloud complex .
About five light - years " tall " , the dark cloud is cataloged as Barnard 33 and is visible only because its obscuring dust is silhouetted against the glowing red emission nebula IC 434 .
Stars are forming within the dark cloud .
Contrasting blue reflection nebula NGC 2023 , surrounding a hot , young star , is at the lower left .
The gorgeous color image combines both narrowband and broadband images recorded using three different telescopes .
His Facebook account , which he has had since 2005 , is strictly personal .
“ I do n’t want people to know what my movie rentals are , ” he said .
“ If I am sharing something , I want to know what ’s being shared with others . ”
Image Min Liu , thinking about her career , has begun removing personal information from the Web.
Credit ... Michael Nagle for The New York Times
Mistrust of the intentions of social sites appears to be pervasive .
In its telephone survey of 1,000 people , the Berkeley Center for Law and Technology at the University of California found that 88 percent of the 18 - to 24 - year - olds it surveyed last July said there should be a law that requires Web sites to delete stored information .
And 62 percent said they wanted a law that gave people the right to know everything a Web site knows about them .
That mistrust is translating into action .
In the Pew study , to be released shortly , researchers interviewed 2,253 adults late last summer and found that people ages 18 to 29 were more apt to monitor privacy settings than older adults are , and they more often delete comments or remove their names from photos so they can not be identified .
Younger teenagers were not included in these studies , and they may not have the same privacy concerns .
But anecdotal evidence suggests that many of them have not had enough experience to understand the downside to oversharing .
Elliot Schrage , who oversees Facebook ’s global communications and public policy strategy , said it was a good thing that young people are thinking about what they put online .
“ We are not forcing anyone to use it , ” he said of Facebook .
But at the same time , companies like Facebook have a financial incentive to get friends to share as much as possible .
That ’s because the more personal the information that Facebook collects , the more valuable the site is to advertisers , who can mine it to serve up more targeted ads .
Two weeks ago , Senator Charles E. Schumer , Democrat of New York , petitioned the Federal Trade Commission to review the privacy policies of social networks to make sure consumers are not being deliberately confused or misled .
The action was sparked by a recent change to Facebook ’s settings that forced its more than 400 million users to choose to “ opt out ” of sharing private information with third - party Web sites instead of “ opt in , ” a move which confounded many of them .
Mr. Schrage of Facebook said , “ We try diligently to get people to understand the changes . ”
But in many cases , young adults are teaching one another about privacy .
Image caption Thirteen people died in Derry on Bloody Sunday
The report of the Bloody Sunday Inquiry will be published on 15 June , the secretary of state has confirmed .
Owen Paterson said he was " determined to ensure that the arrangements for publication are fair to all those involved " .
Families of those who died or were injured , and the soldiers most directly involved , will be able to see it some hours before it is published .
There will also be a debate in the Commons on the report in the autumn .
Thirteen people died after paratroopers opened fire during a civil rights march in Londonderry on 30 January 1972 .
Another person died of his injuries some time later .
On the morning of publication , relatives and their legal teams will assemble at the Guildhall in Derry to study the report before it is handed over in Westminster .
Tony Doherty , whose father Paddy was killed , said he was " relieved " at the announcement .
" We are looking forward to the date with a degree of trepidation and I would be confident it would vindicate all of those that were killed and wounded on Bloody Sunday , " he said .
" It will also vindicate the approach that the families have taken .
" I think all of those who were killed or injured will be formally declared innocent .
I know that has been done at a political level , but I think it is very important to do that at a judicial level . "
' Difficult campaign '
The inquiry by Lord Saville opened at the Guildhall in 1998 and heard evidence from more than 900 people .
The inquiry finished hearing evidence in 2004 , with the report initially due for publication the following year .
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has welcomed the announcement .
" The families of those murdered on Bloody Sunday have fought a long and difficult campaign for the truth about the events in Derry 38 years ago , " he said .
Foyle MP Mark Durkan said the " deep feelings and needs " of the families needed to be " respected " .
" As those most affected cope with the mixed emotions of the next few weeks , politicians should spare them partisan speculation about the report and insensitive denigration of the inquiry process , " he said .
JHARGRAM , West Bengal :
At least 68 passengers of a Maharashtra - bound express train were killed early Friday and over 200 injured in a Maoist - backed attack which led to derailment of 13 coaches that were hit by a goods train coming from the opposite direction .
The bodies of the passengers were removed from the mangled remains of the ill - fated coaches of the Howrah - Kurla Lokmanya Tilak Gyaneshwari Super Deluxe Express and the injured taken out with the help of gas cutters , a south eastern railway spokesman said .
" The toll could go up , " West Bengal home secretary Samar Ghosh said .
The Maoist - backed People 's Committee against Police Atrocities ( PCPA ) has claimed responsibility for the derailment of the train .
" The PCAPA have left two posters near the rail tracks clearly owning responsibility for the derailment of the Kurla - bound Gyaneswari Express , " IGP ( Law and Order ) S Karpurakayastha said .
The posters read , " We earlier demanded withdrawal of the joint security forces from Jangalmahal ( West Midnapore , Bankura and Purulia ) and end of CPM atrocities , but those demands were not met . "
Another poster demanded immediate withdrawal of the joint forces from the area .
Police have seized both posters .
The incident occurred at 1:30 am when the train was running between Khemasoli and Sardiya stations , about 135 km from Jhargram , south eastern railway officials said .
Surojit Karpurokayastha said that according to preliminary investigation , fish plates were found removed at the derailment site .
Earlier , railway minister Mamata Banerjee said the derailment followed a blast apparently triggered by Maoists who are observing a ' black week ' .
" We suspect Maoist hand behind the blast , " Member ( Traffic ) Railway Board Vivek Sahai said .
He said the driver of the train heard a loud explosion after which the train derailed .
Railways are investigating if the tracks were tampered with , he said .
5 of the 13 derailed coaches fell on an adjacent track and were hit by a goods train coming from the opposite direction , Additional Superintendent of Police , Jhargram , Mukesh Kumar said .
Indian Air Force ( IAF ) helicopters were pressed into service at the accident spot to airlift some of the injured to the hospitals .
Banerjee , who reached the accident spot , said a patrol engine had passed through the area half an hour earlier , but the timing of the blast proved disastrous with a portion of the line being blown away .
She announced a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the next of kin of each of the dead and Rs 1 lakh for the injured .
This is the second Maoist attack on civilians this month .
Naxals had blown up a civilian bus in Dantewada district of Chhattisgarh on May 17 , killing at least 36 people , including 12 Special Police Officers .
The West Bengal home secretary said that the over 200 injured have been shifted to different hospitals and the condition of some of them is critical .
" Some of the critically injured people have been brought to Kolkata for surgical treatment , " he said , adding that 30 of the bodies have been sent to various hospitals for post - mortem .
President Pratibha Patil , who is in China , and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed grief over the loss of lives in the incident .
The Prime Minister announced Rs 2 lakh to the next of the kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 for the injured .
South eastern railway spokesman Soumitra Majumdar said the train had 24 coaches .
After the explosion , 13 including 10 sleeper coaches , derailed of which five were hit by the goods train coming on the opposite track .
The derailment took place at a spot , 150 km from Kolkata .
An unreserved coach , the pantry car and luggage van also derailed , he said .
Relief officials used gas cutters to extricate trapped passengers and bodies from the mangled remains of the affected coaches .
Passengers ’ belongings lay strewn scattered on the tracks .
Angry passengers said the first signs of relief came only around 5 am , three - and - a - half hours after the incident .
Nine of the coaches which were not damaged in the blast took the injured and the other passengers to Kharagpur where they were admitted to hospital .
Anti-Maoist forces were at the spot and assisting the police and rescue personnel in extricating the bodies from four badly damaged sleeper coaches S - 5 , S - 6 , S - 7 and S - 8 .
Helplines have been set up at Kharagpur -- ( 0322 ) 255751 and 255735 , Howrah - ( 033 ) 26382217 , besides a toll free number 10722 .
Helplines have also been set up at Tatanagar ( 0657 ) 2290324 , 2290074 , 2290382 , at Rourkela ( 0661 ) 2511155 , Chakradharpur ( 06587 ) 238072 and Jharsuguda ( 06445 ) 270977 .
Cherie Booth will not be disciplined after she was cleared over comments she made while sparing a violent offender jail .
Several complaints were made over a case the wife of former prime minister Tony Blair dealt with while sitting as a judge at Inner London crown court .
She told Shamso Miah , a devout Muslim , that he would not go to prison after breaking a man 's jaw " based on the fact you are a religious person " .
The comment provoked a complaint from the National Secular Society , who said it was " discriminatory " , as well as several others who read media reports .
The Office for Judicial Complaints said an inquiry was launched after " a number of complaints " were made about " comments reportedly made " by Booth .
A spokeswoman said : " That investigation has concluded and found that Recorder Booth 's observations did not constitute judicial misconduct .
" The lord chancellor and lord chief justice have considered the conclusions of the investigation and agree that no disciplinary action is necessary . "
Miah , 25 , was sentenced to six months in jail , suspended for two years , after the attack in a bank queue in East Ham , east London , when he appeared in court in February .
Terry Sanderson , the president of the National Secular Society , criticised the inquiry into Booth 's actions which he said lacked transparency .
He said : " We hope this episode will serve as a reminder to the judiciary to treat everyone before them equally , regardless of their belief or lack of it , and never to act in a way that might give the perception that this might not be the case .
" We believe we should be informed about how Cherie Booth QC explained the remarks attributed to her , and the basis of the conclusions reached by the lord chancellor and lord chief justice .
" In the absence of such information , we are unable to comment on their decision . "
Alex Wong / Getty Images
Updated : Helen Thomas announced on Monday that she was retiring , moments after the White House Correspondents Association said it was considering stripping her of her front - row press room seat .
The 89 - year - old “ dean of the White House press corps ” had caused an uproar after making remarks in May suggesting that Israeli Jews should “ get the hell out of Palestine ” and return to Germany and Poland “ or wherever they came from . ”
Ms. Thomas , a columnist for Hearst Newspapers who has frequently been critical of Israel , had apologized for the comments .
She made them to a rabbi who interviewed her on videotape outside the White House during a celebration of Jewish heritage in May .
The decision to retire , effective immediately , was announced by Hearst Newspapers , which syndicates her column .
Ms. Thomas will turn 90 on Aug. 4 .
The board of the correspondents association had just met to consider how to respond to her contentious remarks , and had issued this statement :
” Helen Thomas ’ comments were indefensible and the White House Correspondents Association board firmly dissociates itself from them .
Many in our profession who have known
Helen for years were saddened by the comments , which were especially unfortunate in light of her role as a trailblazer on the White House beat .
While Helen has not been a member of the W.H.C.A. for many years , her special status in the briefing room has helped solidify her as the dean of the White House press corps so we feel the need to speak out strongly on this matter .
We want to emphasize that the role of the W.H.C.A. is to represent the White House press corps in its dealings with the White House on coverage - related issues .
We do not police the speech of our members or colleagues .
We are not involved at all in issuing White House credentials , that is the purview of the White House itself .
But the incident does revive the issue of whether it is appropriate for an opinion columnist to have a front row seat in the W.H. briefing room .
That is an issue under the jurisdiction of this board .
We are actively seeking input from our association members on this important matter , and we have scheduled a special meeting of the W.H.C.A. board on Thursday to decide on the seating issue .
Earlier on Monday , Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , condemned the remarks made by Ms. Thomas .
Mr. Gibbs said he had not spoken directly with the president about it .
But , he added : “ Those remarks were offensive and reprehensible .
She should and has apologized .
Obviously those remarks do not reflect , certainly , the opinion of I assume most of the people in here , and certainly not of the administration . ”
See related post on Media Decoder .
Courage Is Contagious
The Pentagon is reportedly looking for Julian Assange , founder of the whistle - blowing " media insurgency " Wikileaks and mastermind behind the Baghdad shooting " Collateral Murder " video .
Officials fear the elusive Assange is about to publish a huge cache of classified State Department cables about the workings of Arab governments and U.S. intelligence efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Assange , who runs Wikileaks with the help of hundreds of discreet , encrypted volunteers , has yet to surface .
From The New Yorker , an in - depth look at what he does and how he does it .
" Every organization rests on a mountain of secrets . " – Assange at a forum with Daniel Ellsberg on " drawing ( the ) dragons out of the cave . "
Read more
NASHVILLE , Tenn .
( AP )  The Nashville Predators send captain and center Jason Arnott to the New Jersey Devils , one of his former teams , for prospect right wing Matt Halischuk and a second - round draft pick in the 2011 draft .
Arnott , who is best known for scoring the Stanley Cup - clinching goal for the Devils against the Dallas Stars in 2000 , has one year and $ 4.5 million remaining on the five - year deal he signed with Nashville in 2006 .
Nashville President of Hockey Operations and General Manager David Poile said during a news conference Saturday that the time seemed right to trade his captain of the past three seasons .
" After sitting down with Jason after last year , we talked about the highs and lows of the season and talked about the future , " Poile said .
" We both agreed that maybe it was best for both our team and his career that it was time to move on .
I categorize this as sort of a bold move . "
Poile indicated that he will confer with his coaching staff before making a decision on the next captain .
The leading candidates for the position are defensemen Shea Weber and Ryan Suter , but a veteran forward like Steve Sullivan could also garner some consideration .
Arnott had 19 goals and 27 assists in 2009 - 2010 .
An elbow injury and a concussion limited Arnott to just 63 regular season games last season .
In 1,099 career regular season NHL games , Arnott has scored 383 goals and added 490 assists with Edmonton , New Jersey , Dallas and Nashville .
Arnott had two goals in Nashville 's six - game loss to the eventual Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks in their Western Conference Quarterfinal series last season .
Halischuk , 22 , had one goal in 20 games with the Devils last season and 22 points in 32 AHL contests .
The Arnott trade was Poile 's second trade on a busy Saturday .
Hours earlier , he shipped the rights to impending unrestricted free agent defenseman Dan Hamhuis to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for Ryan Parent and a conditional pick in the 2011 draft .
" We have had many conversations with Dan and his agent as to try to find a way we could sign him , " Poile said .
" Through the last conversation we had , we could not sign Dan to what he wanted , so we made the best deal we possibly could . "
Parent is no stranger to the Nashville Predators organization , as he was originally drafted by Nashville in the first round in the 2005 draft .
Parent was sent to Philadelphia in 2007 as part of the trade that brought Peter Forsberg to Music City .
" He 's 23 - years - old , hes 6 ' 2 " and he 's already one of the best skating defensemen in the National Hockey League , " Poile said of Parent .
" This is a really good re-addition to our lineup if you will . "
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Ashley B .
19:59 24 Apr 20
My reddit gift arrived today , much before the annonymous message my arbitor hinted that it would .
Inside the package were two books from Amazon : BLACK ORCHID by Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean and UNDERSTANDING COMICS : THE INVISIBLE ART by Scott McCloud .
I 'm a bit baffled by this , but I 'm assuming my arbitor noticed how often I post comments in /r/ comics - although I 'm really only a casual viewer .
In other news , I 'm really getting into Neil Gaiman lately , after watching and reading Coraline and then most of Neverwhere before I lost it somewhere .
Also I 've just re-read Watchmen so I 'm in a comic / graphicnovel kind of mood any way .
Though these last two points were n't posted over at reddit ( I do n't think ) ... so my present really is a neat surprise which I 'm looking forward to getting into .
Enlarge By Jack Gruber , USA TODAY
Sales of toning shoes such as these Skechers are booming , with women accounting for 90 % of a market projected to reach $ 1.5 billion this year .
THE GREAT SNEAKER DEBATE THE GREAT SNEAKER DEBATE USA TODAY readers on Facebook have been weighing in whether toning sneakers , such as Skechers Shape - ups , really work .
Here are a few of the comments from our fan page .
" I wondered about them , so I tried a pair of them on .
The only thing I could see that was good about them is that the heel is not higher than the ball of the foot .
I was not impressed . "
-- Mary Robbins
" I get out and walk 30 minutes a day during my breaks at work .
I definitely feel them working my legs and lower back ... " -- Kim Ybarra
" It 's a farce !
It 's designed for lazy people who claim that they do n't have 15 minutes a day to do a little work out , but can take a 30 min drive to Micky Ds " -- Eric Paramo " Love my Skecher Shape - Ups .
I do n't know if they 've made a difference in exercising , but they have really helped my posture .
You put them on and because of the way they are designed , your center of balance is immediately noticeable and you stand differently , i.e. better . " -- Lori Berry
" I do n't know if they work or not , I simply can't get past the way they look !
I would rather run than wear funny footwear any day . "
-- Tanya Pope ( Compiled by Molly Jasinski , USA TODAY )
They are , advertisements say , a game - changer in athletic footwear : sneakers that are supposed to tone muscles , promote healthy weight loss and improve the posture of those who walk , work or shop in them .
The makers of " toning shoes " say the shoes can help give wearers more shapely butts , legs and abs , often without the need for gym workouts .
That 's partly why toning shoes — which often have a rounded sole like a rocking chair , to stretch the wearer 's leg muscles with each stride — represent the fastest - growing segment of the $ 17 billion - a - year athletic footwear industry .
It 's a market driven by a customer base that is 90 % women , according to sneaker analyst Matt Powell of SportsOneSource .
YOUR HEALTH : ' Rocker ' shoe put to the test Busy moms and working women who spend much of the day on their feet — such as teachers , nurses , hairstylists and restaurant servers — are among the most devoted buyers of toning shoes , which typically sell for $ 100 to $ 250 .
Skechers , the market leader , now has Pro Football Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Montana touting the shoes in an effort to attract men .
Powell predicts that sales will explode 400 % this year , to more than $ 1.5 billion .
" We 've never seen a category grow this fast , " he says .
But now a growing number of doctors are warning that toning shoes do n't deliver on their marketing promises and could cause injuries by , among other things , changing a person 's gait , or way of walking .
Claims that toning shoes can significantly contribute to a person 's fitness are " utter nonsense , " says Barbara de Lateur , distinguished service professor of physical medicine and rehabilitation at Johns Hopkins University 's School of Medicine in Baltimore .
De Lateur and other doctors warn that toning shoes create their advertised benefit by destabilizing how a person walks and say that wearing the shoes can result in strained Achilles tendons .
De Lateur also says the shoes can be a particular problem for older consumers or those who have difficulty keeping their balance .
Alison Drury of Louisville can attest to that .
She says she broke her right ankle after awkwardly rolling over the outside of her foot during her first mile - long walk in Skechers Shape - ups shoes .
" I 'm afraid to ever put them on again , " Drury says .
Montana said in an interview that his Shape - ups walking , cross-training and running shoes helped relieve pain in his knees and back and enabled him to start jogging for the first time in 15 years .
As for people getting hurt or doctors ' warnings , the four - time Super Bowl champion says he can only talk from personal experience .
" I have n't fallen off one yet .
And I 've been jogging and walking for a long time in them , " he says .
" I can understand people 's thoughts .
But once you get in , and get yourself comfortable and used to the feel and the shape of the shoe , you do n't even notice it . "
A bright spot in the market Toning shoes try to replicate the gentle , heel - to - toe motion of walking on a soft , sandy beach .
The instability built into them makes a wearer work harder to maintain his or her balance — effectively giving muscles a more rigorous workout , shoe companies say .
This notion is explained in the instructional booklet and DVD that accompany Skechers Shape - ups .
The basic concept of shoes that result in the wearer 's heels being lower than their toes is not new .
Remember the Earth Shoe phenomenon in the 1970s ?
But the sales and marketing by toning shoemakers such as Skechers , Reebok , MBT ( Masai Barefoot Technology ) , Avia and New Balance are thoroughly 2010 .
A growing number of companies , such as Skechers and Reebok , are moving beyond clunky - looking walking shoes and rolling out sleeker - looking toning sneakers for running , training and hiking that look more like athletic than orthopedic shoes .
Other companies , such as FitFlop , are rolling out toning sandals and clogs .
Toning shoes typically sell for more than basketball , running or cross- training shoes .
That has made toning shoes a bright spot for manufacturers and retailers in the otherwise flat athletic footwear market , in which overall sales slid 1.4 % in 2009 , according to the NPD Group .
The only thing bigger than toning shoes ' sales growth might be the claims their marketers make about them .
The Skechers website says Shape - ups will help you " Shape Up While You Walk " by toning your butt , leg and abdominal muscles , burning calories , fighting cellulite , improving your posture and circulation and reducing knee joint stress .
" Get in Shape Without Setting Foot in a Gym , " Skechers claims .
Reebok , on its website , says the balance - ball - inspired technology used in its EasyTone shoes generates 28 % more muscle activity in the gluteus maximus muscles of test subjects and 11 % more in their hamstrings and calves .
" EasyTone shoes help tone your butt and legs with every step , " Reebok says .
MBT says its " Anti-Shoe " will " tone muscles your trainer never knew you had . "
In the movie The Joneses , Demi Moore plays a sexy suburban mom who makes the other housewives desperate for her MBTs .
' Sorry , I do n't see it '
There are elements of truth to the ads , according to doctors who have questioned the effectiveness and safety of toning shoes .
But many of the doctors want more independent studies on the shoes , rather than industry - financed research .
Other doctors , such as de Lateur , say they have seen enough to conclude that the shoes mostly represent hype .
Her colleague at Johns Hopkins , Wendy Shore , says consumers would get the supposed health benefits of toning shoes and save money if they skipped buying the shoes , then " bought one less bagel a day — and walked an extra block . "
David Davidson , national president of the American Academy of Podiatric Sports Medicine , says the shoes basically make adults learn to walk , or run , all over again by changing their gait .
That 's a " scary " prospect for someone with a " borderline problem " they might not know about .
Davidson says he 's suspicious of any shoes that come with an instructional booklet and DVD .
" Nothing about these shoes has any redeeming value to me , " he says .
" Sorry , I do n't see it . "
Bryan Markinson , chief of podiatric medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York , says some of his patients who are " not in the greatest of shape " have inflamed their Achilles tendons while wearing toning shoes .
People thinking of buying them , he says , should begin an " active stretching program " or else risk injury .
Jonathan Deland , chief of foot and ankle service at the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York , warns the shoes can be " dangerous " for people with balance problems .
On the other hand , Deland acknowledges that he has worn Shape - ups and likes the way they make wearers use their muscles more to maintain balance .
" I do n't want people to think these toning shoes are like going to the gym and feeling like you did a really great workout , " Deland says .
" Can they help a bit ?
Yes . "
Limits encouraged Manufacturers point to thousands of unsolicited testimonials they say they 've received from customers who report their shoes toned their legs and buttocks , reduced their waist or dress sizes and helped alleviate foot injuries such as heel spurs and plantar fasciitis .
Jennifer Weiderman , vice president of Skechers ' Fitness Group , says she does n't know of any customers who 've injured themselves .
To get used to them , people should wear them 25 to 45 minutes a day for the first couple of weeks , she says .
" It 's like any new exercise program or eating plan , " she says .
" You do n't want to go into it like gangbusters . "
As for toning shoes ' critics , she suggests they try a pair before making up their minds .
" We 've had a lot of podiatrists , also chiropractors and medical professionals , who think they 're great , " she says .
As with any new category , she adds , " There 's always people who will have opinions . "
Regarding Skechers ' claim that consumers can get in shape without setting foot in the gym , she says that 's meant more for people who do n't have the time or money for often - pricey gym memberships .
" So if you can't get to the gym , you still can incorporate fitness into your lifestyle .
I believe that 's the premise behind that line , " she says .
Robert Forster , a physical therapist in Santa Monica , Calif. , was hired by Skechers to research the effect of Shape - ups .
His conclusion :
The shoes are a good way to " increase calorie burn and activate more muscles " while walking or doing daily errands .
All shoes change a person 's gait , Forster says , adding that Shape - ups can improve a wearer 's gait .
However , people with balance problems or tight Achilles tendons should take a " cautious approach , " he says .
With air - filled pods on the bottom that sink into the shoes as the wearer walks , Reebok 's EasyTone shoes look more like regular sneakers than the rounded - bottom Skechers Shape - ups .
Katrin Ley , Reebok 's head of brand strategy , predicts the company will sell more than 5 million pairs in the USA this year — and a total of 10 million globally , because the brand is making strong inroads in Europe and Asia .
" It 's something that is relevant around the world , " Ley says .
Bill McInnis , head of Reebok 's Advanced Innovation division , says the company sees EasyTones as " part of an active lifestyle , " not a substitute for one .
" We 're not trying to say , ' Hey , this is a magic bullet .
You do n't have to work out again . ' "
Not every athletic footwear maker is sold on toning shoes , however .
Industry leader Nike has no plans to sell such shoes and is scornful of the products on the market .
" Our focus is on creating performance products that really work , " Nike spokesman Derek Kent said in a statement .
" Unlike today 's toning products , we wo n't ask the consumer to compromise on stability , flexibility or any other key performance characteristics as they train . "
Mixed reactions
Such criticism might slow , but wo n't stop , toning shoes ' popularity and sales growth , sneaker industry analyst Powell says .
Despite the reluctance of many men to buy a product that some see as " women 's shoes , " he expects sales of toning shoes to men to eventually become 25 % of the market .
The reaction of consumers who 've worn the shoes runs the gamut .
Lisa Nosseir of Monroe Township , N.J. , loves the " support and comfort " she gets from Shape - ups , although she thinks the toning claims are " far - fetched .
" Barb Likos of Denver says she considers her toning shoes a " cute gimmick . "
Her Shape - ups help to strengthen her calf muscles , she says , but did nothing to tone her butt and thighs .
Even though they are her " most comfortable pair of shoes , " she says she regrets spending $ 120 on them .
As for Skechers trying to persuade men to buy them , well , good luck with that .
" My husband would not be caught dead in these things , " Likos says .
If anyone 's looking for a slightly used pair of Shape- ups , they can contact Drury in Louisville as she recovers from her broken ankle .
" They were only worn for like 20 minutes , " she says .
" I would give them a great deal . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
If the folks at the Boston College Center for Work & Family could pick two dads from pop culture as the models for the fatherhood study they released last week , they could easily be Ari Gold and Adam Braverman .
Braverman , Peter Krause ’s sensitive , always - apologizing , baseball - coaching dad on “ Parenthood , ’’ is all about family first .
Gold , Jeremy Piven ’s hyper - stressed , power - hungry , sexist pig of an agent on “ Entourage , ’’ is , well , not .
It ’s the Gold stereotype that Brad Harrington , the executive director at the BC center , would like to see eradicated .
He said the aim of the study , which centered on yearlong interviews with 33 married , college - educated , first - time dads , was to redefine success , and what it means to be a father .
The study also reflects how men are finally beginning to wrestle with the same issues that women have struggled with for years — making time for child care , pediatrician appointments , and other responsibilities that conflict with their work demands .
A few key points :
■ Dads found that they gained respect at work after having a child , and that new career options even arose .
■ The “ traditional ’’ family , where one parent works and the other stays home , is more outdated than bell - bottoms .
In 1975 , 45 percent of families fit that model .
Today , it ’s 20 percent .
Unlike many moms , who openly rearrange their schedules around child care or take advantage of flexible time their job provides , most dads did not , and instead used more informal , or “ stealth ’ ’ approaches , quietly slipping away to take care of their duty and then returning without any detailed explanation .
The men said their approach was not because of a lack of support from their managers , but merely a reflection of their insecurity about taking a coparenting role .
“ Women used to be legitimate at home , but not at work , ’’ Harrington told us .
“ Men used to be legitimate at work , but not at home .
Then the women ’s movement comes along .
But with men , there was no revolution of the same sort . ’’
Instead , it ’s been more like a slow and steady evolution to where we are today , with young fathers relishing the opportunity of being a dad , but struggling to balance the child care responsibilities , housework chores , and other new duties into their work life .
“ Dads are not legitimatized at home yet , ’’ said Harrington , a 54 - year - old father of three himself whose wife works full time .
When they were asked how fatherhood had changed their aspirations in their careers , the dads answered that there was a time when climbing up the “ org chart ’’ mattered .
Now , Harrington said , the fathers in the study wanted to be sure “ that the family is happy , and it does n’t matter where I am in the org chart . ’’
To that , Ari Gold would laugh , crack “ Let ’s hug it out , ’’ and then fire everyone in the office .
Dads are not suddenly craving the home life ( Diapers ?
Dishes ?
Dirty laundry ?
Bring it on ! ) .
Sure , men are more involved with their children .
But there is no mistaking who ’s still the boss .
In 1992 , 21 percent of women said their partners were taking as much or more responsibility for their children .
In 2008 , the number was 31 percent , according to the Families and Work Institute .
And in families where one spouse stays home to care for the kids , 97 percent of the time , it ’s the wife .
But what Harrington hopes his study does make clear is this : Today ’s new dad has earned the same respect for care - giving , cooking , cleaning , and comforting as moms deserve for their role in the workplace .
“ If we talked about women in the workplace the way we talked about men at home , we ’d be sued , ’’ he said .
“ But somehow it ’s OK for people to paint this picture of men as hapless in their role as fathers .
It ’s time to drop it . ’’
To read the full study , go to www.boston.com/culturedesk.
Doug Most can be reached at dmost@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
WHETU ABRAHAM : The 54 - year - old who has head injuries can no longer afford dental care for his rotting teeth .
A Napier church took at least $ 20,000 in donations from a disabled rest home resident with head injuries and rejected pleas not to take the last of his life savings .
In less than eight months last year , Napier 's Oasis Elim Church took nearly $ 12,000 from Otatara Rest Care and Rehabilitation resident Whetu Abraham who uses a wheelchair .
Rest home manager Lucy Dever said the church now had the last of Mr Abraham 's life savings and he could not afford dental care for rotting teeth .
BRUCE COLLINGWOOD :
The church pastor declined to comment .
Mr Abraham , 54 , was a partial tetraplegic with head injuries , after being hit by a car in 1986 , Ms Dever said .
" He 's got no family or next - of - kin on our list , and they 've taken everything from him .
It is unethical , immoral and I believe un-Christian .
" He used to have a nest egg but now he has no life savings .
He believes if he does n't give it to them , he wo n't go to heaven . "
About a year ago , when she discovered the rate at which Mr Abraham was handing over his life savings – he gave about $ 10,000 in 2008 – she spoke to church pastor Bruce Collingwood .
" I explained that he is not a wealthy man .
He is nearly on the poverty line and the money he had , he needed .
Sure , some could go to the church , but not all of it .
" The pastor said it was Whetu 's choice and said it was tithing [ taking a tenth of a person 's income for the church ] , " Ms Dever said .
She questioned how it could be tithing as Mr Abraham was " certainly not " on an income of at least $ 100,000 for the church to take 10 per cent .
Ms Dever said the church rejected her appeal to stop accepting large donations from Mr Abraham and came to the rest home to give him a donation certificate so he could claim a third of the money back from Inland Revenue .
" I guess they wanted that from him too , " she said .
The following year the church received $ 11,895 from Mr Abraham including one donation of $ 5000 in May .
Mr Abraham said he gave the church money because of his faith .
" Hopefully , my understanding is simple , you help them , they help you .
They used to come and visit me [ in the rest home ] but it 's not often now . "
Mr Abraham said he also catered for weddings at the church , buying from a local bakery , but he stopped doing that when " I did n't get recognised " .
Ms Dever said she spoke again to Mr Collingwood in April this year when she discovered Mr Abraham had exhausted his life savings .
" He [ Mr Collingwood ] said there was nothing wrong with what they were doing and he has a different outlook on money .
" I said most people would think that accepting huge amounts from someone with nothing is wrong , " Ms Dever said .
" I tried to reason with him and asked him to give the money back but he would n't . "
Mr Collingwood declined to comment yesterday .
" I do n't like the spin of the media .
No comment at all thank you . "
A Victoria University religious studies lecturer , Geoff Troughton , said tithing generally meant taking a tenth of a person 's income but the word had different meanings for different churches and cultures .
He said Pentecostal churches like Elim were often a " more enclosed complete social world " and tended to take a stronger position on biblical teaching on giving donations than other churches such as Anglican .
SAN FRANCISCO — According to leading web experts , a photo of an unidentified naked woman has caused an online sensation after appearing on the Internet sometime last week .
Advertisement
The inexplicably popular photograph , which features the woman exposing both breasts as well as providing an unobstructed view of her vagina , has been visited an estimated 750,000 times since it was first discovered two months ago .
The popularity of " Subject X , " as the naked lady is known in academic circles , has baffled researchers .
Advertisement
" For some reason , people cannot seem to get enough of the naked woman picture , " said Michael Vianna , a web analyst for Comstar Market Research who has been closely following the trend .
" Though the image displays no discernible function or real - world application , it continues to enjoy immense popularity with Internet users .
It is utterly perplexing . "
Vianna , who closely examined the photograph over several days in an attempt to understand its appeal , said that the nude - lady photo falls completely outside typical uses for the Internet , like checking e-mail or accessing helpful information such as tax laws and driving directions .
Even more unusual , the photo contains no information regarding the woman 's acting or modeling career , her possible relevance to American history , or name .
Advertisement
" This image contains no encrypted data or practical content of any kind , " Vianna said .
" Even more baffling is that , in terms of web traffic , this seemingly pointless image has vastly surpassed websites as informative and indispensable as WebMD.com and Yahoo !
News . "
" If only she were wearing a T - shirt with some slogan on it or standing in front of a national monument , perhaps then we could begin to understand this enigmatic image , " Vianna continued .
" In the end , however , it is simply a picture of an unclothed female approximately 20 to 30 years of age posed with her breasts and vagina clearly visible . "
Advertisement
According to Vianna 's research , there are no significant patterns relating to the viewing behavior of those accessing the picture except that the majority of the traffic usually comes late at night .
And , though web - usage reports indicate that the naked woman picture interests people of all ages , income brackets , and ethnic backgrounds , there is no evidence that the photo has ever been shared with viewers ' family members or coworkers , or featured in a CNN.com photojournalism slide show .
" It appears as if every one of yesterday 's 27,430 viewers accessed this specific portrait independently of one another , and may even have searched for it intentionally , " Vianna said .
" What could have driven them all to seek out this particular photo of an anonymous , undressed woman ?
We may never know . "
Advertisement
The unaccountable popularity of outwardly useless Internet content such as the naked woman picture is not unheard of .
According to freelance web consultant Joseph Ziarko , these Internet " memes " are difficult to explain , as there are no factors to dictate why something as nonfunctional as a 6 x 9 " digital capture of a well - endowed , tan - skinned woman lightly moistened by either sweat or beach water would interest so many people .
Advertisement
" No one really understands why these things catch on , " Ziarko said .
" Like the Hamster Dance website from a few years back or the recent interest in LOLCats , there is some intangible quality about this photo that thousands of otherwise - normal people find captivating .
Maybe the fact that it is in such sharp focus . "
Though interest in the photo currently remains high , Ziarko predicted that the Internet - using public will soon tire of the naked woman picture once the web is saturated with images from imitators attempting to duplicate its popularity .
Advertisement
" By next month , the Internet could be home to literally hundreds of pictures of naked women , " Ziarko said .
" There 's simply no way the trend can sustain itself .
People will very quickly get bored with the constant barrage of bare breasts and vaginas . "
Many experts agree with Ziarko , but others in the field have suggested that the picture could spark a lucrative industry in which images of naked women are licensed to decorate promotional gas -station soda cups .
GOP Hush Money ?
Former Aide to Michael Steele Gets $ 100K
Republican Sources Say Ex-RNC Staffers Are Being Paid To Keep Quiet
The Republican National Committee has doled out more than $ 100,000 to the top staffer let go after the embarrassing discovery that the party spent nearly $ 2,000 to entertain young donors at a sex - themed Hollywood night club .
One GOP insider described the six - figure payment to outgoing RNC Chief of Staff Kenneth K. McKay IV – negotiated even though McKay had scarcely a year on the job -- as " hush money " to keep a former employee from divulging details of Michael Steele 's controversial tenure as RNC chair .
Party insiders told ABC
News the six - figure payout represented McKay 's severance package , and came in exchange for him signing a strict confidentiality agreement .
Two RNC sources , both of whom spoke on the condition they not be identified , said similar deals were struck with others who had been forced out in the last few months .
Both sources have been critical of Steele 's leadership .
They said in separate interviews that , while they were not alleging that anything illegal took place , they believe the McKay agreement and others like it are aimed at preventing the departing cast of employees from disparaging Steele .
McKay , who had received $ 163,000 in salary payments , did not respond to messages left at his home in Rhode Island .
Doug Heye , an RNC spokesman , called the assertion " laughable . "
" It would be laughable to think a confidentiality agreement is anything other than standard operating procedure for a political organization , " Heye said .
" It 's in our employee handbook . "
Heye would not comment on the two large payments to McKay , which appeared on newly filed campaign finance reports Monday .
On April 30 , three weeks after McKay 's resignation , the RNC wrote him a $ 62,949 check that it classified as " payroll . "
A week after that , McKay received another payment , this one for " housing reimbursements , " totaling $ 40,967 .
The payments were first reported by Politico .
Highest - Ranking Staffer to Resign over Spending Scandal
RNC Chairman Michael Steele had hired McKay , a former top aide to the Rhode Island governor , in early 2009 to help oversee Steele 's stewardship of the party .
Steele told party officials in 2009 that he believed McKay 's anti-abortion and pro-gun positions , and his past work in a traditionally Democratic state , would help Steele tailor appeals to the party 's base .
A year later , McKay was the highest - ranking staffer to resign over the spending scandal .
CLICK HERE to follow the ABC News Investigative Team 's coverage on Twitter .
Steele has made efforts to put the issue behind him .
Top RNC finance officials , a key researcher , and a party spokeswoman have all left in recent weeks .
Heye told ABC News last week that " we 've had to address internally problems that we 've had and we have taken immediate action to fix those problems . "
He said he could not comment on payments to McKay .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Maricopa County Sheriff 's Deputies are cracking down on " deadbeat " dads this Father 's Day weekend , arresting those who are delinquent on their child support payments .
During a two - day detail , dubbed " Operation Dodging Daddies , " the Sheriff 's Office is attempting to serve arrest warrants on 100 men and women .
As of noon Saturday , the agency had arrested 33 suspected offenders , including six women , Arpaio said .
Deputies began attempting to serve the warrants Friday .
Arpaio said the operation is important because many societal problems , from juvenile delinquency to social welfare expenses , can be tied to delinquent parents .
" Mothers have to work two to three jobs , and then they do n't have the luxury of supervising their kids , " he said .
The Sheriff 's Office has conducted " deadbeat dad " roundups every Father 's Day weekend since 1998 .
" With the economy , I think this is more important than the last 12 years I 've done this , " Arpaio said .
At least four suspects with outstanding warrants owe more than $ 100,000 in child support , including a man who owes nearly $ 175,000 .
Deputies have yet to catch the top offender .
Arpaio said the operation was to continue through Saturday evening .
: Seventeen molestation victims of Father Rico Dominic Escudero pleads no contest to numerous felony charges of kidnapping , child molestation , and criminal sexual conduct with minors under 13 years old .
Italy : Seventeen molestation victims of Father
This Week's Winner
Over the last seven days ...
Virginia : Pastor Tommy Shelton charged with seven felony counts of child molestation .
Texas : PastorLelio Cantini demand his bishops resign for shielding him from prosecution .
Arkansas : Christian school administrator Tim Ballard arrested for sexual assault of a student .
New York : Pastor Phillip Jouber indicted for rape of a 13 year - old relative .
Virginia : Deacon Hurley Jones arrested for assaulting parishioners .
Illinois : Father John Regan charged with embezzling $ 300 K from parishioners to feed his gambling addiction .
New Brunswick : Pastor Frederick Hanson found guilty on two counts of child molestation .
Minnesota : Pastor Arthur Ree pleads guilty to two counts of molesting an 11 year - old girl .
Ree is 83 .
Quebec : Father Raymond - Marie Lavoie arrested for molesting eleven boys .
His lawyer indicates Lavoie may plead guilty .
South Carolina : Pastor Christopher Daniels has escaped from prison after serving ten months of a fifteen year sentence for burning down his own church .
Uganda : Father Santos Constatino Wapokura charged with " defilement " of two 14 year - old girls .
He is HIV - positive and faces hanging .
Israel : Unnamed rabbi arrested for shooting a student in a masked drive - by attack .
North Carolina : Charlotte archdiocese pays $ 1 M to former altar boy molested by Father Robert Yurgel who is serving an eight year prison sentence .
Illinois : Father Daniel McCormack faces charges of molesting four more boys .
McCormack has been in prison since 2007 after pleading guilty to molesting five other boys .
Germany : Bishop Walter Mixa resigns over accusations of beating children and " misusing " money meant for orphans .
The pope has accepted his resignation .
Georgia :
Two executives of the Christian Integrity Bank have been charged with selling fraudulent loans in exchange for hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes .
One local developer who received an $ 80 M loan kept $ 20 M in a private checking account and used the money to buy a private island in the Bahamas .
Integrity Bank , which was founded on " Biblical principles , " held daily employee prayer meetings and gave customers free Bibles .
They were shut down by federal regulators in 2008 .
Integrity !
Labels : religion , This Week In Holy Crimes
Java debugging and the class loader
Have you ever been working on some java code , when all of the sudden it appears that the app is NOT doing what you expect ?
Perhaps the app is not even behaving in a manner that follows your current code but rather is executing as though it was several versions behind ?
A java exception from another dimension ?
I recently ran into an issue like this where I was trying to debug an exception …
Of course , the exception stack trace provided the class and code line where the exception occurred .
The weird part was that this line was completely different than my current code .
Just by looking at the code and the exception stack trace I knew for a fact that the current code that I had saved and was compiling did not contain the functionality that the exception was complaining about …
Obviously , the java classpath was picking up an old version … but from where ?
I usually do my development and debugging in Eclipse and that was no help .
The nefarious exception was occurring in both eclipse and the command line !
Fortunately , someone I know recently had to figure out a similar problem and showed me a cool solution that shows you the exact file system path that the class was loaded from .
ProtectionDomain to the rescue
Classes can be loaded from jar file (s ) , the file system , remote URL ’s or generated on the fly .
As a project becomes more complex , understanding the class loading model becomes increasingly difficult .
ProtectionDomain is a little known class that can be easily accessed via the Class.getProtectionDomain ( ) method .
This class provides the infrastructure needed to determine the absolute path to where a compiled class was loaded from .
For example , you may have multiple components , each with separate library folders that contain any number and any combination of jars and folders that contain various classes .
Even worse , you may have different versions of the same classes in different locations all of which may be on the classpath !
Ugh… without an automated method for indicating where a class was loaded from , debugging bizarre issues like an old version in the classpath can be a nightmare .
Determining the class location within Eclipse
When using the Eclipse debugger , all you have to do is place a break point at the first line in the main method .
Then open the Expressions view and add a new expression which will execute on the breakpoint .
The key to making this work in Eclipse is to use the static class as opposed to a runtime class instance .
This is because the Expression code executes outside the scope of a live object instance .
Let ’s assume that you have a class called net .
henryranch .LocationTest and you want to find out where it was loading from …
In the Expressions view , simply add this new Expression :
net.henryranch.LocationTest.class.getProtectionDomain().getCodeSource().getLocation ( ) ;
The benefit of this approach is that you do n’t have to modify your class source code in order for it to work .
Just set a breakpoint , add the expression and execute the app in a debug configuration .
Determining the class location within a running app
This approach requires that you modify the source code of your class , but does not require Eclipse or a debugger .
Again , assuming that you have a class called net .
henryranch .
LocationTest simply add the following line wherever you want in the class .
this.getClass().getProtectionDomain().getCodeSource().getLocation ( ) ;
Conclusion
While this approach is pretty simple , it can provide the developer with a powerful tool when debugging in complex environments .
Hopefully you never work in an environment where the classpath can be polluted with more than one version of a build artifact , but just in case you do , now you know how to figure out where that other worldly implementation is lurking …
For the character from The Lost Experience , see : Dr. Vincent " Wally " Bolé
Vincent was Walt 's yellow Labrador Retriever , and the only known non-human passenger on Oceanic Flight 815 , as well as a survivor of it .
Vincent was originally owned by Walt , but they were separated due to the latter 's kidnapping and eventual release from the island .
Vincent continued to spend time with the survivors on the island , and by the end of the series , he had been adopted by Rose and Bernard who had been living a secluded life on the island .
Contents show ]
Before the crash
Vincent accompanies
Walt as he studies .
( " Special " )
Vincent originally belonged to Brian Porter , Walt 's adoptive father .
Vincent sat with
Walt while he was doing his homework one day when a bird slammed into the sliding glass door , killing itself on impact .
After Walt 's mother , Susan , died , Michael took Vincent from Brian without his permission .
When Walt objected , stating that Vincent belonged to Brian , Michael told Walt that Brian gave him the dog .
He did this as an act to console his son and perhaps , out of his contempt for Brian .
( " Special " )
On the morning of September 22 , 2004 , Walt woke up early in their hotel room and turned the television on .
Michael and Walt argued over the television volume .
When Michael turned off the television , Walt grabbed Vincent and stormed out of the room .
( " Exodus , Part 1 " )
At the airport , before the departure of Oceanic Flight 815 , Walt expressed his concern at Vincent 's safety in the luggage compartment of the plane .
However , Michael reassured him that dogs travel in the luggage compartment of planes all the time and told him not to worry .
Therefore , Vincent was presumably in the luggage compartment of the aircraft .
( " Exodus , Part 2 " )
On the Island
Days 1 – 44 ( Season 1 )
Shortly after the crash , Vincent was searching the jungle .
Whilst doing this , he heard a whistle .
It was Christian Shephard .
He called Vincent over and told him to go wake up his son .
As Vincent ran off towards Jack to do this , Christian stated that Jack " had work to do " .
Vincent then continued running until he found Jack , who had just regained consciousness .
As Jack awoke , he saw Vincent running towards him through the jungle and stopping to look at Jack .
Vincent then continued exploring the jungle .
( " So It Begins " ) ( " Pilot , Part 1 " )
Walt spent much of his early time on the Island searching for Vincent , thus creating conflict with Michael , who wanted Walt to stay close by .
When Michael mentioned Vincent to Jack , Jack revealed that the dog was fine .
( " Pilot , Part 2 " )
Vincent detects an intruder in the camp . ( " Walkabout " )
The next day , during a rainstorm , Michael and Walt were arguing .
Walt told Michael that if he was his friend , he would look for Vincent .
Michael replied that he had n't given up on looking for the dog and he would do everything to find him .
This led to Michael 's promise to look for Vincent when the rain stopped .
After making this promise , it immediately stopped raining .
While looking , he heard something coming towards him and was unable to locate Vincent .
Later on , Locke fashioned a high frequency whistle .
He then used this whistle to call Vincent , who came running out of the jungle , attracted to the sound .
Locke offered to let Michael bring Vincent to Walt so that Michael could reconcile with his son .
Michael gave Vincent back to Walt shortly after this .
( " Tabula Rasa " )
One night on the beach , Vincent woke up the survivors with his barking .
Michael and Walt did n't know what had caused this but it was revealed to be the boars invading the camp ; they were attracted to the scent of the dead corpses in the plane .
( " Walkabout " )
When Walt would hang out with Locke and Boone , Vincent would stay with him .
Vincent witnessed
Walt throw his knife into the tree .
However , Michael caught
Walt with a knife in his hand , and he ordered Walt to take himself and Vincent away from Locke and back to the caves .
Walt , along with Vincent , went back to Locke , and Michael caught him again .
When he told Walt that he can not see Locke , Walt stormed off into the jungle with Vincent .
Whilst trekking through the jungle , Vincent detected something and started to bark .
As the sound of rustling in the jungle got louder , Vincent suddenly barked madly .
Walt was unable to keep hold of Vincent , and he ran away .
Walt chased after him , dropping the dog ’s leash in the process .
When Walt got rescued by his father and Locke from a polar bear later on , Walt told Locke that Vincent had run away .
However Locke assured him that he would come back , just as he did before .
( " Special " )
Vincent was chased by Michael in the jungle yet another time , which caused Michael to find Sun burying her fake driver 's license .
When Michael tried to comfort her , they nearly kissed , but Vincent showed up barking just at that moment .
( " Buried Secrets " )
When Walt left with Michael to seek rescue on the raft , he placed Vincent in the care of Shannon .
Vincent initially tried to swim after the raft after it launched , but he shortly returned to the shore .
In the following days , Vincent served as a source of comfort and distraction for Shannon , who had recently suffered the loss of her step - brother , Boone .
( " Exodus , Part 1 " ) ( " Exodus , Part 2 " )
Days 44–65 ( Season 2 )
While the survivors hid in the caves from the Others , Vincent disappeared into the jungle .
Shannon told Sayid that she could n't lose the dog , as it was the only thing that someone asked her to do .
So Shannon and Sayid ventured in the jungle to look for him .
They found Vincent sitting in the jungle .
When they attempted to catch him , Vincent ran off , and Shannon ran after him .
She then heard whispers and saw Walt , who disappeared when Sayid came towards her with Vincent .
( " Man of Science , Man of Faith " )
Sun was working in her garden when she was interrupted by Claire carrying Aaron , and Shannon with Vincent .
Claire told Sun nervously that they have found the message bottle from the raft .
Vincent was later seen with Sayid , Shannon and Sun during the feast .
( " Everybody Hates Hugo " )
Shannon continued caring for Vincent , right up until her sudden death .
Before her second vision of Walt she fed Vincent .
After Shannon saw
Walt a second time , she attempted to use Vincent to track him by smelling Walt 's shirt but he led her to Boone 's grave .
He then led Shannon into the jungle but ran off just before her death .
Later , Vincent returned to the beach to see Michael had returned and was reunited with him .
( " Abandoned " ) ( " Collision " )
Vincent was also present before Charlie attacked Sun , though he ran away before Charlie attacked her .
Since he did not bark or defend her , it is likely that if he was still in the area , he recognized Charlie and did not see any reason for alarm .
( " The Long Con " )
When Michael disappeared into the jungle to look for Walt , Vincent befriended Ana Lucia after she joined the fuselage survivors .
His friendship with Ana Lucia was short - lived , as Michael murdered Ana Lucia not long after his return .
Vincent befriended many of the island regulars and has ceased to have a single , identifiable " owner . "
He was seen with Sawyer , who was feeding him and petting him .
As well as Hurley and Libby , who were also seen playing with him .
( " The Long Con " ) ( " Maternity Leave " ) ( " S.O.S . " )
While Charlie struggled to build the church , Vincent approached with a Virgin Mary statue in his mouth , dropping it at Charlie 's feet .
Charlie took the statue and followed Vincent to Sawyer 's tent , where Charlie discovered the other Virgin Mary statues .
He took them all and threw them in the ocean .
( " Three Minutes " )
Days 68–91 ( Season 3 )
Vincent emerged from the jungle to Hurley and Charlie with a human arm bone in his mouth .
The hand on the arm held a key chain with a single key and a rabbit 's foot .
He led Hurley back into the woods , and eventually to the DHARMA van from which the arm and key originated .
Vincent remained with Hurley , Charlie , Jin , and Sawyer as they fixed the van , and later went on a joyride with them when Hurley was able to restart the engine .
( " Tricia Tanaka Is Dead " )
Vincent pulled the blanket off Paulo and Nikki's paralyzed bodies when they were presumed dead by the other survivors and awaiting burial .
It is highly likely that Vincent knew they were still alive , given a dog 's heightened perceptions .
This was n't picked up by the survivors , who buried the couple alive later that same day .
( " Exposé " )
Vincent was briefly seen on his leash with Hurley and Claire when they were leaving the beach for the radio tower in a bid to call for rescue .
( " Greatest Hits " )
Vincent was also seen leaving the camp and present at the radio tower , still under the care of Claire and Hurley .
( " Through the Looking Glass , Part 1 " )
Days 91–100 ( Season 4 )
Still under the care of Claire , Vincent was present when the survivors split into their two separate factions , and was taken by one of the survivors to join Locke 's group , due to Hurley and Claire 's affiliation with Locke .
Hurley , Locke , and the other survivors who wanted to evade the Kahana crew walked off into the jungle with Vincent , headed for the Barracks .
( " The Beginning of the End " )
The following day , during their trek to the Barracks , the group came across Charlotte Lewis after she had parachuted to the Island .
After being quizzed by the group , Charlotte became alarmed that this group did n't want salvation , and she eventually became their captive .
Noticing she had a homing beacon to alert her location to her fellow crew members Miles Straume , Daniel Faraday and Frank Lapidus , the beacon was attached to Vincent and he was set free into the jungle to ensure that they would n't be found .
While trying to track the missing crew member , Jack , Kate , Miles and Daniel were shocked to find Vincent in her place .
( " Confirmed Dead " )
Vincent was then taken in by Jack 's group and took refuge at the beach camp .
After Charlotte and Daniel fled the beach camp to deactivate the Tempest station , Sun and Jin took Vincent as they searched for them .
( " The Other Woman " )
A few days later , when a body washed up on the beach from the freighter , Vincent relentlessly barked at it while Bernard called for Jack .
The body was later revealed to be that of Ray , the freighter 's doctor .
( " The Shape of Things to Come " )
Vincent is briefly visible in the background after Daniel first returned to the beach on the Zodiac raft , and can be seen on the left behind Juliet .
Vincent was on the beach when Ben moved the Island .
( " There 's No Place Like Home , Part 2 " )
Season 5
Time flashes
Vincent was on the beach when Bernard attempted to make a fire , after a flash of light brought the survivors to 1954 .
When the flaming arrows started to fly out of the darkness , Vincent was seen running away .
( " The Lie " ) Vincent 's collar was later found at a ravaged beach camp in the future by Locke after one of the time flashes .
( " The Little Prince " )
1974 –1977
Three years later , after Sawyer , Kate and Juliet escaped from the DHARMA submarine and floated ashore , they discovered Vincent on the beach along with Rose and Bernard .
The three were very pleased to see him in such good condition .
Vincent had been living with Rose and Bernard the past three years in their cabin .
( " The Incident , Part 1 " )
After the incident , Jack 's group time - traveled back to the present .
Vincent did the same , along with his owners Rose and Bernard .
Season 6
After flashing to 2007 , Vincent continued to live his peaceful life with an older Rose and Bernard .
At one point , he went to the well where Desmond was temporarily imprisoned , as evidenced by the Man in Black pointing out dog scratches in the ground .
He presumably accompanied Rose and Bernard 's rescue of Desmond and return to their camp .
When the Man in Black approached and took Desmond , Vincent remained behind with his owners .
Sometime after Jack had saved the island by replugging the Heart and stumbled away , Vincent found Jack in the very same bamboo grove where they first encountered each other .
Vincent laid down beside Jack and comforted him as he died .
( " The End " )
Searching for Vincent
Searching for Vincent is often used by the shows ' writers as motivation for the Island residents to venture into the jungle .
Examples are :
Trivia
See also
Swedish dockworkers are set to launch a weeklong boycott of Israeli ships and goods to protest Monday 's raid on a Gaza - destined aid flotilla , a union spokesman said Saturday
Nine activists died after Israeli troops intercepted the convoy .
Nearly 700 activists had joined that operation , most of them aboard the lead boat from Turkey that was the scene of the violence .
Scandinavian Response 40 % of Norwegians : Ban Israeli products AFP
Survey conducted two days after deadly Navy raid shows 9.5 % of respondents already boycotting Israeli products , while 33.5 % would like to .
Head of country 's Socialist Left party calls on international community to boycott arms trade with Jewish state 40 % of Norwegians : Ban Israeli products
Peter Annerback , a spokesman for the Swedish Port Workers Union which has around 1,500 members , said workers are urged to refuse handling of Israeli goods and ships during the June 15 - 24 boycott .
" If an Israeli ship would come we would just leave it be and not work on it , " Annerback said of the measures .
The union supports the organization " Ship to Gaza , " which took part in the flotilla headed for Gaza .
In a statement , the union said the reason for the boycott " is the unprecedented criminal attack on the peaceful ship convoy In Gaza .
Several peace activists were killed by Israeli commandos and other participants were detained without any reason . "
It also urged other unions and organizations to join them through similar initiatives and called for Israel to be brought to justice for the attack and that it respects international law " and that the blockade of Gaza immediately lifted . "
Annerback said it was still unclear how much the boycott is expected to affect trade between the Sweden and Israel since the union still needs to identify cargos with Israeli origin .
" Right now it 's not that easy to spot where it comes from so we still have a lot of detective work to do in that area , " Federal Chairman Bjorn Borg said .
“ I have seen at least two implements which look to the untrained eye like medieval torture implements , and not surprisingly you did n’t want pain inflicted on you , and I accept that you told him that .
He is a professional man and he has put his professional reputation very much on the line and he did not want to be involved in this case at all . ”
You Built What ?!
A Real Iron Man Suit
A homebuilt superhero suit that looks as good as the silver - screen version
( Mashable ) -- Monday was Quit Facebook Day , and for all intents and purposes , it was a bust .
According to the group 's homepage , only 34,000 users vowed to " quit Facebook " -- and remember , committing to quit and actually quitting are n't the same thing .
While the debate over Facebook and privacy is far from over , those concerns are trumped by the utility of the actual service .
At least for now .
Yesterday , we asked readers if they were going to quit Facebook .
After more than 10,000 votes , nearly 63.73 percent of readers ( 6,593 combined votes ) said that they would not be quitting Facebook .
Another 25.57 percent ( 2,645 votes ) said that they were going to quit Facebook and 10.7 percent ( 1,107 votes ) said that they did n't have a Facebook account .
Now , our poll was far from scientific , but it does offer some anecdotal food for thought .
What we 've been hearing from readers over the last few months is n't that privacy concerns or fears are unwarranted -- Facebook users do seem to be uneasy with some of the changes to the service and its growing reach -- but that the service itself is ultimately too important as a way of communication to give up .
The long - term impact of the latestprivacy control updates remain to be seen but it looks Facebook has emerged from this round of privacy warfare relatively unscathed -- at least for now .
© 2013 MASHABLE.com .
All rights reserved .
The National Party of Australia has come out swinging against the Federal Government ’s mandatory internet filter policy , with a motion passed at the party ’s Federal conference on the weekend against the idea .
The motion stated that “ The Federal Conference of the Nationals opposes any mandatory ISP - level internet censorship , ” and was passed after a deal of spirited debate , according to people familiar with the situation .
The motion does not bind the Nationals ’ parliamentarians to vote against the ISP filtering policy when its supporting legislation is introduced into parliament — particularly as Coalition policy on the matter has not yet been formalised , and the Nationals ’ only have 9 Members of Parliament in the House of Representatives and 4 Senators .
However , conference motions do give members of parliament a strong indication as to what their party ’s grassroots membership would prefer in matters of policy .
“ This has been an issue of major concern to a very large number of people who have contacted the Nationals in recent times , ” said a spokesperson for Nationals leader and Minister for Trade Warren Truss this afternoon .
The debate about the issue at the conference was understood to have seen in general some older members of the party squaring off against a number of young guns who were against the filter policy .
But there were also a number of older party members arguing against the policy .
The move is just the latest signal of dissent within the Coalition ranks towards Labor ’s controversial internet filter policy , which some parliamentarians — such as Greens Communications Spokesperson Scott Ludlam — do not expect to be introduced into parliament until after the next Federal election .
A number of Liberal MPs such as Joe Hockey , Jamie Briggs and Alex Hawke have spoken out publicly against the filter .
However , Shadow Communications Minister Tony Smith has repeatedly stated that the Coalition will not reveal its policy on the matter until it sees the detail of the associated legislation .
Image credit : Timo Balk , royalty free
If you got a chance to see the Broadway show , Enron you ’ll know that Stephen Kunken was well deserved in getting a Tony nomination for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his role as Andy Fastow .
I say “ got a chance ” because the day Stephen found out he was nominated he was also told that the show would be closing later that week .
If that were me , I ’d want to jump out a window but Stephen is taking it all in stride .
And why should n’t he ?
The critics universally praised his work , he and his wife just adopted a baby and he ’s such a fantastic actor , the phone is probably already ringing in his agents office .
I got a chance to talk to him while he was sitting in his car about to take a well deserved break .
Congratulations on your nomination .
Thank you so much .
How did you find out about it ?
I was watching , because I knew it was important to find out about the longevity of our show – Enron .
With how expensive the show was , if it did n’t get nominated , I knew it would probably be a rough road for us .
I was curious and watching for a couple of minutes .
Then , they let it go and I watched it online .
I sort of saw it all happening in rapid succession .
They did the 5 big categories first on TV and then they ended it .
So I thought that I had missed my category .
I was like , “ Damn , I ca n’t believe it ! ”
But then they actually went back to it .
What ’s that feeling like , to be one of the top five actors nominated ?
It ’s crazy .
I do n’t know that it ’s sunk in yet .
I was just talking to my wife about it .
It ’s such an incredible honor and its a thing that you always dream about as an actor , I think .
Especially as a New York theatre actor who grew up on the Tony ’s and grew up coming to see Broadway shows .
I went to Julliard in the city , which is an institution for theatre .
I remember my first Broadway show , right before I went on , saying “ Wow , as soon as the first word comes out of my mouth , I ’m going to have done a Broadway show . ”
It was an incredible , huge threshold to walk across .
It has n’t even really sunk in yet to be considered a part of the community in a performance that was noteworthy in this season of incredible actors and performances .
It ’s kind of mind - boggling .
It ’s thrilling .
It ’s such a huge honor .
I know these are all the things that everyone always says , but it ’s so true .
You actually really do feel awed by the attention and awed by people actually caring .
There ’s nothing that I just said that ’s new or exciting , but it ’s totally true .
It puts all of that work into perspective for a moment .
It ’s a milestone in your career that you can look back and you can say , ‘ Oh , my God , I actually put together a little body of work . ’
It ’s quite cool .
Is it true that now you can get better seats in a restaurant ?
I do n’t know .
If I won the award , I could walk in with the statue and I still think I would lose instantly to anyone who ’s been on a TV show or in a film .
Maybe at Angus McIndoe across the street they might say “ Hey ! ” but I think other than that , that ’s the beauty of the theatre that unless you saw it , you do n’t really know it .
And then , a couple of hours later , how did you hear about the show closing ?
That ’s got to be a sucker punch .
Well , I saw that the show had n’t been nominated and the producers were pretty frank with us earlier on .
The day after we opened , we had a day off and we came back and talked about it .
New York is tough .
The New York Times is a such an important paper for a big Broadway show .
Because it ’s a table setter and a tone setter for the way people think about a show .
Ben Brantley from The New York Times really did n’t like the show .
He had very nice things to say about me , which was very nice but he did n’t like the show .
And already you could feel as we came back that we were battling that perception .
We had amazing reviews from all other places , but theater people have very strong opinions about the play .
So , I knew from the producers who said the Tony ’s would be very important to us .
So I knew we were in a bit of a race , and when that did n’t come through , I knew that our time might be short .
But I did n’t think it would be that short .
We found out that night .
They sent us all an email basically saying “ Please come to the theatre a half an hour before . ”
Then they told us that there was n’t an advance being built and that the Tony ’s were really important to help build that advance , and that the show was very expensive , and the timing was wrong , possibly , for a show all about finance .
There were a million reasons .
You could Monday morning quarterback what happened with it a million different ways but we found out that night that that was going to be our last week , which was crazy .
It was heartbreaking also , because you hit that moment when you ’re like , ‘ I can get to live in this thing and I can show people my work , ’ and then it was gone just as quick .
But it ’s a great metaphor for the theatre .
The theatre is a living organism that is of the here and the now , and it ’s going to disappear and that ’s the beauty of it .
It ’s gotta suck that you put in all this time and energy , and you got nominated for a Tony , and people ca n’t see your work .
Yeah , it ’s definitely a drag .
All my out - of - town friends will have missed it .
And people I know who bought tickets for later in the summer wo n’t get to see it .
But , in terms of my community of people , a lot of them were great .
They rushed to go see it or they had seen it in the preview period .
I know that the producers made a valiant attempt to try and get as many of the Tony voters in before the show closed .
They got a good bit of those people in .
As far as the joy of doing a play , and getting good notices , and having some kind of acknowledgement that you than get to live in that because it happens so infrequently .
That was a drag , definitely .
Let ’s go back to the beginning .
How did you get your start ?
When did you realized you wanted to be an actor ?
I did it in high school .
I did all the school shows .
I had a great high school drama professor who really made us cut our teeth in high school , not on Bye Bye Birdie , and stuff like that but on Bertolt Brecht .
That really pushed our imaginations .
So , I sort of knew when I was in high school that I really loved it .
When I went to college , I went as a political science major , actually , and took a couple of classes .
I realized in political science , it ’s really a science of figuring out people , and how to manipulate people and how to manipulate perception and understand it .
It was all these things that I was doing and loving in the arts , but it seemed for more nefarious purposes .
So , I decided that I ’d rather do it for entertainment and to help people see the world in a different way that to build a political career .
And then you went to Juilliard ?
Then I went to Juilliard in the city , which was very lucky .
I talked to Carrie Preston who also went there .
She said it was like an acting boot camp .
It was like her Vietnam she said .
Totally .
I love Carrie Preston , she ’s a buddy of mine .
She ’s awesome .
The thing about Juilliard that ’s so great , in terms of the hardest part about Juilliard , is that they look at you when you come in , and they say “ You do these amazing things naturally .
And let ’s be honest , you do n’t need us to continually tell you over the course of these four years what that is that you do great .
So let ’s give you as many skills and tricks and craft as we can do over four years with things you ’re not good at . ”
So , you can spend four years thinking you ’re not good at all , which I think is the danger if you go there too young or too green .
You can start to lose your confidence .
But if you can maintain your sense of the world , you can come out of that program with an incredible set of skills , and having worked with some really great people .
You pretty much work non -stop ; do you credit your education with that ?
Yes , in large part .
I think a huge part of why people want to work with you or hire you — it ’s 50 % what you ’re doing in the auditions and how prepared you are and what kind of take you have on a role , but the other 50 % is , are you somebody who ’s reliable and that people want to work with .
That starts to snowball .
I pride myself on being somebody whose prepared and who is n’t causing problems when they ’re in rehearsal and is just really there to make the play better , to make the project better .
I think that ’s an important part of why you continually work or do n’t work .
Your reputation precedes you into a room .
Hopefully , it ’s working for you as opposed to against you .
You ’ve played two real people ; Jim Reston in Frost / Nixon and Andy Fastow in Enron .
They ’re completely different shows , but was the research on the people the same for you ?
Yes , in a way .
It ’s interesting , when you play a non-fictional character ; you ’re playing somebody who you can pull lots of source material for .
It ’s exciting because a big part of your job is done .
You can see pictures of that person , you can hear that person , and you can do a lot of the external work that will get you close to that person .
But then there ’s a point when that stops being helpful , and you have to do the same work you would do as an actor on any fictional character .
Which is go to the script and figure out exactly what the author or playwright is asking you to do .
Because , even if I did the greatest Jim Reston ever , but it was running counter - intuitive to Peter Morgan ’s script , then we ’re in conflict with each other .
So , it ’s more important that I know what David Frost is saying about Jim Reston in the play and then somehow interpret that either to embody that or do the opposite of it .
To take all the given circumstances that I know from the world of the play and try to marry them with some of the things I know .
It is a kind of hybrid thing when you work on a non-fictional character , but it ’s not a far afield from just working on Chekhov .
Where you ’re completely creating a character from scratch .
You have to do all that same beat to beat , moment to moment work , or else we would just be doing documentaries , essentially .
So when you get a new script — and I know you ’ve done a lot of new plays — what are the very first things you look for and you do ?
That ’s a great question .
I think I probably start off reading the script a number of times .
I had a professor once who said that your first impression is so important , and that when you read a play the first time , do n’t read it piecemeal , do n’t read it on the subway , 10 pages here , another 15 pages there .
You ’re first impression of it should be in some ways the same as if you were to sit in a darkened theatre and watched 2 hours of a play .
So that impression is really important .
The first time through , I ’m really just responding emotionally or intellectually to the experience .
And then I go back and read it a few more times , because it ’s actually really interesting to read a play before you know who you ’re playing in it .
Sometimes , if you get the breakdowns and there ’s equal parts that you might be right for , it ’s really interesting to read a play not tracking it for your character .
You sometimes learn a lot in that respect .
Once you ’ve read it the first time or you know who you ’re playing , I start pulling out all the things I know , trying to develop the skeleton of a character from all the bread crumbs that the playwright has left you .
Very simple things , like how old the person is , where the person grew up , to all the emotional things about that person ; what are their triggers ?
What are the things that set that person off ?
All of the things we work on in acting school , like what does this person want ?
What does this person out of life ?
And then you start to go back and filter all of that together and I find there comes a point where you ’re never even learning the lines , because you ’re doing so much work on figuring out why the lines are there that it sort of figures itself out .
I know that you just adopted a baby , are you going to take some time off and hang out with the family or are you calling your agent and saying “ Let ’s get back to work ” ?
It ’s funny you say that , because my wife and I have a little house up in Connecticut .
I ’m literally sitting right now in a car in the driveway .
We just got here , battling traffic .
I was doing this play David Cromer ’s Our Town , I was playing the stage manager right before we started rehearsals for [ Enron ] .
Literally , I left Our Town on a Thursday night , did my last performance .
On Friday , we flew off to Ethiopia , to get our daughter .
We spent two weeks in Ethiopia , flew back and landed on a Saturday night and started rehearsal on a Monday .
So it ’s been brutal .
But she ’s absolutely the greatest kid in the world .
She is the easiest , sweetest , most grounded kid who ’s kept all this in perspective , all the things like the show closing .
I have this little face to come home to who does n’t care about any of that , it ’s amazing .
Part of closing is going to be lovely .
I ’ll get to spend a chunk of time with her .
Certainly I love working , I love what I do , and if opportunities come up , I ’m sure I will be on the horn with the agents saying “ What ’s next ? ”
But I do n’t suddenly feel the time clock going “ T - minus 2 weeks till I need a job before I go crazy . ”
I ’m very content to have a little bit of vacation time .
Two more questions :
What is the best piece of advice someone gave you regarding acting ?
And what is your advice to actors ?
For the business I think — and my current situation is a perfect example — it ’s a long , long game .
I remember coming out ofJuilliard thinking that it was a series of sprints , that you would look to your left and your right , and you ’d see people in your class and you ’d see people with the agents that you want , or you ’d see them get job you thought you should have , or you were n’t booking and you tended to make an assessment of how you were doing by the people around you .
And you judge that on very short sprints .
But the business is a marathon .
Your career is a marathon , and you have to figure out how to pace yourself , and you have to figure out how to have a sense of inner worth and inner measure , rather than constantly looking around you .
I look at the people in my class , certain people sprinted ahead and then fell back and have n’t worked in a while .
And we ’re all going through the same thing .
There ’s enough work for all of us .
We ’re not in competition with each other really .
I know that ’s sort of “ self - helpy ” speak , but it ’s kind of true in this profession .
There ’s going to be a job that opens up for you because you did n’t get the other job .
There ’s enough work if you stay in it .
There ’s a huge attrition rate in this business because people can’t figure out how to go the whole way .
It ’s such a hard business and people fall off , and if you can figure out how to support yourself and feel good about yourself , your time will come .
Your chance to get those things will come .
Somebody told me that and in the beginning right when I came out of school I totally did n’t believe it .
I was miserable for a lot of time , because I thought “ If I hear another person tell me that I ’m going to really start working in my mid-thirties , I ’m going to just kill myself . ” [ LAUGHTER ]
I was twenty - something , and I thought “ I want to do that ! ” and they ’re like “ Yeah , you know what ?
You ’re going to have a great career in your mid-thirties and your forties and fifties . ”
That ’s not what you want to hear that .
You want to hear that you ’re going to get it now .
But looking back , I ’m like , “ Wow , that ’s great advice . ”
It ’s hard advice to take when you ’re in the middle of it , but — if you ’d have told me in my twenties that I ’d be sitting with a Tony nomination for a new play , I would ‘ve have believed it .
In terms of craft , I ’d have to think about that .
Tell the truth .
I ’ll think of something good at some point .
[ LAUGHTER ]
I ’ll give you a call at 2:00 in the morning when I can actually come up with something [ LAUGHTER ]
Once again , The Spoiler has received some very interesting information from the various squirrels that roam the country , listening in on football boardroom meetings , and spending the evenings alone in bars drinking to forget , before getting free sex from a sympathetic prostitute .
Advertisement
Anyway , today 's whopper is this : Chelsea honchos want rid of John Terry , and will flog him to the highest bidder .
The whisper on the grapevine is that , not unlike Capello , Roman Abramovich has grown rather tired of JT 's bloated sense of self - importance , and curious habit of sticking his nose into other people 's business ( or girlfriends ) , so will now listen to offers for Mr Chelsea .
Advertisement
The boardroom were apparently hoping that their skipper would shower himself in glory during the World Cup to boost his worth , but aside from the time that he lurched around in the box like a man desperately attempting to exit a sleeping bag , it did n't quite happen .
Of course , rubbish World Cup or not , nothing seems capable of preventing the robed men from Man City splattering money around when there 's talk of a " marquee signing " .
Or might a certain Senor Mourinho suddenly appear from the shadows , promising small plates of garlic prawns , and free membership to Cristiano Ronaldo 's Tuesday night sex entourage ?
Chelsea fans , you have been warned .
This post , written by Josh Burt , is republished with permission from The Spoiler .
Go there often if you like soccer stuff .
We 'll send you an 16x20 poster of any photo from our public domain dataset and we 'll write your name on one of our kites !
( kites do n't pop , so this 'll last longer )
Less
Update : The LDS Elders asked ( politely ) to have the photos removed — apparently this post was drawing unwanted attention to them .
I ’ve complied with their request .
— Richard
It had to happen , ladies and gentlemen : the marriage of two uniquely American bike cultures — Latter Day Saint missionaries on bikes and urban hipster fixies !
I and several others got a real kick seeing these LDS Elders riding urban fixed gear bikes in downtown San Jose during the Via Velo open streets event last Saturday .
Fixed gear bicycles can be inexpensive and are typically rugged and very easy to maintain .
Toe clips , dress shoes , and rolled pant leg :
These boys have got it down .
This guy rolls on his tribute to Green Jello with a brake ( right hand on the front , natch ! ) and a bell on his shorty bars .
I should have asked them to trackstand or bar spin , but they just arrived in San Jose less than a month ago and they built these bikes up since their arrival .
What do you think ?
Is this a match made in heaven ?
Or is this unnatural union an unholy alliance portending the fixie apocalypse ?
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pocket
It 's easy , free and fun .
Get started now , by rating some movies below !
... and that 's it !
Criticker will match you to other users with similar taste , and you 'll start getting great recommendations immediately .
save | ignore Your Score ( 0 - 100 ) Submit The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ( 2005 ) Do n't Panic ...
Stick out your thumb to join the most ordinary man in the world on an extra-ordinary adventure across the universe in this hilarious comedy .
( Touchstone Pictures )
You can submit ratings individually or at the end of the page
save | ignore Your Score ( 0 - 100 ) Submit The Illusionist ( 2006 )
Set in turn - of - the - centuy Vienna , this supernatural mystery combines romance , politics and magic .
( Yari Film Group )
save | ignore Your Score ( 0 - 100 ) Submit Apollo 13 ( 1995 ) Stranded 205,000 miles from Earth in a crippled spacecraft , astronauts Jim Lovell , Fred Haise and Jack Swigert fight a desperate battle to survive .
Meanwhile , at Mission Control , astronaut Ken Mattingle , flight director Gene Kranz and a heroic ground crew race against time - and the odds - to bring them home .
save | ignore Your Score ( 0 - 100 ) Submit Chinatown ( 1974 ) Jack Nicholson is private - eye Jake Gittes , living off the murky moral climate of sunbaked , pre-war Southern California .
Hired by a beautiful socialite to investigate her husband 's extramarital affair , Gittes is swept into a maelstrom of double dealings and deadly deceits , uncovering a web of personal and political scandals that come crashing together for one , unforgettable night in Chinatown .
save | ignore Your Score ( 0 - 100 ) Submit Demolition Man ( 1993 )
A cop is brought out of suspended animation in prison to pursue an old ultra-violent enemy who is loose in a nonviolent future society .
save | ignore Your Score ( 0 - 100 ) Submit How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days ( 2003 ) Benjamin Barry is an advertising executive competing with two female co-workers for a major campaign for a diamond merchant .
He cuts a deal with his competitors that the account is his if he can make a woman of their choice fall in love with him in 10 days .
In comes Andie Anderson who , in turn , is writing a story on how to lose a guy in 10 days as a bet with her boss to be allowed to write more substantial stories .
With a hidden agenda in each camp , will either party be able to complete their mission ?
( imdb )
save | ignore Your Score ( 0 - 100 ) Submit Amores Perros ( 2000 ) A bold , intensely emotional , and ambitious story of lives that collide in a Mexico City car crash .
( Lion Gate Films )
save | ignore Your Score ( 0 - 100 ) Submit Evan Almighty ( 2007 ) Steve Carell , reprising his role as the polished , preening newscaster Evan Baxter of " Bruce Almighty , " is the next one appointed by God to accomplish a holy mission .
Newly elected to Congress , Evan leaves Buffalo behind and shepherds his family to suburban northern Virginia .
Once there , his life gets turned upside - down when God ( Freeman ) appears and mysteriously commands him to build an ark .
But his befuddled family just can't decide whether Evan is having an extraordinary mid-life crisis or is truly onto something of Biblical proportions .
( Universal )
save | ignore Your Score ( 0 - 100 ) Submit Tangled ( 2010 )
The magically long - haired Rapunzel has spent her entire life in a tower , but now that a runaway thief has stumbled upon her , she is about to discover the world for the first time , and who she really is .
New York ’s highest court ruled on Thursday that police departments cannot use general warrants that apply to a specific location to search every person they find there unless there is probable cause to believe that a particular person is involved in criminal activity .
While the decision , which was unanimous , arose from a case in Syracuse , the ruling could have broad implications because “ all - persons - present ” warrants are so often used by the police .
Asked about the decision , Paul J. Browne , the New York Police Department ’s chief spokesman , said , “ We ’re waiting for the department lawyers to review it , to see what the implications may be for the Police Department . ”
In its 7 - to - 0 ruling , the New York Court of Appeals said that an all - persons - present warrant used by the police in Syracuse during a drug raid at an apartment in 2006 did not give them enough evidence to strip - search a man who was in the home .
The court ordered the dismissal of drug possession charges that the man , Robert Mothersell , had been facing .
A New Zealand government intelligence base is not " under US control or assisting military operations in Iraq " , the country 's spy chiefs say .
The rare public statement comes after three activists were cleared of burglary and wilful damage last month after breaking into the base in 2008 .
The activists claimed that the intelligence centre in the country 's South Island was under US control .
The Waihopai Valley base contributes to " torture " and " war " , activists said .
" The Waihopai station was not - and is not - being used to contribute to ' torture , war and the use of weapons of mass destruction ' , " the director of the Government Communications Security Bureau ( GCSB ) Bruce Ferguson and his predecessor Bruce Tucker said in a statement .
" The claims that the Waihopai station is ' a United States spy base in our midst ' , contributing to ...' unspeakable evil ' can not be left unchallenged .
" It is totally operated and controlled by New Zealand , through the GCSB as an arm of the New Zealand government " , they added .
Teacher Adrian Leason , Dominican friar Peter Murnane and farmer Sam Land deflated the Waihopai base 's radar dome covers when they broke into the site in 2008 , the news website stuff .
co.nz reports .
The base undermines New Zealand government policy by helping military operations in Iraq , the activists claimed .
Reports in the New Zealand media say that the Waihopai listening post is part of the US - led Echelon eavesdropping network .
The Waipohai site , in the Marlborough region on the northern tip of South Island , is a regular target for activists who want to have the base closed down .
BP has spent $ 2.35 billion in its response to the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , the company said this morning .
' The cost of the response to date amounts to approximately $ 2.35 billion , including the cost of the spill response , containment , relief well drilling , grants to the Gulf states , claims paid , and federal costs , ' BP said .
The total costs , equivalent to £ 1.57 billion sterling , compared with a previous estimate of $ 2 billion that was given on Monday .
The company , which agreed a $ 20 billion fund to pay claims after White House arm - twisting , added that it was ' too early to quantify other potential costs and liabilities associated with the incident . '
BP said that about 74,000 claims had been lodged , and that it had paid out a total of $ 126 m , comprising 39,000 payments .
The troubled British energy giant has been trying to contain the oil spill since an explosion on its Deepwater Horizon oil rig on April 20 killed 11 people .
BP has faced intense political pressure from Washington over the spill , which is the worst man-made environmental disaster in US history .
The group has faced spiralling costs for cleaning up the spill and compensating affected residents and businesses .
Meanwhile , BP resumed full siphoning operations from the ruptured Gulf of Mexico oil well yesterday , but Florida was forced to close down popular tourist beaches at the height of the summer season as more crude washed ashore .
The vast slick has already hit the coastlines of Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama , but could spell disaster for Florida , one of the world 's top tourist destinations with more than 80 million visitors a year .
At a time of high unemployment in other sectors , tourism in Florida generates more than a million jobs , bringing the state $ 65 billion in revenue in 2008 .
Its shares price has crashed to a 13 - year low point after the group ramped up the costs so to $ 2.35 billion .
The price of the shares has collapsed by more than 50 % - wiping billions of dollars off BP 's stock market value .
BP closed down 6.4 % in London this evening .
From Think Progress , something that I 've been wondering myself as I 've watched this disaster go on in the Gulf , why are we letting the criminals run the show with the effort to fix this thing ?
As I 've said before , the only thing it looks like they 're doing is as much damage control as possible for future law suits and trying to salvage as much oil as possible from the well as they can before someone stops them .
I do n't feel any differently as their latest attempt at the " top kill " maneuver failed .
The above video is Doug Brinkley 's disgust with the entire situation which I know everyone from that area is feeling and here 's some of what Think Progress 's Wonk Room had to contribute on why BP should not be running the show on getting this gusher of oil stopped .
Yes , We Can Push Out BP :
The latest attempt by BP to shut down its apocalyptic oil gusher — the “ top kill ” maneuver — has failed , despite BP CEO Tony Hayward ’s assurance yesterday that it had a 70 percent chance of success .
There ’s no question that the federal government , if the president so decides , can take over the challenge of mitigating the damage of BP ’s oil to the shores and waters of the Gulf of Mexico .
But can President Obama take charge of stopping the wellhead gusher from the foreign oil giant ?
The administration argues it ’s keeping BP in charge of the attempts to shut down the blown out well because government does n’t have the equipment or expertise to solve this engineering problem without BP .
... The administration has been keeping an ecological criminal in charge of the crime scene during a national crisis .
Seventeen nations have offered assistance — but “ the final decision is up to BP ” to accept it , according to the State Department — and only Canada , Mexico and Norway have been allowed to help so far .
The law — Title 33 , Section 1321 — mandates that President Obama “ shall direct all Federal , State , and private actions to remove the discharge , ” using any means necessary .
There are not any resources — people or equipment — that Obama does n’t have the authority to seize and put into service .
... In fact , the president has the authority to nationalize BP America and seize all of its assets , rendering the question of reliance on BP moot .
If Obama does not believe that the Clean Water Act ’s “ spill of national significance ” provisions give him sufficient authority , he can rightly declare a national emergency , or demand that Congress deliver him necessary legislation .
Or there ’s an easier option : BP is on the hook for all costs of this apocalyptic disaster .
Obama can simply buy BP America and send the bill to its foreign parent company .
Go read the whole post .
I do n't think too many people would disagree with their points , including Doug Brinkley .
BP can not be trusted to clean up the disaster they created and the administration needs to come to grips with that .
Yesterday would not be soon enough .
They need to be removed from the decisions on how to fix this and criminally prosecuted for how they 've handled this disaster , along with Halliburton and Transocean .
As Brinkley noted BP has constantly been in cover up mode and they 've had to be called to Washington to get any information released .
They should not be trusted to fix this .
I hope he 's wrong that the country is not paying attention to this disaster .
( c)2005
nSFWComix ltd .
January 18 , 2006
And if you do n't believe in Batmanology , then Batman will come to your house and Bat - kick you in the face .
Maybe not immediately , but certainly before the world ends .
And the world will end when Batman says so , Bat - bitches .
Representation of the geographic dispersion models tested for the occupation of the Americas .
( see scientific paper for details ) .
Two distinct groups from Asia settled in the New World and not one single migration as suggested by previous genetic studies , experts said Monday after comparing the skulls of early Americans .
Paleoanthropologists from Brazil , Chile and Germany compared the skulls of several dozen Paleoamericans , dating back to the early days of migration 11,000 years ago , with the more recent remains of more than 300 Amerindians .
" We found that the differences between Early and Late Native American groups match the predictions of a two - migration scenario far better than they do those of any other hypothesis , " they said .
" In other words , these differences are so large that it is highly improbable that the earliest inhabitants of the New World were the direct ancestors of recent Native American populations . "
Their landmark research found differences in the cranial morphology that could only be explained by the fact that the last common ancestor of the Early and Late Native American groups came from outside the continent .
The experts agreed the differences were best explained by a scenario in which a first wave of settlers came across the Bering Strait from Northeast Asia followed by a second group from East Asia much later via the same route .
" We conclude that the morphological diversity documented through time in the New World is best accounted for by a model postulating two waves of human expansion into the continent originating in East Asia and entering through Beringia , " they said .
" This disparity between our results and those of most genetic studies points to a large gap in our understanding of the peopling of the New World . "
Explore further Scientists find genetic evidence for southern origin of modern humans in East Asia
( c ) 2010 AFP
Landscape business owner Robert Lane Camp was sentenced this morning to three months in prison and another three months under house arrest as part of a federal five - year probation for harboring an illegal immigrant who later murdered a Houston police officer .
Camp , 48 , pleaded guilty to employing and harboring Leonardo Quintero , the Mexican laborer convicted of shooting Rodney Johnson four times in the head after a traffic stop in 2006 .
Camp told U.S. District Judge Vanessa Gilmore that he thought it was just a civil violation that he employed Quintero , who he knew was illegally here , so he paid his salary to the worker 's wife , who had a Social Security number .
“ I never for an instant thought I would be here , ” Camp said as he stood before the federal judge .
He said it 's hard to hire people with legal documentation to help in his landscaping business because “ it 's hot , it 's dirty and it 's long hours . ”
But he also said he 's kept up his business using legal workers since his employee killed a policeman .
“ I 'm very sorry and apologize to the court and my family and friends .
I 've shamed a lot of people , including myself , ” Camp said to a courtroom half filled with his supporters .
Also in court was Houston police Sgt. Joslyn Johnson , the widow of Officer Rodney Johnson .
“ It was a slap in the face , ” she said .
“ He 's just as guilty as Quintero in my eyes and just as guilty as Carter 's Country for selling the gun . ”
Sgt. Johnson settled her civil lawsuit against Camp for an undisclosed amount but is pursuing a civil lawsuit against the store that sold Quintero the gun .
Quintero was sentenced in May 2008 to life in prison .
She said Quintero usually carried the gun he used to kill her husband and should not have been allowed by law to purchase it .
Prosecutors Jay Hileman and Ryan McConnell asked the judge to include the prison and home confinement in the probation .
Most cases like this do not end in any kind of prison time for the business owners .
Camp employed Quintero , rented him a home , bailed him out of jail when he was charged with indecency with a child and helped him return to this country after he was deported .
Sgt. Johnson was upset to see Camp leave the court with his family and friends .
“ He 's out on bond , he gets to enjoy his family , ” she said .
The judge released Camp until a future date when he is scheduled to serve his prison term .
Sgt. Johnson implored employers be more vigilant about hiring undocumented workers , especially those such as Quintero who have been found guilty of prior charges and been deported .
mary.flood@chron.com
About the author
( NewsTarget ) The West is catching on to what the East has known for thousands of years : mushrooms are beneficial to health .
They increase immunity , provide vital nutrients , and have been shown to fight cancer .
Many of the most powerful medicinal mushrooms like Reishi and Maitake grow wild right all around North America and are easy to find once one knows what to look for .
Reishi ormushroom ( ) is one of the oldest known medicinal mushrooms .
It has been used as a medicinal mushroom in China for over 4000 years.can be translated as " mushroom of immortality , " and is in many supplements that are currently used to build immunity and fight cancer .
In America this hard red mushroom can be found at the base of living deciduous trees , especially maple , from May through November .
Maitake ( ) is commonly known as Hen of the Woods .
It 's a well loved mushroom for its choice edibility and the joy it causes when finding it .
The Japanese name , Maitake , means " dancing mushroom " because people are said to do a dance of joy when they find it .
In particular this mushroom is known to increase immunity , regulate blood sugar and pressure , and is rich in vitamins and minerals .
Even common mushrooms like the puffball and wood ear are found in the Chinese herbal Materia Medica .
The wood ear ( ) is known asin Chinese , and is used to treat Lung consumption .
It can be found growing on stumps and logs in the late summer .
To be used medicinally it is dried and then steeped as tea .
This mushroom can also be found in soups in many Chinese restaurants .
The common puffball ( ) is a large white mushroom appearing in fields and meadows .
It also benefits the lungs , but this time helps in situations when the throat is red and burning as well .
In the Chinese Materia Medica it is known asRecently the Shiitake mushroom ( ) was found to contain tremendously increased amounts of vitamin D when dried in the sun .
This is a cultivated mushroom in America and is not found wild .
It is commonly found in grocery stores and can be purchased fresh and dried in the sun .
It can also be grown at home on logs from spores .
It is not necessary to buy expensive supplements from overseas with questionable ingredients because many of these mushroom can be found wild .
When hunting mushrooms , it is always best to first go with someone who knows mushrooms very well , as look - alikes can be toxic .
Groups like The North American Mushroom Association and Western Pennsylvania Mushroom Club can be very helpful .
Bensky and Gamble , Lee GS , Byun HS , Yoon KH , Lee JS , Choi KC , Jeung EB ( March 2009 ) .
Melissa Sokulski is an acupuncturist , herbalist , and founder of the website Food Under Foot , a website devoted entirely to wild edible plants .
The website offers plant descriptions , photographs , videos , recipes and more .
Her new workbook , Wild Plant Ally , offers an exciting , hands - on way to learn about wild edible plants .
Melissa also runs The Birch Center for Health in Pittsburgh , PA , providing the best in complementary health care : acupuncture , therapeutic massage and herbal medicine .
Yesterday someone called me for whom I did some work 7 years ago that he is now at a new company and need some quick Perl script written .
A 2 days long work .
As I was just heading home from a conference and I was close to their office we decided I go over so we can talk about it .
They have a system that provides its results in a CSV file but they have a client that needed the result in an XML file with some extra processing .
So the project involved processing a CSV file and based on a small XML configuration file the script was supposed to generate an XML output file .
As the system of the client runs on Windows this had to work there .
After looking at the actual project we decided I 'll start to work on it immediately at their offices .
They put me in front of a Windows machine .
I downloaded and installed the Stand Alone Padre editor and had almost everything I needed .
As it has a version of Strawberry Perl for Windows underneath it already had XML :: LibXML for XML processing .
I tried to use it in order to process the configuration file but I have never used that module and I felt it would be faster to install and use XML :: Simple for reading the small configuration file .
The already configured cpan client allowed me to type c :> cpan XML :: Simple and after a few seconds I already had the module .
When I got to the point of processing the CSV file I probably could get away with a simple split ( ) statement on every row but I did not want to take the risk of having a field with quotation marks and a comma inside a value breaking the code .
So I opted for [ dits://Text::CSV_XS ] .
I had to install it but it was easy : c : > cpan Text ::CSV_XS
After about 5 hours total work including the initial discussion and finding a computer for me that took about 2 hours I was done with the script .
Then comes the hard part .
The actual production system does not have access to the Internet so one cannot simply use the cpan client .
They could use a VPN to copy files to the machine just could not let the cpan client fetch the modules .
Luckily the solution was not difficult .
I told them to copy Strawberry Perl to the system and the source code version ( .tag.gz files ) of the two modules to the production machine .
After installing Strawberry
Perl they could use c :> pip Text - CSV_XS -0.70.tgz to install the module .
Of course I was lucky as there were only two extra modules I needed and neither of them had dependencies that Strawberry did not have .
In a more complex case I might need several other modules and as the person who will install this on the target system does not know any Perl s/he will only feel it as an unnecessary complex installation .
Solutions A
It would be nice if there was a simple way to build a package from this .
That could be the planned Strawberry Perl Professional that will include many other CPAN modules reducing the chance that I 'll need extra modules .
B
It could be a way to build the MSI installer based on a released version of Strawberry Perl and several modules from CPAN .
This should be very easy that does not need any extra things beyond Strawberry Perl and the specific extra modules .
C
It could be taking the Strawberry Perl MSI package and the source versions of the required extra modules and zipping them together .
On the target system the sysadmin could unzip the file install Strawberry using the .MSI package Run a script that will install the extra modules that were supplied with the package
The last item needs some thinking so the script will either make sure that the dependencies are installed first or will let the user configure the local directory holding the extra files as the cpan server where pip needs to look for dependencies .
Thinking about this , this might be built by using CPAN :: Mini we just need to configure the cpan client to look there first .
An internal BP document released by the chairman of the Energy and Environment Subcommittee in the House Energy and Commerce Committee , Ed Markey , discloses what the vast majority already know - that a " worst case " gusher scenario could be as high as 100,000 barrels of oil per day .
According to an exhibit discussing flow rate probabilities , BP says that " If BOP and wellhead are removed and if we have incorrectly modeled the restrictions – the rate could be as high as ~ 100,000 barrels per day up the casing or 55,000 barrels per day up the annulus ( low probability worst cases ) . "
This is getting very close to the estimate presented previously by Matt Simmons that the flow rate could be as high as 120,000 bpd .
As Markey notes , " This number is in sharp contrast to BP ’s initial claim that the leak was just 1,000 barrels a day .
At the time this document was made available to Congress , BP claimed the leak was 5,000 barrels a day , and told Members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee that the worst case scenario was be 60,000 barrels a day .
This document tells a different story . "
It is stunning to discover that a major multi-national corporation could be so daring as to lie to shareholders , Congress and taxpayers .
The next question that Congress may want to look into is why the Obama administration swallowed BP 's lies hook line and collapsing GoM floor bed , without using an independent 3rd party verification , and what the liability to the firm would be if the official flow rate is revised to be twice higher than the current worse case scenario .
We are confident that as more of the structural integrity of the seabed collapses , that even Simmons ' estimate will prove to be conservative .
More from Ed Markey :
“ Considering what is now known about BP ’s problems with this well prior to the Deepwater Horizon explosion , including cementing issues , leaks in the blowout preventer and gas kicks , BP should have been more honest about the dangerous condition of the well bore , ” said Markey , the chairman of the Energy and Environment Subcommittee in the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
On Thursday , Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen was asked in his daily briefing about the condition of the well bore .
He said there , “ So what I would tell you is we do n’t know exactly the condition of the well bore .
And that ’s one of the unknowns that we ’re managing around in terms of risks .
And that ’s the reason we did n’t go , did n’t go to excessive pressures on the top kill and decided that we ’d deal with containment and then go for the final relief well . ”
According to Admiral Allen : " I think that one thing that nobody knows is the condition of the well bore from below the blowout preventer down to the actual oil field itself .
And we do n’t know , we do n’t know if the well bore has been compromised or not . "
What the BP document suggests that if the well bore is compromised or becomes compromised , we now know we could be looking at a flow rate 100 times BP 's initial estimate .
Even if we can't know for certain the condition of the well bore , we should have known how much oil could flow from it -- BP did .
“ When the oil spill started , BP said it was only 1,000 barrels a day .
Now we know it could end up being 100 times larger than that in a worst - case scenario , ” said Markey .
“ This document raises very troubling questions about what BP knew and when they knew it .
It is clear that , from the beginning , BP has not been straightforward with the government or the American people about the true size of this spill .
Now the families living and working in the Gulf are suffering from their incompetence . ”
“ BP needs to tell us what it will do if the well bore is compromised and 100,000 barrels per day of oil spills into the ocean .
At this point , we need real contingency planning , not a plan with dead scientists and walruses , ” said Markey .
Smoking gun BP exhibits :
Mooooo !
" Republicans said we can't vote for this or they 'll say mean things about us ! "
Of course , it 's just an excuse to do what they want to do to make big contributors happy :
The Senate effectively rejected a slimmed - down package of jobless benefits and state aid late Thursday , rebuffing President Obama 's call for urgent action to bolster the economic recovery .
Sens. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) and Joseph I. Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) voted with a united Republican caucus to block the approximately $ 120 billion package .
The measure needed 60 votes to advance , but garnered only 56 .
Democratic leaders , who had predicted victory less than 24 hours earlier , vowed not to give up on the measure , but acknowledged that they have no clear path to securing the one or two Republican votes needed to push it to final passage .
Though the sprawling package contains a number of must - pass provisions , Republicans have been steadfast in their opposition , insisting that the full cost of the measure be covered by cutting existing government programs .
" Americans are frustrated with the amount of spending and borrowing around here , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) said after the vote .
" Let 's not wave on through legislation that is going to worsen the deficit and dig an even deeper hole than we are in . "
With midterm elections looming this fall , conservative Democrats also had voiced opposition to the size of the package and its impact on deficits , already driven to record levels by government spending to combat the recession .
But congressional leaders have struggled to pare the legislation back .
" We are going through all transactions to look at ways we can bring this all together .
The test is always going to be will it benefit the customer service and whether it will provide value for money . "
Weekly claims are unexpectedly up again , with the 4 - week moving average holding near or above 450,000 for months .
Once again the number of claims exceeded the estimate of every economist in the survey , this time by a minimum of 23,000 claims .
The last two times economists blamed snow and Easter ( as if they did not know there was snow or Easter ) when they made their projections .
This week there is no Easter or weather to blame .
I guess it 's just one of those things ( like economists being perpetually optimistic ) .
Weekly Claims Report
Please consider the Unemployment Weekly Claims Report for April 20 , 2010 .
In the week ending May 15 , the advance figure for seasonally adjusted initial claims was 471,000 , an increase of 25,000 from the previous week 's revised figure of 446,000 .
The 4 - week moving average was 453,500 , an increase of 3,000 from the previous week 's unrevised average of 450,500 .
Unemployment Claims
4 - Week Moving Average of Initial Claims
4 - Week Moving Average of Initial Claims Since 2007
Questions on the Weekly Claims vs. the Unemployment Rate
( written from a Production point of view Real World article
A group of refugees come through the wormhole in search of Kentanna , their fabled homeworld .
Contents show ]
Summary
Teaser
Kira Nerys underwent a day of frustrations the previous day with Minister Rozahn fighting bureaucratic excuses concerning the logistics for irrigating the Trilar Peninsula on Bajor .
Kira has a sense of urgency , and feels Bajor is really in dire trouble .
Unfortunately , she put off gathering next month 's duty roster for Commander Sisko , and so Sisko calls her in his office to remind her .
He knows what kept her busy , as her frustrated voice carried in Ops .
She promises to drop it and get the roster done .
Chief O'Brien then relays a message from Quark , and so Kira goes down to the bar .
She finds several Bajorans enjoying a sonata by Varani , but Quark sees customers not ordering any food or drink .
Despite agreeing to have Varani play for a month , he would like to see something more upbeat so more people come in and spend latinum .
She relays the request to Varani , but wishes there could be a more appropriate venue for him .
Varani is passionate about bringing back the Bajorans ' artistic heritage .
Particularly , he wants to rebuild the Jalanda Forum , and had asked Kira to talk to Minister Bolka about it , but she says Bolka is very busy these days .
All this activity is interrupted by a new ship appearing through the wormhole .
The ship is damaged , and four Skrreeans are beamed aboard while their ship is tractored in .
Sisko introduces himself , but they are frightened .
Act One
As they attempt to communicate , Sisko and the others realize that the Skrreeans do n't appear to understand what they are saying , nor can the crew understand the Skrreeans .
They resolve to keep the Skrreeans talking until the universal translator can make sense of the Skrreean language , and decide to bring the group of them , Haneek , Tumak , Gai , and Cowl , down to the infirmary to tend to the wounds of one .
This trip , unusually adventurous for a walk to the infirmary , reveals that the single female Skrreean , Haneek , appears to be the leader of the group .
She also appears to only trust Kira , the only female so far that has dealt with the Skrreeans .
After Dr. Bashir treats
Tumak 's hand wound with a dermal regenerator , the Skrreeans arrive at quarters prepared for them , and Sisko gets them some maaza stalks to show them what to do .
After some further attempts at communication , the computer begins sporadically , but soon adequately , to translate the Skrreean language .
It is revealed that some three million Skrreean refugees are in trouble in the Gamma Quadrant and need the crew 's help to inform their people of the wormhole and travel through it .
Act Two
Haneek is now communicating well , and waits with the senior staff for Sisko in Ops .
She explains her present and current nervousness is due to the presence of many males , as theirs is a female - dominated society , though she herself is " little more than a farmer . "
She then goes into their situation : their people have been seeking the Eye of the Universe , as legend says it is the gateway to their new homeworld , Kentanna .
They heard about the wormhole and believed it to be the Eye.
Sisko , Dax , and Kira resolve to welcome as many Skrreeans on to the station as is possible , and quickly search for a suitable planet for the Skrreeans to colonize .
Ominously , Haneek also explains that their race was freed from servitude to the T - Rogorans when that race was in turn conquered by a Dominion member .
Haneek , back in her quarters , receives Kira who wants to have her greet the first group of Skrreeans when they arrive .
She is nervous about this , as she 's not a leader at all , but it would help to make sure the newcomers know it 's safe .
Meanwhile , Jake and Nog talk on the upper level of the Promenade about the dabo girl Jake saw earlier , Mardah , but not quite on a date , as he helped with her homework on entomology .
Nog is impressed , and says he could n't use the excuse of helping someone with their homework to see a girl .
They also observe a Skrreean ( Tumak ) eating leftover food , unaware he can order from the replicators .
They wave hello to him , and he runs away .
The arrival of the first large group of Skrreeans is an awesome sight , as many of them fill the Promenade and experience their first taste of freedom .
Act Three
As Skrreeans begin arriving on the station , there is some cultural tension .
Haneek earlier had mentioned that the Skrreeans are matriarchal , as they find males too emotional and adversarial to make significant decisions .
Nog finds this to be true , as he is pursued and eventually assaulted by several young Skrreeans including Tumak over a practical joke .
Odo stops the children , and takes Nog to his office to have him talk to his father Rom.
Quark arrives instead and makes Nog apologize .
When Nog leaves , Quark looks down on the Skrreeans for loitering " without buying anything , " and for the skin flakes they leave around his bar .
Later , Nog meets back up with Jake , but runs into the Skrreeans again .
Jake has Nog apologise , but the Skrreeans are unimpressed and try to attack Nog , leading all the boys to start brawling in the middle of the Promenade .
Quark breaks it up , but makes it clear to the Skrreeans that they have worn out their welcome .
Meanwhile , the Skrreean matriarchs meet and agree that Haneek , as the first to find the wormhole , should lead the Skrreeans to Kentanna .
She is nervous , but says she 'll do the best she can .
Kira encourages her afterward , saying she 's not alone .
Furthermore , Varani introduces himself , and presents a gift , saying his people know what it 's like to be a displaced people .
She happily accepts it and returns to her room .
The gift inspires her to research Bajor , and finds that it fits the relevant description for the new Skrreean homeworld ; it is " a planet of sorrow , " and just outside the wormhole .
Dax and Sisko research possible worlds , they settle on Draylon II , a planet with a temperate climate , good soil , and a long growing season .
It should be very suitable for them , and they go to meet them with the news .
But before they can make the suggestion , Haneek announces they have already found it – Bajor .
Act Four
Haneek insists that the Bajoran Provisional Government be petitioned to let the Skrreeans immigrate there .
After a debate to consider the Skrreeans ' request , the government in the end denies them , for fear that Bajor 's problems will both worsen due to and spread to the Skrreeans .
Minister Rozahn and Vedek Sorad travel to DS9 to give the response in person .
Varani catches up with Kira beforehand , presuming to know the response , and asks Kira to relay his regret at the eventual denial to Haneek .
In Sisko's office , Rozahn diplomatically explains that , despite Haneek 's assurance that they do n't need the Bajorans ' help , and that their projections on their future growth could be wrong , the government states the risk is too high .
Should the Skrreeans need help , the Bajorans cannot deny them , and they simply do n't have the resources to do so .
Furthermore , the land is not guaranteed to be able to be farmed .
Haneek is disheartened , and turns to Kira for support , but Kira states she agrees with the government .
Meanwhile , Jake finds Tumak at the Replimat and tries to be friendly , suggesting icoberry torte .
Tumak insults Nog , but Jake shakes it off .
Tumak is curt with him , disappointed in the decision to go to Draylon II and his overall experiences on the station .
Haneek considers the situation in her quarters when Kira arrives to talk .
Haneek feels betrayed by a supposed friend , but Kira believes it is the right decision .
Just then , Sisko calls in to inform Kira that Tumak has taken a Skrreean ship for Bajor , attempting to immigrate by force .
Act Five
Kira and Haneek arrive in Ops to get more information and communicate with Tumak .
He , unfortunately , is unaware that his ship is suffering from a plasma leak , and he also resists communication .
While Sisko and Haneek are attempting to warn him , a pair of Bajoran interceptors move in to keep him off Bajor .
The Bajorans are under direct orders from General Hazar not to let them land , so they contact him directly to stand them down .
He does so , but both parties have already exchanged enough fire for Tumak 's ship to explode all by itself from the damage of the phaser fire igniting the radiation leak .
In the end , the rejected Skrreeans reluctantly leave for Draylon II .
Kira meets up with Haneek at the airlock to wish her luck , and that she still thinks Draylon is the best choice for them and Bajor .
Haneek responds she believes it 's a terrible mistake the Bajorans are making , insisting that the two races could have helped each other through their troubles .
She pities the Bajorans for the suspicion and mistrust gained from the Occupation , and leaves without any parting words save for one last cutting remark : " You were right [ Kira ] : Bajor is not Kentanna . "
Log entries
Memorable quotes
" It 's hard to keep a secret in Ops , especially when you 've been shouting at a monitor for the past two days . "
" Thought I kept it down to an angry whisper . "
" Let 's just say your voice carries . "
- Benjamin Sisko and Kira Nerys
" Ahh , Major !
Get everything settled with Quark ? "
" That little toad is this far from doing a 360 out an airlock ! "
" I'm glad to hear everything went OK . "
- Benjamin Sisko and Kira Nerys
" Heh , there 's no doubt who the boss is . "
- Odo , after observing Haneek giving orders to the three men with her
" This will be your quarters while you 're here at the station .
I 'm sure you wanna rest and clean up and you do n't understand anything I 'm saying , do you ? "
- Kira Nerys to the Skrreeans
" What 's that smell ? "
" Ask him ! "
" Me ? You 're the one who stinks ! "
- Jake Sisko , Tumak and Nog
" Are all your leaders women ? "
" Yes .
" All of them ?
" You heard her , Julian . "
" Men are far too emotional to be leaders .
They 're constantly fighting amongst themselves .
It 's their favorite thing to do . " [ off looks from O'Brien , Odo and Bashir ] " I 'm sorry , I hope I have n't offended anyone . "
- Jadzia Dax , Haneek , and Julian Bashir
" Mardah 's studying entomology .
She asked me to help her out . "
" A dabo girl who studies entomology !
Hah !
Sure . "
" It 's true ! "
" Yeah !
What is entomology ? "
" The study of bugs . "
" Oh , you mean she wants to be a chef ! "
- Jake and Nog
" It 's going to get awfully crowded around here , Commander . "
" I know , Constable , but it 's worth it .
Just look at them .
They 're experiencing their first taste of freedom . "
- Odo and Benjamin Sisko
" This is n't over yet , Big Ears ! "
- Tumak
" I think you 've made a terrible mistake .
All of you .
Maybe we could have helped you .
Maybe we could have helped each other .
The Skreeans are farmers , Kira .
You have a famine on your planet .
Perhaps we could have made that peninsula bloom again .
We 'll never know , will we ?
Fifty years of Cardassian rule have made you all frightened and suspicious .
I feel sorry for you .
You were right .
Bajor is not Kentanna . "
- Haneek , to Kira Nerys
" Nog , have you been causing mischief again ? "
" No uncle , it 's all a misunderstanding . "
" He sprayed several Skrreean boys with a foul smelling vapor . "
[ Smiles ] " Did he ? "
[ Turns to Nog ] " What do you have to say for yourself ? "
" I 'm sorry ? "
" See the boy is beside himself with guilt ! "
- Quark , Nog , and Odo
Background information
Story and script
Production
Reception
Ira Steven
Behr liked the dark conclusion to this episode , especially Kira 's involvement in it ; " It was a bold episode .
It really walked the line with Kira , and pushed her into a very unattractive place .
" ( Star Trek : Deep Space Nine Companion )
" ( )
Behr also commented that the ending " had the impact of a physical blow .
It was really well done .
I liked doing the stuff with the language and the weird stuff with the two husbands who serviced her .
It was a great show . " ( Captains ' Logs Supplemental - The Unauthorized Guide to the New Trek Voyages , p 67 )
Trivia
Remastered version
Remastered footage from the episode is featured in the documentary What We Left Behind .
Video and DVD releases
Starring
Also starring
Guest stars
And
Co-stars
Uncredited co-stars
References
Alpha Quadrant ; amusement ; Bajor ; Bajoran interceptor ; Bajoran Provisional Government ; Bajoran sector ; Bajoran system ; Bajoran wormhole ; Bolka ; bug ; Cardassians ; Chamber of Ministers ; class M ; comb ; constable ; crop failure ; dabo ; dabo girl ; dabo wheel ; dermal regenerator ; Dominion ; Draylon II ; duty roster ; entomology ; evasive action ; exhibition hall ; Eye of the Universe ; farmland ; Federation ; Gamma Quadrant ; general ; grammar ; gross profit ; growing season ; heart ; hour ; icoberry torte ; immigration ; indicator ; Interceptor One ; inventory ; Jalanda Forum ; jeetaka ; Jem ' Hadar ; Kentanna ; laborer ; latinum ; maaza stalks ; Mardah ; minister ; music hall ; northwest peninsula ; Occupation of Bajor ; phaser ; plasma burn ; plasma leak ; profit ; projection ; Promenade ; Quark's ; Reegrunions ; refugee ; replicator ; Rom ; runabout ; Sefalla Prime ; self - worth ; Skrreeans ; Skrreean language ; Skrreean ships ; sonata ; strip ; T - Rogorans ; Taal ; Tixiplik , Plix ; tivara ; toad ; Trilar Peninsula ; troll ; universal translator ; Vedek ; Vedek Assembly ; winter
Italian prosecutors believe pizza in the southern city of Naples may be baked in ovens lit with wood from coffins dug up in the local cemetery , Italian daily Il Giornale reports .
" Pizza , one of the few symbols of Naples that endures ... is hit by the concrete suspicion that it could be baked with wood from coffins , " Il Giornale said on Monday .
Investigators in Naples are setting their sights on the thousands of small , lower - end pizza shops and bakeries that dot the city on suspicion that the owners may " use wood from caskets to keep ovens burning " .
Naples 's graveyard has long been a hunting ground for thieves : last year , 5000 flower pots were stolen from the cemetery .
" A gang might have set up a market for coffins sold to hard - hearted owners of bakeries and pizzerias looking to save money on wood , " Il Giornale said .
Get updates via email :
We do not sell , rent or share your email wtih any 3rd party .
He has a radio show that is the toast of conservative America and his extremist rants accusing President Barack Obama of being anti-white and a closet socialist have made him a star on Fox News .
His speaking tours sell out like a rock star 's and his published political diatribes are bestsellers .
Now Glenn Beck , loved by the right and loathed by the left , is promoting his anti-government conspiracy theories in a most unexpected branch of the arts : the novel .
This week will see the publication of The Overton Window , Beck 's near - future thriller that reads like a Tea Party activist 's dark fantasy of brave patriots fighting for America against their own freedom - squashing government .
The protagonist and hero is Noah Gardner , a public relations executive who falls in love with a woman called Molly Ross .
She gradually convinces him of the existence of a great threat to America which , as every Tea Party activist will instantly guess , has its source in the government .
" An unprecedented attack on US soil shakes the country to the core and puts into motion a frightening plan , decades in the making , to transform America and demonise all those who stand in the way , " reads the publisher 's blurb .
According to Beck himself , the book will feature a heroic citizens ' group called the Founders Keepers , whose name sounds a lot like the Oath Keepers , a real - life conservative group of police officers and soldiers founded last year who believe their own government is a growing threat to freedom .
Since Obama 's election a host of conspiracy theories have grown up on the extreme right of American politics .
They range from Obama being a secret Muslim or communist to theories that the government intends to confiscate citizens ' guns and round up dissidents into concentration camps .
Beck is a hero to the movement .
Yet , despite the seeming outlandishness of its plot , Beck 's thriller is almost guaranteed to be a massive bestseller .
" Glenn Beck 's fans are so devoted to following all his stuff that they are bound to go out and buy this book , " said Carolyn Kellogg , a blogger on the Los Angeles Times book blog , Jacket Copy .
Judging by an audio excerpt of Beck 's prose released last week , the book has no pretensions to the highbrow .
Here is Beck introducing his hero : " He had spent a full decade building what most guys would call an outstanding record of success with the ladies .
Good looking , great job …
Noah had all the credentials for a killer eHarmony profile . "
Noah 's love interest is described as " hot , but it was an aloof and effortless hotness that almost double - dared you to bring it up " .
Some people see Beck 's entry into the literary world as worrying .
There is a long tradition of stirring political debate via fiction that ranges from literary greats like George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty - Four and Animal Farm to underground tracts like the racist Turner Diaries , which described a race war in America and inspired the Oklahoma bomber Timothy McVeigh .
The Overton Window is playing directly to conservative fears of big government and the loss of US power and the nation 's way of life .
" This whole nuttiness that the government is this big , bad thing that is against the people is becoming more common .
This book feeds that paranoia , " said Professor Jim Corcoran , an expert on far - right groups in America at Simmons College , Boston .
The title of the book itself refers to a concept in political science that seems to have resonated with Beck .
It was developed by Joseph Overton and describes a " window " of what ideas are deemed acceptable in any given society .
By introducing other fringe ideas this " window " can be moved to the left or the right and once unacceptable concepts can become part of the mainstream .
Beck is already a huge influence on book sales .
The " Beck bump " catapulted A Patriot 's History of the United States into the number one spots on Amazon and the website of bookseller Barnes and Noble .
He recently did the same for The Road to Serfdom , a book written in 1944 that most Americans had never heard of .
Even books he dislikes get a huge sales boost .
He recently mentioned an " evil " leftwing anarchist book called The Coming Insurrection .
It promptly rocketed into the bestseller lists .
The Overton Window will undoubtedly follow it there .
Esta política de privacidad establece la forma en que se van a gestionar los datos personales en esta web .
Es imprescindible que todo usuario lea y acepte lo estipulado antes de seguir navegando .
Para Line Herbs S.L. es muy importante mantener una relación transparente con nuestros usuarios y clientes , por eso queremos que conozcas que tus datos son muy importantes para nosotros y el trato que tenemos con ellos .
En esta declaración de privacidad explicamos qué datos personales recopilamos de nuestros usuarios y cómo los utilizamos .
Somos conscientes de la importancia de tu información y por ello te animamos a leer y analizar detenidamente estos términos antes de facilitarnos tus datos personales en nuestra tienda .
Nuestra web presenta contenido para público mayor de 18 años , en el caso que seas menor de 18 años quedará totalmente prohibido el uso y navegación por nuestra web .
En esta web se respetan y cuidan los datos personales de los usuarios .
Como usuario debes saber que tus derechos están garantizados .
Nos hemos esforzado en crear un espacio seguro y confiable y por eso queremos compartir nuestros principios respecto a tu privacidad :
• Nunca solicitamos información personal a menos que realmente sea necesaria para prestarte los servicios y brindarte la información que requieras .
• Nunca compartimos información personal de nuestros usuarios con nadie , excepto para cumplir con la ley o en caso de que contemos con tu autorización expresa .
• Nunca utilizaremos tus datos personales con una finalidad diferente a la expresada en esta política de privacidad .
Es preciso advertir que esta Política de Privacidad podría variar en función de exigencias legislativas o de autorregulación , por lo que se aconseja a los usuarios que la visiten periódicamente .
Será aplicable en caso de que los usuarios decidan rellenar algún formulario de cualquiera de sus formularios de contacto donde se recaben datos de carácter personal .
Line herbs ha adecuado esta web naturline .com a las exigencias de la Ley Orgánica 15/1999 , de 13 de diciembre , de Protección de Datos de Carácter Personal ( LOPD ) , y al Real Decreto 1720 / 2007 , de 21 de diciembre , conocido como el Reglamento de desarrollo de la LOPD .
Cumple también con el Reglamento ( UE ) 2016/679 del Parlamento Europeo y del Consejo de 27 de abril de 2016 relativo a la protección de las personas físicas ( RGPD ) , así como con la Ley 34/2002 , de 11 de julio , de Servicios de la Sociedad de la Información y Comercio Electrónico ( LSSICE o LSSI ) .
Responsable del tratamiento de tus datos personales .
• Identidad del Responsable : Line Herbs , SL
• Nombre comercial : naturline.com
• NIF / CIF : B66503442
• Dirección : Calvario Nº13
Pozuelo de Alarcon
28223 Madrid
• Contacto sección contacto
• Actividad : Comercio electrónico
That right there friends , is a real life Google employee and his trusty camera capturing the internals of a fine New York City bodega .
It 's all part of a pilot launched back in April to photograph the insides of businesses for Google Places .
The idea here is that by seeing the actual facilities , merchandise , layout , and decor Google can help consumers make a better decision about which businesses might best suit their particular needs .
First our WiFi data and now the fetid bowels of our snack shops ... oh Google , is there no data left that 's sacred ?
BP : its 10 biggest shareholders
BP 's shares have fallen by almost a third since its well in the Gulf of Mexico erupted in April .
Here 's a list of BP 's 10 biggest shareholders , according to data from Bloomberg .
This is the MotoCzysz E1 PC .
It is electric .
It is almost certainly the most advanced motorcycle on the planet .
And it is the future .
We told you moto - genius Michael Czysz – pronounced sizz – was building another contender for the TT Zero electric motorcycle race on the Isle of Man .
But we caught up with him early in the build and he was n't providing details or pics .
Now that the bike 's hit the track , Wes Siler of Hell For Leather has all the details on the MotoCzysz E1 PC in a piece posted over at Popular Science .
This bike is bad - ass , no two ways about it .
It has a custom - built 12.5 - kilowatt - hour lithium polymer battery that can be swapped in seconds .
The custom - built , oil - cooled motor generates 100 horsepower ( continuous ) and 250 pound - feet of torque .
It all hangs from a custom frame .
Of course , it 's got the usual top - shelf hardware .
Ohlins .
Brembo .
You know the drill .
Czyzs and his crew in Portland , Oregon , were literally buttoning the bike up before the first practice session on the Isle of Man , having just gotten the body panels through customs .
No one had tested the bike before , but rider Mark Miller smoked the field during practice , finishing more than three minutes ahead of the competition .
The bike hit a top speed of 140 mph and lapped the 37.7 - mile course at an average speed of 94.66 mph .
For all the high - tech componentry , the E1 PC is designed first and foremost as a motorcycle , so it 's meant to be hammered .
Many bikes racing in the TTXGP series suffer ground - clearance issues when leaning into a turn , but the E1 PC has no such trouble .
Siler says riders accustomed to a conventional sportbike will feel right at home on the E1PC .
Take a close look at the pics .
You 're looking at the future of motorcycling .
* Photos : Amadeus Photography .
More after the jump and * over at PopSci .
Small Is Innovative
This post by Patri Friedman is part of Secession Week 2010 : The Size of Nations .
In my post yesterday comparing the early American state to a startup , I talked about how some of the benefit of a new country with a new political system is to serve as a test of that system .
Continuing with the government as a business metaphor will help us to understand why we get so little innovation today .
While the largest R&D budgets are of course in large firms , such as pharmaceutical companies and tech giants like Apple , those firms tend to introduce incremental innovations , rather than truly disruptive technologies .
Apple ’s iPod , iPhone , and iPad have been wildly popular – but they were preceded by portable MP3 players , smartphones , and tablet devices made by smaller companies .
Nor is this surprising .
The larger a firm , the greater the bureaucracy and the more conservative it tends to be .
A large firm wants to protect its market position , and with large pre-existing revenues , its employees are naturally more motivated to compete for access to those existing revenues , rather than creating new ones .
There is more rent - seeking and less creation .
One of the many reasons for this is that in a large firm , it is harder to identify who has created the value , thus the rewards of success are spread throughout the company , thus value creation is more of a public good problem and individual innovators are not incented .
It ’s a simple pattern , and it ’s why people work longer hours at startups , and why companies that massively scale have trouble holding onto their entrepreneurs .
I was at Google from 2004 to 2008 , a period during which it grew about 6 - fold .
While Google had many programs designed to appeal to the more entrepreneurial , startup - ey “ old - timers ” , and did its best to create an environment which would be as attractive as possible , there was a steady stream of people who left the company .
And not just to retire – many are now involved in smaller companies .
In the history of the world , radical innovations have almost always come from small groups starting with small experiments .
The smaller the experiment , the more things you can try , and thus the better you can explore the space of possibilities .
Furthermore , small groups tend to be beholden to few interests , and so they can explore disruptive possibilities which a large group would be averse to , for fear of offending one of their stakeholders .
Which brings us to the world of government .
There are many reasons why governments are n’t very innovative , but one of them is surely its large size .
There are only two countries smaller than 1,000 people , and 7 smaller than 10,000 people .
While startup countries will likely be larger than startup tech companies – after all , the business of government is about interactions between individuals – I believe that a new country of hundreds or thousands of people could try a far more innovative political system than one could ever convince a country of millions or tens of millions to try .
Just like any other startup , these startup countries will rarely stay their starting size – they ’ll either grow by attracting customers , or go bust , freeing up resources for new experiments .
But small is the best way to start any experiment .
The core of the star cluster in NGC 3603 is shown in great detail in an image from the Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 ( WFPC2 ) camera on the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope .
The image is a colour composite of observations in the WFPC2 filters F555W ( blue ) , F675W ( green ) and F814W ( red ) .
This view shows the second of two images taken ten years apart that were used to detect the motions of individual stars within the cluster for the first time .
The field of view is about 20 arcseconds across .
Credit : NASA , ESA
( PhysOrg.com ) --
With a mass of more than 10 000 suns packed into a volume with a diameter of a mere three light - years , the massive young star cluster in the nebula NGC 3603 is one of the most compact stellar clusters in the Milky Way and an ideal place to test theories for their formation .
The massive compact star cluster in NGC 3603 is shown in images taken ten years apart .
The image is a colour composite of observations in the WFPC2 filters F547M ( 1997 ) respectively F555W ( 2007 ) ( blue ) , F675W ( green ) and F814W ( red ) .
The field of view is about 35 arcseconds across .
The boxes show a zoomed view of three foreground stars with a particularly high apparent speed relative to the cluster members .
More fast - moving stars can be spotted by closer examination of the two pictures .
Credit : NASA , ESA
A team of astronomers from the Max - Planck Institute for Astronomy in Heidelberg and the University of Cologne led by Wolfgang Brandner ( MPIA ) wanted to track the movement of the cluster 's many stars .
Such a study could reveal whether the stars were in the process of drifting apart , or about to settle down .
The cluster , formally known as the NGC 3603 Young Cluster , is about 20 000 light - years from the Sun which makes these measurements extraordinarily difficult .
It is necessary to compare images that were made years or even decades apart .
The telescope and camera used must give very sharp images and be extremely stable over long periods .
Brandner and his colleagues realised that the Hubble Space Telescope was the best for the job .
They found good data in the archives for the NGC 3603 cluster from a July 1997 observing run with the Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 ( WFPC2 ) , and then made their own follow - up observations in September 2007 , using the same camera and the same set of filters as in the original observations .
It then took the team two years of very careful analysis to extract reliable estimates for the motions of stars in the images .
Boyke Rochau ( MPIA ) , the paper 's lead author , who performed this analysis as part of his PhD work , explains : " Our measurements have a precision of 27 millionths of an arcsecond per year .
This tiny angle corresponds to the apparent thickness of a human hair seen from a distance of 800 km . "
In this laborious way , they were able to measure the precise speeds of more than 800 stars .
About 50 were identified as foreground stars that are unrelated to the cluster , but more than 700 cluster stars of different masses and surface temperatures remained .
The results for the motion of these cluster stars were surprising : this very massive star cluster has not yet settled down .
Instead , the stars ' velocities were independent of their mass and thus still reflect conditions from the time the cluster was formed , approximately one million years ago .
Stars are born when a gigantic cloud of gas and dust collapses .
In cases such as the star forming region NGC 3603 , where the cloud is unusually massive and compact , the process is particularly quick and intense .
Most of the cloud 's matter ends up concentrated inside hot young stars and the cluster keeps much of its initial gravitational attraction .
In the long term such massive compact star clusters may lead to the development of the huge balls of stars known as globular clusters , whose tightly packed stars remain held together by gravity for billions of years .
Wolfgang Brandner adds : " This is the first time we have been able to measure precise stellar motions in such a compact young star cluster . "
Team member Andrea Stolte from the University of Cologne adds : " This is key information for astronomers trying to understand how such clusters are formed , and how they evolve . "
The world is a scary place !
On Monday alone we had a giant sinkhole , an international incident , marauding bees and a mosquito plague .
So why not take a couple minutes and watch an otter pup learning how to swim ?
Via The Daily Otter , this is what you should turn on when it all seems a little bit too scary .
Who needs drugs when you have baby otters ?
[ Columbus Zoo ]
I believe that everybody already understands the importance of social media , and incorporating it into a web design .
To get the attention of your viewers to your social media links you need to use both strategy and good taste .
To design a good call - to - action social media icon / link you need to think about its positioning , its color , approach , style , size , everything .
You also need to keep in mind that you want to get the attention of your viewers to the social side of your website without distracting from what ’s important , such as the content .
In my opinion , a good social media link is one that you have no trouble to finding and when you find it , you like what you see .
To give you some ideas of how you might integrate social media links in your next project , I ’ve put together a collection of 55 Examples of Well Integrated Social Media Icons in Web Design .
There should be plenty here to inspire you .
Sources :
I may be a bit naive , but when I was taught in school about war I was told the idea was to be the crap out of the other guy , not redecorate .
Of course in all fairness , we probably should considering we bombed the crap out of them and destroyed important infrastructure all based on a poor assumption .
Well I guess if there was a bright side to look at it , they are getting spiffy new work horse trucks .
I guess that makes us the Oprah of Military Operations .
A century ago , Diesel Power and Hemp Products
could have combined to side - track ( eliminate ? )
our dependencies on Oil and Forestry …
… Things could still come full circle !
CLICK HERE
to learn how Diesel can clean up it ’s act ,
and kick the big-oil habit !
In 1893 , German inventor Rudolf Diesel published a paper entitled “ The Theory and Construction of a Rational Heat Engine ” which described a motor in which air is compressed by a piston to a very high pressure , causing a temperature spike where injected fuel is auto - ignited and efficiently burned in the expanding compression during the down - stroke .
This basic concept results in a simple , safe , cool , highly efficient engine that could run on locally produced vegetable oils – and therefore level the playing field for those who otherwise could n’t compete with the large steam - powered Industries and Shippers of the day .
Unfortunately , in the early 20th century big - banks and financiers were already exerting their powerful will , in support of their oil and forestry interests , and thus assuring the dominance of emerging petro-chemical industries .
So instead of seeing how Diesel ’s vision would have played out , we ’ve had to wait until the combined and destructive effects of a Financial , Energy , and Environmental crisis , here the 21st century , could obviate the ideals and benefits that Rudolf Diesel had envisioned for Society , well over a century ago ; when he built his first engines to be run on the same types of bio-fuels that we now have available today , and which could have cut coal and oil out of the picture from the very start .
At the time , Diesel thought that the United States was the greatest potential market for his engine .
The first diesel built in the United States was made in 1898 by Busch - Zulzer Brothers Diesel Engine Co .
The president of that company was Adolphus Busch , of Budweiser brewing fame , who had purchased North American manufacturing rights for diesel power .
The beer giant was a clear believer in not only diesel power ’s manufacturing potential , but also as a source of power for pipelines , electric and water plants , automobiles and trucks , and marine craft , mining , factories , and even trans - oceanic shipping …
As we ’ve all seen , Diesel ’s design was indeed destined to be the prime source of power for all of these objectives …
Only it was petroleum - based diesel fuel that beat out the other Renewables to dominate the market .
DuPont , Mellon , and Hearst : Counter - Revolutionary Forces
Diesel fully expected that his engines would be fueled by vegetable oils ( including hemp ) and seed oils .
At the 1900 World ’s Fair in Paris , Diesel ran his engines on peanut oil , and was openly evangelizing the virtues of locally grown fuel , and small - scale , independent industrial power .
Meanwhile in the USA , where Hemp had already been an industrial mainstay for decades , the cost - prohibitive and labor intensive challenges of separating fiber from pulp had FINALLY been solved by George Schlichten who had invented a ‘ hemp decorticating ’ machine that was poised to revolutionize several large - scale industries , including paper making .
Henry Ford ’s Hemp Farms
Since hemp was well known as the strongest of natural fibers , Henry Ford ( who grew large hemp crops on his own estates ) had also demonstrated not only that strong , bio - degradable auto body panels could be made from its plasticized fibers and resins , but that the cars themselves could also be fueled by hemp ’s fermented by - products ( The original Model - T was fueled with Ethanol ) , or even directly fueled by domestically grown and pressed hemp oil using Diesel ’s technology .
Unfortunately , despite these enormous breakthroughs , and Ford ’s industrial backing , evidence suggests a special - interest group that included the DuPont petrochemical company , Secretary of the Treasury Andrew Mellon ( Dupont ’s major financial backer ) , and the newspaper man William Randolph Hearst mounted a yellow journalism campaign against hemp .
Hearst deliberately confused psychoactive marijuana with industrial hemp , one of humankind ’s oldest and most useful resources .
DuPont and Hearst were heavily invested in timber and petroleum resources , and saw hemp as a threat to their empires .
Petroleum ’s Polluting Politics
Petroleum companies also knew that their petroleum emitted noxious , toxic byproducts when burned in an automobile engine .
Pollution was important to Diesel as well , and he saw his engine as a solution to the inefficient , highly polluting engines of his time .
Thus the cleaner , more efficient hemp powered diesel engine would have been a serious combined threat to to oil , coal , timber , and their banking magnates , on a number of industrial , technological , and environmental levels …
Not to even mention the disruptive Social effects of locally produced and renewable energy sources !
In 1937 DuPont , Mellen and Hearst were able to push a “ marijuana ” prohibition bill through Congress in less than three months , which destroyed the domestic hemp industry , and held back the adoption of bio - fueled diesel engines …
Until now !
Today we can once again consider the immense industrial and social value that Rudolf Diesel envisioned , while also exploring how modern materials and methods are continuing to improve upon Diesel ’s original concept , to provide the a new generation of ultra-clean bio-fueled power for Industry and Transportation .
Although interest in industrial hemp was revived as an alternative during the War Years , and subsequently abandoned again … Could these two suppressed ideas finally combine today to become the powerhouse of energy , construction materials , and clean renewable power that was first feared by the Oil and Forestry giants of the early Century ?
CLICK HERE to see how modern Diesel offers the cleanest , most efficient internal combustion engines ever built !
Learn more about Rudolf Diesel , his Social Theories , and the corrupting power of Big Oil and Banks .
Pop open a new window on Diesel ’s life by
CLICKING HERE .
SOURCES :
http://www.hempnowbook.com/the-machine-they-didnt-want-to-be-invented.html
http://www.innvista.com/health/foods/hemp/schlich.htm
But it remains to be seen whether the move will significantly rebalance the global trade picture .
The People ’s Bank of China was cautious in its statement about how far its currency , the renminbi , might fluctuate , warning explicitly that “ the basis for large - scale appreciation of the RMB exchange rate does not exist . ”
Chinese officials said the renminbi would move in relation to an unspecified basket of currencies , not just the dollar .
Experts said that depending on how the system was designed , China could avoid rapid fluctuations .
Mr. Geithner alluded to this in a statement , saying , “ This is an important step , but the test will be how far and how fast they let the currency appreciate . ”
The first sign of how much currency appreciation will be tolerated is likely to come Monday morning , when the Chinese government will set the initial trading band for the value of the renminbi in Shanghai trading .
China has kept its currency value low since mid-2008 by pegging it to that of the dollar and not letting it fluctuate .
Any trend in the renminbi’s value would have been higher without the peg , making China ’s goods more expensive to foreign consumers and possibly slowing the country ’s export - based economy .
In its statement Saturday , the central bank said that the Chinese economy was strengthening after the crisis and that it was “ desirable to proceed further with reform ” of the currency .
Tellingly , the announcement was made almost simultaneously in Chinese and in English , a rare occurrence , and Chinese officials advised foreign governments beforehand that they were about to take a new stance on currency policy , according to an American official .
First came the break - in at the combination electronics repair shop and real estate agency .
Then came the burglar bars on the store ’s plate - glass window .
But Jimmy Mozaffar , owner of Data Days , sounds less angry with the criminals than he does with the crime - stoppers here in hard - knock Vallejo , the largest city in California history to file for bankruptcy .
The thieves made off with laptops , but it was the pared - down Police Department — which has lost a third of its officers — that stole Mozaffar ’s peace of mind .
When Mozaffar called the department to report the burglary last fall , a recording directed him to a website .
“ Nobody came out , ” he said .
“ They said they ’d deal with it . ”
Since filing for Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection two years ago , this scrappy Bay Area bedroom community has come to symbolize the fiscal troubles — now faced by many cities — that helped push it to the brink : unrestrained spending , out - of - control pension costs and a burst housing bubble .
“ I do n’t think other cities look at us with a jaundiced eye because we ’ve filed bankruptcy , ” said Mayor Osby Davis .
“ Other cities … look at us and say , ‘ Wow , we ’re a step away from where you are .
We just want to know , how are you getting through this ? ’ ”
The answer , so far , is not so well , although “ the hardships visited on Vallejo residents are not because of the bankruptcy , ” said Marc Levinson , the city ’s lead bankruptcy attorney .
“ The bankruptcy is an attempt to fix it , ” he continued .
“ If it had n’t been for the bankruptcy , the problem would have been worse .
The city could not pay its bills . ”
Evidence of municipal misery is widespread .
Foreclosed homes are sold in front of the Civic Center so often that City Hall is plastered with signs warning auctioneers not to conduct business at the lobby information desk or the monument to fallen firefighters and police officers .
Sixty percent of all borrowers in the Vallejo area owed more on their mortgages than their homes were worth in the first quarter of 2010 , according to CoreLogic , compared with 24 % of borrowers nationwide and 34 % in California .
Property and sales tax revenue are expected to drop 18 % and 10 % , respectively , in the current fiscal year .
The city ’s general fund has plummeted 20 % in the last two years .
Trees go untrimmed , potholes unfilled .
The economic development staff has been slashed to one .
Even Wal - Mart has decamped from this city of 121,000 .
Vallejo has stopped funding senior centers and libraries .
“ The unofficial civic motto used to be , ‘ Vallejo , come for the crack , stay for the hookers , ’ ” joked writer David Corbett , who moved here in 1994 and sets some of his gritty novels in a real or imagined Vallejo .
“ Since bankruptcy , it ’s been changed to , ‘ Vallejo , where your hope comes to die . ’ ”
Municipal bankruptcies are rare and drastic measures .
California ’s largest and best - known was the 1994 Orange County filing , which was spurred by losses in the investment market .
Desert Hot Springs also declared bankruptcy in December 2001 after an adverse court judgment .
In the current economic climate , however , talk of bankruptcy has become more commonplace .
Former Mayor Richard Riordan recently co-wrote an opinion piece about Los Angeles for the Wall Street Journal predicting that “ Between now and 2014 the city will likely declare bankruptcy . ”
Miguel A. Santana , the city administrative officer , rejected Riordan ’s contention , telling the City Council that deep spending cuts have put the city “ on our way to financial stability . ”
Nearly 20 years ago , the Vallejo City Council appointed a citizens committee to review the municipal finances , which were tottering even then .
J.D. Miller , a certified public accountant who served on the committee , remembers standing in front of a whiteboard on which he had drawn a simple graph .
A steeply climbing line showed expenses — entirely labor costs .
A flatter one showed revenue .
The two were set to intersect in 1994 .
“ The contracts they had with all of their employee groups in 1993 were unsustainable .
That ’s why the two lines collided , ” Miller said , adding that the City Council “ continued to give raises and benefits . ”
Although the council did begin cutting costs , Vallejo ran through its reserves and sought bankruptcy protection in May 2008 .
Three of its four unions objected to the filing , but a federal judge ruled that the city was insolvent and eligible for bankruptcy .
Vallejo officials have reached new contracts with all but the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 2376 , which represents about 240 city employees .
Arbitration with the IBEW began this month .
Salary increases were eliminated for firefighters and management workers .
The city had not paid police officers past salary increases ; the union agreed not to demand repayment .
Vallejo imposed lower interest payments to bondholders and missed three interest payments entirely .
The city has not altered worker pensions , Levinson said , wanting to avoid a costly legal battle , among other reasons .
The city hopes to emerge from bankruptcy by the end of the year , he said .
Nowhere are Vallejo ’s troubles as apparent as in public safety .
Since the filing , the city has closed two fire stations and may shutter a third .
In the last several years , police ranks have dropped to about 100 from 155 , as officers took jobs elsewhere and were not replaced .
Only two have been laid off .
But the renegotiated police contract calls for a 7 % raise starting July 1 , a pay increase that the city says it cannot afford .
If that raise goes through , as many as 15 to 20 more officers may be let go .
Police officers no longer patrol the schools , and the department has ended its community policing program .
The detective ranks have been cut in half .
Vallejo used to have five police dogs ; now there are two .
“ If there ’s an emergency , officers will break from what they were doing and respond to that situation immediately , ” said Lt. Abel Tenorio , a department spokesman .
“ But we have had occasions where several emergencies have occurred at the same time . ”
That ’s when the city has had to call for help from the Solano County Sheriff ’s Department and other nearby police agencies .
In February , Vallejo was hit with a weeklong crime wave that — fairly or not — focused attention on the city ’s financial troubles .
On Feb . 1 , Harold Cabral , a 47 - year - old city backhoe operator , was beaten by a crowd of more than 40 people .
He suffered a fractured skull , jaw and collarbone and broken teeth .
Two days later , Amarjit Kaur , a 39 - year - old widow , was shot in the chest and seriously wounded during an attempted robbery of her ice cream truck .
Det. Mat Mustard , president of the Vallejo Police Officers Assn. , said there was “ absolutely ” a cause - and - effect relationship between the drop in officers and the spike in crime .
“ There is one reason government was established : to provide public safety to its citizens , ” Mustard said .
“ The city of Vallejo is failing at that . ”
Critics blast the police union for capitalizing on tragedy to further its political ends and note that suspects were arrested within days of the attacks on Kaur and Cabral .
“ Do we want more police officers on the street ?
Of course we do , ” said Councilwoman Marti Brown .
“ But it ’s unfair to say those crimes would n’t have happened if we had 150 police officers instead of 102 . ”
The father of a suspect in the Cabral beating was slain a week later in what police say was an unrelated crime .
Eric Safire , the attorney for the 17 - year - old suspect , said that because of the bankruptcy , “ defending the case has been an absolute nightmare .
The Police Department is frequently closed during the week .
I ca n’t make an appointment to view the evidence , because no one answers the phone . ”
maria.laganga@latimes.com
Launching the plan in January , President Obama said : " I 'd suggest you might want to consider simply meeting your responsibilities and I 'd urge you to cover the costs of the rescue not by sticking it to your shareholders or your customers or fellow citizens with the bill , but by rolling back bonuses for top earners and executives . "
Recently we got some news about the AMD " open core " case in different forums .
For the enthusiasts , from the Athlon X2 710 , X2 250 , then X2 550 , most of them are the 2 cores CPU , but now we got support by motherboard manufacturers , you can " adjust " ( crack ? ! ) the CPU to the 3 cores , even 4 cores one , not only the better benchmark score , but also the CPU codename changed to a new one , so you can see lots of message like " Can you make the CPU 4 cores ? " or " what kinds of the motherboard can make the cores opened " .
Although the AMD do not admit the case officially , but today we will show you the steps to open the " forbidden cores " !!
Let follow the steps now with the ASUS M4A785D - M PRO and our fair ladyWe also got the ATI HD5870 for the assembly .
ASUS M4A785D -M PRO close look .
MUST : the BIOS tuned by ASUS .
Also the A - DATA Overclock memory kit .
Those are the parts we got today ... Make your tool handy Be careful on CPU setup .
Put the CPU on the socket .
Now we have to put on the heatsink .
Make sure everything goes fine .
Do n't forget the Fan header ... Install the memory modules
Put it slowly ... Now you got 4GB memories with your system now !!
Very cute case ... of course it suits our fair lady todayAnother shot with charming smile ) ) )
Now we can start the assembly procedures .
First : the optical device ... then the HDD parts .
Put the M4A785D - M PRO into the case .
Power supply , do n't forget to put it in .* This time we use Commander 650W ，this power supply is also from In - WinConnect all the cable with Q - Connector .
Now is the VGA card ... you have to buy a good case for enough space .
Do n't forget the main ATX - Power .
Connect all the power cable now .
Remember to adjust the cable near the CPU , sometimes the CPU cable may jam the fan .
Close the case nowIt 's time for the LCD , keyboard and mouse .
connect all the cables with LCD .
then the keyboard and mouse ... Now we will show you how to open " Cores " on AMD platform .
Install the OS first , we use the windows XP for sure .update the latest BIOS to make sure you got lastest functions .
Now is the key point : find CPU options in BIOS .
Check the " Advanced Clock Callbration " .
Make the " Unleashing Mode " to " Enable " Save and reboot nowSuccess !!AMD Phenom X2 550 now become the 4 cores Phenom II X4 B50 ... Now you know how to make the 2 cores CPU to the 4 cores .
For normal use , actually you can choose to open the cores or not , it will not affect the performance for most of the case .
But if you choose the right motherboard , maybe you can got more power for you computer ... so ... what 's your decision ?
Now we also have some pics of our fair lady for you guys , have a look ) )
This Wednesday night in Las Vegas , Martin Brodeur will sit in the crowd at the NHL Awards , awaiting the decision as to whether or not he ’ll win his fifth Vezina trophy .
I hope he ’ll be working on his acceptance speech , because I believe Brodeur is the most deserving candidate for this year ’s Vezina trophy .
The other two candidates , Ilya Bryzgalov ( Phoenix Coyotes ) and Ryan Miller ( Buffalo Sabres ) are both deserving candidates .
Bryzagalov helped to turn around the Coyotes this season , posting career highs in every major statistical category .
He shattered the franchise record for goalie wins , and his eight shutouts ranked second in the league .
Miller was even better , helping lead Buffalo to their second division title in four years .
The silver medalist won 41 games this season and collected a career - high five shutouts .
No one will forget his play with Team USA , but that should n’t factor into the decision .
While both Miller and Bryzgalov deserve praise , none of them should walk away with the Vezina .
Brodeur ’s play this season makes him the most deserving candidate for that honor .
Marty led all NHL goalies in games played ( 77 ) , victories ( 45 ) and shutouts ( 9 ) .
He backstopped the Devils to another Jennings Trophy , the fifth of his career .
Brodeur continued to destroy the record books , surpassing Terry Sawchuk for most career shutouts and topping Patrik Roy ’s record for career games by a goaltender .
He tied Roy for the record with his 13th 30 - win season , and Brodeur completed his eighth season of 40 wins .
All of these numbers are impressive .
But what ’s more impressive is Brodeur ’s advanced plus / minus rating .
With his team on the penalty kill , Brodeur ’s on - ice plus / minus rating stood at 5.69 , ahead of both Bryzgalov ( 4.99 ) and Miller ( 3.79 ) .
At some of the most important times on the ice , with his team down a man , Brodeur stood taller than the other two candidates .
In other categories , Brodeur similarly matched to both Bryzgalov and Miller , usually finishing second in the group .
But the most amazing thing about Brodeur ?
The fact that , as a 38 - year - old goalie , he ’s playing some of the best hockey in his career .
He continues to look sharp , and I ’d reason that Brodeur may have only lost a quarter of his step during his career .
He continually makes spectacular plays , even with his increase in age .
Brodeur has seen players like Scott Stevens , Scott Niedermayer and Brian Rafalski leave , yet he ’s produced spectacular statistics time and time again .
This season , Brodeur returned to the elite goaltending level we ’re all used to seeing .
His play was stellar , and the goalie deserves to be rewarded with his fifth Vezina trophy .
Bryzgalov and Miller played well this season , but I believe Brodeur outplayed them and deserves honors as the top goalie .
The following correction was printed in the Observer 's For the record column , Sunday 9 May 2010
The founder of the controversial US private security firm Blackwater , which funds a US Christian group called the Alliance Defence Fund , is Erik Prince , not Erik Prinze .
Gordon Brown may be a son of the manse , but , when it comes to evangelical Christianity , David Cameron 's Conservatives have been busily amassing powerful , wealthy and influential supporters .
An analysis of the Tories ' accounts reveals that a string of powerful Christian businessmen are helping bankroll the party , with many making significant donations in the days after the election campaign started .
Former investment banker Ken Costa , who gave £ 50,000 last month , is the chairman of Alpha International , an organisation that promotes the hugely popular Alpha course that has introduced millions of people to Christianity .
Michael Farmer , who founded a metals brokerage , gave £ 250,000 last month and has donated similar sums several times in the past .
A self - made multi-millionaire , Farmer says he is happy to carry the " God squad " label .
In a recent interview , he explained that he was backing the Tories because Labour " has governed incredibly badly " .
" The tax and benefits structures put in place under Labour have not created a strong society ; they 've done the opposite , " he said .
" They 've just encouraged unhappy lives .
The core unit of society – husband , wife , parents , children – has been dismantled .
Labour 's idea of a family is three people who share a fridge . "
It is perhaps not surprising to learn that Farmer has also donated £ 2,000 to Philippa Stroud 's campaign to become Tory MP for Sutton & Cheam .
Like her political ally , Nadine Dorries , the Tory MP for Mid-Bedfordshire , Stroud is one of growing band of Tories happy to wear their faith on their sleeves .
She once explained that it was " massively important " for Christians to engage in politics because " we have a unique understanding of the value of human beings " .
As head of the influential Centre for Social Justice ( CSJ ) , a Christian - orientated thinktank set up by former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith , Stroud has had a profound effect on the party 's approach to social issues .
The CSJ claims to have been responsible for formulating some 70 Tory policies .
David Cameron 's controversial tax breaks for married couples owes much to its thinking .
The rise of the Christian Conservatives is viewed by some in the party with a mixture of suspicion and fear .
The Conservative Christian Fellowship , an increasingly powerful grass roots organisation set up by one - time Exeter University student Tim Montgomerie – who now runs the influential ConservativeHome website – counts no fewer than 37 prospective Tory candidates as members .
Its chairman is David Burrowes , the shadow justice minister who was at Exeter with Montgomerie .
The organisation claims it " faciliates meetings between the Christian community and the party on various policy areas such as education , international development , home affairs and community cohesion " .
It is unashamedly conservative on social issues , especially the importance of the family .
" If Christians want to support marriage , they can do so very practically in 2010 , by voting Conservative , " said Elizabeth Berridge , the CCF 's executive director .
Nor is it afraid to show its teeth .
Earlier this month , Philip Lardner , the Conservative candidate for North Ayrshire and Arran , was suspended after writing on his website that homosexuality was " not normal " .
Montgomerie was quick to respond , describing the suspension as " disproportionate " and saying Lardner 's views were shared " by many conservative Christians and people of other faiths "
Some have detected the influence of the Christian wing of the Tory party in recent announcements from Cameron .
Asked whether he would press for a reduction in the abortion limit , Cameron said there should be a review .
" I think that the way medical science and technology have developed in the past few decades does mean that an upper limit of 20 or 22 weeks would be sensible , " he told the Catholic Herald in an interview in which he also strongly endorsed faith schools .
Lowering the abortion limit is one of the key aims of Dorries who , as the New Statesman discovered , has received support and briefings from Christian Concern For Our Nation .
The little known but well organised group claims it " exists to serve the Church by providing information to enable Christians to stand up publicly against a tide of unchristian legal and political changes in the United Kingdom " .
Accounts reveal it received more than £ 265,000 in gifts and donations last year .
Its sister organisation , the Christian Legal Centre , backed the case of Gary McFarlane , the relationships counsellor , who was sacked by the Relate Relationship organisation after he refused to provide sexual counselling to homosexual couples because of his Christian beliefs , and of Nadia Eweida , the BA employee who was prevented from wearing a small cross on her necklace .
The CLC runs a number of initiatives with the Alliance Defence Fund , a hugely powerful US Christian group that sponsors many Republican politicians and holds a " Day of Truth " in US cities to show " that God created our sexuality to be expressed between a man and a woman married to one another . "
One of the ADF 's biggest donors is Erik Prinze , founder of the highly controversial US private security firm , Blackwater , now the subject of lawsuits over the actions of its employees in Iraq .
Earlier this year , CLC and ADF supporters met at Exeter College , Oxford , to discuss how British Christians could answer the " call of today 's worshipful warrior " .
It seems that for an increasing number , the answer is to be found in Westminster .
Lost is in reruns until tomorrow , which means I had an opportunity write a post of epic length about my latest sci-fi obsession .
This piece will cover seasons 1 - 4 and the first episode of season 5 of the 2005 Who series .
Unlike Fenzel ’s excellent
Who piece , which can be understood by the uninitiated , this piece is full of SPOILERS .
If you have n’t caught up on seasons 1 - 4 yet , best ye stay out .
Everyone else : enjoy .
Introduction .
Doctor
Who just started up again on BBC America * with a new season , a new show - runner , new cast , new TARDIS … a new everything .
My two word review of the season opener : “ Molto bene . ”
* PROTIP : Do n’t watch it on BBC America .
Of course , not everyone had the same positive reaction I did .
Some did n’t like the new Doctor ( incorrect ) , most hated the new theme song ( so did I ) , and others were concerned that the plot was a retread of “ Smith and Jones ” and “ The Girl in the Fireplace ” ( rightly so ) .
Mostly , there was a lot of conversation about Moffat ’s decision to make Amy , the Eleventh Doc ’s new Companion , a kissogram .
What ’s a kissogram ?
you ask .
Well :
Yes , the Doctor ’s new Companion , for all intents , is a stripper .
( Talk about sentences you never thought you would write ! )
Naturally , questions arose , the main one being , “ Is this sexist ? ”
Personally , I thought making Amy a kissogram was a pretty awesome choice that said more about her character and about her relationship to the Doctor than about the show ’s feelings about women in general .
Still , the question is a fair one .
It ’s like the old Zen koan , “ Is Showgirls sexist ? ”
On the one hand , you could read Showgirls as a criticism of the sex industry and how it destroys women .
On the other hand :
Anyway , according to some of the forums I read , not only was Amy ’s character sexist , but Steven Moffat was sexist , and the new Doctor Who in general was sexist , and I thought , “ Ooh , thems fightin ’ words ! ”
Ah , but fightin’ words that led to a great question :
In general , is the new Doctor Who bad for women ?
My answer : Possibly .
Part 1 : Doctor
Who : A wish - fulfillment fantasy for nerdy girls , or , In the World of Firefly , “ Companion ” Means Prostitute
Consider the following story .
Far away from here , but not too far , there ’s a fairly average girl living a fairly average life .
She ’s attractive enough , and she ’s no idiot , but , for all intents , our heroine is a normal person with a normal family , normal friends , and a normal life .
And she hates it .
Lucky for her , it ’s not going to last long .
Just then , who should arrive in her life but a supernatural mystery man who ushers her into a new , magical life she could not previously access .
Despite his attractive exterior , said mystery man is actually more than a hundred years old , and , for some unknown reason , he enjoys hanging out with this much younger woman and drawing her into potentially - fatal situations .
Our heroine loves it — loves him .
As their adventures continue , their relationship quickly evolves ( devolves ? ) into a deep intimacy ( disturbing co-dependence ? ) .
Even so , our mystery man and heroine do n’t actually have sex with each other .
Let ’s play a game .
Name the mystery man .
Name the heroine .
Okay : answer time !
Did you say the Ninth and Tenth Doctors ?
Did you say Rose Tyler ?
Yeah , those answers work , I guess .
But I was n’t thinking of them .
I was thinking of Edward Cullen .
I was thinking of Bella Swan .
I was describing Twilight , people .
FRIGGING TWILIGHT .
This worries me .
This worries me because most adults agree that Twilight fairly regressive when it comes to its views on gender and relationships .
Could it be that Doctor
Who is just as bad ?
Possibly .
Both Twilight and Who are stories of adolescent female wish fulfillment .
In male wish fulfillment fantasies , the reader gets to imagine himself leaving home and becoming part of a larger society or story : he becomes a leader of the rebellion , for example , or long - lost heir to the throne .
In the kind of female wish fulfillment fantasy represented by Twilight and Who , the reader / viewer gets to imagine herself leaving home not to join a larger society but to give up her responsibilities .
For once , she does n’t have to worry about her family obligations or her job or protecting her virginity .
She does n’t have to do much of anything , actually .
She just has to give herself over to the story and its hero and let them both take over .
[ Somewhat - related aside : Interestingly , in this fantasy world , sex between the two main characters does n’t actually occur — or , at least , not before marriage in the Twilight universe .
But that makes sense , does n’t it ?
This is an adolescent female fantasy .
This is the fantasy of a person who is both intrigued by and frightened of sexuality . ]
Like our pal Stokes , you can argue whether such female adolescent wish - fulfillment fantasies are good or bad for women , but I think we can all agree that the first season of Who fits snugly into this mold .
Rose ’s life is boring and full of responsibilities — to her crappy job , to her mother , to her boring boyfriend — until she gets swept off her feet and into a TARDIS .
I think we can also agree that in Doctor Who ’s season one and in Twilight , there are some strange , gendered power dynamics going on .
In Twilight , Edward gives orders ; Bella takes them .
In Who , the Doctor orders ; Rose cheerfully obeys .
Edward ( the Doctor ) fights ; Bella ( Rose ) either acts as a help - mate or waits to be saved .
Edward ( the Doctor ) controls the tenor and direction of his relationship with Bella ( Rose ) ; Bella ( Rose ) dotes .
The only major difference there is that Edward is a bit ( understatement ) more sexually intense than Eccleston ’s Doctor is .
When Edward controls his relationship with Bella , he makes it more obsessive — sneaking into your non-sexual girlfriend ’s bedroom and watching her sleep tends to do that .
The Doctor , of course , does exactly the opposite : keep Rose at arm ’s length .
But both guys decide when the relationship starts , when it will end , when sex will occur ( if ever ) … everything really .
These two relationships are clearly lopsided , and the power rests firmly in the hands of the men .
So , is the new Doctor Who sexist ?
Yep .
Looks like it .
Yes , it is .
Wait , is it ?
Well , possibly .
No .
No , absolutely not .
Never in a million years .
NO NO NO NO
No , I refuse to believe that Doctor Who is sexist .
I do n’t know about Twilight , but the new Who is far too clever for that .
No , for all their similarities , there is a difference between Twilight and Who : a major difference — a difference so enormous and so charged that it separates Twilight and Who into two universes that can never , ever touch .
ON PAGE TWO : My straw man meets its match .
Why BP 's handling of the spill has the entire oil industry panicked .
Early on Monday , BP ’s boyish CEO , Tony Hayward , sat in an open - collared white dress shirt and , rocking back and forth in a studio chair , submitted to a series of four network interviews about his company ’s catastrophic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The questions from NBC , CBS , ABC , and the BBC differed slightly , but to all the anchors , Hayward delivered a similar line : “ This is not our accident . ”
In other words , it 's not BP 's fault .
Only after making that point did the 52 - year - old Hayward proceed with a vow to clean up the mess and cover any damages .
Hayward is not known to be a gruff oilman .
Yet his slow and defensive public response to the April 20 rig explosion has dismayed many oil and p.r. industry veterans who say that BP lost control of public perceptions virtually from the outset .
Its first corporate statement after the explosion was a link to a press release from Transocean , the Swiss - based operator of the rig from which BP ’s Macondo well was being drilled .
And then , for almost two weeks , neither Hayward nor any other London - based executives got in front of the cameras on the scene to explain what they were doing and would do about the spill .
When Hayward finally did , the British oil executive seemed intent on conveying only one crucial point — that , unlike a string of accidents in BP - run operations going back five years , this one was not inflicted directly by his company ’s personnel .
He bristled at comparisons with a deadly 2005 explosion at a BP refinery in Texas City , Texas .
Yet , given the typically intense oversight exercised by Big Oil over important contractor - run projects such as Macondo , Hayward might as well have suggested that aliens seized control of the rig .
The overall impression was that of an out - of - control catastrophe in which the company 's CEO was attempting to fob off responsibility to a no - name contractor .
Now , the fallout from this clumsy response is making petroleum companies extremely nervous .
Executives , not just at BP , but throughout the oil industry , are concerned that the disaster will have the effect of restricting or closing off their continued ability to drill in the Gulf , one of the few remaining places on the planet where oil producers are permitted a relatively free hand .
That 's why Exxon , Shell , and Chevron , which all have significant operations in the Gulf , are pitching in technical assistance — because the blowback from this disaster might harm their interests as well .
" I ’m really worried .
I think this is Chernobyl " in terms of public opinion , says Merrie Spaeth , a Dallas - based corporate crisis consultant .
“ It plays to the , ‘ Do n’t drill , the sky is falling ’ crowd . "
Indeed , to understand the enormity of what 's at stake in the Gulf of Mexico , you have to recall the dramatic effect such disasters have historically had on American politics .
The most recent similar event was the 1989 grounding of the Exxon Valdez , a supertanker that spilled some eleven million gallons of oil into Prince William Sound , killed more than 100,000 seabirds and other animals , and dramatized the impact that a single accident can have on nature .
But , in terms of overall political impact , one must go back another two decades to a more direct comparison — the 1969 blowout of a Unocal well six miles off the coast of Santa Barbara , California , which spilled around three million gallons of oil into the Pacific Ocean and was instrumental in the birth of the full - throated environmental movement that we know today ..
Santa Barbara is why oil drilling in U.S. offshore waters is largely outlawed , and why President Barack Obama — even as he moved on March 31 to ease a moratorium on drilling off of America 's east coast and off - limits sections of the Gulf — did not dare touch laws governing California .
The Gulf spill is already overturning attitudes in Washington .
President Obama has frozen his plans to lift the drilling moratorium .
Few believe that he will return to the same formulation regardless of the environmental outcome : experts predict stiffened regulation of drilling , and companies may not be permitted to produce in a wider area at all .
But if the oil comes ashore and spills into the marshes of the Mississippi Delta , all drilling in the Gulf will be in jeopardy , not to mention other initiatives that affect the vital interests of energy companies .
COMPARED with other electric vehicles , the Tesla Roadster is what you might call a hot rod .
With an impressive range of 380 km ( 236 miles ) between charges , the two - seater sports car is capable of going from zero to 96 kph in just 3.9 seconds .
But as is so often the case , such performance comes at a cost .
For a vehicle that weighs around 1,200kg ( 2,645 pounds ) a whopping 450 kg of that is taken up by the car 's batteries .
Although new battery technologies are emerging , their weight and size is likely to remain a drag on the development of electric and hybrid cars , forcing manufacturers to come up with new and inventive ways to shed weight and free up space .
One solution which researchers are exploring is to build cars using a hybrid material : a carbon composite that is also capable of storing electrical energy .
That way , car designers could combine structural form with electrical function .
Carbon composites are extremely strong and light .
They are already used in products ranging from tennis racquets to aircraft wings .
Some supercars are built with the material , but it is generally too expensive for mass - produced vehicles .
With the additional ability to store energy , however , carbon composites could become a lot more attractive for the automotive industry , says Emile Greenhalgh of Imperial College , London , who is leading the research as part of a broader European Union project called STORAGE into incorporating different battery materials into the bodywork of a car .
The work 's academic and industrial partners include the British Ministry of Defence , which is interested in extending the range of robotic drones , and Volvo , a carmaker .
Like traditional composites , Dr Greenhalgh 's material consists of woven sheets of carbon fibres which are made rigid using a cured resin .
To enable this material to store electrical energy , two layers of woven fibres are made into a sandwich , separated by a thin layer of a glass - based insulating material .
The resin within the carbon layers is laced with lithium ions , so that each layer acts like an electrode , causing the positively charged lithium ions to collect in one layer when a voltage is applied , and a current to flow when the sandwich is placed in a circuit .
All this is encapsulated within further layers to ensure that it is electrically isolated .
Strictly speaking the composite behaves less like a battery than a capacitor , or rather a supercapacitor , says Dr Greenhalgh .
Batteries are good at storing large amounts of charge but slow at delivering it ; for capacitors the reverse is the case .
Supercapacitors have a big internal surface - area that allows a large amount of energy to be delivered rapidly
To get similar characteristics from composites , the carbon fibres are first chemically treated with an alkali which creates lots of tiny pits on their surface .
This massively increases their surface area and hence the charge they can hold , but without impairing their physical strength .
Another challenge lies in resolving the two conflicting requirements of the resin .
“ You want it very rigid and stiff , but from an electrical point of view you also want it to allow ions to flow , ” says Dr Greenhalgh .
With traditional resins you either get one or the other .
Dr Greenhalgh 's solution was to use a polymer gel - based resin that combines two networks of cross-linking structures , one that holds the material together and the other providing a conduit for charged particles .
The result is a material that has an energy density of about 0.005 watt - hours per kilogram .
Not much , admittedly , when compared with the 150 watt - hours per kilogram of a lithium - ion battery , like that found in many electric cars .
But increasing the operating voltage will boost the energy density of the composite significantly , says Dr Greenhalgh .
And by covering the fibres with carbon nanotubes , at least 20 watt - hours per kilogram is expected by the end of next year .
Using a single material for two functions has great potential for carmakers , says Per - Ivar Sellergren , a senior engineer at Volvo 's Material Laboratory in Gothenburg .
If the energy density of composites could be boosted close to that of existing lithium - ion batteries , then it would take only the roof , the bonnet and the boot lid to power an electric vehicle for 130 km , he says .
Multi-function composites could also reduce the amount of wiring in vehicles , says Dr Greenhalgh .
Moreover , compared with most rechargeable batteries , supercapacitors tend to have a longer working life .
In time that too would become a more obvious benefit .
Most drivers of electric cars have not had their vehicles long enough to have had to pay thousands of dollars to replace their worn - out battery packs .
The Eclipse project has announced the Helios release train , a major update of the open source Eclipse integrated development environment ( IDE ) and many of its key components .
Due to the modularity of the software and the diversity of its community , Eclipse is developed like a platform .
There are a multitude of independently - developed components that supply specific kinds of functionality .
The most widely - used components are collected into a set of standard Eclipse packages that are targeted towards specific kinds of development .
This is the seventh consecutive year that the Eclipse community has undertaken a coordinated release of the core components and packages .
The 2010 release , which is codenamed Helios , includes 39 individual projects and 12 separate packages .
The packages are available for download from the Eclipse Web site .
" Besides the feat of coordinating such a large development effort , Helios introduces important innovations in areas such as Git support , Linux development and JavaScript support , " said Eclipse Foundation executive director Mike Milinkovich in a statement .
" Congratulations to everyone for another great release . "
One of the most significant features introduced in this release is the new Eclipse Marketplace , which gives users a simple interface for finding new plugins and components .
It makes third - party plugins a lot more discoverable and simplifies the installation process .
To install PyDev , for example , I just had to type in a search query and hit the " install " button , whereas in the previous version I would have needed to copy and paste the PyDev package URL into the Eclipse update manager .
Another nice arrival in Helios is the new Linux IDE package for C and C++ development .
It includes tight integration with the autotools build system and support for popular Linux development utilities such as SystemTap and Valgrind .
Some interesting external components that were updated during this release cycle include a JavaScript debugging framework and an improved Git plugin that brings tightly - integrated distributed version control features to the IDE .
I tested the Helios Eclipse Java development package on my desktop computer , which is running Ubuntu 10.04 and has a six - core i7 980X .
The new version of Eclipse takes roughly five seconds to start up on this system and uses several hundred megabytes when idle .
Although the IDE 's impressive feature set continues to grow , it 's still very heavy on system resources .
The Eclipse Foundation has published a series of video demos that showcase the new features of Helios .
For additional information about the projects that participated in the release , you can view the Helios project list .
English is a wonderful language with some of the strangest pronunciation rules and words that come from many other languages .
This is a list of 20 weird English words .
1. Erinaceous
Like a hedgehog
2. Lamprophony
Loudness and clarity of voice
3. Depone
To testify under oath
Like to live in a world full of words ?
Buy a NEW World Map Removable Wall Sticker at Amazon.com !
4. Finnimbrun
A trinket or knick - knack
5. floccinaucinihilipilification
Estimation that something is valueless .
Proper pronunciation based on Latin roots : flock ?-nows ?-n?k?l?-p?l?-f?k-ation .
6. Inaniloquent
Pertaining to idle talk
7. Limerance
An attempt at a scientific study into the nature of romantic love .
8. Mesonoxian
Pertaining to midnight
9. Mungo
A dumpster diver – one who extracts valuable things from trash
10 . Nihilarian
A person who deals with things lacking importance ( pronounce the ‘ h ’ like a ‘ k ’ ) .
Get free shipping , thousands of movies , and millions of streaming songs with a FREE trial of Amazon Prime at Amazon.com !
11 . Nudiustertian
The day before yesterday
12 . Phenakism
Deception or trickery
13 . Pronk
A weak or foolish person
14 . Pulveratricious
Covered with dust
15 . Rastaquouere
A social climber
16 . Scopperloit
Rude or rough play
17 . Selcouth
Unfamiliar , rare , strange , marvelous , wonderful .
For example : The List Universe is such a selcouth website !
18 . Tyrotoxism
To be poisoned by cheese
19 . Widdiful
Someone who deserves to be hanged
20 . Zabernism
The abuse of military power or authority .
I wonder how long it will take for this one to show up in the comments .
What is America .
You had a flood of immigrants , millions of them , coming to this country .
What brought them here ?
It was the hope for a better life for them and their children .
And , in the main , they succeeded .
It is hard to find any century in history , in which so large a number of people experience so great an improvement in the conditions of their life , in the opportunities open to them , as in the period of the 19th and early 20th century .
You will find that hardly a soul who will say that it was a bad thing .
Almost everybody will say it was a good thing .
‘ But what about today ?
Do you think we should have free immigration ? ’
‘ Oh , no , ’ they ’ll say , ‘ We could n’t possibly have free immigration today .
Why , that would flood us with immigrants from India , and God knows where .
We ’d be driven down to a bare subsistence level . ’
What ’s the difference ?
How can people be so inconsistent ?
Why is it that free immigration was a good thing before 1914 and free immigration is a bad thing today ?
Well , there is a sense in which that answer is right .
There ’s a sense in which free immigration , in the same sense as we had it before 1914 is not possible today .
Why not ?
Because it is one thing to have free immigration to jobs .
It is another thing to have free immigration to welfare .
And you can not have both .
If you have a welfare state , if you have a state in which every resident is promises a certain minimal level of income , or a minimum level of subsistence , regardless of whether he works or not , produces it or not .
Then it really is an impossible thing .
If you have free immigration , in the way we had it before 1914 , everybody benefited .
The people who were here benefited .
The people who came benefited .
Because nobody would come unless he , or his family , thought he would do better here than he would elsewhere .
And , the new immigrants provided additional resources , provided additional possibilities for the people already here .
So everybody can mutually benefit .
But on the other hand , if you come under circumstances where each person is entitled to a pro-rata share of the pot , to take an extreme example , or even to a low level of the pie , than the effect of that situation is that free immigration , would mean a reduction of everybody to the same , uniform level .
Of course , I ’m exaggerating , it would n’t go quite that far , but it would go in that direction .
And it is that perception , that leads people to adopt what at first seems like inconsistent values .
Look , for example , at the obvious , immediate , practical example of illegal Mexican immigration .
Now , that Mexican immigration , over the border , is a good thing .
It ’s a good thing for the illegal immigrants .
It ’s a good thing for the United States .
It ’s a good thing for the citizens of the country .
But , it ’s only good so long as its illegal .
That ’s an interesting paradox to think about .
Make it legal and it ’s no good .
Why ?
Because as long as it ’s illegal the people who come in do not qualify for welfare , they do n’t qualify for social security , they do n’t qualify for the other myriad of benefits that we pour out from our left pocket to our right pocket .
So long as they do n’t qualify they migrate to jobs .
They take jobs that most residents of this country are unwilling to take .
They provide employers with the kind of workers that they can not get .
They ’re hard workers , they ’re good workers , and they are clearly better off .
Mary Ruwart destroyed Laissez Faire .
Editing Note : Since the piece was published Laissez Faire Books changed hands and we can not in good conscience endorse that business anymore .
For an explanation of why read this .
The people responsible for turning Laissez Faire over to bigots should be ashamed of themselves .
As a result we have instead pointed to a new source for libertarian books that is everything that LFB used to be , but is no longer .
There has been a lot of purposeful distortion , and some confusion , over what Milton Friedman said about immigration .
He is often quoted by the xenophobic activists as saying that you ca n’t have open immigration and a welfare state .
What they do n’t do is quote him in his entirety .
They always stop before he clarifies what he means and that is why I think they are dishonest .
I have heard Dr. Friedman on several occasions and I ’ve heard him address the immigration issue .
I clearly remembered his clarification during a speech I heard him give at Stanford University .
But , all I could do was broadly state his comments without giving a precise quote .
Now , thanks to the DVDs that Fr33 minds is offering , I have Friedman on video stating precisely what he believes about immigration .
And , instead of giving you half quotes , like the anti-immigration crowd does , I want to give you his precise words .
What follows are direct quotes from Friedman in his lecture , Friedman referred to the millions of immigrants and how most came “ with empty hands . ”
He noted that some immigrants in the audience were more recent and said : “ You are the modern wave that we ought to be welcoming as immigrants .
In the same tradition , as the tradition , which enabled the rest of us to get here . ” Friedman then goes on to discuss the institutions that are necessary to allow people to become prosperous before ultimately returning to immigration .
He mentions how regulations strangle the ability of people to do good things .
And he said he ’d like to take , as one example , the issue of free immigration .
“ I ’ve always been amused by a kind of a paradox .
Suppose you go around and ask people : ‘ The United States before 1914 , as you know , had completely free immigration .
Anybody could get in a boat and come to these shores and if landed at Ellis Island he was an immigrant .
Was that a good thing or a bad thing ? '” Up to this point it sounds as if the xenophobes are quoting Friedman accurately .
Of course they left out that bit at the beginning where Friedman said to the immigrants in the audience that they are a new wave of immigrants who “ we ought to be welcoming . ”
But Friedman is n’t finished with his comments .
And when I heard him at Stanford he said pretty much the same thing as he ’s saying here .
He clarifies himself in way that the xenophobes never quote !
Now Friedman goes even further with his clarification .
And pay special attention to what he says here .
There is no question that Milton Friedman said that in the welfare society “ illegal immigration ” is precisely the kind of the immigration that the country needs .
The xenophobes have turned his views inside - out .
They will pay lip - service to legal immigration and damn illegal immigration .
The fake libertarians , social conservatives , and racists try to make it sound as if Friedman was against illegal Mexican migrants .
In reality he said that such immigration is “ a good thing ” for everybody concerned .
And his reasoning is that this is the closest thing to pre-1914 immigration possible in today ’s welfare state .
Friedman says this is the paradox of government intervention that turns an illegal act into a beneficial one , while legal immigration is a potential problem .
Notice that the groups that quote Friedman never quote his saying that illegal Mexican immigration is good .
Friedman ’s position is exactly the one I remembered from his Stanford lecture and precisely the one I ’ve taken on this blog .
And I have long credited Friedman as the source of my view .
The opponents of immigration , who attempt to use Friedman to bolster their case , are dishonest in the way they do it .
They distort his view , and cherry - pick comments that sound good to their case , while ignoring the actual clarification of his views that Friedman makes a special effort to express .
In addition , they do n’t ever propose Friedman ’s solution .
They merely say that the only possible choice is to stop immigration to the United States .
There are three options that we can take which are consistent with Friedman ’s view , and the xenophobes reject all three of them .
First , we could abolish the welfare state entirely .
They assume this wo n’t happen anytime soon , so acknowledging this position is a safe one for the racist , since it is unlikely it will mean immigration by “ those people ” any time soon .
The second option is actually quite easy to implement .
That is to selectively abolish welfare benefits denying them to any immigrant .
This denial could be for their lifetime or require them to be gainfully employed for X number of years before they qualify .
This solution , which is feasible now , is not one suggested by the “ libertarian ” anti-immigrant crowd .
It is not suggested precisely because it is possible now , and might actually lead to immigration .
What these people oppose is not the welfare , as much as immigrants .
The third option is one that the xenophobes have actively campaigned against — and that is the illegal immigration of migrants across the Mexican border .
This is the one that Friedman specifically said was “ good ” for the country , the American people and the immigrants themselves .
Now you know what Milton Friedman actually said .
All quotes are verbatim transcripts from comments made by Milton Friedman in the 15 lecture series being sold by Fr33 minds
Labels : illegal immigration , Milton Friedman
PRINCETON , N.J. —
The run of the train known as the Princeton Dinky is both impressively long and unusually short .
For 145 years , this rail link in a college town has ferried students and commuters over the briefest of distances .
But Year 146 has not been kind to the nation ’s shortest regularly scheduled commuter route , which travels a four - minute , 2.7 - mile stretch of track between a small station at Princeton University and a larger one at Princeton Junction .
For one thing , New Jersey Transit , which operates the train , has raised Dinky fares and cut off - peak service , much as it has done with other trains and buses in these tight economic times .
It has also consulted with local and university officials on a proposal to pave over the Dinky ’s tracks and install a bus system that would extend through the whole town .
Such a system , supporters say , could reach more people , run more frequently than the Dinky and even ease a dispute that has long delayed the establishment of a university arts complex .
But if these are the Dinky ’s final days , one might not immediately sense it from riding the train .
On a recent weekday morning , most of the seats in the Dinky ’s one open car were filled with commuters sharing newspapers and conversation .
Robert Gibbs , 57 , walked down the aisle , taking tickets and chatting with riders .
( “ How ’re you doing ? ” “ All right , got breakfast . ”
“ Good , good . ” )
Mr. Gibbs first worked on the Dinky 25 years ago as a trainee conductor , with his most recent stint beginning two years back .
“ It ’s a seniority job , mostly , ” Mr. Gibbs said , his blue conductor ’s cap pulled snugly over his bald head .
He hopes to work on the Dinky until his retirement , in 2015 .
Sometimes we do n’t face that 800 - pound gorilla in the room because we do n’t notice him in the first place .
This is what researchers Christopher Chabris and Daniel Simons proved in an experiment done 10 years ago .
In a video two groups , one group with white tee shirts , the other black , move randomly in a room while passing a basketball .
The viewer ’s task is to count how many passes the white - shirted members make .
Halfway through the video , a woman dressed in a gorilla suit walks through the groups , stops , faces the camera , thumps her chest and walks off .
Half of all viewers miss this .
I did , and it left me unnerved .
Chabris and Simons have now written a book , " The Invisible Gorilla and Other Ways Our Intuitions Deceive Us " about all kinds of illusions we suffer from .
We think we see things as they really are , but “ our vivid visual experience belies a striking mental blindness , ” they write .
They cover the illusion of memory , how often our memories are born from our own embellished stories ; the illusion of knowledge , we think we know much more than we actually do ; the illusion of cause , we quickly assume correlation means causation .
Such overestimations have profound consequences : eyewitnesses sending innocents to prison ; believing — wrongly — that vaccines cause autism simply because of a correlation ; or thinking we can text while driving .
If there ’s one thing we ought to take from watching the gorilla film it is that texting while driving is a ticking time bomb .
Perhaps the worst illusion of all , the failing that leads to others , is the illusion of confidence .
We profoundly overestimate our ability to see things as they are .
As the physicist Richard Feynman famously said :
The first principle is you must not fool yourself , and you are the easiest person to fool .
— Christie Nicholson
Camera charge for ex-AOL exec
An original employee of and software developer for America Online has been arrested by Fairfax County police for allegedly placing a hidden camera in a changing room next to the pool at his home in Centreville and secretly filming teenagers .
Craig D. Dykstra , 51 , apparently was hosting a pool party after the Westfield High School prom early Saturday , Fairfax police said .
A teenaged boy discovered a digital video camera hanging on a pair of shorts , removed it and gave it to his parents , who turned the camera over to police , according to a search warrant affidavit filed Monday in Fairfax Circuit Court .
Police watched the videos recorded on the night of the party and first saw " a white male in his 50s positioning the camera in the dressing room and re-adjusting the camera after it was put in place , " the affidavit by Detective Nickolas Boffi states .
The video then captured eight teenaged boys and girls in bathing suits and towels and at least one girl totally naked .
Police identified the girl and she said she did not consent to be filmed , Boffi wrote .
The affidavit noted that other pool parties were held at Dykstra 's house and a secret camera may have been used .
Police searched Dykstra 's house on Trillium House Lane on Monday and seized 12 computers , 20 data storage units , two video storage units , seven cameras and five cell phones , court records show .
Dykstra was charged Tuesday with a misdemeanor of unlawful filming , Fairfax police spokeswoman Lucy Caldwell said .
Dykstra 's arrest was first reported by Fox 5 News .
-- Tom Jackman
Charles Rex Arbogast / Associated Press
There are plenty of cheap ways to make calls when abroad , including a combination of local SIM cards and Skype .
But setting up these methods can be complicated and time consuming , and it ’s often more convenient just to use your cellphone .
It ’s no wonder , then , that many people get hit with high roaming charges when they travel out of the country .
But on a recent trip to Mexico , I hit on one way to reduce the international bill , at least for travel to some countries :
Call your mobile service provider ahead of time and temporarily change your phone plan .
I had heard of corporations doing this before their BlackBerry - toting employees go abroad .
So I took the 10 minutes to try out the method myself .
A week or so before my trip , I called Verizon Wireless and changed my plan to a nationwide plus Mexico plan for the time I was gone .
With such a plan , assuming I stayed within my allotted minutes , I could call the United States from Mexico , and vice versa , with no roaming charges of 99 cents per minute .
In addition , I changed my data plan to a global one so I could check e-mail and the Internet on my BlackBerry .
Then , when I returned home , I immediately called Verizon and changed my plan back .
According to Verizon Wireless , the whole change cost me about $ 30 extra , a lot cheaper than if I had been charged 99 cents a minute for the 200 minutes of calls to the States I made while abroad .
A Verizon Wireless spokesman said customers should call customer service representatives before going on their trip as I did “ to ensure they are signed up for the right plan during the time they are traveling . ”
And it ’s not just Verizon Wireless that will allow such temporary changes .
A spokeswoman for AT&T Wireless had a similar recommendation .
“ First and foremost , we recommend our customers reach out to us before they go on their trip so we can ensure their phone and plans are set up properly to avoid any surprises on their bill , ” she said .
When you call to change your plan before you go and then reverse the change when you get back , the wireless providers will charge you only for a portion of the new plan ’s monthly charge ( assuming your trip was less than month ) or just for the calls you made while abroad , depending on the plan .
For instance , customers “ will only be billed for the time period ” of the trip , the AT&T Wireless spokeswoman said .
Still , this means that certain plan features — like the number of minutes available for you to use to make calls or check the Internet — will also be prorated for that time period .
So let ’s say you have 1,400 minutes of monthly calls , if you ’re only on an international plan for two weeks , you ’ll only have 700 minutes of roaming charge - free calls when abroad .
That ’s why it ’s important to make sure the temporary change has a start date — even a backdated one — that gives you enough minutes , said a Verizon Wireless customer service supervisor .
There are also a few other caveats to this method .
First , depending on what country you ’re going to and how much you use your phone , temporarily changing your plan may not result in big savings .
Verizon ’s bundled international plans , for instance , are only available for two countries .
In addition to the Nationwide plus Mexico plan , Verizon Wireless also offers a similar plan for Canada .
( The plans do n’t offer unlimited calling between Verizon mobile phones and free text messaging . )
AT&T Wireless , meanwhile , also offers similar plans to the same countries , and Sprint offers a $ 2.99 per month discounted Canada roaming rate of 20 cents per minute , down from 59 cents per minute without the add-on .
For travel to other countries , however , the wireless providers generally just offer plans guaranteeing discounted roaming rates .
Verizon Wireless , for instance , offers a $ 4.99 per month “ Global Value Plan ” that reduces customers ’ per-minute roaming rates for about 130 countries , AT&T Wireless ’ World Traveler service offers similar discounted rates for $ 5.99 a month and Sprint also offers a $ 4.99 per month similar service .
The discounted rates offered under such general international plans are often still expensive , especially if you plan to use a lot of minutes when abroad .
If that ’s the case , you may want to consider instead setting up your phone to work with mobile Internet calling services , as recommended in a New York Times article in January .
In addition , because of different technology , not all phones will even work abroad .
Any Verizon Wireless phone , for instance , will work in about 40 countries but only ones with global capabilities will work in more than 200 countries .
( Verizon Wireless will provide loaner devices for those traveling to countries where its regular phones do n’t work . )
Resources from wireless providers can help you figure out your best option .
To see if your AT&T Wireless phone will work where you ’re going and what the rate and service availability will be , check out this Travel Guide from the wireless provider .
You can also see more about where AT&T Wireless coverage is provided and available rates here .
Meanwhile , more information about Sprint ’s international voice and data options is available here , and more information about Verizon ’s options is available here .
A spokesman for T - Mobile , meanwhile , said that to use T - Mobile phones abroad , customers can temporarily add T - Mobile ’s free international roaming feature ( international voice and data roaming rates can be found here ) or pay a $ 5 fee for discounted roaming rates .
T - Mobile will also let customers unlock their phones to use a local prepaid SIM card , if they call customer service , the spokesman said .
Have you tried temporarily changing your cellphone plan before going abroad ?
How did it go ?
What other tips do you have for cost effectively using a cellphone when abroad ?
Hoopl : A Modular , Reusable Library for Dataflow Analysis and Transformation
This paper supersedes our previous paper about Hoopl , but if you are interested in using Hoopl , the previous paper is still worth reading because it contains more explanations and examples about how to use the library — this paper is more about the implementation .
Full paper
Where 's the code ?
People who have never blogged before may not realize how much of multi- faceted activity it really is .
Every individual post incorporates brainstorming with research , writing ( obviously ) , editing , and marketing .
Then you have to account for all the behind - the - scenes work of updating layouts , formatting posts , adding pictures , and working on the whole “ aesthetic ” of the blog .
After one dedicated year I feel as though I am on a new plateau in the blogging world .
I slowly , but surely , began to discover my voice , and I am now more focused on the ideas I want to convey to my readers .
I have become a better writer ; take a look through my archives , read one of my earliest posts and then go to something more recent – you will notice the change .
More importantly , blogging has become a rigorous exercise in self - discovery .
It has helped me better define my interests and to integrate those concepts into my life in a practical and effective way .
As I mention in my article “ Writing As Meditation , ” writing is a form of contemplation and critical thinking .
It makes our minds stronger and better able to function in the real world .
If you think of your mind as a muscle then writing becomes a “ mental gymnasium . ”
We need creativity to maintain healthy cognition just as much as we need a proper diet and exercise to maintain bodily health .
If you find yourself lacking in creative hobbies considering dusting off that old guitar , writing a poem , or going to the park on a nice day to take some pictures .
A good hour dedicated to self - expression adds a healthy dose of meaning to our existence and promotes mental health ( sometimes even in those who have severe disorders like schizophrenia and post - traumatic stress disorder ) .
Blogging has helped me cope with some of my own mental handicaps like anxiety and depression .
As someone whose mind often wanders and races , blogging became a way for me to put my life into focus and re-assess what makes life worth living ; it made me ask , “ What do I value in life ?
What should I strive for ? ”
Aside from my intellectual improvement , I also have some objective measures to show for my blogging efforts .
Over the past 364 days , I have accumulated over 100,000 visits .
That is an average of over 280 + visits a day and an average of 735 + visits per blog post ( for those following the math : I have written over 136 posts within the past year ) .
Assuming only 10 % of my readers actually read a full article that is still over 70 + “ full readers ” per page .
That may not sound like a big influence compared to a Paris Hilton or a Michael Jackson but that is 70 + minds I have affected ( in some large , small , positive , or negative way ) simply from writing my thoughts on some quirky website .
For my first year that is a pretty good foundation to build upon .
The best part is anyone can do this with a little time and effort .
If you find yourself in a mental rut , unemployed , or just looking for a new hobby – consider starting a blog .
It may be just the thing you need to get yourself in a productive and focused mindset .
Writing down your ideas in the midst of a brainstorm does n’t just give you a good reason to sit and unwind your thoughts , it eventually leads toward better incentives and strategies when you stand up to live .
Making sure you maintain good nutrition is a big part of maintaining a healthy lifestyle .
However , with all the new diets and regimens out available to us , it can be intimidating for those starting out .
Here we present to you 100 nutrition facts that will help you achieve the healthy lifestyle you yearn for .
Table of Contents 01 Nutrition Facts Infographics 02
Fat or carbs do n’t make you fat .
03 Foods that are gluten - free does not mean its healthy .
04 Drinks that include sugar are the most fattening .
05 Not all vegetable oils are healthy .
06 The human body is managed by beneficial bacteria .
07 Artificial trans fats should not be consumed by humans .
08 Cholesterol itself is not harmful to you .
09 You can get addicted to junk food .
10 Eggs are high in nutrients .
11 New foods may lead to the development of new health risks .
12 There is no need to eat every other hour .
13 Red meat can not rot inside the colon of a human .
14 Health claims on packaging are often misleading 15 Low - fat diets are not healthy .
16 Your weight is not directly correlated with your health status .
17 People with type 2 diabetes are resistant to insulin .
18 Fruit juice is the same as soda .
19 Supplements marketed for weight loss often does nothing .
20 Counting every single calorie is not necessary .
21
There is no such thing as the perfect diet .
22 Vegetables are your body ’s best friend .
23 Supplements cannot provide the full benefits that real foods provide .
24 Diets are not effective .
25 Processed foods lack major nutrients .
26 Vitamin D is an essential part of your health .
27 The human body depends on fats for body heat .
28 Moderated consumption of sodium helps regulate blood pressure .
29 Regular water intake is essential for the human body .
30 Moderation is healthy and acceptable .
31 Breakfast is the most important meal of the day .
32 Introducing children to good nutrition at a young age helps them develop healthy eating habits .
33 Avocados have more fat than any other fruit .
34 The Miracle fruit contains Miraculin .
35 Raw spinach will have the same amount of protein as a sirloin steak .
36 The skin of apple contains most of its nutrients .
37 Drinking tea can help prevent scurvy .
38 ‘ Needing to intake 8 glasses of water a day ’ is not the complete statement .
39 Amaranth was once used by the Aztecs as their primary diet .
40 Coffee flour made from coffee cherries are high in fiber .
41 California has the highest milk standards out of all the states in America .
42 Females absorb more Vitamin D than men .
43
The earliest signs of scurvy have been dated back to 1550 B.C. 44 Las Vegas has a service that helps you with your hangovers .
45 Brain damage can be a sign of over consumption of alcohol .
46 Many studies have not found connections to Vitamin C and the prevention of colds .
47 Calcium supplements should not be taken without Vitamin K. 48 Eating kiwifruit ’s skin is healthy .
49 The Black Sapote is low in fat .
50 Blood can be used as a substitute for eggs when baking .
51 The liver of a polar bear can kill a human adult .
52 The white spots on your fingernails are nothing to worry about .
53 Vegetables such as broccoli , parsley , and brussels sprouts have more Vitamin C than oranges .
54 All animals can make Vitamin C in their bodies .
55 Potatoes are one of the most beneficial root vegetables you can consume .
56 Golden rice is a genetically engineered Vitamin A rich strain of rice .
57 Vitamins are short for Vital Amines .
58 Individuals who drink whole milk are less likely to be fat .
59 Milk can help lower anxiety and depression .
60 TRPM8 is what causes the brain to think something is colder after intaking mint .
61 Oranges are not the most common source for Vitamin C. 62 Vitamin A enriched rice was developed over 15 years ago .
63
All the essential amino acids can be found in the leaves of the Moringa tree .
64 There are over 50,000 different types of edible plants on the planet .
65 The ‘% Daily Value ’ on nutrition labels has not been updated since 1968 .
66 About 20 % or more calories collectively consumed by people come from one source .
67 A pound of spinach will have the same amount of calories as two oreo cookies .
68 The average medieval peasant consumed more calories than modern man today .
69 Unfrosted pop tarts will have more calories .
70 Eating celery sticks will result in negative calories .
71 Beef is rich in zinc and vitamins .
72 Chocolate is good for the skin .
73 Avocados , almonds , and arugula can improve your sex drive .
74 Oatmeal can make your body produce serotonin. 75 Your body takes hours to digest the food you eat .
76
The saying ‘ An apple a day keeps the doctor away ’ is true .
77
The healthiest fat that can be found in food is in extra virgin olive oil .
78 Walking at a face pace is good for your health .
79 Losing a pound of fat requires you to burn 3,500 calories .
80 Regular physical activity can reduce back pain .
81 Eggs contain healthy amino acids .
82 Dehydration can cause you to become irritable and moody .
83 Eating nuts are incredibly nutritional despite the fat .
84 Fatty fish are a good source of protein .
85 Overcooked meat is unhealthy .
86 Alcohol is beneficial .
87 Herbs have many health benefits .
88 High potassium diets can improve and maintain blood pressure .
89 The healthiest citrus fruit is the grapefruit .
90 Foods with folic acids help the body form red blood cells .
91 Heart health can improve by ingesting lemons .
92 Chewing gum helps you stay alert .
93 Obesity may soon be the leading risk of cancer .
94 People today eat an average of 600 calories more per day compared to people in the 1970s .
95 Exercising 10 minutes each day can significantly improve your health .
96 Job strain can contribute to type 2 diabetes .
97 People begin losing muscle mass at the age of 30 .
98 Excessive sitting is more likely to cause inflammation in women .
99 Regular consumption of fruits is good for the liver .
100 Eating can help improve your mood .
101 The majority of American diets fail .
Nutrition Facts Infographics
Fat or carbs do n’t make you fat .
Here ’s the first on our list of nutrition facts .
The main factor blamed for obesity is often fat because it contains more calories per gram than protein and carbs .
However , this could n’t be further from the truth .
These factors are not the only things to consider when deciding on a diet .
While both fat and carbs can be fattening , being able to balance this with the rest of the diet can result in positive weight loss .
Foods that are gluten - free does not mean its healthy .
The trend for organic and gluten - free food is continuously rising .
However , what most people do not realize is that this is not necessarily always the healthiest option .
Junk food can also be made with gluten - free and organic products .
Read also : More Amazing General Facts
Drinks that include sugar are the most fattening .
The intake of excess sugar can cause great harm to your health .
When consuming it in liquid form , the human brain cannot register the amount of calories you are drinking .
This leads you to eat more just so the brain can register your calorie intake .
Not all vegetable oils are healthy .
Soybean , sunflower , and corn oil all contain large amounts of omega - 6 fatty acids which increases the chances of low - grade inflammation in the body .
Oils with this fatty acid may also contribute to oxidative stress which helps heart disease form .
The human body is managed by beneficial bacteria .
Research has found that there are more bacteria in our intestines than there are human cells in our bodies .
The ratio of bacteria to human cells is 10 to 1 .
Over the years , scientists have found that these bacteria provide us with many benefits with regards to our health .
When we eat , it fuels the bacteria in our bodies to help regulate weight loss and gain and even how the brain functions .
Artificial trans fats should not be consumed by humans .
Here are some nutrition facts about trans fats .
Trans fats are unhealthy and link to the increase in heart disease .
Luckily , the Food and Drug Administration has banned trans fats as of June 2018 and will no longer be distributed after 2020 .
Cholesterol itself is not harmful to you .
The main determinant for heart disease is not cholesterol itself , but rather the type of lipoproteins that carry it around your body .
For the majority , dietary cholesterol has little to no effect on lipoprotein levels .
You can get addicted to junk food .
Due to modern science and research , food engineers can create processed foods that flood our brains with dopamine .
Because of this , people tend to lose control over their consumption .
Many other studies examine this phenomenon having similarities between processed junk food and commonly abused drugs .
Read also : 100 Interesting Facts That Will Boggle Your Mind
Eggs are high in nutrients .
Recent studies have shown that cholesterol from eggs has no direct effect on raising blood cholesterol .
Hundreds and thousands of healthy people were tested and found no signs of an increase in the risk of heart disease .
New foods may lead to the development of new health risks .
Obesity has been a problem since the 1980s and has continued to be the biggest health problem in the world .
Research blames these epidemics on food such as eggs , butter , and red meats .
However , these foods have been a part of the human diet for centuries .
This leaves only processed foods , added sugars , and refined grains to blame .
There is no need to eat every other hour .
Some people follow diets that require eating smaller meals more frequently in hopes to lose weight .
However , research has found that this does not have any connection to fat burning or body weight .
Rather , when it is time to eat , it is best to stick to a healthy and nutritious options .
Red meat can not rot inside the colon of a human .
The human body is made to digest and absorb most of what we intake .
Whether we eat foods that are raw or cooked , it will still be digested by our bodies .
However , this does not mean that you should eat food uncooked .
Health claims on packaging are often misleading Food manufacturers are well aware of modern society ’s consciousness over wanting to stay healthy .
As a marketing strategy , they include labels such as ‘ whole - grain and low - fat ’ onto their labels which make you believe it is healthier when in fact it is not .
Low - fat diets are not healthy .
Mainstream nutritionists often recommend going on a low - fat diet to get in shape .
However , many long - term studies state that it is not effective in preventing weight loss and the development of diseases .
It is better to stick with fruits and vegetables as they are naturally low in fat .
Additionally , it is best to avoid processed foods that are labeled as such as they are often made from unhealthy ingredients .
Read also : 300 Weird Facts That Will Confuse And Amaze You At The Same Time
Your weight is not directly correlated with your health status .
Many health experts state that while being able to maintain your weight is important , it is even more so to keep your body in shape .
Many metabolically healthy Americans are obese and those that are of normal weight have the metabolic problems associated with obesity .
People with type 2 diabetes are resistant to insulin .
This is why it is advised for them to follow a low - carb diet as the carbs they eat will cause a rise in their blood sugar levels .
Low - carb diets are more beneficial to those with diabetes than those without .
Fruit juice is the same as soda .
Despite coming from healthy sources such as fruits , the added sugar make these beverages just as unhealthy as any sugary drink .
Supplements marketed for weight loss often does nothing .
Research has found that dietary supplements that promote weight loss have little to no effect .
Most supplements will not give the results that most people look for .
However , those that do work only produce a small amount of weight loss that is too little to notice .
Counting every single calorie is not necessary .
While many use this method to keep their weight in check , simple things can be done to get the same results without having to count your calorie intake .
Research has found that consuming more proteins can lead to calorie restriction and weight loss .
There is no such thing as the perfect diet .
Each person will have different nutritional and health needs and therefore cannot be expected that all diets will work on an individual .
If you wish to take your health and fitness into account , consulting a professional nutritionist is often the best choice for most .
Read also : 300 Crazy Fun Facts To Start Your Day
Vegetables are your body ’s best friend .
These foods are rich in nutrients and minerals .
In many studies , regular consumption of these foods improve health and lower the risk of developing diseases .
Supplements cannot provide the full benefits that real foods provide .
The amount of nutrients your body gets from vitamins are relatively small compared to eating a piece of fruit or vegetable itself .
Regularly taking vitamins and relying on them alone cannot give you the full nutritional benefits that the human body needs to stay healthy .
Diets are not effective .
Here ’s one of the amazing nutrition facts about diets .
Diets only provide short - term results , whereas lifestyle changes make major impacts on your overall health .
Regular exercise will keep you in shape longer rather than going on and off a particular diet plan .
Processed foods lack major nutrients .
Many processed foods will lack fiber in exchange for sugar additives and trans fats .
Additionally , they are also full of artificial chemicals and ingredients .
Vitamin D is an essential part of your health .
This vitamin functions as an essential hormone that your body requires .
Those with Vitamin D deficiency is associated with the risk of developing diabetes , cancer , and osteoporosis .
The human body depends on fats for body heat .
Foods that are rich in Vitamins A , D , E , and K rely on fat so that it can be transported around the body .
However , trans and saturated fats should be avoided as much as possible .
Foods with unsaturated fats can be found in soybeans , olive oil , fish , seeds , and avocados .
Moderated consumption of sodium helps regulate blood pressure .
Here are some nutrition facts about sodium .
Too much sodium can also cause high blood pressure .
However , if you stick with the recommended intake of no more than 1,500 mg daily , it can help regulate your blood pressure .
Regular water intake is essential for the human body .
Regularly drinking water will help your body maintain its temperature and lubricates the joints in the body .
It also flushes out waste from vital organs which helps it function properly each day .
Moderation is healthy and acceptable .
People are still able to enjoy their favorite junk foods and processed foods in moderation so long as they keep up a healthy lifestyle to stay healthy .
Nutritionists also recommend this as people tend to overindulge when they are deprived of their favorite junk food .
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day .
Many people say this because it is true .
Research has discovered that skipping the first meal of the day will cause you to be hungrier later on which makes you overeat .
By indulging yourself with a morning meal , you give your body the necessary energy it needs to make healthier decisions later on in the day .
How ’s that for nutrition facts ?
Introducing children to good nutrition at a young age helps them develop healthy eating habits .
By introducing children to healthier options rather than processed ones , they grow accustomed to the habit of eating healthier .
Not only will they have a natural taste for healthier options , but it will also help them reduce the risk of developing conditions such as diabetes .
Avocados have more fat than any other fruit .
They also do not ripen while still attached to the tree .
Most farmers take advantage of this and used them to store avocados for up to 7 months or until they fully mature .
This is why avocados stay in season at any time of the year .
The Miracle fruit contains Miraculin .
It also contains a unique sweetener that is used to help people with diabetes who are obese .
This fruit is often used as a low - calorie sugar - free sweetener and can be found in locations such as West Africa .
Raw spinach will have the same amount of protein as a sirloin steak .
Broccoli also contains more protein per calorie than steak does .
However , these leafy greens do not have the same amount of calories as steak does .
The skin of apple contains most of its nutrients .
Peeling an apple will cause you to miss out on 50 % of its total fiber .
You also lose about 30 % of its Vitamin C nutrients .
Drinking tea can help prevent scurvy .
Specifically , drinking tea that was brewed from pine needles .
This type of tea contains high amounts of Vitamin C .
‘ Needing to intake 8 glasses of water a day ’ is not the complete statement .
According to the 1945 Food Nutrition Board , also stated that the other half of the fluid we intake comes from our food .
Drinking other beverages other than water is also included .
However , it is highly recommended to stick with water as much as possible rather than sugary or carbonated drinks .
Amaranth was once used by the Aztecs as their primary diet .
This grain was gluten - free and also high in protein .
It was also used as a dye in some cases .
However , this grain was soon outlawed by the Spanish .
Coffee flour made from coffee cherries are high in fiber .
Coffee is also gluten - free and high in protein .
However , this fruit is often discarded 75 % of the time during production .
California has the highest milk standards out of all the states in America .
Milk categorized as 1 % in California will contain 33 % more calcium and protein .
This is mainly because they add non -fat milk solids for better taste and nutritional value .
Females absorb more Vitamin D than men .
This is because they have lighter skin than men .
Because of this , they can absorb more Vitamin D and calcium which is used for the production of breast milk .
The earliest signs of scurvy have been dated back to 1550 B.C.
In the beginning , it was documented as a disease and a common remedy was to consume foods rich in Vitamin C .
This method has been repeatedly lost and discovered throughout the early 20th century .
Las Vegas has a service that helps you with your hangovers .
The service offers IV fluids and vitamins which they use to cure you of your hangover .
It is called Hangover Heaven .
Brain damage can be a sign of over consumption of alcohol .
This kind of damage may be avoided with proper nutrition .
While alcohol is a factor , it is not a direct cause for the development of brain damage .
Many studies have not found connections to Vitamin C and the prevention of colds .
For the longest time , Vitamin C is often used as a solution to treat colds .
This is because our bodies cannot naturally make it fight against bacteria .
However , some studies find that those who regularly intake this Vitamin are still prone to getting the common cold .
This lead to a new study that stated Vitamin C cannot fully prevent symptoms of the common cold .
Calcium supplements should not be taken without Vitamin K .
Here are some nutrition facts about calcium .
These kinds of supplements are considered to be bad for your bones without the presence of Vitamin K .
Foods that promote this are avocados , bananas , milk , and peaches .
Eating kiwifruit ’s skin is healthy .
The skin of the kiwifruit is not only edible but it also contains high amounts of fiber and Vitamin C. Eating the skin triples the fiber intake according to studies .
The Black Sapote is low in fat .
This fruit is also known as the Chocolate Pudding Fruit because it tastes just like chocolate pudding .
It also has four times the amount of Vitamin C compared to orange fruit .
Blood can be used as a substitute for eggs when baking .
This is due to blood and eggs having a similar protein composition .
It can also be used in making ice cream as well .
The liver of a polar bear can kill a human adult .
This is because it contains a toxic amount of Vitamin A .
The entire liver is enough to kill 52 adults from Vitamin A overdose .
The white spots on your fingernails are nothing to worry about .
These spots are normally caused by minor injuries during the nail ’s growth .
It is also not a sign of excess or deficiency in calcium , zinc , or other vitamins .
Vegetables such as broccoli , parsley , and brussels sprouts have more Vitamin C than oranges .
Some interesting nutrition facts about these vegetables is that they also have higher traces of Vitamin C per 100g .
Chili peppers , on the other hand , have about 400 % more Vitamin C per 100g of oranges .
All animals can make Vitamin C in their bodies .
The exceptions are fruit - eating bats , guinea pigs , the Red-vented bulbul bird , and primates .
This means that this group also includes humans .
These animals require regular intake of Vitamin C to keep healthy , otherwise , they could fall sick .
Now that ’s some healthy nutrition facts .
Potatoes are one of the most beneficial root vegetables you can consume .
Not only do they contain high traces of fiber , they also have high amounts of Vitamin C , B6 , Potassium , and Kukoamines .
All of these help aid in lowering blood pressure .
Golden rice is a genetically engineered Vitamin A rich strain of rice .
This rice is believed to be able to save millions of lives in many developing countries .
The co-inventor of this product has also called for this to be distributed for free to struggling farmers .
Vitamins are short for Vital Amines .
The term came from a scientist named Casimir who died in 1967 .
There are around 15 known types of vitamins today .
Individuals who drink whole milk are less likely to be fat .
A study finds that there is a 40 % reduction in obesity and overweight rates in people who drink whole milk rather than low - fat milk .
Research suggests that the reason why this is so is due to the amount of calories gained from consuming whole milk .
Whole milk also contains essential vitamins that the body absorbs .
Milk can help lower anxiety and depression .
The magnesium , calcium , Vitamin B & D , and theanine found in milk have been found to help lower symptoms of anxiety and depression .
Vitamin D is said to increase serotonin production which is the hormone that produces feelings of happiness .
TRPM8 is what causes the brain to think something is colder after intaking mint .
The cool sensation you feel is due to this ion channel protein .
This protein is also found in most menthols which trigger the sense of coolness .
Oranges are not the most common source for Vitamin C. Kakadu plums have 100 times more Vitamin C than oranges and can be found native in Australian markets .
This is the highest known concentration of Vitamin C per 100g .
Vitamin A enriched rice was developed over 15 years ago .
This product was said to have prevented thousands of cases of childhood blindness .
However , due to concerns over food with GMOs , it was never used .
All the essential amino acids can be found in the leaves of the Moringa tree .
It also contains more iron than spinach , more calcium than milk , and more Vitamin A than carrots .
Their seed has also been shown to purify water .
There are over 50,000 different types of edible plants on the planet .
The most consumed types of crops are rice , wheat , and maize .
These commodity crops provide around 60 % of the plant - derived calories that we eat .
The ‘% Daily Value ’ on nutrition labels has not been updated since 1968 .
Currently , most labels are not updated to reflect the current proper servings for modern - day citizens .
Often , this serving value will be lacking compared to the actual nutritional value .
About 20 % or more calories collectively consumed by people come from one source .
Most of the collectively consumed calories by people all around the world comes from rice .
This is most especially so in Asian countries and America .
A pound of spinach will have the same amount of calories as two oreo cookies .
This is approximately 100 calories .
Spinach is also one of the richest sources of antioxidants beta-carotene .
The average medieval peasant consumed more calories than modern man today .
On average , men from the medieval period consumed 160 - 200 % more calories in a day .
This example makes it simpler to see how difficult it can be to maintain a 1500 calorie diet today .
Unfrosted pop tarts will have more calories .
Most frosted pop tarts will contain around 10 calories more than unfrosted tarts .
This is because unfrosted pop tarts have thicker crusts to compensate for the lack of frosting .
Eating celery sticks will result in negative calories .
This is because the calories burned to chew the celery is more than the total calories in the celery itself .
This makes it the perfect healthy snack for your next diet .
Beef is rich in zinc and vitamins .
Zinc is a mineral that is essential for the growth of the body and as well as for maintenance .
It is also a rich source of selenium which serves a variety of functions in the human body .
Chocolate is good for the skin .
You ’ll love these nutrition facts .
The antioxidants found in chocolate are said to improve blood flow .
Research suggests that consuming chocolate can also protect against UV damage .
Avocados , almonds , and arugula can improve your sex drive .
Here ’s one of the nutrition facts about your libido .
These healthy treats have also been stated to improve fertility .
A diet including these foods is recommended for older couples looking to have children .
Oatmeal can make your body produce serotonin .
This , in turn , calms the mind and improves your mood throughout the day .
Consider substituting your usual cereal for a bowl of oatmeal the next morning .
Your body takes hours to digest the food you eat .
It takes approximately 6 - 8 hours before your food can completely pass through your stomach .
It takes a total of 36 hours for food to move through the entire colon .
The saying ‘ An apple a day keeps the doctor away ’ is true .
Apples can reduce the levels of unhealthy cholesterol in your body .
Hence , making your heart healthier .
The healthiest fat that can be found in food is in extra virgin olive oil .
This oil also contains high amounts of Vitamin E and K .
Two tablespoons of olive oil a day is also said to help reduce the risk of heart disease .
Walking at a face pace is good for your health .
Speed walking for up to three hours once a week has been proven to give great health benefits .
This activity can help lower the risk of heart disease by up to 65 % .
Losing a pound of fat requires you to burn 3,500 calories .
To lose weight and still be able to eat , you would need to consume about 5,000 calories a day .
Jumping rope is the best way to lose weight fast if you maintain a speed of 120 skips per minute .
Regular physical activity can reduce back pain .
Jogging or regularly working out has been proven to lower the frequency of lower back pain .
It can also ease the severity of back pain .
Eggs contain healthy amino acids .
These amino acids can help improve your reflexes .
Eggs contain all nine essential amino acids and are also a good source of protein .
Dehydration can cause you to become irritable and moody .
It can also hurt your energy levels .
Lack of water in your body can cause the loss of blood flow to the brain and also cause fatigue .
Eating nuts are incredibly nutritional despite the fat .
Here are some nutty nutrition facts for you .
Nuts are loaded with magnesium and fiber , and many other nutrients .
They can also help in weight loss and fight off type 2 diabetes .
Fatty fish are a good source of protein .
They also contain healthy fats like omega - 3 fatty acids .
A study has shown that those who frequently include fish in their diets are less likely to develop depression and dementia .
Overcooked meat is unhealthy .
When meat is overcooked , it can lead to the formation of harmful compounds that can raise the risk of cancer .
When cooking meat , it is best when eaten medium - rare .
Alcohol is beneficial .
This refers to wine in particular .
Wine can improve blood flow while also improving the flavors of your meal .
However , these benefits are only gained when it is drunk in moderation .
Herbs have many health benefits .
Ginger , for example , contains a natural anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effect .
Many other spices are also used for traditional medication and treatment .
High potassium diets can improve and maintain blood pressure .
Apart from bananas , other foods that include a good amount of potassium include potatoes , tomato products , and soybeans .
The more potassium the human body consumes , the more sodium it loses .
The healthiest citrus fruit is the grapefruit .
This fruit is not only rich in vitamins and minerals but also promotes healthy weight loss .
In recent studies , grapefruit has also been found to reduce insulin levels and insulin resistance .
Foods with folic acids help the body form red blood cells .
Women who are pregnant are recommended to increase their intake of folate from foods .
This helps women reduce the risk of neural tube defects and anencephaly during pregnancy .
Heart health can improve by ingesting lemons .
Lemons are high in Vitamin C and can help lower blood pressure and blood lipids .
It also promotes healthy weight loss and help prevent diseases such as diabetes .
Chewing gum helps you stay alert .
Here ’s one of many nutrition facts about chewing gum for you .
Research has found that chewing mint - flavored gum can dramatically reduce feelings of tiredness .
It was also found that it can reduce stress and anxiety levels as well .
Obesity may soon be the leading risk of cancer .
According to Cancer Research UK , smoking rates are dropping as obesity rates grow .
It is estimated that , by the year 2043 , there will be more people developing cancer due to obesity rather than by smoking .
People today eat an average of 600 calories more per day compared to people in the 1970s .
This may be mainly due to the mass production of processed and junk foods .
Many modern foods today also include several unhealthy additives .
Exercising 10 minutes each day can significantly improve your health .
High - intensity workouts with 10 - minute intervals has been found effective in reducing fat .
If you have more time , you can also increase this to 20 - 30 minute intervals to build muscle .
Job strain can contribute to type 2 diabetes .
According to a 2014 study , job strain is a high - risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes .
This is so because of the stress response that increases the secretion of the fight - or - flight hormone .
People begin losing muscle mass at the age of 30 .
If you are over 30 , chances are you are already losing 40 % of your body ’s muscle mass .
This degeneration increases even more so after turning the age of 40 .
Excessive sitting is more likely to cause inflammation in women .
Studies have shown that on many occasions , sitting for prolonged periods can be associated with an increased level of inflammatory biomarkers .
This should be avoided as it can lead to the weakening of the immune system .
Regular consumption of fruits is good for the liver .
Eating more fruit fiber contributes to a healthier liver .
This is most especially the case for those who are obese and suffer from liver damage .
Eating can help improve your mood .
Carbohydrates , proteins , and fats can be identified as beta - glucans which can boost your mood .
Similar foods such as oatmeal , eggs , and salmon should also be regularly consumed during meals .
The plastic vuvuzela noisemaker , scourge of the human ear and omnipresent World Cup companion , may be bad for our hearing — but it has been terrific for our brains .
Around the world , human ingenuity has been harnessed in pursuit of a single goal : removing the vuvuzela 's drone from World Cup football broadcasts through noise - canceling devices , EQ settings , and Linux .
" Be Zen about it "
The trumpets can be deafening , and now come with helpful textured graphics suggesting that vuvuzelas not be blown directly at another person 's ear .
Long a part of South African football tradition , the horns have now spawned an anti-vuvuzela backlash so strong that FIFA president Sepp Blatter took to Twitter to quiet the restive masses .
" To answer all your messages re : the Vuvuzelas , " he wrote yesterday , " I have always said that Africa has a different rhythm , a different sound . "
A few minutes later , he expanded on this thought .
" I do n’t see banning the music traditions of fans in their own country .
Would you want to see a ban on the fan traditions in your country ? "
The constant background drone of the horns may not deafen TV viewers thousands of miles away , but it has outraged plenty of them .
The BBC , hit with several hundred complaints , is already considering the broadcast of a " vuvuzela free " version of the World Cup matches , but geeks who are n't willing to wait can filter the noise today .
The easiest method costs € 2.95 .
Vuvuzela haters can visit antivuvuzelafilter.com , plunk down their cash , and download a 45 - minute MP3 file .
This must be played back during each half of a football match , preferably from a speaker right next to the television , and the " specially designed Vuvuzela noise - cancellation sound is a wave with the same amplitude but with inverted phase to the original sound . "
In other words , you get active noise cancellation .
This sounds unbelievably dodgy to us .
Active noise cancellation relies on sampling ambient sound and reproducing that sound exactly out of phase with the original ; the result is that the sound waves cancel each other out .
This system , relying as it does on prerecorded vuvuzelas , would seem unlikely to have much effect .
Still , the UK's Telegraph newspaper tracked down a local professor of acoustics to weigh in on the idea .
Trevor Cox from the University of Salford could n't see any way that the system would line up the sound waves correctly .
His advice was lower tech : " Be Zen about it ; accept vuvuzelas as part of the World Cup soundscape and pour another beer . "
Popular Science dug up a more difficult solution from the German blog Die Surfpoeten .
Here , an " anti-vuvuzela filter " is created by filtering out the horn 's most common frequencies .
The filters are set up in a program like Logic Express , and all audio is first routed through a computer for realtime processing before heading out or a receiver or speakers .
If you do n't want to drop any cash on your filter and you run Linux , OStatic profiles a technique using the JACK audio connection kit to set up similar filters .
" It ’s not perfect but seems to work okay , " says the author .
Of course , any reasonably detailed EQ hardware or software could do the same job ; Surfpoeten claims that the main vuvuzela frequencies to filter are 233 , 466 , 932 , and 1864 Hz ( this gets the main tone and several overtones ) .
Do n't want to go to all this trouble ?
Just turn down the TV 's sound .
But get ready for the vuvuzela drone to infiltrate European football matches , too .
As the Guardian notes , vuvuzela sales in the UK are brisk .
" Sainsbury 's sold 22,000 red vuvuzelas — or ' Vu Vu horns ' as it brands them — in 12 hours before England 's game — one every two seconds .
The supermarket chain has ordered 25,000 extra horns but thinks it may run out before Friday 's game against Algeria . "
The paper also quotes one Mike Brown , who was buying a pair for his kids .
" I could be making a terrible mistake but I think I 'm going to have to make a rule that they can only blow them during the actual games .
But the kids wanted them and I can't resist it when they get excited about something like the World Cup . "
Mike , as the parent of small children myself , let me concur with your first instinct : yes , you are making a horrible mistake .
Right now you may have World Cup Fever , but in six months you might well come down with Vu Vu Tinnitus .
Advertisements
Evidence is mounting that BP is not only trying to control message war as the oil continues to pour into the Gulf of Mexico , but also they are hassling reporters and media who are attempting to report on the clean up efforts .
ABC News reporter Matt Gutman captured BP ’s daily tactics on video , as the energy giant tries to prevent the American people from seeing the truth .
Here is the video courtesy of ABC News
Advertisements
In Gutman ’s case , while he was setting up for a Skype chat on his laptop from a beach in Alabama , a BP manager came up to him and asked , “ You mind if I ask why you ’ve set up a camera right here while my guys are working ? ”
Gutman assured the BP manager that he was not talking to the BP clean up crew , and that it would only take five minutes , and the BP worker replied , “ I find it interesting . ”
BP has a gag order on all of its employees working on the clean up that bans them from talking to the press .
Grutman and ABC News are not alone .
Numerous journalists have been threatened or harassed by BP for trying to report what is going on in the Gulf .
Here is video of BP threatening a boatload of CBS employees 3 weeks ago :
Carlos Miller of , Photography is Not A Crime pointed out today that reporters must be embedded with a rep from BP if they want to cover the story , “ In other words , journalists need to be embedded with BP if they want to cover the story .
Not much different than how journalists need to be embedded with the military if they want to cover the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . ”
The FAA has created a no - fly zone over the area , and the New York Times reported yesterday that the Department of Homeland Security has been blocking journalists from covering the story , “ Last week , Senator Bill Nelson , Democrat of Florida , tried to bring a small group of journalists with him on a trip he was taking through the gulf on a Coast Guard vessel .
Mr. Nelson ’s office said the Coast Guard agreed to accommodate the reporters and camera operators .
But at about 10 p.m. on the evening before the trip , someone from the Department of Homeland Security ’s legislative affairs office called the senator ’s office to tell them that no journalists would be allowed . ”
I can understand why BP would be trying to keep the media out , but I would love to know who in the Obama administration thought that it would be a good idea to align with BP against the journalists who are trying to report the story ?
It might seem like good politics to try to keep control of the flow of information during a crisis , but in this case it is n’t .
BP is the villain here , and the White House can not benefit by aiding them in any way .
If the Obama administration is serious about turning up the heat not only on BP , but also towards pushing for new regulations , then it is critical that the American people see the whole story .
Those of us on the Left howled when the Bush administration presented the American people with a sanitized view of the invasion of Iraq through the use of embedded correspondents that could be manipulated and controlled by the military , and the practice is just as wrong when the Obama administration allows BP to make the rules on who and how information is reported from the Gulf .
It is a safe bet that this policy did not come from Obama himself , but he needs to be one to reverse it ASAP .
Steel Train opened for Tegan & Sara this winter , which may be where they got the idea for Terrible Thrills Vol. 1 , an album of female artists covering songs from their upcoming self - titled album .
Their list of covers artists is impressive :
In addition to Tegan & Sara , they ’ve recruited Scarlett Johansson ? , Holly Miranda ? , Deradoorian ? , Alia Shawkat , and ?
Amanda Palmer ?.
Tegan & Sara ’s interpretation was made with help from RAC ’s Andre Allen Anjos , who turns it into a rollerskate jam with lots of tinkling keyboards and a simple bass melody taken from the original ’s drums .
Tegan & Sara – “ Turnpike Ghost ( Steel Train Cover ) ”
“ Turnpike Ghost ” sounds like it was a natural fit for Tegan & Sara ( especially the song ’s faster verses ) , so this song really comes off like a duet between the bands .
Grab the original :
Steel Train – “ Turnpike Ghost ”
Terrible Thrills Vol. 1 comes with pre-orders of Steel Train ’s s/t album , out 6/29 via Terrible Thrills .
Steel Train are at Mercury Lounge tonight .
Tickets here .
After some delays , Mozilla has released Firefox 3.6.4 , the newest version of the popular web browser .
It comes with one big addition : protection against crashing due to third - party plugins , most notably Adobe Flash .
The updated browser , which you can download here , comes with dozens of bug fixes and stability upgrades .
What the average user will care about most though is Firefox crash protection , something that is a prominent feature of Google Chrome .
Crash protection utilizes out - of - process plugins technology to run third - party plugins ( specifically Flash , Quicktime , and Silverlight ) in a separate process .
In the past , a plugin crash would take down your entire Firefox browser .
With crash protection however , " the browser will stay running while the portions of websites controlled by the plugin will be disabled . "
It only takes a refresh to restart the plugin .
There is a catch , though : only Windows and Linux users have access to crash protection .
According to Mozilla , making crash protection available to Mac OS X users would require major changes to Firefox 's infrastructure .
However , the non-profit promises that it will become available for Mac users in Firefox 4 , which should ship by the end of the year .
It ’s usually not a good idea to leave an opening for college professors .
These people tend to be in their profession because they ’re fairly smart and quick on their feet .
Faculty meetings like this never end well .
I like that Dr. Klownus carries around a list of students he ’d like to get rid of .
It ’s with him at all times , just in case .
WHO is Max Bourke ?
According to his profile on social networking site Facebook , he 's a single , energetic guy who loves his footy , poker , and is always up for catching a flick .
The false Facebook site in the name of Max Bourke .
He appears fit and confident - he lists running , swimming and surfing as things he likes to do and the photograph he 's chosen as his profile picture is one of himself working up a sweat on the beach , topless .
'' Max and [ actress ] Jessica Alba are in love , '' Bourke jokes on his home page .
'' She just does n't know it yet . ''
Word comes via New York magazine that the Kitchen theater and gallery will be staging , starting today , Bellona : Destroyer of Cities , a performance based on Samuel R. Delany ’s sci-fi masterpiece Dhalgren .
It ’s curious enough that an avant - garde theater company would use highbrow science fiction as a source , but it ’s downright bizarre to hear that anyone would tackle Dhalgren .
The 1975 novel is not only controversial ( its racial and sexual themes are still hot points today ) and divisive ( even the sci - fi community is torn over , it , with Theodore Sturgeon and William Gibson amongst its defenders and Philip K. Dick and Harlan Ellison its detractors ) , but it ’s the very definition of unfilmable ( and , presumably , unstageable ) .
While it contains some recognizable sci-fi tropes ( bizarre astronomical phenomena , the struggle of survivors in a post - apocalyptic environment , warring gangs of thugs using hi-tech holographic gadgets ) , it ’s also restlessly postmodern , highly metafictional , and constantly circling around themes of identity and reality that play with the nature and structure of the text .
Advertisement
It ’s a bit vague how the Kitchen will be approaching their adaptation of a book whose meaning is inseparable from the way the text is presented , but while they ’re taking liberties ( note the different title , and the fact that the play features a different cast than the book ) , Delany himself is a fan .
Which leads to the next question : if someone has finally figured out how to stage Dhalgren , will an attempt to film it be close behind ?
Pssst ... Want To Rent A Botnet ?
Sellers are freely hawking their wares via online forums and banner advertising , according to iDefense VeriSign ’s security intelligence service
Have you got $ 67 burning a hole in your pocket ?
Then you can rent a botnet for 24 hours to launch distributed denial of service ( DDoS ) attacks , sell fake antivirus software and relay spam to unsuspecting email users via millions of compromised -- aka zombie -- PCs .
Or if you only need an hour , that ’s just $ 9 .
Those findings come from iDefense VeriSign ’s security intelligence service , which studied 25 black market botnet offerings .
Based on the company ’s research , botnets are becoming increasingly commoditized , with sellers freely hawking their wares via online forums and banner advertising .
“ Organizations need to be wary of the fact that their critical online applications or services could be taken down in under a day by a criminal renting services from bot herders , ” said Rick Howard , director of intelligence at iDefense , in a statement .
Unfortunately , the easy access to botnets , as well as the emergence of more automated botnet software , has lowered the botnet barrier to entry for less technologically inclined or well - connected criminals .
In March , for example , Spanish police arrested the three alleged masterminds behind the Marisposa botnet , which ran undetected for six months , compromising more than 12 million PCs , many at blue - chip firms and banks .
“ Our preliminary analysis indicates that the botmasters did not have advanced hacking skills , ” Pedro Bustamante , senior research adviser with Panda Security , told the Guardian .
“ This is very alarming because it proves how sophisticated and effective malware distribution software has become , empowering relatively unskilled cyber criminals to inflict major damage and financial loss . ”
Mariposa may now be defect , but one of the most well - known botnet tools , Zeus , is still alive and well .
According to a recent report from managed security services provider SecureWorks , “ Zeus is sold in the criminal underground as a kit for around $ 3,000 - 4,000 , and is likely the one malware most utilized by criminals specializing in financial fraud . ”
Customize Zeus with numerous add - ons : virtual networking to take over an infected PC ( $ 10,000 ) , an upgrade for attacking Windows 7 or Vista ( $ 2,000 ) , Jabber IM broadcasting to receive stolen data in real time ( $ 500 ) , a Firefox form grabber ( $ 2,000 ) and a back - connect module for making financial transactions from an infected PC ( $ 1,500 ) .
Interestingly , the Zeus application also includes sophisticated anti-piracy features .
If the going rate for renting a botnet or buying the right software seems steep , antivirus vendor Sunbelt recently said that it ’s been tracking a Twitter - controlled botnet that can be used to launch DDoS attacks .
Dubbed TwitterNET
Builder , the tool -- available at no charge -- lets an attacker simply enter a Twitter username and hit “ build ” to generate the required malware .
Thankfully , the tool ’s reliance on public Twitter commands for control means that attackers get what they pay for .
“ We ’ve notified Twitter about this bot creation system , and they ’re looking into it , ” said Boyd .
In other words , do n’t try this at home .
Have a comment on this story ?
Please click " Discuss " below .
If you 'd like to contact Dark Reading 's editors directly , send us a message .
Image caption James Brokenshire has written to the organisers of summer festivals
Organisers of this summer 's music festivals have been asked by the government to warn about " legal highs " .
Minister for Crime Prevention James Brokenshire wrote to festival organisers asking them to warn people how such substances could be dangerous .
He also said drug laws would be changed so temporary bans could be introduced on " emerging substances " while scientific advice is sought .
Letters were also sent to councils and police forces in festival areas .
Mr Brokenshire said : " During the festival season we know that people may be tempted to try potentially dangerous new drugs , particularly when they are advertised as ' legal ' or ' herbal ' .
" That is why we are asking festival organisers and police to work with us to send out the message that these substances may not be safe and could contain illegal drugs .
" We are going to change our drug laws so we can respond quickly to emerging substances by introducing a temporary ban while we seek full scientific advice . "
' Protect the public '
Some drugs previously sold as " legal highs " have now been banned , including mephedrone , now a Class B drug .
The Home Office said that the drug naphyrone is branded as NRG1 and sold as " plant food " or " bath salts " , but may contain one or more illegal drugs .
The government said it will not permanently ban a substance without receiving full advice from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs .
In the letter sent to festival organisers , Mr Brokenshire said : " As part of your preparations for this year 's event I ask you to review the measures you have put in place to ensure that your festival is as safe an environment as possible , to help protect the public , especially young people from the potential harms and risks of all drugs . "
The government 's advice has been welcomed by Melvin Benn , managing director of Festival Republic , which stages the Latitude , Big Chill and Reading and Leeds Festivals .
He said : " I can confirm that we do not allow legal high traders to trade at any Festival Republic festival and fully support the minister 's view . "
Did you know that Scott Brown — the new star Republican Senator — was accused of harassing a female campaign worker in 1998 ?
We have the documents to prove it .
Did the Democrats blow an opportunity to keep their 60th Senate seat ?
In 2000 , Scott Brown was a freshman state representative in Massachusetts .
A few years earlier , he 'd served on the Wrentham , Mass .
Board of Selectmen .
Jennifer Firth , a local mortgage banker who was elected to the Board of Selectmen in 1999 , filed a civil defamation suit against Brown in July of 2000 , alleging that he had harassed her when she worked on his campaign in 1998 , and then tried to smear her reputation around town with forged letters and emails .
According to Firth 's complaint , Brown engaged in " offensive " conduct that caused her to quit his campaign ; he then tried to " defame and humiliate " her by spreading rumors to her colleagues that she " had made sexual advances " towards him during his campaign .
She also alleged that Brown told several people that he'd had an " intimate relationship " with her and that he had a stack of sexually explicit letters that Firth had sent him .
In her suit , Firth says that she 'd never been sexually intimate with Brown , nor did she ever send him the aforementioned letters .
A 2000 article in the local paper , the Sun Chronicle reported that Brown had denied the charges ; for her part , Firth said she felt that filing the suit was " the only way I could stop this . "
The case then took a strange turn .
Two days after the lawsuit was filed , Jennifer Firth 's lawyer , Harvey Schwartz , filed a motion to withdraw as her counsel , saying that " to the best of [ Schwartz 's ] knowledge , information and belief , the above allegations [ by Firth ] are not supported by ' good grounds . ' "
The next day , Jennifer Firth withdrew her suit .
It was dismissed with prejudice , which means it can never be re-filed .
Brown told a local newspaper that her lawyer had decided to withdraw after he was presented with letters and e-mail messages that proved she 'd been harassing Brown .
The day after she dropped her suit , Firth claimed she 'd done so because " her lawyer told her she was unlikely to win it . "
Firth 's story is certainly an odd one .
Why would she have gone to the trouble of filing a suit against Brown only to drop the case so soon afterward ?
And if Brown had any evidence to support his claim that it was Firth who had been harassing him , why did he never release it publicly ?
To be sure , it 's possible there was no merit to Firth 's case .
And it 's worth noting that Firth has had other brushes with controversy in her county .
But why did Democrats and members of the national press fail to even bring up the fact that Scott Brown had once been accused of sexual harassment and defamation in the myriad stories about him prior to Massachusetts ' special election in January ?
Google it .
The entire incident is conspicuously absent .
Consider the political stakes .
Coakley 's loss cost Democrats their 60th Senate seat , endangering a long list of President Obama 's political objectives such as health care reform .
Yet Martha Coakley , the state 's Democratic attorney general who ran against Brown , never mentioned the issue on the campaign trail , as far as we can tell .
Did the Coakley campaign look into the case and decide Firth 's claims were baseless ?
Did they miss it entirely ?
The Democratic leadership in Washington did not , as far as we can tell , raise the harassment claim at any point during the election , even though it could have been used to raise doubts about Brown in the lead up to what was a very close election .
Firth 's charges may have been baseless .
But many politicians have seen their political prospects damaged by far less than allegations contained in an actual lawsuit .
Why did n't White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel feed this to liberal media outlets in an effort to discredit Brown ?
Clearly , if the situation were reversed and it had been a Democrat in a high - profile special election who had a harassment and defamation suit in his past , the story would have been a talking point on Fox News for weeks .
We 've left messages for Senator Brown , Jennifer Firth , and her former lawyer Harvey Schwartz .
We 've yet to hear back from any of them .
DOCUMENTS : Firth 's complaint , her lawyer 's withdrawal , and the subsequent dismissal of the case .
[ Photos of Brown and Coakley via Getty Images ]
Norman Finkelstein and I have argued in emails about awful stuff Hamas did or did n’t do during the ’08-09 war .
I say they used human shields , Finkelstein says there ’s no evidence of this in the human - rights reports .
Though yes , he says , the reports show that they carried out revenge killings of collaborators .
Last week Finkelstein and I had a meal with a third friend and Finkelstein told some stories about his mother and father in the Warsaw Ghetto .
I ’d known that his parents were concentration camp survivors , I did n’t know they were in the Warsaw Ghetto .
I said , How do you feel when I say that Gaza reminds me of what I learned about the Warsaw Ghetto as a boy ?
Finkelstein said , I do n’t really have a problem with it .
My mother never said , " Do not compare . "
She always told about her experience not to keep it hers , but to embrace others with her suffering .
She did n’t see it as the unique property of the Jews .
That said , Finkelstein went on , I do n’t know that you have to compare Gaza to the Warsaw Ghetto .
It is its own situation , and its own horror .
Why not talk about each thing in its own right ?
We asked how Finkelstein had learned about his parents ’ experience , and he said it was when he was 8 and 9 .
The Holocaust was being explored in popular works , and his mother brought them home in the stack of books she got every week from the library in Brooklyn .
Leon Uris ’s Mila - 18 , John Hersey ’s The Wall .
Finkelstein looked up from the books to his prim mother , not believing she had been in such a place .
He related some of the shocking stories .
People dug catacombs to hide in with their bare hands .
No one had implements .
There were bodies littering the streets , and no one had anything to eat .
Anyone who had a gun used it .
The Jewish police were the worst collaborators .
Some brought the Nazis to their own parents .
When the head of the Jewish police was killed by the Jewish resistance , a sign was put next to him :
“ He lived like a dog , he died like a dog . ”
It is for this reason , Finkelstein said , that when I hear stories about desperate or vicious behavior in Gaza , I am loath to judge the resistance .
And he gave me a look .
[ I would urge all readers to read the first chapter of Finkelstein ’s own memoir , Haunted House ]
Well I got some cool ass shit :
beer goggles , Bottle opener , Skittles ... to accentuate my username Juggling balls
I live a pretty open life ( facebook privacy etc ... ) but it seems as if my giftee understands me .
Especially with the juggling balls .
I 'm always one to do different / crazy things at parties .
Juggling is my new challenge .
So I raise this Blue moon to you tonite , giftee .
You 've inspired a new talent that I can not put on a resume !
For almost two decades , Hollywood has tried unsuccessfully to turn Ayn Rand ’s 1100 page classic Atlas Shrugged into a feature film with actresses ranging from Angelina Jolie to Charlize Theron to Faye Dunaway .
John Aglialoro , the entrepreneur who 17 years ago paid $ 1 million to option the book rights , is tired of the futility and is taking matters into his own hands .
He ’s announced that he is financing a June 11 production start in Los Angeles for the first of what he said will be four films made from the book .
Aglialoro , who had a hand in writing the script by Brian O’Tool , is taking on this ambitious plan with an unproven director , and is weeks away from production without stars to play Dagny Taggart , Hank Rearden , John Galt and the other roles .
He ’s moving forward despite the conventional wisdom that without stars , it could ultimately be the audience that shrugged .
Aglialoro , CEO of exercise equipment manufacturer Cybex International and UM Holdings , would hardly be the only entrepreneur who uses his resources to make a picture happen , one in which he took on a creative role .
David Ellison , son of Oracle ’s Larry Ellison , made a co-financing deal with Paramount , and one of the first projects from his Skydance slate is the aviation thriller Northern Lights , which casts him as co-star .
Dan Pritzker , the billionaire son of Hyatt Hotels chain magnate Jay Pritzker , financed and directed a pair of jazz films : Bolden stars The Hurt Locker ‘s Anthony Mackie as pioneering horn player Buddy Bolden ; Louis is an honest to goodness silent film–with dialogue title cards and musical accompaniment–about the childhood of Louis Armstrong .
Pritzker is working on a plan to show the latter in venues with a live orchestra .
I saw the silent film and thought it was well made , but I have doubts Pritzker will sway the business from its 80 year infatuation with “ talkies . ”
Atlas Shrugged will be directed by Stephen Polk , an actor / producer whose father , Louis Polk , was once MGM chairman .
He considers Atlas Shrugged to be his feature directing debut , though Polk acknowledges he stepped in and helmed the 2008 indie Baggage .
Aglialoro was unavailable to speak directly , but sent a missive indicating that he ’s courting actresses like Theron and Maggie Gyllenhaal to play Taggart .
Sources in the camps of both actresses were aware of the project , but neither is planning to go to work on Atlas Shrugged next month .
Normally , when there is such a rush to begin production , it ’s to keep an option on material from expiring .
Polk said they are not intimidated to film a storied book even if stars do n’t align .
“ For more than 15 years , this has been at studios and there has been a whole dance around who ’ll play the iconic roles , ” Polk said .
“ Making it an independent film was the game - changer .
Everybody is saying , how can you shoot this movie without a star ?
We ’re shooting it because it ’s a good movie with great characters .
We ’ve been in pre-production for months , but kept it a mystery .
Part of the reason is because there ’s so much crap about how you need a great big budget and stars .
We are n’t looking for big names to trigger press or financing . ”
Polk said that the idea of cutting through the bureaucracy and just getting started is consistent with the book ’s themes of capitalism and taking entrepreneurial risk .
The story centers around Taggart , a railroad executive who watches society crumble around her as government takes control over industry and innovators begin to disappear .
Anglican bishops meet Vatican officials to plot ' cloak and dagger ' plan to convert to Catholicism
Leading bishops in the Church of England have secretly told Vatican officials they are ready to defect to Rome , it was claimed on Sunday .
Senior Anglican bishops met the Pope 's advisers for ' cloak and dagger ' talks about plans which would allow large numbers of clergy to convert to Catholicism .
Traditionalists have been angered over the introduction of women bishops , due to be debated at a crucial General Synod meeting in July .
Battlelines : Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , pictured ( right ) during a reception with Pope Benedict XVI last year , has urged Anglican bishops not to leave the church
A group of bishops travelled to Rome last week to hold face - to - face discussions with officials from the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , the most powerful department of the Vatican .
The Rt Rev John Broadhurst , the Rt Rev Keith Newton and the Rt Rev Andrew Burnham , the bishops of Fulham , Richborough and Ebbsfleet , discussed how clergy could convert to Catholicism , it was reported
The move is likely to raise tensions between the two churches , ahead of Pope Benedict 's visit to Britain in September .
One bishop was said to have compared the summit to ' a declaration of war ' .
More than 1,300 clergy have written to the Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , threatening to leave if women are consecrated as bishops .
The Church of England has voted in favour of female bishops but has yet to work out how the legislation will be implemented .
Plans for the Pope 's visit have already been mired in controversy because of the child abuse scandals and the leaked Foreign Office memo , suggesting Pope Benedict launch a condom range and visit an abortion clinic during his time here .
An email sent by Bishop Burnham earlier this year revealed the degree of secrecy surrounding the Vatican talks .
' It has all felt a little bit like Elizabethan espionage , ' he wrote .
' This is not known about fully in England and Wales ...
Hence the cloak and dagger .'
The Vatican opened the doors for Anglican clergy to convert last year , when it set out detailed plans to allow them to serve as Roman Catholic priests .
( CNN ) -- A 19 - year - old Pennsylvania woman sued her former high school Thursday , claiming school officials invaded her privacy and violated her free - speech rights when they confiscated her cell phone , found semi-nude photos stored inside and turned the phone over to authorities .
The federal lawsuit , filed by the American Civil Liberties Union , says looking at photos on the woman 's phone was like opening her mail or viewing private home videos .
" This search was much farther than what the law allows , " said Valerie Burch , an attorney for the ACLU of Pennsylvania .
" There was no reason to go looking for these pictures on her phone , and unless you have a very good reason , you can't go through someone 's private things .
We think it is a grave violation of her privacy . "
Tunkhannock Area School District officials said they were reviewing the complaint and declined to comment further Thursday .
The lawsuit alleges that the trouble began after a teacher confiscated the cell phone of the student , identified in the suit only as N.N. , when she broke school rules by making a call on campus in January 2009 .
She was later called to Principal Gregory Ellsworth 's office , suspended for three days and told that her cell phone had been turned over to authorities after Ellsworth found semi-nude and nude photos inside , the lawsuit says .
Wyoming County District Attorney George Skumanick Jr. later sent a letter to the school , the lawsuit alleges , threatening to bring child pornography charges against the student unless she completed a re-education course on sexual violence and victimization .
N.N. took the class out of fear that she would be prosecuted , the complaint claims .
Skumanick could not be reached for comment .
When other students at the same high school were caught allegedly sending nude and semi-nude photos on their cell phones last year , Skumanick gave them a similar choice : taking re-education classes or facing charges .
" An adult would go to prison for this , " Skumanick told CNN when discussing those incidents in 2009 .
" If you take the photo , you 've committed a crime .
If you send the photo , you 've committed a different crime , but essentially the same crime . "
The lawsuit says N.N. 's photos were never printed , distributed or uploaded on the Internet and were intended to be seen only by the student and possibly by her long - time boyfriend .
The lawsuit lists the Tunkhannock Area High School , Ellsworth , Skumanick , the teacher who confiscated the cell phone , a police detective , Wyoming County and several others as defendants .
In the lawsuit , N.N. says she wants damages , reimbursement for the re-education course she was required to take and the deletion of any stored copies of the photographs .
" We are aware of the lawsuit , and we do have an unofficial copy , but we have n't received any formal documentation .
We have been in contact with our solicitor , who will be handling the matter , and as such we will have no further public comment at this time , " Tunkhannock Area School District Superintendent Michael Healey told CNN .
Solicitor Frank Tunis said officials were reviewing the complaint but declined to comment further .
W hen the activists turned off the main highway at La Sabana , a hamlet within miles of their destination this past April 27th , gunmen under the orders of a local cacique ( rural boss ) Rufino Juarez , the " director " of a paramilitary group dubbed the UBISORT ( " United For Social Welfare In the Triqui Region " ) , and affiliated with outgoing governor Ulises Ruiz , turned their weapons on the caravan .
Many of the volunteers abandoned their vehicles and fled for their lives , taking refuge behind nearby rocks .
But Bety Carino , an indigenous activist and defender of native corn and one of the convoy 's organizers , fell under a hail of bullets .
Finnish solidarity worker Jyri Jaakkola immediately threw himself across Bety 's bleeding body , cradling her head in his hands but he too was cut down by the paramilitary fire .
The 33 year - old Jaakkola was the second international activist to be slain under the murderous regime of Governor Ruiz .
On October 27th 2006 , independent journalist and social justice advocate Brad Will was fatally shot by Ruiz 's police at a barricade just outside the state capitol .
At least 25 Mexicans were killed by Oaxaca security agents during the seven month - long 2006 uprising that was ignited by a police attack on striking teachers .
Inspired by the teachings of Ricardo Flores Magon , the Oaxaca - born anarchist and an ideologue of the 1910 Mexican revolution , Jyri Jaakkola traveled to Mexico in 2009 as a representative of a Finnish solidarity group to document human rights abuses in that conflictive southern state .
An anarchist himself , Jyri was much influenced by the writings of Murray Bookchin , the late Vermont - based social ecologist , and radical Brazilian educator Paulo Freire , whose counsel he took to heart when he sought to protect Bety Carino : " solidarity means to put oneself in the place of those that we act in solidarity with . "
International activists have journeyed to Mexico to align themselves with social change movements literally for centuries .
The Spaniard Javier Mina fought against the Crown for Mexico's Independence in 1821 .
The " San Patricios " , Irish - American volunteers , took up arms against the U.S. invasion of 1846 and were hung for their troubles .
U.S. writers John Reed and John Kenneth Turner were significant voices in the landmark Mexican revolution .
The governments that inherited the mantle of the revolution were often thin - skinned and did n't appreciate criticism by non-Mexicans .
Article 33 of the 1917 Mexican Constitution gave presidents fiat to deport any " extranjero " ( literally " stranger " ) whose stay in country they considered to be " inconvenient . "
The Italian - born U.S. photographer Tina Modotti was tossed out of Mexico in 1930 because of her affiliation with the Mexican Communist Party .
In a xenophobic rage during the most incandescent moments of the 1994 Zapatista rebellion in Chiapas , President Ernesto Zedillo ordered over 400 non-Mexican human rights observers deported , most of them North Americans , Italians , and Spaniards but at least a few Norwegians too .
An entire class of students from Evergreen College in Washington State were 33'd after accompanying the beleaguered farmers of San Salvador Atenco in the May 1st 2003 International Labor Day march .
Much as internationalists Rachel Corrie and Tom Hurndall were slain by the Israeli Army in Gaza , Jyri Jaakkola and Brad Will left their lives in the blood - drenched soil of Oaxaca .
Like the Israeli government , Ulises Ruiz washes his hands of all responsibility .
" Who knows what these blue - eyed visitors wanted ?
Did they come as tourists or to make trouble for us ? " he asked reporters after Jaakkola was murdered by his proxy gunsills .
State prosecutor Luz Candalaria Chinas is equally as suspicious of the outsiders ' intentions , echoing the Israeli government when she described the international volunteers as " troublemakers masquerading as humanitarian aid volunteers . "
San Juan Copala , the April 27th caravan 's destination , has been wracked by spasms of homicidal violence for decades .
The skein of killings stretches back to 1976 when popular community leader Luis Flores was assassinated by unknowns .
In March 1984 , Amnesty International sent a team into the Triqui region to probe 37 murders of indigenous activists .
Most of the victims were affiliated with the Unified Movement of Triqui Struggle or MULT , founded in 1981 to defend 13,000 hectares of woodlands from the depredations of mestizo caciques from nearby Putla de Guerrero .
The next year , the AI team published a report " Human Rights Abuses In Rural Mexico : Oaxaca and Chiapas " , the London - based organization 's first investigation into pandemic violence in southern Mexico .
The report documented " credible allegations " of extra-judicial killings , torture , police abuse , forced confessions , and the failure of authorities to investigate citizens ' complaints .
The AI document was instantly rejected by the Mexican government , then controlled by the Institutional Revolutionary Party or PRI .
Under - Secretary of State Victor Flores Olea ( now a columnist for the left daily La Jornada ) questioned Amnesty International 's " objectivity . " 25 years later , the governments of President Felipe Calderon and the much - maligned Oaxaca governor Ulises Ruiz have perpetuated this tradition by rejecting every subsequent Amnesty International alert to human rights abuses in the state on similar grounds .
Armed with the Amnesty report , I visited San Juan Copala in the spring of 1987 .
Tensions were running high .
Soldiers from the 28th Military Region , which had been linked to the slaughter of the MULT members , patrolled the dusty streets .
I met with the Council of Elders and compared the lists of the dead - 13 more had been added since the Amnesty International report was formulated .
Later , I climbed a hillside overlooking the town and snapped photos .
Abruptly , five soldiers burst out of the bushes and pointed their automatic weapons at my head .
Then they confiscated my camera ( I protested that I was only photographing some nearby chickens ) and escorted me up to the highway with a warning never to return to San Juan Copala .
Today , nearly a quarter century after the initial Amnesty International report , the death toll in the Triqui region has mounted to over 400 .
Ever-present tensions in the majority indigenous state of Oaxaca are exacerbated by upcoming July 4th elections to choose Ulises 's successor .
According to a consensus of polls , the outgoing governor 's hand - picked " gallo " ( rooster ) , Eviel Perez of the long - ruling PRI party , is running neck and neck with Gabino Cue , representing an unlikely coalition that includes both the left - center Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) and the right - wing PAN , Felipe Calderon 's party .
The PAN is widely believed to have stolen the 2006 presidential elections from Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , the PRD 's candidate .
Although the PRI ceded national power to the PAN in 2000 , it has continued to rule Oaxaca with an iron hand .
Electoral tensions reverberate in San Juan Copala .
During the stolen 2006 vote taking , some MULT leaders lined up behind the local Party of Popular Unity ( PUP ) , a puppet of the PRI designed to siphon off votes in indigenous regions from Lopez Obrador and his slate .
Soon after , the MULT split and on January 1st 2007 , the MULT - Independiente or MULT - I peacefully took power in Copala , declaring the Triqui village an autonomous municipality modeled on Zapatista " autonomias " in Chiapas .
Under provisions of the never - ratified San Andres Accords on Indigenous Rights & Culture negotiated between the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and the Mexican government in 1996 , majority Indian municipalities would be granted limited autonomy over land , habitat , exploitation of natural resources , the environment , education , health , and agrarian policies .
Authorities would be designated by traditional Indian uses and customs and not by political parties .
Self - declared autonomous communities in Chiapas , Guerrero , and Mexico state ( San Salvador Atenco ) have chronically been under the " mal gobierno's " ( " bad government 's " ) gun .
Since the MULT - MULTI split and the uptick in the aggressions of Ulises 's UBISORT , escalating violence has torn San Juan Copala asunder .
Marcos Albino , the human rights representative for the autonomous municipality , counts 25 fresh deaths in the last six months alone .
On May 26th , Timoteo Alejandro Ramirez and his wife Tleriberta , historic founders of the MULT who left the organization in 2006 to form the MULT - I , were murdered at their home in Yosoyuxi near the county seat of Copala .
The motives for the double killing remain murky .
Ramirez had been accused by political enemies of the disappearances of two Triqui sisters , 14 and 21 , whose families are associated with the MULT .
Other victims include two community broadcasters , Felicitas Martinez and Teresa Bautista , slain in April 2009 on the road to Copala .
Felicitas and Teresa , protégés of Bety Carino , had a popular call - in show on the local low - watt MULT - I station " The Voice That Breaks the Silence . "
Despite years of killing in Copala and a slew of Amnesty International human rights alerts , the federal government and the state of Oaxaca have declined to intervene to halt the violence .
" It is between them .
It is their silly uses and customs that is responsible for the killings .
Only the Triquis themselves can fix this up , " Oaxaca prosecutor Chinas argues .
The shocking violence in the Triqui zone and the murders of Bety Carino and Jyri Jaakkola has had national and international resonance .
In early June , the European parliament called upon Mexican president Felipe Calderon to open a through investigation into the deaths of the activists .
A new caravan was mounted led by a PRD congressional delegation .
Governor Ruiz immediately condemned the renewed effort to deliver humanitarian aid to San Juan Copala as outside interference in the upcoming gubernatorial elections .
On June 8th , 250 activists , many aligned with the Zapatistas ' Other Campaign but led by 15 PRD federal deputies , left Mexico City in a seven bus convoy for the 500 kilometer trip to San Juan Copala , hauling 30 tons of food , clothing , and medical supplies .
Both the Mexican military and the Oaxaca governor refused to provide protection - although AG Chinas promised the state would send agents to check the documents of international observers and warned the Caravanistas of the dangers they faced .
Once again , the activists refused to turn back and as in April , the convoy only got as far as La Sabana .
The road to Copala was blocked by large boulders .
A string of Triqui women under Rufino Juarez 's command and backed up by ski-masked paramilitaries with long guns refused to allow the buses to pass .
Shots were heard further down the valley .
State police who were keeping tabs on the buses bailed out right away .
The bus carrying the PRD deputies turned around and headed back to Mexico City , followed reluctantly by the Other Campaign activists .
As in the struggle to break the blockade of Gaza , the solidarity workers are not throwing in the towel - a third all - women caravan is being planned .
The Israeli Navy 's May 31st massacre of nine Turkish pacifists carrying humanitarian supplies to Gaza has triggered a worldwide wave of indignation and Mexico City is no exception .
When , during the first week in June , a score of Mexicans gathered outside the Israeli embassy in the affluent western suburbs of this monster megalopolis , half the protestors were Triqui women dressed in their traditional bright red embroidered huipiles that make them look sort of like plump strawberries .
Behind the barricaded doors of their embassy , Israeli diplomats must have been baffled .
" What the Israeli government did to the activists bringing aid to Gaza is exactly what Ulisis and his paramilitaries did to us , " explained Marcos Espino , " we came here today to offer our solidarity with our brothers and sisters in Gaza .
A lot of our people have been killed too . "
John Ross is at home in the maw of the Monstruo watching the World Cup .
You can complain to him at This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Image caption Neil Gaiman has written an episode of Doctor Who for 2011
Writer Neil Gaiman has won the prestigious children 's fiction prize - the Cilip Carnegie Medal - for his fantasy tale The Graveyard Book .
The novel , about an orphaned boy brought up by ghosts , has scored a literary double , having also won the Newbery Medal - the US equivalent of the Carnegie .
Gaiman , who grew up in the UK but now lives in the US , is best known for the Sandman comic series and his novels Stardust and Coraline - which became big - screen hits .
He was inspired to write The Graveyard Book when his son rode into a graveyard on his tricycle .
The story echoes the plot of Rudyard Kipling 's The Jungle Book , in which orphan Mowgli who is brought up by animals in the jungle .
The Graveyard Book fought off competition from other shortlisted books by authors including Terry Pratchett and Philip Reeve .
' Worth the wait '
Gaiman said : " For my seventh birthday I was given a boxed set of the Narnia Books by CS Lewis .
The last of them , The Last Battle , had the words ' Winner of the Carnegie Medal ' on it .
I did not know what the Carnegie Medal was , but I knew it was something important .
" It was the first literary award I had ever heard of .
And if the Narnia books had won it , then it had to be the most important literary award there ever was . "
Gaiman said he had first started writing The Graveyard Book at the age of 25 .
" And now I 'm almost 50 , it was worth the wait , " he said .
Margaret Pemberton , chair of the judges , said : " With great skill Gaiman has created a gripping page - turner , expertly supported by well - developed characters , that is full of humour and humanity . "
Gaiman 's first children 's book was The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish ( 1997 ) .
He has also written an episode of the BBC TV series Doctor Who which is due to be filmed later this year and broadcast in 2011 .
The Carnegie Medal is awarded by children 's librarians for an outstanding book for children and young people .
It was set up in 1936 in memory of Scottish - born philanthropist Andrew Carnegie and was first awarded to Swallows And Amazons author Arthur Ransome for Pigeon Post .
The prize is a golden medal and £ 500 worth of books to donate to a library of their choice .
In 2007 , Philip Pullman 's Northern Lights was named the best children 's book of the past 70 years from a list of past winners of the Carnegie Medal .
Previous medal winners include Richard Adams for Watership Down in 1972 and Mary Norton for The Borrowers in 1952 .
A programme looking at the history of the prize , Carnegie Classics , is on BBC Radio 4 on Thursday 1 July at 1130 BST
Today , Facebook announced new privacy controls and settings in response to the tremendous public outcry over its April changes .
Here we explain step - by - step how to take advantage of the new settings and maximize your privacy on Facebook .
This is important because you must take affirmative steps to adjust your settings in order to take full advantage of the revised privacy practices .
While some information , such as your name , profile picture and gender , will remain publicly available , these steps are designed to provide as much privacy as Facebook 's new system allows .
Please enjoy our video , which goes through each of the steps detailed below .
%3Cobject%20 width%3D%22640%22%20height%3D%22505%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22movie%22%20value%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fv%2FTGkUA84ftYU%26amp%3Bhl%3Den_US%26amp%3Bfs%3D1%26amp%3Brel%3D0%3Fautoplay%3D1%26mute%3D1%22%20%2F%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22allowFullScreen%22%20value%3D%22true%22%20%2F%3E%3Cparam%20name%3D%22allowscriptaccess%22%20value%3D%22always%22%20%2F%3E%3Cembed%20src%3D%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fv%2FTGkUA84ftYU%26amp%3Bhl%3Den_US%26amp%3Bfs%3D1%26amp%3Brel%3D0%3Fautoplay%3D1%26mute%3D1%22%20type%3D%22application%2Fx-shockwave-flash%22%20allowscriptaccess%3D%22always%22%20allowfullscreen%3D%22true%22%20width%3D%22640%22%20height%3D%22505%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3C%2Fembed%3E%3C%2Fobject%3E
Privacy info .
This embed will serve content from youtube.com
Step by Step to Maximize Privacy
First , log in to Facebook .
Click on the " Account " pull down menu in the top right corner , and select " Privacy Settings . "
Facebook is rolling out these changes gradually , and not all users will have the new options right away .
If you see " Choose Your Privacy Settings " on the top of the privacy settings page , then congratulations , you have the new privacy options .
Otherwise , you will have to wait until the rollout reaches you .
In the interim , you can follow our previous instructions to opt- out of Instant Personalization .
Basic Directory Information
Start with the Basic Directory Information .
Click on " View Settings " at the end of the second line .
The Basic Directory Settings control how your friends , exes , enemies , government agents and everyone else might find you on Facebook .
To lock down your account , set all of these to the maximum privacy available — Friends Only , except for " Send me friend requests , " which must be Friends of Friends or higher .
Note that even if you select Friends
Only for the " See my friend list , " setting , " [ your ] friend list is always available to applications and your connections to friends may be visible elsewhere . "
Click on Back to Privacy when you are done .
Sharing on Facebook
Next , you will need to set your Sharing on Facebook preferences .
To maximize privacy , click on the Friends Only tab , which will make the all available settings switch to Friends
Only with one more click of the " Apply These Settings " confirmation button .
Facebook promises to keep these settings sticky , so that future changes will default to the privacy level you select here .
However , many users will want to customize to reflect their individual tastes .
If you customize , the default for future features will be Facebook 's recommended setting .
To customize , click on " Customize settings . "
This brings up a new page , where the setting for each element of your profile can be tuned individually .
You should review these settings , and modify any that you would like to share more widely than Friends Only .
At the bottom of the first section , you will see another link , " Edit album privacy for existing photos . "
Click this to modify your photo settings on an album - by - album basis .
Click the back button in your browser to return to the customization page , and complete your review .
When finished , click Back to Privacy to return the main page .
Applications and Websites
Click on " Edit your settings " under Applications and Websites , in the lower left region of the Privacy page .
This brings you to the application page , which has several submenus .
First , check your " Game and application activity " setting , which should be Friends
Only if you 've followed the instructions so far .
Next , to control what happens to your information when your friends sign up for an app or website , click the first Edit Settings button .
Uncheck all the boxes that show up in the dialog box .
Note that " your name , profile picture , gender , networks and user ID ( along with any other information you 've set to everyone ) is available to friends ' applications unless you turn off platform applications and websites . "
Save changes and click Okay .
The next setting controls Instant Personalization , the controversial program by which your information is shared with Yelp , Pandora and Microsoft by default .
To opt out , click " Edit Settings . "
Scroll to the bottom and deselect the check box .
Click Confirm .
Click Back to Applications .
Public search sets when search engines like Bing or Google can find your on Facebook .
" Edit Settings " brings up a new page .
If you have followed these instructions , " Enable public search " should be off already .
After confirming that public search is not enabled , click Back to Applications .
Even with these settings , Platform applications can still see the information Facebook deems public — name , profile picture , gender , etc — even if you deselected everything in the " Info accessible through your friends " control .
To more fully protect your information , you can choose to turn off all platform applications .
However , the consequence is that you cannot use any platform applications , and you may lose data held by apps that you delete .
There is currently no option to block all applications except the ones you choose .
If you want the most protection and do not want to continue to use any Facebook apps , click on " Turn off all platform applications . "
You will see the apps that you will lose , and must select all of them before you can click the button to Turn Off Platform .
Congratulations , you 've now maximized your privacy settings on Facebook .
If you have any trouble following these instructions , please contact Facebook 's technical support .
And if you find this tutorial to be useful , consider supporting our work to help protect your privacy online .
Position : Center
Age : 18
Date of Birth : April 24 , 1992
Place of Birth : Toronto , ON , CAN
Ht : 6 - 0 Wt : 178
Shoots : Right
Tyler Toffoli is a center for the Ottawa 67's of the Ontario Hockey League .
A real player in the OHL , he averaged better than a point per game in the 2009 / 10 season .
He was the second leading scorer for his team .
When entering the OHL he was drafted two spots ahead of Tyler Seguin .
In an interview with NHL.com , he lets us in on some of his " favorites . "
Shootout move : short , low - side
Player : Dany Heatley
Goal celebration : " Whatever comes to mind "
He is ranked 16th among North American Skaters according to Central Scouting .
2009 /2010 Regular Season Stats :
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 65 37 42 79 25 54
Scouting Report ( Central Scouting ) :
" Is not very big in stature for his Ottawa team , but he makes up for that in skill and effort .
He 's got 79 points in his 65 games played .
He 's got an NHL release and incredible accuracy with his shot .
An equal threat whether he 's dishing the puck or shooting the puck himself . "
Why he'd be a good fit in Columbus :
I could see Columbus drafting Toffoli but not with the # 4 overall pick .
His size is a bit concerning , but he 's still growing .
The most intriguing part about him is his shot .
His coach gave him a lot of credit for being able to create and finish plays .
The center position is a concern , as we all know , and his playmaking ability could elevate the Columbus Blue Jackets , but I do n't see him being drafted by Scott Howson .
Toffoli in Action :
Toffoli taking on Adam Sedlak of the Peterborough Petes .
This is the first time I 've ever seen a fighter try to pick up , and body slam his opponent .
Toffoli's " NHL ready " shooting ability .
If your on about the theme tune this is it in full : Les : Going down to south park gonna have myself a time !
Stan and Kyle : Friendly faces everywhere !
Humble folks without temptation !
Les : Going down to south park gonna leave my woes behind !
Cartman : Ample parking day or night !
People spouting " Howdy neighbor ! " Les : Headin ' on down to south park gonna see if i can't unwind !
Kenny : Mountain towns folk with big hearts !
Come celebrate in South Park !
Les :
So come on down to south park and meet some friends of mine !
( Kenny : I like girls with sexy titties , I love girls with big vaginas ! )
Seasons 1 - 6 I hope this helped !
Watch our 2 minute video that details the steps to guaranteed funding .
How It Works
1 Prove you can profit
Demonstrate that you have a winning strategy for the futures market .
2 Show you can manage risk
Establish consistency with your trading style to prove our capital is safe in your hands .
3 Earn a funded futures trading account
You keep the first $ 5,000 in profits and then 80 % after that .
Above is video that International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) volunteer Bianca Zammit shot up until the time she was shot by the Israeli military during a nonviolent protest in Gaza .
The demonstration opposed an Israeli - imposed buffer zone that is having a devastating effect on farmers in Gaza who are now no longer able to work their land .
Protesters report that Israeli soldiers fired live ammunition at the protesters at point blank range .
In addition to Zammit , 22 - year old Hind Al Akra was shot in the stomach and 18 - year old Nidal Al Naji was shot in the leg .
All three are now in stable condition .
More from the ISM :
' It 's the best sex , the most delicious meal , the most engrossing book … '
A former addict confesses all
This article has been removed as our copyright has expired .
• Some names have been changed .
This is an edited extract from Portrait Of An Addict As A Young Man , by Bill Clegg , published by Jonathan Cape on 10 June at £ 12.99 .
£ 12.99 . © Bill Clegg 2010 .
To order a copy for £ 11.99 ( including UK mainland p&p ) , go to theguardian.com / bookshop or call 0330 333 6846 .
We knew we were going to see the new Legend of Zelda at this year 's E3 Nintendo press conference , but we were n't sure how long they 'd tease us with it .
Luckily , it was the first thing we saw when they opened the show -- nice job not teasing for long there , Nintendo ! -- and we finally got a title : The Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword .
Why the focus on Sword in the title ?
Well , maybe it's because the Wiimote and Nunchuk is actually Link 's sword and shield .
Taking advantage of the MotionPlus technology , you do things like hold your sword ( Wiimote ) up in the air to charge it .
We saw Miyamoto use the " sword " and " shield " to fight an Octorok .
Even going through your items is organic -- you move the Wiimote around to navigate an item wheel ( see the gallery for more photos ) .
Of course , it 's not just the sword and shield that engages you with the Wiimote -- it 's everything .
We also saw the whip used in the same way .
The game will be on the show floor this year and be released in 2011 , so we have a while to wait yet , but we will bring you further coverage of it very soon .
It looks incredible .
What do you think of this full motion control action ?
Yay or nay ?
Be sure to keep an eye on our Nintendo E3 press conference liveblog for more news coming your way !
Click to open photo gallery :
A Republican - held Congress might look to raise the retirement age to 70 , House Minority Leader John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE ( R - Ohio ) suggested Monday .
Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime
House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE , the top Republican lawmaker in the House , said raising the retirement age by five years , indexing benefits to the rate of inflation and means - testing benefits would make the massive entitlement program more solvent .
ADVERTISEMENT
" We 're all living a lot longer than anyone ever expected , " Boehner said in a meeting with the editors of the Pittsburgh Tribune - Review .
" And I think that raising the retirement age — going out 20 years , so you 're not affecting anyone close to retirement — and eventually getting the retirement age to 70 is a step that needs to be taken . "
The GOP leader said Social Security was the most important entitlement to reform , though he also pledged Republicans would bring legislation to the floor to repeal and replace the healthcare reforms passed earlier this year if the GOP wins back control of the House this fall .
But Boehner also floated several other reforms to Social Security , paired with raising the retirement age , to make it more solvent .
Boehner said benefits should be tied to increases in the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) instead of wage inflation , and he suggested reducing or eliminating benefits to Americans with a " substantial non-Social Security income " while retired .
" We just need to be honest with people , " he said .
" I 'm not suggesting it 's going to be easy , but I think if we did those three things , you 'd pretty well solve the problem . "
Republicans have made cutting spending and reforming entitlement programs a key part of their 2010 campaign message .
“ The choice this year could not be clearer .
While Democrats are fighting to create jobs and stand up for seniors , middle class families , and small businesses , Republicans are fighting for Wall Street and to bring back the same policies that caused the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , " said Ryan Rudominer , the national press secretary for House Democrats ' campaign committee .
Watch the entirety of Boehner 's explanation below :
Updated 2:41 p.m.
On Friday , June 4th , Vancouver was the recipient of Dr. Deepak Chopra – quantum mystic , magic thinker , and purveyor of high - quality woo .
In the interest of promoting the cause of evidence - based science and thought , skeptics from Vancouver ’s chapter of the Center for Inquiry were on hand to engage the audience on their way into the event .
We were armed with flyers ( which can be seen here ) , and voices of reason .
For more background on the event , you are invited to read the pre-event coverage from this blog .
Why were we there ?
To answer this question , I think it ’s worthwhile to mention a couple of things we were n’t there to do .
We were not there simply to tell Dr. Chopra he is wrong ; while he undoubtedly is wrong , it ’s not exactly productive to shout that at people who are willing to part with $ 100 + dollars to hear the man speak .
Besides , why should anyone believe us just on our say - so ?
We were not there to smugly tell people that they are stupid for going to see Chopra speak ; people are often willing to listen to leaders who sound like they have answers .
If nobody challenges those answers , or the leaders are convincing enough , it ’s easy to get caught up .
Most likely the people who attend Dr. Chopra ’s shows are n’t any more stupid than your average cross-section of humankind .
We were not there to ‘ convert ’ anyone to skepticism , or convince them to abandon their tickets and do something else ; most people are skeptics in one sphere of their life or another – it ’s how we discern truth from lies .
The problem is that people do n’t necessarily apply the rules of skeptical inquiry to all aspects of their life , and are happy to accept some things on faith rather than looking for evidence .
What we were there to do is to try and engender a little bit of cognitive dissonance in members of the audience .
What we were there to do is try and encourage people to keep their thinking caps on while listening to Dr. Chopra ’s ideas , and to ask “ does this really make sense ? ”
What we were there to do is demonstrate bodily that it is not okay to invent supernatural explanations for the important questions in life and then sell those as snake - oil cures to people who honestly thirst for knowledge and answers to the mysteries of the universe , and that there will always be people who will insist that claims about the world must be substantiated by evidence , not circular reasoning and invocations of unobservable phenomena .
What did we do ?
An hour before the show was scheduled to start , members of CFI Vancouver , UBC and SFU Skeptics , and a few skeptical friends met at the Vancouver Public Library to gear up for the event .
We had printed about 800 flyers , and had a few choice quotes wherein Dr. Chopra made specific claims about the natural world , the human body , or other physical phenomena that were demonstrably false .
Dressed in our finest skeptical attire , we hit the sidewalk outside the Queen Elizabeth Theatre , site of Dr. Chopra ’s presentation .
Since there are a number of possible entrances to the theatre , and we did n’t want anyone to miss out on the chance of getting a flier , we spread ourselves out along the sidewalk in small groups .
Our strategy was simple : ask people if they were on their way to the show .
If they were , we asked if they would n’t mind talking to us for a couple of minutes before going in .
We put a flier in their hands , and briefly explained what we were doing there – namely , asking them to think very carefully about some of the things they were about to hear .
We were careful to be as respectful and polite as possible , wanting to avoid the association of anti-choice activists protesting outside of abortion clinics .
Nobody was harassed , intimidated ( as if anyone was intimidated by a pack of nerds ) or assaulted – merely annoyed for a moment .
How did it go ?
It ’s hard to say definitively what impact , if any , we made on the crowd .
We did n’t hold out any great hope that we ’d cause a wholesale changing of minds , or cause a surge of skeptical thought to bloom in the audience on the weight of our hastily - assembled fliers with cherry - picked quotes and facts .
To be perfectly honest , we were half expecting to be instructed to leave the premises by angry security guards .
What we instead saw was that most people , when handed a flier , took one and glanced over it .
Some people gave it a cursory look , folded it up and put it into a pocket or a purse .
Some laughed derisively ( “ do n’t these fools realize that there is more to the world than what can be observed and measured with evidence ? ” ) and threw them away .
One particularly offended young woman tore hers into pieces .
Some handed them back to us with a disgusted look – I had a couple immediately turn and walk away the moment I said the words ‘ think critically ’ .
A very small subset of the audience members took the time to enter into a dialogue with us about the things we were saying .
Again , we were very careful to be deferential and respectful of people , even though we disagreed with their ideas .
There is a time for polemic , and this probably was n’t it .
Most of those who spoke to us were very smugly dismissive of the idea that science could be based on observation of real - world phenomena .
I foolishly took the bait with my first interlocutor when he asked me if I thought that was solid ground I was standing on .
I foolishly allowed him to take me down the quantum path ( and what are molecules made of ?
Okay , and what is energy ? ) until I was n’t able to give him a satisfactory explanation of the fundamental components of the universe , at which point he smirked and said “ so there you go ” and walked off .
My moment to be smug came a few minutes later when I directed him and his wife to the entrance – the fact that matter is mostly empty space is n’t much of a consolation when you ca n’t transport yourself through a locked door .
What I should have said was “ it does n’t really matter what I believe I ’m standing on .
Let ’s look at the evidence and see what it says . ”
I was more prepared for my second encounter with a man who immediately accused us of raping Native people and destroying the land on behalf of the pharmaceutical companies .
I pointed out to him that not only were we not there representing any large corporation or business interest , but the very fact that we were alive to have the conversation was at least in part due to the fact that disease and disability are no longer widespread concerns in this country .
This is not a picture of him , but of someone else who was talking to us because he did n’t have a strong opinion for or against Dr. Chopra and wanted to know what all the fuss was about :
I ’d like to share a couple of my favourite moments from the event .
For some reason , I was wildly unsuccessful in giving away fliers .
Everyone I tried to give one to either handed it back or , once they found out what it was , refused to take one .
As a result , I spent most of my time checking on morale and observing what was going on .
I saw a woman tearing up her flier , at which point her husband made a dismayed sound and ran back to a CFI team member and asked for another one – we think he did n’t want to be there to begin with .
The highlight of my evening was probably meeting Chris , a young ( ~25 y ) Deepak fan who decided to figure out what we were all about .
He asked us to produce a quote where Dr. Chopra said anything even remotely close to what we were claiming he represented .
Our quote sheet was immediately thrust into my hand , and I supplied him with a line from Dr. Chopra in which he claims that all cells are immediately aware of every other cell in the body , and the universe at large ( a gross misrepresentation of cell - cell signaling pathways ) .
Chris immediately demanded that I prove that it was 100 % false , and that it could n’t possibly be true .
This time , however , I was prepared .
I asked Chris is anything could be 100 % true to his satisfaction – Chris immediately informed me that it was impossible to know anything .
I asked Chris to give me all of the money in his wallet , since he did n’t know if it was there or not .
When Chris balked , I suggested that maybe a more reasonable standard than 100 % certainty was possible and believable .
It was very refreshing to converse with someone like Chris who was , despite their extreme rarity , one of those people who may believe in woo but is willing to concede a logical point .
Where we left the conversation ( so Chris could get to his seat before the show started ) was that in cases where it does n’t matter if you ’re wrong – is there an underlying consciousness in the universe that we ca n’t understand ?
– then it was maybe not the worst thing in the world if you make up supernatural explanations ; however , in matters of life and death , we deserve evidence to back up any claims .
Chris said that he ’d attend our next “ Skeptics in the Pub ” meeting and we ’d pick up the conversation there .
Of course , the highlight of everyone ’s night was when Deepak Chopra himself took a flier on his way into the theatre , read it , turned around , walked back over to the group and engaged in a pseudo - friendly discussion with our chapter head , Ethan .
Say what you want about the man , but Deepak Chopra is not a coward – an intellectual midget definitely , but he was happy to come and talk to us without being angry or trying to drive us away … although he did suggest that skeptics were “ too chickenshit ” to debate him .
I suggested that he cancel his talk and we would debate him in front of the audience ; he did n’t seem to think that was a particularly good idea .
Concluding thoughts
Overall , it ’s hard to say how the event went .
We gave out almost all of the fliers , the majority of which were read and not immediately destroyed .
I ’m sure a kung - woo master like Dr. Chopra was able to immediately paint us as angry malcontents stubbornly standing as obstacles on the road to scientific progress .
It was for this reason that we did n’t carry protest signs and picket , and that we happily and politely answered questions .
Most people do n’t know skeptics , especially in a woo - friendly city like Vancouver .
It was important , therefore , that they see us as we ’d like to think we are – a bunch of nerds who are fundamentally happy people , but who believe that tough questions deserve real answers .
I do n’t know if there was a Q&A session , or if anyone in the audience piped up with a skeptical query .
I doubt it .
Again , our purpose was not to immediately change minds or “ debunk ” Dr. Chopra .
Our goal was merely to put the tools for skepticism – facts and cognitive dissonance – into the hands of the audience .
I hope at least some people walked away from the show thinking “ I need to check the answers against facts . ”
Meeting people like Chris – people who are reasonable enough to accept a logical argument even if it does n’t completely change their minds – gives me hope that maybe there can be progress made against even the woo - master himself .
UPDATE : Thanks to PZ Myers for posting this on his blog .
Nathan Baca and Sharron Angle have both encountered Scientology in the past .
When Mr. Baca was working for KESQ Palm Springs , that station did a series of programs focusing on the Scientology compound in Riverside County , County Supervisor Jeff Stone , and other Scientology - related stories that the Riverside media chose to ignore .
Sharron Angle is a member of the National Foundation of Women Legislators , a Scientologist - infested organization that introduces people like Sharron to people like Joy Westrum , the president of a Scientology front group called Second Chance .
Sharron Angle introduced Second Chance to the Nevada legislature in 2003 .
Legislators were offered a free trip to see Second Chance operating in a Mexican prison in Ensenada .
The program has since been terminated due to questionable success rates .
Under the program , inmates receive sauna and massage treatments for extended periods of time .
Only 10 percent of the inmates who enter the program return to drugs , Angle said .
Nevada 's legislature turned down the program .
New Mexico did not .
The whole Second Chance program blew up last year , ending with Second Chance personnel sneaking out of their leased facility in the middle of the night , taking some large appliances with them .
For several days , a few inmates were unaccounted for .
They eventually were " found " back at the facilities they 'd originally come from .
This article notes that Second Chance still owes over $ 600,000 to the city , the IRS , utility bills and rent .
Yet Sharron Angle still supports the program .
The theories behind the " detoxification " program have been reviewed and dismissed as potentially dangerous junk science , " based on the teachings of L. Ron Hubbard , " a college dropout and pulp fiction writer .
Compared with her plans to do away with the EPA , Medicare and Social Security , Ms. Angle 's support of a Scientology front group seems unimportant .
However , New Mexico nearly voted to give Second Chance a $ 3 million dollar windfall of public money !
Ten percent of that goes right up the money chute to the Scientology organization for licensing fees and other costs of doing business through them .
Once the Scientology organization figures out a way to clamp on to the public teat , they 'll be rolling in our tax dollars .
This is n't likely to happen , because most politicians take their jobs a little more seriously than Sharron Angle and her moonbat Scientology quack therapy .
She was provided with information about the Second Chance program , its link to Scientology and the crackpot theories and the unlicensed practice of medicine by unqualified Second Chance personnel .
Rather than listen to doctors and rehab experts , she chose to rely instead on the overblown hype provided to her by the nice Scientologists .
Her other outrageous and attention - getting rhetoric is simply her , pandering to the Teabaggers .
Sharron Angle and Second Chance demonstrates a crucial lack of responsibility for her constituents and prison inmates alike .
And this is the important thing .
She will not research what she endorses .
She is willing to support a completely fraudulent Scientology therapy and get it funded with public money .
And Scientology has a bunch more front groups dedicated to human rights , getting kids to sign drug pledges , publishing ' The Way to Happiness ' booklets ... it's a never - ending flood of gaping Scientology maws , replicating , renaming , and all ravenous for funds .
LAS VEGAS --
If fans are thinking about bringing the spirit of the World Cup to the Ultimate Fighting Championship in the form of a vuvuzela , forget about it .
UFC president Dana
White says Wednesday that vuvuzelas -- the beehive - sounding noisemakers that have become famous during soccer 's biggest event -- are being banned at MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on Saturday .
That 's when heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar will fight interim belt holder Shane Carwin .
" This decision was pretty simple , " White said .
" Vuvuzelas make the most horrific sound I 've ever heard .
I 'd rather let Brock punch me in the face than hear 15,000 people blow on those things .
" This is the biggest heavyweight fight we 've ever done .
We 'll make enough noise this weekend when Brock and Shane finally step inside the Octagon . "
The ANC Youth League ( ANCYL ) has called on the youth to vandalise the City of Cape Town over poor service delivery .
“ We are going to destroy everything and make the city ungovernable , ” ANCYL Dullah Omar regional secretary Loyiso Nkohle said on Tuesday .
“ We are calling on all youth to do this [ vandalise the city ] , especially those living in informal settlements . ”
Nkohle ’s deputy Chumile Sali said the ANCYL was doing this to expose those parts of the city where the Democratic Alliance had failed to deliver services .
On Monday , ANCYL members and community leaders led residents in the destruction of toilet enclosures the city council had erected hours earlier .
They also taunted mayor Dan Plato .
“ The African people ’s dignity has been undermined by the DA .
It is time to take action , ” said Sali , denying that the ANCYL was promoting violence .
Regional treasurer Andile Lili said the ANCYL did not intend being violent , but was being forced to by the city .
The ANCYL Dullah Omar branch had written an open letter to Human Settlements Minister Tokyo Sexwale asking him to intervene in the toilet debacle .
“ Our complaint is based on the reality that African people residing in Makhaza , Khayelitsha , are forced to shit in full view of the public , ” the ANCYL wrote .
“ This satanic action by the city council is tantamount to gross human rights violations and undermines the people ’s right for their dignity to be protected as stipulated in Section 10 of the Constitution . ”
The ANCYL said it lodged a complaint against the city with the South African Human Rights Commission in January , but had not yet received a response .
It would not wait for Sexwale ’s response to proceed with its plan of action .
The ANCYL said that in 2007 the city built a toilet for each household in the Makhaza area , but the householder was responsible for erecting an enclosure around the toilet .
However , since 2008 , about 50 Makhaza families had been relieving themselves in full view of the public .
The ANCYL said it was unhappy with the corrugated metal sheets the city had used to build enclosures around the toilets and wanted concrete instead .
Plato told the Cape Times on Monday that he had recently met with the ANCYL and community leaders and they had agreed to tell residents that open toilets would be enclosed .
He said the corrugated metal sheets used to enclose them were not inferior to the material people had used to build the homes they were living in and that if people wanted to destroy the new
structures he would “ walk away ” .
– Sapa
Paul Thomas Anderson is working on a film , working title The Master to star Philip Seymour Hoffman as a L. Ron Hubbard analogue :
Let ’s look at what we know about the P.T. Anderson project .
It centers around a man ( Philip Seymour Hoffman , the only name currently attached to the film ) who starts a faith - based organization that becomes popular in 1952 America — exactly the year L. Rob Hubbard expanded his Dianetics self - help system and established the Church of Scientology .
The film explores “ The Master ’s ” relationship with a young drifter named Freddie who joins the fold and becomes his Number 2 officer , only to later question both the faith and its figurehead in later years — something plenty of high and low ranking Scientologists alike have done over the years , many publicly denouncing the organization on their way out .
The Master employs interrogation - style psychotherapy procedures not unlike the “ audit ” process basic to Scientology , and spends time living in seclusion with his inner circle on a ship , which Hubbard himself did in the 1960s . [… ]
More recently , trade paper Production Weekly reported that Reese Witherspoon had been offered a role in The Master ; The Wrap ’s Deal Central speculated she would play Mary Sue , the young , pregnant wife of Hoffman ’s character .
Mary Sue Whipp , of course , was the name of Hubbard ’s much younger third wife who became involved in Dianetics in the 1950s and helped him run his Scientology empire .
The role of The Master ’s daughter is also being cast , with Amanda Seyfried , Emma Stone , and Deborah Ann Woll rumored to be in the running .
Also linked to the project is Jeremy Renner , who had been up for the role of Freddie , though his involvement is as yet unconfirmed .
The overwhelming evidence of what went wrong to create the housing bubble is irrefutable .
It is clear that allowing buyers to purchase a home with little to no documentation was a bad idea .
So why continue doing this today ?
It was abundantly obvious that zero down or low down mortgages was a recipe for disaster .
Yet we are still encouraging low down payment loans today .
It is also clear that allowing Wall Street free reign on the housing and credit markets has created the largest credit bubble in history .
Then why allow them to continue as usual as if nothing has happened over the last decade ?
The reasons for the housing market are clear to most Americans for obvious reasons .
Manias usually cloud judgment and get the better of those who are blinded by greed .
But typically , after a mania lessons are learned and new enforcement is placed in the market .
None of that has occurred even in the middle of our Great Recession .
I believe there are three main culprits to the housing bubble .
From Wall Street to government encouragement , the housing bubble was allowed to expand to unprecedented heights because of a psychological shift in our society .
Yet many of these problems still persist today .
If we look back at how much buying power Americans had during the housing boom , it is astounding :
Source : T2 Partners
The buying power of Americans during the boom was incredible .
Unprecedented in the history of home buying in our country .
Much of this was allowed and fostered by Wall Street who had an insatiable demand for home mortgages regardless of quality .
In 2000 , a family making $ 60,000 was able to purchase an $ 180,000 home and that would be stretching their budget .
At the height in 2006 this same family making the same income now had the ability to buy a $ 500,000 home ( i.e. , buying with an option ARM with no documentation ) .
Now it should be apparent that a family making $ 60,000 ( close to the median income in the United States ) should never be able to buy a $ 500,000 home .
But this happened tens of thousands of times over .
What led us down that path ?
Issue # 1 – Real estate psychology
Consider it the perfect storm of savvy marketing , easy Wall Street money , and the belief that everyone should be rich .
I remember listening to an audio CD about personal wealth and the front cover of the book stated that it would talk about 10 “ investors ” and how they made incredible wealth in a short amount of time .
The book was pushed as a financial book but it was really a real estate sales piece .
Every story was about real estate .
In fact , most of the stories were from people in Florida and the book was published in 2006 .
What has happened to Florida real estate since that time ?
Source : Palm Beach Post
The market went tumbling down .
How leveraged were these people ?
Just query real estate wealth building books on Amazon and you ’ll see hundreds of these books .
This literature shifted the psychology of Americans and made it seem so easy that anyone could be a “ Rich Dad ” and make big money with little effort .
The media with shows like Flip this House made it seem glamorous to be a real estate flipper .
Some of the cases presented in these books would go like this : “ So you want to be rich ?
All you need to do is buy a home with zero down .
Let us say you buy a home for $ 300,000 .
With current appreciation rates , you ’ll be able to sell it in one year for $ 400,000 .
A $ 100,000 profit in one year with nothing down !
When will you save this much from working ?
Rinse repeat and you ’ll be a millionaire in no time . ”
In many places including California , Florida , Nevada , and Arizona , this formula worked for 5 to 7 years depending on which market we are looking at .
As Pavlov demonstrated through his experiments , this kind of positive reinforcement can have deep changes to psychology .
Yet it was all unsustainable but Wall Street provided the ammunition to make this bigger .
Issue # 2 – Zero down payment
The idea of zero down should be offensive to your senses .
How can you purchase the biggest item of your life with nothing down ?
For most of our home buying history in the U.S. a down payment was always needed .
A down payment was your initiating passage into buying a home .
It was a fire walk that we all had to go through .
But Wall Street with 30 to 1 and at times 40 to 1 leverage , decided that average Americans should have this same kind of buying ( i.e. , gambling ) power .
The first that I remember about zero down started in the 1980s infomercial circuit .
Now this was usually a very tiny niche market where heavy marketing and self promotion allowed some people to create really creative deals that were nothing down .
But this was not mainstream at all .
It was a fringe idea relegated to the wee hours of the night .
Yet starting in 2001 , when Former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan dropped the Fed funds rate to 1 % , the fun all started .
As you can see from the above chart , zero down started spiking about a year after this rate drop .
Wall Street did not waste any time pushing this out to market .
The apex of zero down occurred in 2006 when a stunning 17 % of all mortgage originations were zero down .
If we look at the Federal Reserve data , we can see the spark that lit the fire :
The Fed tried to stop this mess in 2005 but their Frankenstein had already been born .
Even if the Fed was pulling back Wall Street had no intention of stopping .
Issue # 3 – De-centralizing loan origination
An old adage in real estate is location is everything .
So how can a Bear Stearns investor in New York know anything about real estate in Kansas ?
Or about a shopping mall in Oklahoma ?
Another problem that occurred was the de-centralization of real estate lending .
Banks , mortgage brokers , and a network of lenders were allowed to make loans in their immediate area without being responsible for the quality of the loans they were pushing out .
This has now caused massive negative equity situations across the country :
One third of all U.S. mortgages are now underwater .
Why has this occurred ?
Again , removing down payments has taken away any buffer for price declines .
A 60 Minutes piece discussed strategic defaults .
Strategic defaults are a new phenomenon to this housing market .
What happens here is you have a person who is financially able to pay their mortgage but chooses not to do it .
In the past , you had a handful of “ ruthless defaulters ” but it was a tiny fraction .
The current estimate is 1 out of every 5 foreclosures is strategic .
So why is this now a problem ?
When you have no skin in the game , it is easy to walk away .
Just look at the option markets .
People place bets all the time and the only risk they have is the premium they pay .
If the option goes up in value , they sell or exercise and make money .
If not like most options , they simply allow it to expire worthless .
This is what happened with zero down and low down payment options .
There is little incentive for buyers to keep making payments on a severely underwater loan .
That should be obvious .
But today with FHA insuring nearly 4 out of 10 loans they only require down payment of 3.5 % .
And with the tax credit that just expired , many were able to buy their home with zero down .
The defaults as you would imagine are exploding even today :
Source : Calculated Risk
Problems keep growing in these markets and more money is being sunk into the government backed industries .
96.5 percent of all loans being made are government backed .
Do n’t you think that we should correct course with the above three items .
What should we propose then ?
- a . At least a 10 % down payment from cash savings for future buyers - b. Lenders are responsible for mortgages in their area .
A structure for hybrid markets should be created .
In other words , if a loan is good , both the government and the local lender share in the profits .
If it is bad , then both will suffer ( today only the government bails everything out ) .
- c. Break up the big Wall Street banks .
Home lending contrary to what Wall Street wants you to believe is not that complicated .
If incomes are verified and down payments are required , the market will find equilibrium quickly .
This has n’t occurred because Wall Street makes too much money by the current system .
They need to go back to a split between investment and retail banking .
The above are merely three main issues to tackle if we want to correct course .
Otherwise , we ’ll be setting ourselves up for problems again in a few short months .
In fact , some areas in California are already witnessing mini bubbles .
Do we want to repeat this all over again ?
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Follow us on Twitter !
Steve Jobs has weighed in on Apple 's new rule that iPhone and iPad applications must be “ originally written ” in C/C++/ Objective - C — a mandate that 's being seen as another sleight against Adobe Flash .
The response comes after an Adobe employee wrote a post telling Apple to " go screw yourself " .
Developer Greg Slepak claims to have emailed the Apple CEO about the situation , and posted the following thread .
Given that Steve does randomly reply to emails ( with characteristically curt responses ) , we 're going to assume this is legit :
GREG :
Hi Steve ,
Lots of people are pissed off at Apple ’s mandate that applications be “ originally written ” in C/C++/ Objective - C.
If you go , for example , to the Hacker News homepage right now :
http://news.ycombinator.com/
You ’ll see that most of the front page stories about this new restriction , with # 1 being : “ Steve Jobs Has Just Gone Mad ” with ( currently ) 243 upvotes .
The top 5 stories are all negative reactions to the TOS , and there are several others below them as well .
Not a single positive reaction , even from John Gruber , your biggest fan .
I love your product , but your SDK TOS are growing on it like an invisible cancer .
Sincerely , Greg
STEVE :
We think John Gruber ’s post is very insightful and not negative :
http://daringfireball.net/2010/04/why_apple_changed_section_331
Steve
GREG :
Sorry .
I did n’t catch that post , but I finished it just now .
I still think it undermines Apple .
You did n’t need this clause to get to where you are now with the iPhone ’s market share , adding it just makes people lose respect for you and run for the hills , as a commenter to that article stated :
“ So what Apple does not want is for some other company to establish a de facto standard software platform on top of Cocoa Touch .
Not Adobe ’s Flash .
Not .NET ( through MonoTouch ) .
If that were to happen , there ’s no lock - in advantage . ”
And that makes Apple evil .
At least , it does in the sense that Google uses the term in “ do n’t be evil ” – I believe pg translated “ evil ” as something along the lines of “ trying to compete by means other than making the best product and marketing it honestly ” .
From a developer ’s point of view , you ’re limiting creativity itself .
Gruber is wrong , there are plenty of [ applications ] written using cross- platform frameworks that are amazing , that he himself has praised .
Mozilla ’s Firefox just being one of them .
I do n’t think Apple has much to gain with 3.3.1 , quite the opposite actually .
Sincerely , Greg
STEVE :
We ’ve been there before , and intermediate layers between the platform and the developer ultimately produces sub - standard apps and hinders the progress of the platform .
Image caption Countries attempting to reach a compromise on whaling reached an " impasse "
Attempts to agree a compromise between whaling nations and their opponents at the International Whaling Commission 's ( IWC ) annual meeting have failed .
After two days of private discussions , delegates reported they had been unable to reach agreement on major issues .
The deal would have put whaling by Iceland , Japan and Norway under international oversight for 10 years .
Talks on the " peace process " have been going on for two years , and a further year 's " cooling - off period " is likely .
" After two years of talks ... it appears our process is at an impasse , " said the US commissioner Monica Medina .
The US has been one of the nations pushing the compromise process forward , and Ms Medina said the breakdown was the fault of no particular party .
However , other delegates - albeit in moderate terms - sought to pin the blame for the breakdown on their opponents .
Argentina 's representative Susana Ruiz Cerutti said the draft proposal which has been in front of governments for two months did not meet the needs of Latin American countries .
" It legitimises scientific whaling in the Southern Ocean ( by Japan ) , and does not substantially reduce catches , " she said .
The gulf between this vision and that of the whaling nations was exemplified by Japan 's junior agriculture and fisheries minister Yasue Funayama , who described the aim of the talks as " restoring the IWC 's function as a resource management organisation " .
Anti-whaling nations overwhelmingly want the body to transform into a whale conservation organisation .
The proposal , she said , " contained elements that are extremely difficult for Japan to accept " .
Behind the scenes , Japanese sources said the key stumbling block for them was the demand from the EU and the Buenos Aires group of Latin American countries that its Antarctic whaling programme must end within a set time - frame .
For Japan , agreeing to reduce its quota from 935 now to 200 in 10 years time represented a significant step forward , which they thought ought to have been acceptable to their opponents , with further discussions - possibly on a phase - out - taking place subsequently .
Sir Geoffrey Palmer , New Zealand 's former prime minister and current whaling commissioner , who has been intimately involved in the " peace talks " , said that " Japan did show real flexibility and a real willingness to compromise " .
Had this deal lived , it would have lived in infamy Patrick Ramage , International Fund for Animal Welfare 's whales programme
" But we are in the situation now where the gaps can not at this time be bridged ; and the reason for this I think is obvious enough - there is an absence of a political will to bridge those gaps , an absence of political will to compromise . "
The path forwards now is unclear .
Many delegates are asking whether there is any point in leaving the issue open for a further year ; if agreement is impossible , they suggest it would be better to face up to the fact now .
Opting for more time would " raise the question of the commission 's credibility , " said Remi Parmentier , senior policy adviser to the Pew Environment Group , which has been one of the organisations backing the exploration of compromise .
But there may also be a reluctance to leave the more constructive tone of the previous two years behind , and risk a return to the acrimony that formerly characterised the IWC .
However , other anti-whaling groups were pleased that their governments did not accept the draft agreement , as in their view it would have legitimised the whaling programmes of Iceland , Japan and Norway .
" Had this deal lived , it would have lived in infamy , " said Patrick Ramage , head of the International Fund for Animal Welfare 's ( IFAW ) whales programme .
" There may be a cooling - off period in the IWC , but meanwhile the whalers will be in hot pursuit of their prey . "
Visit will be first by a British monarch since George V in 1911 at time of Home Rule crisis
The Queen is to make a historic first visit to the Irish Republic before the end of next year .
The last monarch to visit Ireland was George V , who went to Dublin in 1911 at the time of the Home Rule crisis , when the country was still part of the UK .
The taoiseach , Brian Cowen , made the announcement after meeting David Cameron at 10 Downing Street .
Cowen said there had been a clear transformation in the relationship between Ireland and Britain , which should be reflected in normal diplomatic relationships .
The visit will be opposed by a number of republican dissident organisations .
Republican Sinn Féin has vowed to bring demonstrators on to the streets of Dublin if the Queen visits the Irish capital .
Security will be extremely tight for the groundbreaking royal visit .
The last major attack in Dublin on a British establishment target was in July 1976 , when the Provisional IRA assassinated the UK's ambassador to Ireland , Christopher Ewart - Biggs .
He died after his car was blown up by a landmine near his residence in south Dublin .
The Ewart - Biggs murder led to a crackdown in the Republic with the then Fine Gael - Labour coalition declaring a state of emergency .
His widow , Jane , later declared that she had no bitterness towards the Irish people and launched a peace prize in her husband 's name .
The Irish National Liberation Army almost murdered his successor several years later but a bomb near his pew in Dublin 's Anglican cathedral failed to detonate .
Prince Charles is the most senior royal to have visited the Republic .
His trip to Dublin was marked by violent demonstrations by republican groups .
During protests outside Trinity College Dublin , which the prince visited , demonstrators threw potatoes in memory of the Irish potato famine .
news A First Photo from Inside the G20’s Temporary Detention Centre
Photo by Michael Chrisman / Torontoist .
When detainees were held there this weekend , there were no photos allowed inside the G20 temporary detention centre at 629 Eastern Avenue — not by those kept there ( they had their cameras and phones confiscated ) and not by police ( who were simply ordered not to ) .
Today , though , Toronto Police sent a press release inviting media “ to see , for themselves , the facilities ” — albeit emptied of detainees , and with a police escort .
Torontoist reporter Steve Kupferman and photographer Michael Chrisman were there today , and their full article is on its way .
For now , though , here ’s a photo from inside 629 Eastern Avenue .
As far as we can tell , it ’s the first public one since the G20 started .
Hundreds of medical marijuana dispensaries face a deadline Monday , but questions remain about how exactly that deadline will be enforced .
More than 400 dispensaries are under orders to close in accordance with the city 's news medical marijuana ordinance .
Eventually , the city hopes to whittle the number of pot shops down to 70 and to limit outlets to industrial areas .
Some estimates peg the number of medical marijuana dispensaries operating last summer in Los Angeles at 1,000 .
City officials said hundreds were not registered .
Dispensaries that opened before the city declared a moratorium on Nov. 13 , 2007 , will be allowed to stay open but , within six months , they will have to comply with the ordinance , which has a strict zoning component .
Fines for violators are expected to run as high as $ 2,500 per day .
Penalties also could include jail time .
The City Attorney 's Office sent letters last month to the operators of about 400 dispensaries , ordering them to close by today .
" The sky is n't going to fall down , " Asha Greenberg , assistant city attorney , told National Public Radio .
" LAPD is n't going to go around kicking down doors , etc.
Initially we 're going to be doing information gathering . "
City officials said they wo n't take any action until they count how many of them have defied the new ordinance .
Authorities said they will spend about two weeks finding out which clinics are n't in compliance .
" All of us who chose to play by the rules as laid down by the city have been waiting years for this day , '' marijuana collective owner Joao Silverstein told The Associated Press .
Last week , a judge dismissed last - minute legal challenges from pot shop owners and patients seeking temporary restraining orders to keep those shops open .
That decision allowed officials to enforce a long - awaited law that will slash the number of dispensaries to somewhere between 70 and 130 .
Owners and patients have filed more than 20 lawsuits over the ordinance .
They argue it restricts access to medicine .
Stewart Richlin , a lawyer who represents 10 dispensaries that filed lawsuits , told the LA Times that he expects many will remain open Monday .
Sean Cardillo opened the Kush Clubhouse and Medical Kush Beach Club in Venice .
He told the Times he plans to close the Clubhouse , for now .
As for the Beach Club , it 's legally registered but located near a residential building -- too close under the ordinance .
That facility would have to move within six months .
" I do n't want to do anything to disrespect the city , " Cardillo told the Times .
" I 'm not in this to do anything illegal . "
At that time it was conjectured that the tar balls had come from natural seeps under the Gulf .
Cutler Cleveland recently wrote a guest post on the topic of these natural seeps , and their size , relative to the current spill , but because of the new furor I thought it worth expanding a little on what he wrote , relying on two of his sources – the National Research Council ’s Oil in the Sea III Inputs , Fates and Effects ( 2003 ) ; and Dagmar Schmidt Etkin ’s Report “ Analysis of U.S. Oil Spillage , ” which API issued last August .
The results of those tests conclusively show that the tar balls collected from Florida Keys beaches do not match the type of oil from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The source of the tar balls remains unknown at this time .
A sampling of tar balls discovered on beaches at Fort Zachary Taylor State Park , Fla. , Smathers Beach in Key West , Big Pine Key , Fla. , and Loggerhead Key in the Dry Tortugas National Park , Fla . were flown by a Coast Guard HU - 25 Falcon jet based in Miami , Fla. , to New London , Conn .
Tuesday for testing and analysis .
Senator Bill Nelson of Florida spoke on MSNBC on Monday , about the possibility of oil leaking up from the seabed in the vicinity of the Deepwater Horizon well that is currently spilling oil into the Gulf .
( The implication being that the well casing had " sprung a leak . " )
The story will inevitably grow , but it may well be that he is confusing two quite separate events .
You might remember that when tar balls first started appearing on the Florida beaches recently they were analyzed , and on May 19th the Coast Guard issued a statement that included the following :
In the normal course of events the magnitude of the natural seeps of oil into the waters around the United States far exceeds that from other sources .
For example , to take the data for U.S. waters :
Comparison of seeps and typical annual spill volumes ( after Etkin-ibid )
A natural seep occurs when the oil , which is normally trapped under a layer of rock in a reservoir , finds a pathway to the surface , generally relatively small ( so that the oil does n’t all gush out rapidly ) , with the oil slowly seeping upwards over the centuries .
Oil seep from reservoir under the sea ( after USGS / Etkin ibid )
Worldwide seeps can add up to more that 14 million barrels a year , and in the Gulf of Mexico the NRC report suggests that the annual flow from the seabed is around 1 million barrels / year .
( Etkin puts the high end estimate at 1,400,000 barrels a year ) .
As Dr. Cleveland notes this is considerably less than the current spill ( 2,700 bd against 15,000 bd ) , but it is sufficient that it generates tar balls that end up on Florida beaches , and it is likely sufficient to also generate plumes of oil - contaminated water .
Further the location of these seeps , not surprisingly , is where the oil rigs are likely to be found ( since they are drawing oil from the reservoirs ) .
Thus it may well be , in this case , that there is some confusion between natural seeps and the entirely un-natural and much larger current spill .
Etkin mapped the location of the seeps that have been reported , and areas where the sheen of oil that they generate on the surface has been remotely detected .
Reported natural seep locations in the GOM .
It is perhaps useful to locate the Deepwater Horizon oil spill relative to these .
( I have put a red dot on the above map where I estimate it is , but this is the NOAA map showing the well location and the surface sheen today ( June 7th ) .
The surface sheen will , unless continually fed with new oil , tend to shrink over time as the oil that comprises it is light enough to evaporate .
The NRC Report notes that there are a variety of ways in which the oil will meet its fate .
Fate of the oil entering the Gulf ( NRC report – ibid )
The NCR report provides this graph for the evaporation rates ( but remember that this is likely only valid for the very thin layer of oil on the surface ) .
In many oil spills , evaporation is the most important process in terms of mass balance .
Within a few days following a spill , light crude oils can lose up to 75 percent of their initial volume and medium crudes up to 40 percent .
In contrast , heavy or residual oils will lose no more than 10 percent of their volume in the first few days following a spill .
Most oil spill behavior models include evaporation as a process and as a factor in the output of the model .
Evaporation rates for various hydrocarbons ( NRC report – ibid )
On the other hand emulsification ( where the oil mixes with water to generate the brown chocolate mousse type of structure that is now appearing along the beaches , marshes and estuaries ) increases the volume of the oil by perhaps 3 – 5 times .
This is the most visible result of the spill , with the long strands of emulsion that are now evident on the sea surface and which are now entrapping birds and other wild life .
It is not , however , likely to be the most dangerous .
That comes from the concentration of small oil droplets in the water .
While these are small enough to be an easy target for microbial action , and in that process of being digested , reduce the risk of tar ball and sediment formation which is often the long term result of an oil spill , before this plume is destroyed it can be lethal to those bethnic resources that it encounters .
Following the wreck of the tank barge the North Cape off the Trustom Pond National Wildlife Refuge in New Jersey the impact was devastating .
Nearshore benthic resources were greatly impacted , with estimated mortality of 9 million lobsters ( mostly juveniles ) , 19.4 million surf clams , 7.6 million rock and hermit crabs , 4.2 million fish , and 2.8 million kilograms of amphipods and worms
In that case , however , the wreck was pushed ashore at the refuge .
In the current case there are miles , for some species , between the spill and their habitat .
With the breakdown in size of the oil droplets brought about by the dispersant mixed in with the oil at the well , the exposure of the oil to microbial action is enhanced , because of the very large surface areas which the droplets create .
This will speed up biodegredation , but it depends on depth and water temperature , among other factors .
Rates of biodegradation are dependent on the ability of microbes to contact hydrocarbons as well as on the bacterial metabolic processes operating within the cell .
Rates of biodegradation in a natural experiment range from 50 to 100 g/ m3 per day ( Lee and Levy , 1987 ) .
In the environment , rates of degradation have been reported to be between 0.001 and 60 g/m3 per day ( Atlas and Bartha , 1992 ) Source : ( NRC Report – ibid )
Also , in regard to a certain BP official commenting that oil floats , this depends on the droplet size , to quote the report again :
Vertical dispersion and entrainment are the movements of oil droplets of sizes less than about 100 μm into the water column .
Typically droplets that display a residence time of minutes to hours have droplet sizes less than about 20 μm ( Reed , 1992 ) .
Larger droplets will rise quickly to the surface .
Unfortunately the exact droplet sizes , and their relative lifespan at different levels in the water column is going to be partially controlled by the earlier interaction with the dispersant .
That research will , no doubt , now be done relatively rapidly , given the $ 500 million that has been made available and the groups now doing the investigating .
It will , as part of that process , perhaps be interesting to see how much of some of these subsea plumes was generated by the natural seeps , rather than the oil spill , and how the natural disposal of that oil impacts on the current much larger volumes .
But again that funding is likely already starting to be spent .
( Were I still doing active research I would probably grumble more about the lack of funding for research to find better ways of drilling and producing the oil – but since I ’m not , I will restrain my cynical self ) .
And on a final note :
The amount of oil being recovered at the Deepwater site has now risen to a daily rate of 15,000 bd .
( But does not seem to have impacted the volumes escaping from under the cap . )
An animated recreation of the classic 1966 World Cup final between England and West Germany .
See more videos at www.legofussball.com
they elections were being held under the supervision of Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad ’s “ unconstitutional government . "
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas came out against Iran on Wednesday , calling his people " hijacked , at the hands of the Iranians . "
" The decision - making power is not in our hands , " he told Egyptian television station Nile TV , possibly referring to Hamas 's refusal to reconcile with Fatah at Teheran 's behest .
" The Palestinian people 's unity ... is not in our hands .
" Hamas announced on Monday that it would boycott the Palestinian municipal elections , sayingOn Tuesday , PA security forces arrested dozens of Hamas men in the West Bank in response to the boycott .
Abbas went on to say that the Second Intifada was " one of the biggest mistakes of our lives .
[ Former PA chief Yasser ]
Arafat did not want the Second Intifada to spread , but he was unable to stop it .
" On the recently launched proximity talks , the PA president asserted that " peace could be achieved in a week " if Israel would actively pursue it .
However , he charged , Israel is not " serious " in respect to negotiations .
" While the Arabs do not want war with Israel , Israel does not want negotiations , " he said .
When asked about the Palestinian boycott on products made in West Bank settlements , Abbas clarified that he was not protesting against Israel .
" I am not boycotting Israel or its products , I am boycotting settlement goods , as these products are being manufactured on our land . "
WICHITA , Kan . —
Heather Ravenstein tried to save Walmart some money Friday by foiling a shoplifter ’s plan to steal a $ 600 computer , but it cost her her job .
“ I ’m a single mom , and I do n’t know what I ’m going to do , ” said Ravenstein , 30 .
She has worked at a Wichita Walmart for almost two years , most recently as a customer service manager .
Friday night about 10:20 , she was standing near some registers when she saw a man with a computer coming up the main walkway of the store .
“ Action Alley is what they call it , ” she said .
“ He was walking rather fast , so it caught my eye . ”
Ravenstein said the man kept walking and set off an alarm .
She went after him .
“ Let me see your receipt , and then I ’ll take this off for you , ” she told the man , referring to a sensor on the computer .
Ravenstein said the man refused and kicked her .
“ And then he punched me in my shoulder , and then he finally gave up and just let go of the computer . ”
Ravenstein walked back into the store and sat on the floor .
“ I was shaking pretty bad , ” she said .
Assistant store managers immediately checked on her .
“ They all came out and made sure I was OK , ” Ravenstein said .
“ They thanked me . ”
The next day , about two hours before her shift was over , Ravenstein said , an assistant manager asked to speak with her .
He then told her it ’s against Walmart policy for anyone but a manager or someone in asset protection to try to stop a customer from stealing .
“ He said there ’s really no gray area , ” Ravenstein said .
“ It just goes straight to termination . ”
She was told to turn in her badges and keys .
“ I was in shock at first , ” Ravenstein said .
“ I did n’t think anything like this would happen . ”
Nor did she know about the policy , Ravenstein said .
“ I ’ve never heard of it . ”
She said she has stopped people for forging payroll checks on more than one occasion .
“ They never once said , ‘ You ’re not supposed to be doing that . ’ ”
When asked about the situation , company spokeswoman Anna Taylor e-mailed this response :
“ While we appreciate her intentions , Ms. Ravenstein ’s actions put her safety — and perhaps the safety of our customers — in jeopardy and , in the process , violated company policy as it pertains to how we treat people in our stores .
As an unfortunate result of these circumstances , Ms. Ravenstein is no longer employed by our company . ”
Ravenstein filed for unemployment Monday .
“ The main thing is I ’m worried about my son , ” Ravenstein said of 4 - year - old TJ .
She said she ’d like to go to school to work in the medical field , perhaps as a nurse .
She wants “ a career , not just a job . ”
For now , though , Ravenstein said she simply needs to make money , and it ’s not likely to be in retail .
“ After this experience , no .
Probably not . ”
Kyron Horman 's stepmother was served with a restraining order and a petition for dissolution of marriage about 6 p.m. Monday , a source confirmed .
The legal papers came as a complete surprise to Terri Moulton Horman , the source said .
Approached earlier in the day at her home in Northwest Portland , she had denied a report by KPTV 12 / Fox TV news that her husband , Kaine Horman , and 18 - month - old daughter , Kiara , had moved out .
" Everything 's good , " she said , giving a thumbs up .
" We heard that rumor .
It 's just a rumor that needs to be squelched .
Everything 's fine . "
»
»
»
»
However , the source said Kyron 's father and sister indeed had left .
Terri Horman had said the only change in their household was the arrival of her dad , Larry Moulton , from Roseburg to support her .
Her mom , Carol , has been with the family since soon after Kyron 's disappearance to help out .
By 8 p.m. Monday , at least four friends had driven up the gravel driveway at Terri Horman 's blue , two - story house set in woodlands in rural northwest Multnomah County to console their embattled friend after learning of the divorce .
One friend , who asked not to be identified , said that Terri Horman still felt as though the county sheriff 's office was on her side .
" They 've said in the media that she 's not considered a suspect , and she 's been told that she 's not a suspect , " the friend said .
" The media is reporting that and that 's the same story she knows .
" She 's trying to get her thoughts together .
I do n't know if she 's going to stay quiet forever .
Stuff is just happening right now .
So I think she just needs a little more time . "
Terri Horman , who had been just behind the door of the home 's living room , popped her head out and told the friend , " Hey , I need you for a sec . "
But otherwise she did not comment .
The dissolution petition filed by Kaine Horman in Multnomah County Circuit Court listed his representative as Laura Rackner , a family law attorney with Gearing , Rackner & Engel in Portland .
Messages left at her office and home were not returned .
Rackner specializes in child custody , divorce and separation legal services , and co-authored the Oregon State Bar Family Law Book , according to her law firm ’s website .
Kyron 's family issued a statement Monday afternoon through the Multnomah County sheriff that was signed only " Desiree , Tony and Kaine . "
It did not include Terri Horman 's name .
In the statement , the child 's mother , stepfather and father said they were fully briefed on the investigation , supported the sheriff 's office and were limiting their statements to the media " to keep the integrity of the investigation intact . "
" Any actions taken by the investigation , or by us , are based on the best interests of Kyron and Kiara and comply with the law .
Beyond this , we have no comment on the matter , " the statement concludes .
Kyron , 7 , disappeared from Skyline School on June 4 .
A massive search around the area and on Sauvie Island turned up no clues .
The
has not commented on repeated rumors that Terri Horman is a suspect .
Authorities have simply said they would not say whether they have any suspects in the case that 's riveted the nation .
Terri Horman ’s dad told
magazine that she ’s been subjected to repeated interviews up to six hours each and that the truck she was driving the day Kyron disappeared has been inspected twice by police .
When People asked him whether he thought his daughter would be arrested , he replied with tears in his eyes : “ It ’s 50 - 50 . ”
Petition for Dissolution of Marriage
--
,
,
and
Port Authority cops have an unbelievable perk that other workers can only dream of — they can collect overtime for not working .
The bizarre benefit applies to officers suspected of misconduct who are suspended with pay and later cleared or found guilty of an infraction carrying a penalty that ’s short of dismissal .
Suspended officers can claim overtime if no formal charges are filed within 120 days .
The theoretical overtime these cops would have made during their suspensions is based on a formula in their union contract .
The agency could not say immediately how many cops have taken advantage of the perk and how much it ’s cost .
Other gold - plated provisions of the contract include :
* The PA pays at least $ 60,000 in annual rent for the police union ’s office in Englewood Cliffs , NJ .
* Officers who donate blood at the PA blood bank during normal work hours get the rest of the day off as “ excused time . ”
The seven - year collective bargaining agreement between the PA and the Port Authority Police PBA expired in January and negotiations are under way to hammer out a new deal .
Meanwhile , terms of the lapsed contract remain in effect .
The bistate agency has come under fire for granting excessive overtime and padding pensions .
Twenty - seven of the top 100 retirees with the highest pensions in the NY State Retirement system are from the PA .
A PA spokesman said the agency wants a new labor contract that “ continues to protect public safety while also protecting public money for decades to come . ”
The PBA defended the OT provision , while confirming that management wants to eliminate it .
“ I guess we did all right in negotiations .
I will bargain to keep it , ” said the PA ’s PBA president , Paul Nunziato .
Nunziato blamed management for dragging its heels in resolving disciplinary cases , leaving his members “ suspended unfairly ” without pay .
“ If a guy is wrong , he ’s wrong .
If he ’s not wrong , he ’s not wrong , ” Nunziato said .
“ I ’m looking for an expedited hearing process , so it ’s a non-issue . ”
Reining in overtime and pensions are hot topics with PA management , Nunziato said .
“ They ’re the ones generating the OT .
They do n’t have enough officers , ” he said .
Nunziato said the PA helps cover the PBA office rent , but noted that other unions get free space at PA facilities to conduct union business .
And he said getting time off for donating blood has been in the contract for decades .
carl.campanile@nypost.com
A track composed in the vineyards of the NSW Hunter Valley in 1985 and heard throughout Australian homes for almost 20 years has become an unlikely breakthrough hit .
The former ABC TV News theme , composed by Tony Ansell and Peter Wall - and used by the broadcaster until 2005 - has been remixed by Perth band Pendulum .
Pendulum .
Wall said he was alerted to the remix last week by a regional reporter who heard it pumping from a souped - up V8 stereo in Rockhampton .
" I 'm happy for someone to have rediscovered it because it 's probably the best thing we ever wrote , " he said .
Rearranged with a drumbeat , the distinctive piccolo trumpet and 40 - piece orchestra tune could still pass rather convincingly as a rousing South American national anthem .
But in just a week , it 's made it into DJ sets , has had thousands of hits on YouTube and has become available for sale on iTunes .
As for royalties , Wall 's happy to see what happens .
But he did have this to say about the current ABC radio news theme : " The lead trumpet … is out of tune . "
New National Geographic Crittercam footage shows never before seen eating habits of the Australian sea lion — including video of a sea lion hunting a large octopus .
The footage is from a project intended to help save the endangered sea lions , in part by uncovering where and how the animals eat .
( The National Geographic Society owns National Geographic News . )
© 2010 National Geographic
Related Links
Unedited Transcript :
Australian sea lions are lending a hand , or maybe a flipper , in the establishment of South Australia ’s marine parks .
And along the way , the National Geographic Crittercam captured a never - before - seen act of predation : a sea lion capturing and eating a large octopus .
The project , led by South Australian Research and Development Institute ( SARDI ) scientist Dr. Brad Page , is revealing critical information about South Australia ’s sea floor environments .
And it ’s revealing valuable insights into the behaviour and foraging habits of the endangered Australian sea lion .
Sea lions fitted with GPS trackers and a National Geographic Crittercam are taking scientists on amazing journeys to previously unknown marine ‘ hot spots . ’
These areas are important not only for providing the sea lions ’ food , but also for maintaining fish populations .
The Crittercams were deployed at Dangerous Reef in Spencer Gulf , a rocky island
the size of a football field , and home to the biggest Australian sea lion colony .
Combining the two instruments , the sea lions themselves are showing the researchers behaviour never before witnessed by scientists , and exactly where and how they feed .
It ’s answering many questions about the endangered sea lions , which will help make sure the areas to be designated as Marine Parks protect key sea lion habitat .
Dr. Page says , “ One important discovery is that the sea lions always feed on the sea floor " and they do n’t eat open ocean fish , known as pelagic .
" This is critical information because the marine parks are being set up to protect sea floor habitats , " a move that the scientists can now confirm will protect critical sea lion resources .
In one of the more spectacular pieces of Crittercam video so far , we can see this female working hard to handle a challenging prey item – a large octopus .
Too big to swallow in one gulp , she drags it to the surface where she can breathe while she works at breaking it down into bite - size pieces .
At several points , the octopus tries to get away , but the sea lion is relentless .
She bites off tentacles one by one .
The octopus drifts away , but again , the sea lion goes back for more of her meal , all the while , keeping the prey near the surface , where she can take some breaths .
The three - year project has been substantially funded by the Australian Marine Mammal Centre , and is being conducted by SARDI and the Department of the Environment , Water , Heritage and the Arts , with support from Flinders University and Marine Innovation South Australia .
One of the biggest complaints about the federal government 's H - 1B and L - 1 visa programs is that they could be used by corporations to hire skilled workers born outside the U.S. at wages lower than the U.S. market rate .
Indeed , anti-H - 1B visa activists say the program depresses American IT workers ' salaries and robs them of jobs .
But new research from the University of Maryland seems to contradict anti-H - 1B visa activists ' claims about the immigration program 's impact on American wages .
In fact , the research suggests that foreign - born IT professionals with temporary skilled worker visas actually earn more than their American counterparts , not less .
Hank Lucas , professor of information systems at the University of Maryland 's Robert H. Smith School of Business , and assistant professor Sunil Mithas examined the effect of immigration policies on IT salaries using data from online salary surveys conducted from 2000 to 2005 by InformationWeek and management consultancy Hewitt Associates .
After adjusting for educational qualifications , work experience , and other individual characteristics , Lucas and Mithas found that IT professionals without U.S. citizenship earned 8.9 percent more than American citizens .
Tech workers on temporary visas , such as the H - 1B and L - 1 , were paid 6.8 percent more than those with U.S. citizenship , and green card holders took home 12.9 percent more than their American - born counterparts , according to Lucas ' and Mithas ' research , published this month by the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences .
The professors say restrictive visa policies resulted in even higher salary premiums .
In years when applications exceeded the annual caps for H - 1B visas , salaries for all non-U.S. citizen IT workers — that is , visa or green card recipients — rose relative to the salaries of American - born IT professionals , say Lucas and Mithas .
Mithas says the study was driven by the lack of compelling data around claims that foreign - born IT professionals are taking away jobs from American workers .
" Much of the immigration debate in this country ignores skill levels , " says Lucas , adding that the influx of non-U.S. citizens has a much different impact on job availability and wages for unskilled labor than it does for skilled workers .
U.S. - born citizens and foreign workers can potentially benefit from an influx of skilled workers , Lucas says .
H - 1B Salary Survey Ignites Controversy
The Lucas - Mithas research deviates from the findings of other studies investigating the effect of temporary visa programs on the salaries of U.S. IT professionals .
According to Lucas and Mithas , H - 1B visa holders earned an average of $ 75,358 from 2000 to 2003 , compared with the average U.S. citizen 's salary of $ 66,836 .
( The InformationWeek survey did not ask about visa status in 2004 and 2005 ) .
But according to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service ( USCIS ) , the median salary for H - 1B visa holders in computing professions during the 2000 to 2003 period was just over $ 50,000 .
" It [ seems ] strange to me that the authors would depend on sampled data when we have the whole census of new H - 1B recipients ' salaries reported [ by ] the USCIS , at least in aggregate terms , " says Ron Hira , associate professor of public policy at the Rochester Institute of Technology .
" For computing occupations those data show low wages relative to Bureau of Labor Statistics wages for Americans .
The median salary for new H - 1Bs is comparable to the entry - level wages for freshly minted bachelors in computer science , as reported by the National Association of Colleges & Employers .
So half the new H - 1Bs are being paid at - or below entry - level wages . "
Lucas and Mithas say the USCIS and BLS numbers are n't granular enough to make meaningful comparisons .
" You do n't get a good sense of who these people are , what is their educational background , how long have they been in IT , what industry are they working in , " says Mithas .
" If you do n't have data at an individual level , you do n't know if you 're comparing apples to apples . "
Hira suggests there may be a self - selection bias at play when using a sample population .
The data Lucas and Mithas used comes from 50,000 IT professionals , including 809 temporary visa holders , who opted to participate in an online salary survey .
The researchers say the overall sample and sample of non-U.S. citizen foreign - born IT professionals in their study is reasonably representative of the U.S. population .
While those numbers may line up , it 's unlikely that H - 1B or L - 1 grantees who depend on their employers for their visas and who earn lower than average wages would participate in such a survey , says Hira .
" The [ Lucas - Mithas ] report may be able to control for some additional factors that affect wages , but there is no doubting the USCIS characteristics data , " says Hira .
" It is a census , not a sample . "
Lucas admits that selection bias could be a factor in any survey , but he remains confident in his data .
" In situations like this , there 's always the possibility for the sample not to be truly random , " he says .
" But I feel more comfortable with this survey with 50,000 respondents than I would if we did a random sample of a couple hundred IT professionals on our own . "
Why Corporations Pay More for H - 1Bs
Lucas and Mithas say their research proves that corporations use foreign - born IT professionals as a complement to , not as a cheaper substitute for , their American workforce .
But the data does not provide any explanations for why employers would pay non-citizen IT workers more .
Lucas and Mithas have their own theories .
For one , they think companies recruit foreign IT professionals for skills or expertise that they can't get from American workers , whether it's a stronger work ethic , multi-cultural experience , or willingness to travel .
" We were searching for an explanation , and it was n't education or anything we could measure .
So it had to be something intangible , like how aggressive you are or how much of a risk taker , " says Lucas .
" I 'd have to say it 's motivation .
You have to be motivated to break out of the rut you 're in , get out of the city you were born in , go to another country and work in IT . "
Hira is not buying it .
" There 's no doubt in my mind that , in general , H - 1B workers are underpaid .
That 's why the offshore outsourcing majors rely almost exclusively on H - 1Bs rather than hiring Americans , " he says .
" Plus they are beholden to their employer , making it more difficult for them to protest against poorer [ wages and ] working conditions . "
Hira notes that it 's possible the compensation among IT workers on temporary visas falls into two camps : " lots of low wage workers and a good portion of high wage workers . "
B. Lindsay Lowell , director of policy studies for Georgetown University 's Institute for the Study of International Migration , has been analyzing the salaries of H - 1B visa holders in science and technology using data from the National Science Foundation 's National Survey of College Graduates .
He has found that H - 1Bs are paid lower average wages during the first three years of their permitted stay , but once they reapply for another three years or change employers , they may earn more than comparable U.S. citizens .
" The NSCG is an odd survey itself , but it 's the largest random survey of graduates in the United States , " says Lowell .
" The reason we think there 's an increase in wages is due to a change in bargaining power on the part of the H - 1B .
Of course , the first three years still reflects a savings to the employer . "
Jacob Funk Kirkegaard , a research fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , examined the Department of Labor 's database of labor condition applications ( LCAs ) and surmised that many large U.S. corporations and educational institutions frequently offer their H - 1B recipients salaries substantially above the prevailing U.S. wage .
However , he says , " offshoring / outsourcing type IT services providers " aggressively pursue all legally available paths to cut labor costs , including paying foreign workers only the legally mandated 95 percent of the prevailing wage .
" That suggests another point I 've long argued , and which is supported in my and others ' research , " says Lowell , " which is that the H - 1B labor market is softly segmented with different types of employers who pay less than the mainstream to the H - 1Bs in their employ . "
Lucas and Mithas consider the LCA data unreliable because it does not provide actual salary data , and many approved LCAs do n't result in the granting of an actual visa .
" There are an awful lot of anecdotes of this or that company bringing in foreign workers and paying them less than the going wage , but you can't take that and generalize it to thousands of people , " says Lucas .
" We 'd love to get inside of Infosys and Accenture and get detailed individual information , but privacy concerns enter into this , and they would n't want to give us the information anyway .
They 're afraid , no matter which way the research comes out , they 'll be criticized . "
More Research Into H - 1B Wages Needed
There are as many as 700,000 temporary high - skill foreign professionals in the United States on visas today ( approximately 500,000 in the H - 1B category alone ) , and 60 percent of them work in IT , according to some estimates .
More detailed data from USCIS or some other source would go a long way toward settling the debate over whether or not these visa programs depress the wages of IT professionals .
" This may be a good thing for the DHS or GAO to do , " says Hira .
This ai n’t funny , so do n’t you dare laugh .
Here ’s some new material off Shallah Raekwon ’s upcoming mixtape , Brinx Boys .
Sounds serious .
Miss Info
When we first moved into the quiet neighborhood , our neighbors to the east were a happy family with three preteen children , two cats , and a beagle named Huckleberry .
The children would throw balls and chase Huckleberry around the front yard and into the backyard where we could hear the laughter and giggling continue on the other side of the fence .
Our two families became friends – often conversing over that back fence , discussing school events and comparing plants and pets .
Then , after a few years , there was an affair and the laughter in their house stopped .
The mother moved out and the children , then teenagers , did n't seem to know where to be .
Finally the children also left , leaving the father alone in the house with the two cats and Huckleberry .
The nature of his work caused him to be gone for long periods ; and even when he was home his heart was no longer in the care of his home – or of the three animals .
They were fed , but they were lonely .
IN PICTURES : Lap of luxury :
It 's a dog 's life
The cats found new homes and disappeared , leaving Huckleberry .
He was a sad little dog .
To give him some company I began talking to him through the fence when I was working in the yard .
Soon he had dug a hole under the fence so we could spend more time up close .
The father apologized and tried to close the hole until I told him I was happy to have Huckleberry in our yard .
He began to inhabit both yards , spending his days in ours and eating and sleeping in his .
Then came a very cold winter .
Looking over the fence , I could see that Huckleberry 's doghouse was bare wood and , with his short beagle hair , he was cold at night .
Our laundry room had an exterior door , so I made a bed of old blankets and invited Huckleberry to spend the nights there .
Since I had to leave the outside door open for him to come and go , the room was cold – so I began the practice of covering him with one of the blankets each night before we went to bed .
Soon , however , I noticed that he would already be covered when I went into the laundry room .
I assumed that one of our daughters had covered him until , one night , I happened to look through the window in the door .
There was Huckleberry deftly wrapping himself up in a blanket and settling down for the night .
Huckleberry had other holes under the fence as well – unbeknownst to us or his owner .
He soon began appearing at other houses in the neighborhood , one in particular where a little boy lived .
One day as I drove home from work I saw Huckleberry and the boy playing in the boy 's front yard .
I stopped and opened the car door , asking , " Huckleberry , what are you doing here ? "
As he leaped into the car , the boy 's mother ran over .
" His name is Huckleberry ? " she asked .
" My son loves this dog so much .
Do you know who the owner is ?
Might he be willing to give this dog up ? "
I agreed to talk to our neighbor , who was delighted that Huckleberry had found someone to love him .
I often saw the little boy walking Huckleberry around the neighborhood .
Both of them looked happy , and Huckleberry had put on considerable weight .
The next winter I ran into the boy 's mother and inquired how Huckleberry was getting along .
" Our whole family adores that dog ! " she said .
" And do you know , he does the most amazing thing ?
We have his doghouse full of blankets .
And every night he takes one blanket and completely wraps himself up in it to sleep .
He is an absolutely brilliant dog ! "
IN PICTURES : Lap of luxury :
It 's a dog 's life
Transcript :
>>> this is the story that has me fired up tonight .
i've tried to cool down on this story but i can 't .
republicans in the senate , if you love america , quit voting like you hate americans .
it 's class warfare at its best .
it 's alive and well .
by blocking the jobs bill in the senate last night , the republican party has assaulted the middle class one more time .
every single republican , plus one turn coat democrat , senator ben nelson of nebraska , turned their backs on the american worker , by extending unemployment benefits .
they are taking it pretty hard .
>> they will not let us get unemployment benefits to people who are out of work and that is unconscienceable .
in my 35 years , i've never seen anything like this .
never .
>> 35 years is a long time in the senate .
he says he 's never seen anything like this .
never ?
the white house puts it this way .
the package would save extend tax cuts for american families who have suffered through the worst economic downfall since the great depression .
the republicans are pretending that they are showing leadership with fiscal discipline .
senate majority leader mitch mcconnell did not enter the national debt .
republicans and democrats simply disagree on the democrats but they simply disagree on the democrats ' insis steps on adding tens of billions more to an already .
trillions of dollars for tax breaks and corporate tax breaks , the republican party will draw a line in the sand on americans who are desperate , desperate is the word and i think i remember famously that the deficits do n't matter .
and now the republicans are like a national debt , the most important thing that is out there .
and you know what , they really do n't give a dam about your personal debt .
they do n't care if you lose your house or can't put food on the table or give your kids a chance at a normal life .
that 's what they are .
what the republican party is doing , in my opinion , is shameful and unamerican .
and to think that they are really the party of political terrorists right now , on a mission that can destroy the very fabric of this great country .
the numbers are , just today , 1.2 million people who have been out of work longer than six months have been abandoned by the political party just absolutely bent on breaking president obama .
unemployed americans are just , i guess you could say , collateral damage along the way to the waterloo that they have dreamed about for the last 18 months .
this is exactly why i title by book killer politics .
the politics that we 're witnessing over the last 24 hours has a chance to really ruin a lot of lives in this country .
and i do n't think the republicans get that .
i do n't think that they understand the severity .
this is about survival .
for a lot of americans out there , it is a drop in the bucket and , of course , on the other side of things , they are not helping president obama or the majority party do anything at all when it comes to creating jobs .
i think they are trying to railroad the economy so they can get political gain and say , see , the democrats could n't do it .
it 's not about what was that slogan that senator mccain had ?
>> country first .
remember that ?
remember how they were saying country first ?
it 's the republican party first and of the most selfish generation that we 've led over the last eight years , change is tough .
i will tell you what , progressives do n't give up .
there are no 57 people in the senate with a heart in the soul who voted correctly last night .
and there is no doubt about it f. we keep up the pressure and get three , five , more seats , we can go back and get the jobs bill and that 's how we have defeat and get your cell phones out .
i want to know what you think about this .
text a for yes and b for no to 622639 governor , good to have you with us tonight .
>> my pleasure , ed. interesting listening to you .
>> well , what do you think ?
am i wrong ?
>> no , you 're dead right .
this is about politics and hypocrisy .
it 's about politics because , you 're right , they want to make a point about the deficit but every economist says fix the economy first , get people back to work , then have a long - term deficit reduction plan .
every economist tells them that .
and it's also about hypocrisy because they are the ones that had a chance to talk about the pay as you go bill and they all voted no .
and now they are all saying that pay as you go is so important .
well , this bill , the bill that extended the medicaid relief for the state , that bill has passed the senate on two separate occasions .
now all of a sudden everyone is getting religion .
they talk about small business , we 're the party to help create small business jobs .
well , we extend small business loan programs .
we extend the research and development tax credit program .
forest raunt and retail establishments , we give tax breaks .
they are taking all of that away .
for the middle class , they are not going to be able -- unless this bill passes , there is no more reduction for property taxes or sales taxes or tuition .
those are the things at the heart of helping the middle class .
>> governor , the pennsylvania -- your state , the department of labor is saying that this is going to affect another 104,000 workers in your state .
what are you going to do ?
how are you going to handle this ?
>> well , it 's going to be enormously difficult .
and what is going to happen is those workers not getting this aid , they are going to go into other facets of our social safety network programs which are going to increase our costs even further .
so , you 're right , it 's absolutely inhumane and by losing the money for the medicaid dollars that we have been promised by both the president , the house , and the senates passed separate bills .
by losing that , we 're going to have to lay off 20,000 government workers .
they just said that they are government workers and they have too much any way .
well , they are policemen , firemen , teachers , social workers , caseworkers , people who are so important to the structure , all we do .
pennsylvania has done very well the last three months .
second only to texas .
how is that going to help when i have to lay off 20,000 people come the beginning of july ?
>> what would you tell president obama to do , the republicans have made it very clear they want him to fail , they are watching their watch till we get to the midterms ?
what 's the call for this summer , governor ?
>> i would get out there and say , look , we 're starting to see signs of recovery and need to do more .
these guys are trying to stop us from reviving this economy because they want -- you 're dead right , ed. they want this economy to be in the tank come november .
i do n't care about the november elections .
i do care about the 120,000 pennsylvanians .
that 's what we should be concentrating on .
anything else is a flat out disgrace .
>> governor ed rendell , thank you for joining us on " the ed show . " i appreciate it so much .
>> my pleasure , ed. keep fighting .
>> you bet .
and we are fighting .
this is going all throughout the country .
joining me now is the governor of -- virge , i know you 're boiling over this , what is this going to do to your town and what is it doing to your region right now in michigan ?
>> well , ed , as usual , you were right on .
we were n't enjoying a recovery in michigan .
we 're being robbed and consider us a fly over country .
we are not getting our recovery and this is much worse .
this is obscene .
it 's every bit that you said .
it 's obscene that a few -- the americans need to realize what this is , it 's the hijacking of our democratic system .
both the form and substance here is outrageous .
the fact that the filibuster is now business as usual in the u.s. senate is disgusting .
the fact that they have an overwhelming majority of 57 senators and can't do the basic business of the country is despicable .
and that 's republican leadership .
that 's them standing in the way of progress .
that 's the kind of obstinant leadership that we have .
it 's outrageous , mainstream america will suffer .
these republicans are so hypocritical .
they did n't have any problems when it was billions or trillions to invade and rebuild iraq .
what about main street ?
what about rebuilding main street america ?
that 's my question .
who do you think elected you .
>> absolutely .
the unemployment rate for michigan is sitting at 13.7 % .
how much more pressure is this going to put on the services that need to be rendered in your community ?
>> well t. certainly -- we 've been fortunate because our two gm plants are up and running .
those products are in demand .
but this certainly could mean layoffs .
as i say , we 're not enjoying a recovery .
most cities around the state are in a deficit .
we just got a $ 12 million deficit in lansing .
we 're trying to get the business done and we will get the people 's business done .
but we get the midyear cuts from the state because of revenue sharing cuts and this has the potential .
but the state , just as governor rendell said , this will mean more onerous cuts on the state and then we will be stuck with midyear cuts and we will have to make adjustments .
we 've got people suffering .
people are losing their jobs , they are losing their homes , and they are losing their hope .
and i do n't want them to lose hope .
we all know people want a job .
they do n't just want an unemployment check .
but when you 're about to lose your house and have trouble feeding your kids , this is fight ta vital .
let 's get this done so we might enjoy a recovery down the road .
>> i think the republicans have lost their moral compass .
virg , thank you for being with us tonight .
yes , i’ll take the embryo on the left , please …
We often worry about parents customizing their children into their warped idea of perfection .
But what if the future parents want to put a limitation their kid 's abilities ?
Since yesterday I was on Skeptically Speaking , talking about the practical side of transhumanism with George Dvorsky ( which was apparently such a fun show , we ’re being invited back ) , I thought it would be fitting to take on a topic currently being covered on George ’s blog and straight of Bill McKibben ’s darkest fears ; creating a custom baby through the latest and greatest technology that biologists and doctors can offer .
Now , while you will probably never design your own custom child from the organs up and setting his ratios of IQ vs. social skills and athleticism vs. dedication to academic pursuits because this is simply not scientifically plausible to begin with , the decisions parents can already make today and would almost certainly continue making in the future could have a major impact on their children and their lives .
And us our technology keeps advancing and we could make more and more of a drastic impact on a future child , the consequences will become more dire and the stakes will constantly rise , especially if the parents are behaving unreasonably , or even dangerously …
Of course just because you can do something does n’t necessarily mean you should , and any ability to alter a developing embryo should be wielded wisely and with long term planning in mind .
Humans are sill evolving , contrary to the popular pseudoscience we often hear , and when we decide to try and take evolution ’s reins in an unpredictable world , we ’re essentially betting that our choice for the future is the right one .
And there ’s a rather disturbing , but very real possibility of abuse in the future .
Eugenicists did n’t just disappear after the end of the Nazis .
They ’re still out there , and their last major attempt to engineer “ better humans ” ended in 1999 , an uncomfortably recent time period .
What ’s to say that more throwbacks to the 19th century pseudoscience that was cooked up by Francis Galton to justify racism and snobbism of the British upper class of the time , wo n’t decide to use the technology in question to try again ?
And in trying to somehow improve ourselves according to varying and often superficial standards could very well reduce our genetic diversity and make us vulnerable to new diseases , environmental changes , and even place us at a greater risk for extinction .
We ’re not in total control of the world around us and betting against the world is not something many would recommend .
Bioethicist Stephen Wilkinson , who wrote a book on the subject , thinks that these concerns are legitimate but not enough to necessarily forbid any particular method of customizing future children .
He even goes to bat for a couple who decided they wanted their child to be born deaf because they have the same disability , doing everything possible to make it happen .
And what he offers in their defense is a leap of mental gymnastics that is very difficult to follow and raises more question that Wilkinson seems willing to answer …
The strongest argument [ McCullough and Duchesneau ] would have to face would in all likelihood have to do with the welfare of the child created thereby : that deafness is welfare - reducing , and that it is wrong deliberately to created a child with lower welfare than it might otherwise have enjoyed .
Yet , says Wilkinson , even this claim is weak .
Partly this has to do with a skepticism about whether choosing for a disability is necessarily the same as choosing for a lower quality of life ; partly it has to do with a claim that , even if disabled , people overwhelmingly have a life worth living … partly it is because the ‘ Same Number Quality Claim ’ does not reliably tell us that all examples of selecting for disability are wrong , and so , even at its strongest , will not tell us that this particular instance of choosing disability is de facto wrong .
So with the same logic we could say that if both parents are blind , they should be able to make a blind child at their pleasure and that we can’t possibly tell them otherwise since any life is better than no life at all .
This not only has a strong tinge of anti-choice activists ’ problematic arguments , but seems to reject the simple fact that if McCullough and Duchesneau deafened their child after he was born , they would ’ve swiftly went to prison for child abuse .
Quality of life claims do reliably tell us that we should choose to make sure people can enjoy life to the fullest and dictate that we should make whatever accommodations or inventions the disabled will need to do as many of the things the able - bodied do on a daily basis as possible .
And when you go out of your way to make sure the future child will not even have a chance to grow up with the benefits the able - bodied take for granted because you want him or her to have the same disabilities as you , you ’re being both selfish and cruel .
It ’s one thing to decide to give a child you know will have Down Syndrome a chance at life and prepare for this difficult task financially and mentally , but it ’s completely another to seek those affected by this genetic disorder to ensure that the child will be born with the syndrome .
The former is selflessness , the latter is cruelty .
Quite honestly , I ’m surprised that an ethicist would actually defend a form of child abuse through technology a skilled doctor could use to fix potential health problems , arguing that we should allow people to do whatever they want to their progeny , and that quality of life is a vacuous notion , although it ’s anything but that .
If all life is so great , even a life of pain , misery , and frustration , there would be no concept of euthanasia , which allows an incredibly sick or debilitated person on the verge of death to pass on with dignity and end his suffering .
I ’m all for the transhumanists ’ desire to improve the human condition through science and technology , and when we consider their platform , I seriously doubt that any transhumanist would actually support abusing technology to ensure that someone is born deaf , or blind , or mute , or with a certain ailment at the parents ’ whim .
Society will not allow parents to injure their children after they ’re born .
Why would it ever allow intentional embryonic abuse to satisfy selfish desires ?
And why would any ethicist argue against the qualify of life postulate ?
My friend Tim Beyers and I agree on a lot of things .
At least , so I thought until I read his article yesterday , suggesting that Google ( NASDAQ : GOOG ) should n't initiate a quarterly dividend policy .
" Google is a value creator , " he writes .
" Why take retained earnings away from a company that 's proven it can produce returns for the sake of a short - term dividend ?
It does n't make sense . "
It 's a fair point , though if we go by that logic we should ask every company that generates a positive return on invested capital or equity to kill their yields .
It does n't work that way , so let me spell out the reasons for Google to warm up to payouts .
1. Google can no longer win backers on growth alone
I do n't know if the world 's leading search engine has seen itself in a mirror lately , but it 's not the growth stock it used to be .
Analysts see earnings climbing by just 9 % this year and 15 % come 2010 .
In this environment , any growth is good growth , but it does n't hurt to attract income investors as well .
2. Google is the new utility
Yield chasers have historically flocked to financial services , REITs , and utility companies for chunky distributions .
How is that working out lately ?
Banks are failing left and right , as shaky bailout recipients like Citigroup ( NYSE: C ) slash their quarterly disbursements to a token $ 0.01 a share .
slash their quarterly disbursements to a token $ 0.01 a share .
Remember when investors found refuge in the $ 0.50 - a- share quarterly dividend checks mailed out by mall rat General Growth Property ( NYSE : GGP ) ?
That ended last summer , and the iffy REIT now trades for less than its former quarterly dividend rate .
?
That ended last summer , and the iffy REIT now trades for less than its former quarterly dividend rate .
Even the seemingly dependable utilities have imploded now and then .
Great Plains Energy ( NYSE : GXP ) took a hit earlier this month when it cut its payout in half .
Income stocks are steady growers with predictable profit streams .
Is n't that what Google has become ?
If Google paid a dividend , no one would doubt its ability to cover its dividend distribution .
It would actually be one of the more dependable income stocks with its modest yet confident growth projections .
3 . Google with cash is like a caveman with a modem
The search engine titan can have a healthy yield , simply by allocating a chunk of its free cash flow .
It does n't need to tap its nearly $ 16 billion in cash and short - term securities .
We 're talking about a sustainable dividend policy , not a slow leak .
Either way , what is Google hoarding for , anyway ?
It 's not as if it 's going to be able to go on a buying spree , now that regulators are eyeing its every move .
It 's operating under the same antitrust vigilance as Microsoft ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) , and perhaps being watched even more carefully since search dominance really is the Web 's gateway .
Google can always aggressively repurchase its shares , and that is certainly an idea I can get behind .
However , if it is n't backing up the truck here for money it is unlikely to squander elsewhere -- with its stock fetching just 16 times this year 's projected profitability -- that 's probably not in the works .
4 . Google owes its investors
The " do no evil " company grew horns and brandished a pitchfork last month when it repriced employee stock options .
The dilutive move for shareholders will find the company taking a charge as large as $ 460 million to rewrite its employee stock options at lower strike prices .
Google justified the move as a way to reward and retain its staff .
Now it 's time for Google to reward and retain its shareowners .
Do the right thing , Google
One can always argue that older tech behemoths like Apple ( NASDAQ : AAPL ) and Oracle ( NASDAQ : ORCL ) have done just fine without paying dividends .
Do n't get me started , because I think those companies should be cutting quarterly checks , too .
Maybe tech companies would n't have to issue so many stock options -- and deal with insiders exercising options to sell in the open market -- if their shareholders were on the receiving end of a steady trickle of investment income .
The time has come , Google .
Yield to the right of way .
Read up on Google :
This article was originally published by AlterNet .
In 1970 a Lao villager who had survived five years of U.S. bombing wrote : “ In reality , whatever happens , it is only the innocent who suffer .
And as for the others , do they know all the unimaginable things happening in this war ?
Do they ? ”
Do we ?
And if we did know about the innocent men , women and children our leaders kill , would it matter ?
Does it matter that those who justified the Iraqi invasion in the name of the people of Iraq have largely ignored their unimaginable suffering under U.S. occupation , as more than 5 million civilians have been murdered , maimed , made homeless , unjustly imprisoned and tortured — and millions more impoverished ?
Would war supporters serve themselves and their nation if they wrote about both the humanity and suffering of , say , just 10 Iraqi victims — and sought to convey how each represents at least 500,000 more ?
Is the suffering our leaders inflict on innocent civilians relevant to deciding whether to support our present war - making in Afghanistan and Pakistan ?
Would it matter if the N.Y .
Times had run daily profiles and photos of Iraqi civilian victims since 2003 , as it did of U.S. victims after 9/11 ?
Such questions are raised by Christopher Hitchens ’ recently published best - selling memoir , Hitch - 22 , in which he proudly claims to have helped cause the invasion of Iraq as the most prominent of a group of war hawks ( “ by which political Washington was eventually persuaded that Iraq should be helped into a post - Saddam era , if necessary by force ” ) , but entirely ignores the human cost that followed .
No one spoke more eloquently of the Iraqi people ’s suffering before the invasion .
Thus his indifference to it since has been striking .
The key issue is not what this reveals about Hitchens ’ soul but about America’s .
His memoir epitomizes one of the most chilling phenomena of our time : a growing “ nonhumanity ” in which our leaders and their supporters claim to wage war on behalf of a foreign people but are largely indifferent to their suffering .
( Full disclosure : when Hitchens was writing his book about Henry Kissinger , he interviewed me about Kissinger ’s mass murder of Laotian rice - farmers . )
Citizens take on no more solemn role than when they convert a personal opinion into the political act of publicly promoting violence by their nation ’s leaders .
Debating health care , gay marriage or Wall Street reform is one thing ; promoting policies that wind up killing innocent human beings quite another .
Whether they acknowledge it or not , those advocating war assume a moral responsibility for its innocent victims .
Or , more plainly , they have their blood upon their hands .
This blood can be easily justified in a hypothetical case of “ humanitarian intervention , ” e.g. imagining that Bill Clinton had successfully used military force to stop the Rwandan genocide .
It is also easy to justify war when only hated political leaders or groups are discussed : “ Saddam Hussein , ” “ Ahmadinejad , ” “ the Taliban ” – and the civilian population , always the main victims in war , are treated as nonpeople .
But an honest evaluation of war in a case like Iraq requires a far more serious moral calculus .
The Immensity of Iraqi Civilian Suffering
Taking seriously one ’s responsibility for promoting war in Iraq requires more than simply listing the war ’s human benefits , such as removing the genuinely evil Saddam , increased power for the long - suppressed Kurds and Shiites , limited movement toward free elections , a parliamentary democracy and free press .
Such benefits must be weighed against the suffering of millions of innocent Iraqis , including :
— Nearly 5 million refugees : “ Counting both internal and external refugees , the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) estimates that nearly 5 million of Iraq ’s population of 24 million have been uprooted during the conflict , ” the N.Y. Review of Books reported on May 13 , 2010 .
This is the equivalent of 60 million Americans by percentage of population .
Five - hundred thousand are homeless squatters within Iraq , whose “ settlements all lack basic services , including water , sanitation and electricity and are built in precarious places — under bridges , alongside railroad tracks and amongst garbage dumps ” according to Refugees International in March 2010 .
The emigration of 2 - 3 million Iraqis to refugee camps in Syria and other Mideast countries decimated Iraq ’s educated middle class , with some daughters forced to become prostitutes and sons menial laborers just to keep their families alive .
— Hundreds of thousands dead and wounded : Estimates of dead civilians range from 100,000 documented cases by Iraq Body Count , which acknowledged in October 2004 that “ our own total is certain to be an underestimate of the true position , because of gaps in reporting or recording ” to over one million by a John Hopkins University group .
A basic rule of thumb in war is that for every person killed , two have been wounded .
— Tens of thousands of innocents imprisoned , many tortured :
In an article headlined “ In Iraq , A Prison Full of Innocent Men , ” the Washington Post reported that “ 100,000 prisoners have passed through the American - run detention system in Iraq , ” that Iraqi Vice President Tariq al - Hashimi says that “ most of the people they detain are innocent , ” but that prisoners are not permitted to prove their innocence .
Conditions have been even worse in the secret torture chambers run for five years by General Stanley McChrystal , from which all outside observers including the Red Cross have been excluded .
Salon ’s Glenn Greenwald recently reported that “ 72 % of Guantanamo detainees who finally were able to obtain just minimal due process — after years of being in a cage without charges — have been found by federal judges to be wrongfully detained . ”
Countless innocent Iraqis have been regularly tortured .
— Millions more who lack jobs , electricity , water and health care : Reuters reported on June 6 that “ according to government statistics cited by the ICRC ( the Red Cross ) , one in four of Iraq ’s people does not have access to safe drinking water . ”
The unofficial unemployment rate is estimated to be as high as 30 percent , security is shaky , the entire non-oil economy decimated .
“ As recently as the 1980s , Iraq was self - sufficient in producing wheat , rice , fruits , vegetables , and sheep and poultry products .
Its industrial sector exported textiles and leather goods , including purses and shoes , as well as steel and cement .
But wars , sanctions , poor management , international competition and disinvestment have left each industry a shadow of its former self , ” the N.Y .
Times has reported .
It also reported on June 20 that “ ( Basra ’s ) poorer neighborhoods , by far the majority , often have just one hour of electricity a day , a situation not uncommon in Baghdad and other regions .
The temperature in Basra on Saturday was 113 degrees . ”
War advocates are correct , of course , that much of the responsibility for this suffering rests with Iraqi and Al - Qaeda extremists who have no compunction about inflicting civilian casualties .
But this in no way absolves them and the U.S. of their own responsibility for Iraqi civilian suffering , both directly from U.S. war - making and indirectly by the U.S. failing to meet its legal responsibilities as an occupying power to provide security for the civilian population .
Nonhumanity , Not Inhumanity
U.S. leaders killed large numbers of civilians during World War II , of course , in an earlier age of “ inhumanity ” marked by the depredations of Hitler , Stalin and Mao .
But they did so relatively openly .
They did not claim , for example , that only “ enemy insurgents ” were killed at Dresden , and Americans relatively soon learned what had happened at Hiroshima .
It was only as U.S. leaders constructed America ’s first global empire after 1945 — increasingly waging secret , massive , illegal and unconstitutional bombing campaigns in countries like Laos and Cambodia , refusing to even acknowledge the countless civilian deaths they caused throughout Indochina , failing to help rebuild it after the war , and supporting savage local dictators and policies destroying local economies around the world — that they created a new age of “ nonhumanity . ”
By now U.S. leaders ’
Third World victims — whom they have neither acknowledged nor made amends for — number in the tens of millions .
We have entered a new Orwellian age in which continuous “ fighting … takes place on the vague frontiers whose whereabouts the average man can only guess at , ” and its innocent victims are simply airbrushed out of history .
Nothing symbolizes this nonhumanity more than U.S. leaders ’ use of the term “ collateral damage ” to refer to millions of innocent human beings who have as much right to their lives as those who so mercilessly snuff them out .
Generals Tommy Franks and Colin Powell say “ we do n’t do civilians ” when asked how many civilians they kill , and their countrymen are so indifferent to civilian murder that no one even asks why not .
Who is in a better position to discover how many innocent men , women and children U.S. leaders kill , and help them avoid further civilian murder ?
The only act more nonhuman than not caring is killing civilians in the first place .
U.S. indifference to civilian suffering is particularly noticeable in the case of “ liberal war hawks ” who justified the Iraq invasion on humanitarian grounds but then largely ignored its human costs as much as conservatives who do not even claim concern for the civilians they destroy .
Slate , for example , asked an online panel of 10 such folks in March 2008 — when civilian victims were in the millions — to explain how they had gotten the Iraqi war wrong .
While all but one ( Christopher Hitchens : “ How Did I Get Iraq Wrong ? I Didn’t ” ) acknowledged error , and a number expressed pain over civilian suffering , the reasons listed for their mistakes included misjudging “ Bush ’s sense of morality , ” “ I wanted to strike back , ” “ I believed the groupthink , ” “ I did n’t realize how incompetent the Bush administration could be , ” and the “ the self - centeredness and sectarianism of the ruling elite . ”
All failed to acknowledge their own moral blindness in failing to imagine what millions of their fellow Americans clearly saw : the havoc that the U.S. war - machine would inevitably wreak on innocent Iraqi civilians whatever its stated intentions or claimed benefits .
U.S. Responsibility For Civilian Suffering in Iraq
One of the panelists – the diplomat Phillip Carter — did , however , make a key point .
After explaining how a former Iraqi law professor he worked with was presumably killed by Al - Qaeda , Carter wrote , “ I felt guilty for not doing more to protect him .
I felt guilty for not doing more … to make Iraq safe . ”
His words point to the considerable U.S. responsibility for post - invasion civilian suffering , whether caused by its own troops or others .
An occupier assumes not only moral but legal responsibility for ensuring the safety of civilians in the zones it occupies .
By both disbanding the Iraqi army and not using its own forces to maintain law and order U.S. leaders failed that responsibility , which was thus not merely a “ mistake ” but a war crime .
And America bears an even greater responsibility for the direct suffering it has caused .
Pulitzer - prize winning journalist Chris Hedges and Laila Al - Arian explored U.S. - inflicted civilian suffering by interviewing 50 American veterans who had fought in Iraq .
Their book Collateral Damage reports how U.S. soldiers , unprepared for urban warfare and understandably terrified , have regularly killed , wounded , arrested and humiliated countless Iraqi civilians — at checkpoints , by driving recklessly in convoys , in early morning searches , and by firing indiscriminately in response to IEDs and enemy fire .
“ The war in Iraq is now primarily about murder , ” Hedges writes .
“ Human beings are machine - gunned and bombed from the air , automatic grenade launchers pepper hovels and neighbors with high - powered explosive devices , and convoys race through Iraq like freight trains of death . ”
U.S. soldiers also revealed how , though this behavior violated official rules of engagement , the rules were ignored and required reports either not filed or falsified .
Collateral Damage and the N.Y.
Review of Books article cited above illustrate another key point : Americans can report on civilian suffering if they choose .
Washington Post columnist David Ignatius has written that “ when you see my byline from Kandahar or Kabul or Basra , you should not think that I am out among ordinary people , asking questions of all sides .
I am usually inside an American military bubble . ”
But there is nothing stopping him and other war supporters from leaving their bubbles to report on the civilian suffering they helped produce , any more than the N.Y .
Times is prevented from taking Iraq ’s civilian dead as serious as American ones .
Christopher Hitchens ’ Memoirs : A Textbook Case of Non-Humanity
Chris Hedges ’ concern for post- invasion civilian suffering contrasts sharply with Hitchens ’ memoirs .
Ample time has passed for Hitchens to provide a moral reckoning of the human costs and benefits of the invasion , and to apologize to both Iraqi victims and the millions of antiwar Americans whose concerns about post - invasion civilian suffering have proven so much more accurate than his own — and whose personhood he so demeaned with epithets like “ moral imbeciles , ” “ noisy morons , ” “ overbred and gutless , ” “ naive ” and “ foolish . ”
Hitchens ’ memoirs provide a textbook case of nonhumanity .
For while proudly bragging of helping cause the invasion , he does not even mention let alone acknowledge responsibility for the civilian suffering to which it led .
He writes movingly , for example , of a fine young American , Mark Daily , who volunteered to fight in Iraq partly because of Hitchens ’ pro-war writings and died heroically protecting his fellow - soldiers .
But Hitchens does not mention even one of the countless Iraqis who did not volunteer to have their lives destroyed following the invasion he claimed would help them .
He properly befriended Daily ’s parents , but does not discuss a single Iraqi parent among hundreds of thousands whose loss is equally great .
And he does not even mention the overall scale of Iraqi civilian suffering under U.S. occupation : 5 - 10 million murdered , maimed , homeless , unjustly imprisoned , tortured and impoverished innocent civilians have all been consigned to the dustbin of his – and America ’s — history .
Ignoring post- invasion civilian suffering , of course , also allows Hitchens to avoid his and America ’s responsibility for it .
He instead admits and then excuses himself for far smaller errors , e.g. writing that “ it is here that I ought to make my most painful self - criticisms …
What I should have been asking Wolfowitz was `does the Army Corps of Engineers have a generator big enough to turn the lights of Baghdad back on ? …
But , not being a professional soldier or quartermaster … I rather tended to assume that things of this practical sort were being taken care of . ”
The Iraqi people ’s post - invasion agony is also trivialized by Hitchens ’ ongoing attempts to blame the “ left ” for Saddam ’s crimes because they failed to rally to his call to invade and occupy Iraq .
By that logic any people who hate their leader but do not support being invaded and occupied indefinitely by U.S. troops are responsible for their own misery .
But , in any event , it is obvious that pre-invasion issues are entirely separate from his and America ’s responsibility for the unspeakable civilian horror that has followed it .
As Iraq Body Count has noted , “ Amnesty International … estimated that violent deaths attributable to Saddam ’s government numbered at most in the hundreds during the years immediately leading up to 2003 .
Those wishing to make the “ more lives ultimately saved ” argument will need to make their comparisons with the number of civilians likely to have been killed had Saddam Hussein ’s reign continued into 2003 - 2004 , not in comparison to the number of deaths for which he was responsible in the 1980s and early 1990s . ”
We have words to describe the act of seeking moral acclaim for helping an individual whose life one harms – “ hypocritical ” or “ shameless ” come to mind .
But we lack even the thought - category to describe claiming moral credit for aiding an entire people while ignoring one ’s responsibility for the broken lives of millions of them .
Many Americans may find themselves called upon to invent such words in coming years , as the mentality that has treated millions of foreigners as nonpeople increasingly affects American lives at home .
Nonhumanity Abroad , Nonhumanity At Home
In today ’s interconnected world , the West ignoring its civilian victims is increasing both terrorism and mass displacements of political and economic refugees .
Increased terrorism and anti-illegal immigrant hysteria threaten American lives , political chaos and increasing police - state measures such as the wiretapping of U.S. citizens and Arizona ’s recent immigration law .
U.S. leaders ’ nonhumanity abroad is increasingly affecting domestic security at home .
The most fundamental question for Americans is whether they too will be treated as nonpeople by U.S. elites should America now be entering a period of long economic decline and resulting political instability — as has already occurred for those homeowners tricked out of their life savings by Wall Street .
Will America respond to hard times as it did in the 1930s by expanding the safety net , taxing the rich and spending to combat unemployment ?
Or will its elites move to secure their own wealth and respond to the protests this will inevitably create with harsh measures ?
Any American who tries to look at U.S. leaders from the perspective of a Lao refugee , an innocent Iraqi prisoner , a Haitian slum - dweller or a Helmand housewife terrorized at the prospect of the next U.S. offensive , can only shudder at such questions .
Steve Silberman reflects on the life of poet Peter Orlovsky .
Photos by Cliff Fyman , used with permission .
Saxifrage is my flower that splits the rocks
— William Carlos Williams
The night I met Allen Ginsberg in 1976 , his lifelong companion Peter Orlovsky raised a handkerchief to Allen ’s nose a fraction of a second before he sneezed .
We were in a basement club in Greenwich Village commemorating the death of Neal Cassady , one of Allen ’s great loves , and the muse of Jack Kerouac ’s novel On the Road .
The poet had a bad cold , and it was his second reading of the night .
Anticipating Allen ’s need for a handkerchief was just one way Peter manifested what photographer Elsa Dorfman called his “ unearthly sensitivity and caring ” in an email to a friend after Peter died last Sunday .
Kids , animals , and growing things adored Peter .
Just before writing “ Howl , ” Allen pledged his love to him , recognizing in him a character out of a Russian novel : the saintly shepherd , a holy innocent .
In Foster ’s cafeteria in San Francisco in 1955 , the two men grasped hands and vowed never to go to heaven unless the other could get in — a true marriage of souls .
“ At that instant we looked into each other ’s eyes , ” Allen wrote , “ and there was a kind of celestial cold fire that crept over us and blazed up and illuminated the entire cafeteria and made it an eternal place . ”
At Allen ’s urging , Peter also became a poet .
In 1978 , City Lights published a collection of his work with the memorable title Clean Asshole Poems and Smiling Vegetable Songs .
( The vegetables were those Peter grew with tireless enthusiasm on the couple ’s organic farm in Cherry Valley , New York , bought as a respite from the grit and druggy temptations of their neighborhood on the Lower East Side . )
While no one would have compared Peter ’s creative output to Allen ’s , his poems – sometimes only a single line – could be remarkably pure and surprising , even luminous .
Poet Thom Gunn once told me that the 19th century British poet and artist William Blake – whom Ginsberg took as his first guru — had written in the voice of an aggrieved adult child , a grown man who saw the suffering of the world free of the blinders of conventional wisdom and dull maturity .
That was Peter , too , responding empathetically to every sentient being around him , from a starving leper on the streets of Benares to a pig with a broken jaw at the farm .
Even Peter ’s idiosyncratic spelling ( his first poem was published with the title “ Frist Poem ” ) insisted on its own untrammeled vitality ; his poems were like goofy , glorious weeds flowering in the cracks of official “ poetic ” language .
Impossible happiness said the moon tooning its guitar
***
SIGN UP FOR LION’S ROAR NEWSLETTERS
Get even more Buddhist wisdom delivered straight to your inbox !
Sign up for Lion ’s Roar free email newsletters .
Leave this field empty if you 're human :
My heart is always not in the right place
***
I just dident expect to see the same
horrible infested condition on the
exact opposite side of her body –
I was now more surprissed and
taken aback – and now I Looked
into her eyes & she had very
dark olive calm eyes peasefull sweet sad
eyes that seemed to tell me
I am okay – its nice of you
to have some food brought to me
and I want to thank you
but I do n’t know yr Language
so I say silently with my
eyes …
A few months after the reading in the Village , I became one of Allen ’s apprentices in the Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics at Naropa Institute in Boulder , Colorado .
Other writer - heroes of mine , like William Burroughs and Gregory Corso , taught there too , as did Buddhist teachers like Jack Kornfield and Taizan Maezumi- roshi , founder of the Los Angeles Zen Center , who showed me how to meditate .
It was Allen ’s belief that the best education came not from niggling over line breaks and metaphors in airless workshops , but from living with poets and seeing how their minds worked in ordinary situations .
( In an old Hasidic folktale , a young man says he is making a pilgrimage to a renowned rabbi not to discuss Torah , but to watch him tie his bootlaces . )
One virtue of this approach was that seeing a world - famous poet in his underwear in the morning , turning the pages of The New York Times , tended to strip one of exalted illusions .
These Beat Generation icons sweated , gossiped , got crabby about the littlest things , schlepped to the supermarket ( except when they had me do it ) , made clumsy passes at sexy young poets , and had enormous and very fragile egos .
In short , they were a mess , but as my Buddhist poet friend Marc Olmsted puts it in his best Burroughsian drawl , “ It ’s Samsara , my dear , we ’re all a mess . ”
Yet they got it done — the Real Work of making poems , building community , and encouraging each other to be honest , conscious , and awake to the fierce beauty of every passing moment , every breath .
At Naropa , life , art , and Buddhist practice were indistinguishable .
That was the point .
That said , when I started coming to Allen ’s townhouse apartment in the mornings to transcribe his notebooks , I was a little shocked to find Peter snoring on the couch as some handsome aspiring Beat strolled down from the master bedroom in a towel .
It was only years later that I fully understood the intricacies of Allen ’s and Peter ’s arrangement .
Though they were the first gay male couple that many people had ever heard of , Peter was n’t , in any strict sense , gay .
He was more physically attracted to women , and responded to them in ways that Allen could n’t .
They both had other lovers on the side .
So why had Peter virtually married Allen ?
Because they adored one another .
They were soul brothers , beyond categories .
Their love and mutual devotion was another weed that flourished in the cracks – an impossible happiness .
.
Not that the impossible is easy .
My first summer at Naropa , Peter was in marvelous shape .
He was tanned and muscular from working on the farm , meditating a lot , and eating healthily .
( Like Allen , he touted the life - saving virtues of whatever latest food kick he was on , from bee pollen to macrobiotics .
On a typical morning at the farm in 1979 , he told the young poet Cliff Fyman , “ Molasses makes you shit good and feel at one with the universe and natural earth cycle ! ” )
Best of all , Peter was n’t drinking or on hard drugs that summer .
He glowed .
Ever willing to help , he chauffeured famous poets , musicians , and gurus around Boulder , kept the townhouse spotless , and provided a buffer for Allen , who was shorter - tempered than usual , perhaps because his father Louis had died just a few months before .
Peter kept a benevolent eye on the scruffy members of Allen ’s inner circle even when Allen was too busy being legendary to do so .
The day I told Peter that I was going to San Francisco for the first time , he patted 19 - year - old me on the head and said , “ Oooh , do n’t get in trouble . ”
Peter knew from trouble .
Growing up on Long Island , the Orlovskys had been so poor they lived in a chicken coop .
Peter ’s mother , brothers , and sister spent most of their lives in institutions , struggling with schizophrenia , mental retardation , and other conditions .
His mother Kate had been struck deaf and partially paralyzed in a botched operation by a drunk doctor .
No wonder Peter grew into a young man attuned to the suffering of others .
When Allen met him in 1954 , Peter had been honorably discharged from the Army – where he worked as an ambulance driver — for telling a psychiatrist , “ An army with guns is an army against love . ”
Photographs of Peter with his family are heart - wrenching : the holy innocent in a charnel ground .
.
Together Peter and Allen traveled all over , sowing seeds of poetry , tenderness , public candor , and American Buddhism worldwide .
They hung out with Burroughs in Tangier , smoked ganja and contemplated burning corpses in ghats along the Ganges , wrote Charlie Chaplin a fan letter from Benares , and visited the young Dalai Lama in Dharamsala .
They also meditated side - by - side on railroad tracks in Denver to block a delivery of radioactive material to the leak - prone Rocky Flats nuclear power plant .
Often , a reading by Allen at some illustrious academic institution would feature Peter unselfconsciously yodeling away with a banjo about the joys of shoveling shit on their farm .
Hay Rassberrys with your little red hat on
How we love to pick you in the early morning light
Never will I forget how sweet you are !
.
Alas , when I returned to Naropa in 1987 to be Allen ’s teaching assistant , it was Peter who had gotten into trouble .
He was using heavy drugs , getting angry a lot , and got into a drunken brawl with British psychologist R.D. Laing that resulted in 60 - year - old Allen bruising his knee and tailbone , and fracturing his pinky , when the police accidentally shoved him to the ground .
( “ The sidewalk reared up and whacked me on the ass ! ” Allen told their friends . )
Peter ’s genes were stacked against him .
His last years with Allen were difficult , as his drug and drinking problems , aggravated by bouts of psychosis , got the upper hand .
On the advice of singer Marianne Faithfull , Allen and Peter sought the help of a 12 - step program .
There , Allen came to understand the ways that he had unconsciously encouraged Peter ’s dependence on him .
They even officially separated for a time , while Peter continued to have girlfriends .
But Allen made sure that his old buddy always had a roof over his head .
When Allen drew his last breaths after midnight on April 5 , 1997 , Peter was beside him .
“ Goodbye , darling , ” he said , kissing the poet ’s head just before the moment of death , making good on his vow .
The last time I saw Peter was shortly after that , at an auction of Allen ’s shirts , photographs , and other personal effects at Sotheby ’s in New York City .
The blue - haired ladies taking names at the door looked wary of the bearded stranger claiming to be on the guest list .
“ Well , who are you ? ” one of them finally asked .
“ I ’m Mrs. Allen Ginsberg ! ” Peter roared .
They let him in .
And Allen made good on his vow to Peter as well .
Money from the Ginsberg Trust helped Peter escape the city and buy a modest house in St. Johnsbury , Vermont .
There , Chuck and Judy Lief , senior students of Allen ’s Buddhist teacher , the Vidyadhara Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche , cared for him in his last years , with the help of other member of the Shambhala sangha .
Peter died of lung cancer at the Vermont Respite House in Williston on Sunday morning , May 30 , 2010 , surrounded by old friends like poet Anne Waldman , co-founder of the Jack Kerouac School .
Chuck wrote to me shortly after Peter died :
Despite becoming more and more reliant on oxygen , Peter was a dedicated member of the small St. Johnsbury meditation center , and a frequent participant at celebrations and major events at Karme Choling .
He had a meditation instructor , and looked forward to getting copies of each new book of the Vidyadhara ’s teachings as they were published .
He enjoyed receiving letters and calls from old friends .
Even though he did not write in the later years , Peter noticed everything going on around him , using the poet ’s mind which Allen found so naturally present .
Goodbye little Peter , gentle Peter .
Never will I forget how sweet you were .
.
Log 17 Dec 2004 - Site created .
19 Feb 2005 - City names and highways removed from sample maps ; central region maps added ; northwestern and northeastern regional maps extended .
27 Feb 2005 - Began effort to include BFRO reports prior to 1990 .
12 Jun 2005 - Substantially completed mapping the pre-1990 BFRO reports .
16 Jun 2005 - Completed hyperlinks to BFRO reports .
( Hyperlink capability was not included in Topo USA when this project commenced , so a significant portion of post 1990 reports did not originally include hyperlinks to the source web site . )
20 Jun 2005 - Over 99 % of BFRO reports mapped .
Reorganized reports by type ( creature sighting , track / sign , audible ) .
Recompiled regional sample maps for this web site to include only BFRO reports of creature sightings .
While the map data files include reports of tracks and audible encounters and sighting reports from other organizations , these have been left out of the regional maps to minimize clutter at the scale displayed .
21 Jun 2005 - Enhanced regional sample map selection to improve coverage .
25 Jun 2005 - Added links to a sample detailed maps .
04 Jul 2005 - Added all reports for Pennsylvania Bigfoot Society .
08 Jul 2005 - Added all reports for Eastern Ohio Bigfoot Information Center .
10 Jul 2005 - Added all reports for Texas Bigfoot Research Center **.
24 Jul 2005 - Added all reports for Virginia Bigfoot Research Organization .
12 Feb 2006 - Added all reports for Sasquatch Research Initiative .
20 Feb 2006 - Added . kmz formatted file for viewing with Google Earth® .
. 26 Mar 2006 - Google Earth version enhanced to improve display clarity .
16 Jul 2006 - Completed addition of reports for the International Bigfoot Society .
* Data currently include IBS reports with credibility rating of 1 , 2 , or 3 for all US and Canadian states and provinces .
Note : The International Bigfoot Society web site was taken down in March of 2009 .
This means that all the links I have included to IBS reports are permanently broken .
Also it appears that none of the individual IBS report pages have been archived on the Internet Archive Wayback Machine , so I am unable to re-link to them there as I did with the older TBRC reports .
Fortunately the Wayback Machine has archived the state & province report indexes from the IBS site .
This means that there is still a brief summary of each report available in the relevant state index .
Unfortunately you will have to manually search through the state listings to find any information regarding the IBS reports I have mapped here .
17 Jul 2006 - Overview and sample maps updated with most recent data using DeLorme Topo USA 6 .
State sample maps added .
06 Nov 2006 - Added Michigan sample maps .
18 Nov 2006 - Strengthened disclaimer on approximate nature of report locations .
26 Jan 2007 - Added Google Earth overview image
18 Mar 2007 - Added valid timestamp tags for use with Google Earth 4 Timeline capability .
04 Aug 2007 - Added Western Canadian Sasquatch Research Organization reports ( see 16 Mar 2010 note ) .
09 Dec 2007 - Added OregonBigfooot reports .
15 Jan 2008 - Added Winnepeg River Sasquatch Association reports ( see 16 Mar 2010 note . )
26 Feb 2008 - Added Bobbie Short 's Bigfoot Encounters reports .
27 Feb 2008 - Added Ontario Sasquatch Research reports .
14 May 2008 - ** Revised links for older TBRC reports .
The TBRC totally redesigned their web site earlier this year which broke the links for all reports mapped from the original web site .
So those URLs have now been revised to link to archived web pages stored by The Wayback Machine . [ 6 ]
Organization name changed to North American Wood Ape Conservancy in April 2013 .
01 Feb 2009 - Added Google Earth Plugin viewing capablity .
11 Aug 2010 - The International Bigfoot Society web site was taken down in March of 2009 .
See note above under 16 Jul 2006 .
12 Mar 2010 - Completed mapping Tirademan 's historical newspaper archive reports .
These older reports illustrate how this phenomenon can be traced back much earlier than many people realize .
****
Unfortunately Tirademan 's valuable newspaper clipping collection is no longer available online due to the dissolution of the old bigfootforums.com .
Nor is an archive available on The Wayback Machine , due to crawler prohibition by the new bigfootforums.com at the same url .
16 Mar 2010 - *** Revised links for reports from the Western Canadian Sasquatch Research Organization and the Winnipeg River Sasquatch Research Association to point to archived pages of the Wayback Machine .
The sites of both organizatons were taken down some time after they were mapped .
Unfortunately archives are currently incomplete for both organizations ' sites .
Also fixed ( finally ! ) the WCRSO DeLorme TopoUSA draw files to correctly display report names ( i.e. , dates ) instead of hyperlinks .
20 Mar 2010 - Revamped web page design .
Aug 2010 - Lots of good discussion regarding this project was lost due to disintegration of the old Bigfoot Forums .
Unfortunately there are not even archival copies on the Wayback Machine site .
General discussion thread .
GoogleEarth thread .
Feel free to post questions and comments on the new BFF .
17 Oct 2010 - Added Kentucky Bigfoot reports ( preliminary ) .
16 Jan 2012 - Updated Kentucky Bigfoot reports .
16 Jan 2012 - Updated Pennsylvania Bigfoot Society reports .
02 Jul 2012 - [ 5 ]
The Sasquatch Research Initiative Web Site has been taken down , and since the site was not archivable by the Wayback Machine project , all links to the organization 's reports are permanently broken .
06 May 2013 - Updated Pennsylvania Bigfoot Society Reports , [ 6 ]
Texas Bigfoot Conservancy has changed name to North American Wood Ape Conservancy .
This change is not yet reflected here .
05 Aug 2013 - Updated Kentucky Bigfoot Reports .
14 Dec 2014 - Updated Pennsylvania Bigfoot Society Reports
14 Dec 2014 - Updated Kentucky Bigfoot Reports .
Subsequent efforts may include : adding reports from other research organizations ; preparing analytical maps by time frame and report type .
[ / caption ]
The CoRoT ( Convection , Rotation and Transits ) spacecraft has been busy , and using this exoplanet - finding - machine astronomers recently found six new extrasolar planets , which contain an odd assortment of new worlds .
They include shrunken - Saturns to bloated hot Jupiters , as well a rare brown dwarf with 60 times the mass of Jupiter .
“ Each of these planets is interesting in its own right , but what is really fascinating is how diverse they are , ” said co-investigator Dr Suzanne Aigrain from Oxford University ’s Department of Physics .
“ Planets are intrinsically complex objects , and we have much to learn about them yet . ”
CoRoT is dedicated to looking for planets orbiting other stars , and finds them when they transit , or pass in front of their stars .
CoRot now has found 15 of the total 461 exoplanets .
Once CoRoT detects a transit , additional observations are made from the ground , using a number of telescopes all over the world .
Although astronomers cannot see the planets directly , they use the space - and ground - based data to measure the sizes , masses , and orbits of these new planets precisely .
This is why , among all known exoplanets , those with transits yield the most complete information about planet formation and evolution .
‘ Every discovery of an extrasolar planetary system is a new piece in the puzzle of how these systems do form and evolve .
The more systems we uncover , the better we can hope to understand the processes at play , ’ said Magali Deleuil , researcher at the Laboratoire d’Astrophysique de Marseille ( LAM ) and head of the CoRoT exoplanet program .
The six new planets are :
CoRoT - 8b : the smallest in this batch :
At about 70 % of the size and mass of Saturn , CoRoT - 8b is moderately small among the previously known transiting exoplanets .
Its internal structure should be similar to that of ice giants , like Uranus and Neptune , in the Solar System .
It is the smallest planet discovered by the CoRoT team so far after CoRoT - 7b , the first transiting Super - Earth .
CoRoT - 10b : the eccentric giant :
The orbit of CoRoT - 10 b is so elongated that the planet passes both very close to and very far away from its star .
The amount of radiation it receives from the star varies tenfold in intensity , and scientists estimate that its surface temperature may increase from 250 to 600 °C , all in the space of 13 Earth - days ( the length of the year on CoRoT - 10 b ) .
CoRoT - 11b : the planet whose star does the twist : CoRoT - 11 , the host star of CoRoT - 11b , rotates around its axis in 40 hours .
For comparison , the Sun ’s rotation period is 26 days .
It is particularly difficult to confirm planets around rapidly rotating stars , so this detection is a significant achievement for the CoRoT team .
CoRoT - 12b , 13 b and 14b : a trio of giants :
These three planets all orbit close to their host star but have very different properties .
Although CoRoT - 13b is smaller than Jupiter , it is twice as dense .
This suggests the presence of a massive rocky core inside the planet .
With a radius 50 % large than Jupiter ’s ( or 16 times larger than the Earth ’s ) , CoRoT - 12 b belongs to the family of `bloated hot Jupiters ’ , whose anomalously large sizes are due to the intense stellar radiation they receive .
On the other hand , CoRoT - 14 b , which is even closer to its parent star , has a size similar to Jupiter ’s .
It is also massive , 7.5 times the mass of Jupiter , which may explain why it is less puffed up .
Such very massive and very hot planets are rare , CoRoT - 14b is only the second one discovered so far .
CoRoT - 15b : the brown dwarf : CoRoT - 15 b ’s mass is about 60 times that of Jupiter .
This makes it incredibly dense , about 40 times more so than Jupiter .
For that reason , it is classified as a brown dwarf , intermediate in nature between planets and stars .
Brown dwarfs are much rarer than planets , which makes this discovery all the more exciting .
Source : Oxford University
OTTAWA — A new , all - news network directed by Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s former chief spokesman could soon be coming to Canadian living rooms .
Quebecor Media Inc. , has filed an application for an English - language TV news network with the CRTC , the federal broadcast regulator .
The application comes in concert with Quebecor ’s appointment of Kory Teneycke — Harper ’s former communications director — as vice - president of development .
Teneycke , who left the Prime Minister ’s Office less than a year ago , has been working on contract with Quebecor for months amid persistent reports of the development of a new , right - wing news channel modelled on the highly successful Fox News in the United States .
“ The one thing that makes Ottawa such an interesting place is there ’s a never - ending series of rumours being generated , ” Teneycke said in an interview Wednesday .
“ Some of which are true , some of which are false and some of which are partially true .
We ’ll provide clarity on all these matters in due course , but we really do n’t have anything to say today . ”
Teneycke has been given oversight of the QMI bureau in Ottawa , which covers parliamentary affairs for the Sun Media chain of newspapers .
A spokesman for the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission confirmed the Quebecor network application was received late last week , and will be open to public and stakeholder comment once the application is determined to be complete and in order .
The public consultations and final ruling on such applications typically take months .
By hiring Teneycke , Quebecor and its president and CEO Pierre Karl Peladeau are following the path of Fox News Channel , whose founding president Roger Ailes is a former communications adviser to Republican presidents Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan and George Bush Sr .
Fox News was launched to widespread derision in 1996 but has since become the most watched news network in the United States , surpassing CNN and MSNBC .
But Chris Waddell , chair of Carleton University ’s business and financial journalism program , suggests Quebecor faces a long slog .
Waddell says the two current English - language news channels in Canada — CBCNN and CTV News Channel — only get about one per cent each of the TV viewing audience .
He notes Al Jazeera English received approval for Canadian distribution last November and began broadcasting last month .
Quebecor owns tiny Sun TV in Toronto and television properties in Quebec , but has little television infrastructure elsewhere across the country .
“ The interesting question is , where would they get their material ?
Or would it be a channel solely devoted to people sitting around tables talking ? ”
Waddell said .
“ To do a real news channel is a big investment and lots of money . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He also notes that specialty channels such as the Business News Network can pitch paying advertisers on a very focused demographic .
“ I ’m not sure what the demographic is that ( Quebecor ) would pitch it to , ” said Waddell .
“ Is it conservative people ?
If in fact it is a Fox News North , or whatever , what ’s the demographic of conservative people ?
I do n’t know . ”
Sources familiar with the project say Quebecor has considered its own news channel for almost a year .
Teneycke has pitched Peladeau on a concept that would be less traditional and more pugnacious and provocative than what ’s currently being offered by CBC News Network and CTV’s Newsnet .
Liberal Heritage critic Pablo Rodriguez reacted with caution to the proposed network .
“ Competition is always welcome , normally when you have good competition , it ’s the consumer that benefits , ” Rodriguez said in an interview .
“ But I would be wary of having a channel like Fox News that ’s driven by ideology . ”
But NDP MP Charlie Angus reacted to Quebecor ’s bid with guns blazing .
“ One of the problems they ’re going to face is that there is actually an obligation in Canada — unlike the United States — to have some balance ( in news reporting ) , ” said Angus .
“ Having Kory anywhere near the project kind of blows that obligation out of the water . ”
Angus said he fears the Conservatives will bend to Quebecor ’s policy demands “ and in return he ’ll let the Kory Tenecyke treat the service as in - house media for the Conservative machine . ”
Read more about :
After an absence of two years , Bertone returns to the Geneva Motor Show with a beautiful Alfa Romeo concept car called the Pandion .
The Bertone Pandion has been created to celebrate Alfa Romeo ’s hundred year anniversary .
The Bertone Pandion is powered by a 4.7 litre 8 - cylinder Alfa Romeo engine , but at this point the design of the Pandion is far more important than the motorization and performance .
The Pandion is the first car produced by Mike Robinson , the new Design Director at Bertone .
The Pandion can be described as a dream car that draws it name from an Osprey in the animal world .
The doors that stretch from front to rear fender open up 90 degrees and stretch out 3.7 meters into the sky when fully opened .
The sharp and clean lines of the body of the car are contrasting to the rear of the car where an ‘ open - end ’ show what looks like internal parts of the car have been ripped out by the sheer speed of the car .
The Italian design company points out that this should add a lot of motion to the car , to make it look as if it ’s moving even when it is standing still .
The Bertone Pandion certainly has a dynamic design and we hope to see it on the road some day !
Robert Gibbs does n’t know if Obama was born in the United States
World Net Daily ’s Lester Kinsolving asked Robert Gibbs a question about President Obama ’s Social Security number ( In case you have n’t kept up with that part of the Obama mystery , your social security number indicates you were born in .
The number says the President was born in Connecticut , but neither Obama nor his mother ever suggested that they lived in that state ) .
Instead of answering the question that was asked , Gibbs attempted to deflect it by bringing up the issue of Obama ’s birth certificate .
It ’s a very strange exchange .
Very strange , indeed .
The nation 's first file sharing copyright infringement trial has morphed into a legal Groundhog Day .
In a bid to avoid a third trial – after two mistrials – the Minnesota federal judge presiding over the 4 - year - old Jammie Thomas - Rasset case wants the Recording Industry Association of American and the defendant to negotiate a settlement .
But , as Thomas - Rasset 's attorney , Joe Sibley , said in a telephone interview Monday , a settlement is not likely to happen .
The reason is both sides are a universe apart on what it would take to avoid a third trial .
That 's why there were two trials : neither party would budge during court - ordered negotiations :
Under the latest failed negotiations , Thomas refused in January to pay anything .
The RIAA wanted $ 25,000 for the 24 tracks two federal juries concluded she pilfered on Kazaa .
That offer came after a second Minnesota jury had awarded $ 1.92 million , and the judge reduced it to $ 54,000 a year ago .
" There is nothing we have to offer they would be willing to accept , " Sibley said Monday .
He added that Thomas - Rasset might agree to settle for the statutory minimum $ 750 a track .
" We 've always hoped Ms. Thomas would accept responsibility and join us at the settlement table – especially after a judge and two different juries affirmed her clear liability .
But her approach so far … does not make for productive settlement discussions , " RIAA spokeswoman Cara Duckworth said via an e-mail .
The Copyright Act allows a jury to award damages of up to $ 150,000 per purloined download .
The Obama administration supported the nearly $ 2 million judgment .
U.S. District Judge Michael declared the $ 1.92 million verdict " shocking " and said damage awards " must bear some relation to actual damages . "
Davis ' decision was the first time a judge has reduced the amount of damages in a Copyright Act case .
A third trial , scheduled for Oct. 4 , would involve a jury assuming the woman 's liability and affixing a new damages figure .
Because of the posture of the case , the parties could not directly appeal the judge 's decision last year lowering the jury 's verdict .
Assuming the judge reduces the damages again after the October trial , the appeals courts would be more inclined to take the case to avoid another day of legal ground hog , legal experts said .
Among the big bones of contention that would be addressed on appeal , Sibley claims damages under the Copyright Act are unconstitutionally excessive .
The RIAA claims the judge did not have the power to lower a Copyright Act jury award .
Thomas - Rasset , of Brainerd , Minnesota , famously lost her first trial in 2007 , resulting in a $ 222,000 judgment .
But months after the four - day trial was over , Judge Davis declared a mistrial , saying he'd incorrectly instructed the jury that merely making copyrighted work available on a file sharing program constituted infringement , regardless of whether anybody downloaded the content .
He ordered both sides to the settlement table , where no deal was reached .
The only other file sharing case to have gone to trial resulted in a Boston jury in July awarding the RIAA $ 675,000 for 30 songs .
A decision is pending on whether that award should be reduced .
Most of the thousands of RIAA file sharing cases against individuals settled out of court for a few thousand dollars .
See Also :
Friday 's jobs report was pretty rough , but actually the unemployment rate dipped to 9.7 % .
That 's because , despite the lack of private sector hiring , a large swath of jobseekers decided to , for whatever reason , quit the workforce .
As Annaly Capital Management ( via PragCap ) notes , the civilian labor force fell by 322,000 May .
The spike up in the total flow from those " unemployed " to " not in the labor force " follow what looked like a couple of months worth of the reverse : people moving on net from not in the labor force to the unemployed , looking segment .
What it looks like is that a lot of frustrated workers were sold on the idea that there was some kind of recovery underway , and then realized they 'd been lied to .
Those lucky chaps over at IGN have just posted this brand new international trailer for Predators .
The movie is released in UK cinemas 8th July and stars Adrien Brody , Danny Trejo , Alice Braga , Lawrence Fishburne , Topher Grace , is directed by Nimród Antal and produced by Robert Rodríguez .
Synopsis : PREDATORS , a bold new chapter in the Predator universe , shot under the creative auspices of Robert Rodriguez , stars Adrien Brody as Royce , a mercenary who reluctantly leads a group of elite warriors who come to realise they ’ve been brought together on an alien planet … as prey .
With the notable exception of a disgraced physician , they are all cold - blooded killers – mercenaries , Yakuza , convicts , death squad members – human “ predators ” that are now being systemically hunted and eliminated by a new breed of alien predators .
I absolutely love this new trailer and the way it ’s been cut together .
The way it looks like it ’s a lovely , peaceful , tranquil forest only to reveal it ’s the forest from hell and is a hunting ground for hungry predators .
Check out the trailer below and tell us what you think in the comments :
A dead fish coated in heavy oil floats near shore on June 4 , near East Grand Terre Island , Louisiana .
Scientists have confirmed the spread of oil from the massive Gulf of Mexico spill more than 40 nautical miles from the disaster site and at a depth of 3,300 feet , a top US official said Tuesday .
Scientists have confirmed the spread of oil from the massive Gulf of Mexico spill more than 40 nautical miles from the disaster site and at a depth of 3,300 feet , a top US official said Tuesday .
The scientific analysis by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration appeared to confirm fears that massive " plumes " of oil are suspended in the Gulf waters , greatly complicating any hope of cleaning up the spill .
NOAA 's research offers proof that vast quantities of oil have spread not just along the ocean 's surface , but at a great depth underwater .
" NOAA is confirming the presence of very low concentrations of subsurface oil at sampling depths ranging from the surface to 3,300 feet at locations 40 to 42 nautical miles northeast of the well site , " agency head Jane Lubchenco , told a news conference .
Scientists have said that in addition to being nearly impossible to clean up , the oil plumes could deplete oxygen in the Gulf , decimating its abundant sea life .
Meanwhile , the top US official overseeing the spill cleanup and containment effort said Tuesday that he has instructed the US Geological Survey take a new look at the ruptured pipeline and to give him a new estimate of how much oil may actually be pouring out of it , especially after the riser pipe was trimmed last week .
BP trimmed the riser so that it could be outfitted with a so - called lower marine riser package ( LMRP ) to collect and transport oil and gas flowing from the well .
But some experts expressed concern that the maneuver could actually have the effect of increasing the amount of crude spewing from the ruptured pipe .
Allen said he has asked the USGS to confirm whether this is the case .
" They are going to go back and refine the assumptions on the original flow rate , and then give us their best estimate on the impact of the cut of the riser pipe , " Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen said at Tuesday 's briefing .
Meanwhile , Lubchenco at the same press conference said scientists have completed a process of " fingerprinting " the oil to confirm that it did in fact , come from the BP spill .
" The test results confirm that there is oil subsurface .
We 've always suspected that , but it 's good to have confirmation , " the NOAA chief said .
She said scientists working with NOAA are trying to assemble " a three - dimensional puzzle , so that we can have a better sense of what 's where , in what amounts , and what impact it 's having , " Lubchenco said .
The analysis , which she said is being carried out by NOAA in concert with experts at the University of South Florida , rules out that the oil could have come from any source other than the BP spill .
" We 've been tracking where the oil is going at the surface and where it is going below the surface , " Lubchenco said , calling the BP oil spill is " a human tragedy and an environmental disaster . "
She added however that some oil found 142 miles southeast of the well site had been found in tests to be " not consistent " with the BP oil , explaining some oil was naturally occurring in the Gulf .
Lubchenco said the work to determine just how far the BP oil is spreading is ongoing , and that other ships have been sent out in the Gulf to take new water samples .
" Those are in the lab being analyzed now , " she said .
" We will report on those as soon as we can . "
Millions of gallons of crude have poured in the Gulf of Mexico since the April 20 explosion on the BP - operated Deepwater Horizon rig , lying just off the Louisiana coast .
Explore further Saw stuck in ruptured Gulf oil pipe : official
( c ) 2010 AFP
Theories may be removed if ...
Stated as questions or possibilities ( avoid question marks , " Maybe " , " I think " , etc ) .
More appropriate for another article .
Illogical or previously disproven .
Proven by canon source , and moved to main article .
Speculative and lacking any evidence to support arguments .
Responding to another theory ( use discussion page instead ) .
This does not include responses that can stand alone as its own theory .
Usage of an indented bullet does not imply the statement is a response .
See the Lostpedia theory policy for more details .
Contents show ]
Accent
While both his parents have British accents , Daniel has an American accent because he was raised in America ( possibly Massachusetts ) ; he only studied in England .
After being booted out of Oxford , he returned to his home , where he began living with a caretaker .
Also , only one parent raised him ( Eloise ) and since she did n't seem to be around much , the influence of her accent on Daniel would be weakened even more .
Being raised in the U.S. would have influenced Daniel 's accent more than that of his mother .
The seminal work on this phenomenon ( William Labov , Sociolinguistic Patterns , Univ. of Pennsylvania Press , 1973 ) details research that demonstrates that as children leave home for school , they are more influenced by the linguistic patterns of their peers than of their parents .
The reason Eloise would have raised Daniel in America and not England would have been her estrangement from Charles Widmore ; since he and Penny were in England , Eloise would have wanted to be as far away from them as possible .
Widmore was forced off the island at some point after the Purge , when he was much older .
So he was not living permanently in England until Daniel was in his late teens or early 20s .
, Univ. of Pennsylvania Press , 1973 ) details research that demonstrates that as children leave home for school , they are more influenced by the linguistic patterns of their peers than of their parents .
Faraday was raised in America , but Eloise was n't the one who raised him .
As he was raised in America , possibly in the Northeastern United States ( Massachusetts , New York , Maine , Vermont , etc ) he picked up an American accent .
Given that Faraday could shift through time , he at some unkown point , shifted to an earlier point in time , and learnt to play Fantaisie - Impromptu in C Sharp and use it as some sort of a memory aid .
Eloise could have raised him .
Children born of immigrant parents with accents do not develop accents themselves ( although they can usually do excellent impressions of their parents ' accents ) .
Faraday has no sign of an accent from the Northeast .
Jeremy Davies was born in Michigan and grew up in Kansas and California .
It is possible to detect the origin of some of the actors if you are skilled in linguistics .
Terry O'Quinn ( Locke ) is clearly from the Midwest even though Locke grew up in California , Evangeline Lilly 's Canadian accent faintly comes through at certain points , and Ken Leung screws up his line in " Some Like It Hoth " when he says he was waiting " on line " at the cafeteria instead of " in line , " something nobody his age from Encino would ever say .
Where the name Faraday came from
The name " Faraday " did not come from his mother , Ms. Hawking , or his father , Mr. Widmore .
However , Ms. Hawking named her son after the person she shot in the jungle ; she would have presumably checked his wallet and ID after he died .
Thus , Daniel Faraday was the first person to be named after himself .
Eloise gave Daniel the Faraday surname , because she heard Sayid calling him that in 1977 .
It was crucial for Dan 's destiny .
Eloise Hawking married a man named Faraday after leaving the Island and both mother and son took his name .
After splitting with him , Eloise reverted back to Hawking whilst Daniel kept Faraday .
Eloise did n't want Daniel to know his father was Widmore , due to his infidelity when they were together and that he is a powerful and dangerous man .
She likely made up a story and a last name to keep Daniel from knowing the true identity of his father .
We wo n't find out why his last name is Faraday though , as it is n't really important to the story .
Eloise 's full name as of the 1977 events in " Follow the Leader " is " Eloise Faraday . "
Sometime after " Follow the Leader " , Eloise leaves the Island and gives birth to Daniel , giving him the name Daniel Faraday .
Some time later , she marries a man with the last name " Hawking , " making her " Eloise Hawking . "
" is " Eloise Faraday . "
Sometime after " " , Eloise leaves the Island and gives birth to Daniel , giving him the name Daniel Faraday .
Some time later , she marries a man with the last name " Hawking , " making her " Eloise Hawking . "
Eloise changed his name and told him that it was his father 's name who had passed away .
After Eloise killed Daniel , she read through his journal and saw that his notes on time travel , the Jughead and whatever else he had in there and realized that his breakthroughs in science would be vital to the events taking place on the island .
She pushed Daniel toward 100 % devotion to science his entire life ( no time for music or relationships ) , so when he was born , she named him Faraday ( after the famous Physicist Michael Faraday ) to further push him toward a life of science .
His journal
We know that much of the information in his journal is unclear to us how it got there .
We also know that Daniel tested his invention on himself and that experiment created his memory loss .
Now that Daniel is dead , this is the only event we know about that could have caused him to gather information for his journal that he had n't experienced in the present .
This testing caused him to travel in time ( either physically , or just his mind ) and traveling is when he gathered all the information we see in his journal .
We know that the test on Theresa caused her to go into a coma , leading us to believe that only his mind was traveling in time .
His mind would have had to travel forward in time ( unlike Desmond ) , and after each flash , he wrote the experience in the journal that his mother gave him after he graduated from Oxford .
The journal is new when it 's given to Daniel as a graduation gift .
After receiving the journal , Daniel begins his research with Eloise the rat .
A good scientist writes down all scientific observations in a notebook or journal .
He sends Eloise the rat 's mind to the future briefly , and she knows how to run the maze .
Then he starts experimenting on himself .
He sends his mind to the future on the Island ( DHARMA time ) and writes his observations in his journal .
He does this many times , and has a journal full of bits and pieces from the future on the island .
He experiments on himself too many times and fries his memory .
Daniel says his journal contains " everything he 's learned about the DHARMA Initiative . "
He had this information before he came to the Island on the freighter .
( See his notations about The Orchid in Season 4 as an example . )
That means he must have traveled there previously , sending himself back in time during his experiments .
How else would he know that the Incident was about to occur that afternoon ?
It does n't appear that Eloise gives Dan the journal with the notes .
She gives him a blank journal that he proceeds to fill with notes about the DHARMA Initiative as he conducts his experiments , but he forgets what he has learned and must continually refer to the journal for guidance .
Eloise takes the journal from Daniel after she shoots him .
She uses the journal to know what is going to happen from the day Daniel graduates to the day she sends him back to the Island to die .
She does take his journal after his death , but does not give him it back as his graduation present .
She buys him a new book that would become this journal as he does his experiments .
It 's like a self - fulfilling prophecy ; Eloise gave him the journal , and the information he recorded in it led him to the Island and his death .
His death led Eloise to take the journal and therefore knew to buy him a journal in the first place .
It 's one big loop .
You know , I always just figured he googled " DHARMA Initiative " and copied that into his notebook .
I figured he did research on the DHARMA Initiative while performing his experiments .
They both studied time and I feel Daniel was smart enough to be able to get his hands on DHARMA information .
I do n't think Daniel went into the future , I believe when he tested himself he just created memory loss instead of the desired effect of experiencing the future .
Contains detail of multiple time lines , and will be able to differentiate certain events to come in that certain time line .
Faraday 's time loop is like Locke's
Locke is seen as special by the others in large part because he told Richard and Widmore in 1954 that he would be their leader .
Locke has backed it up by showing that he is different , but he may have never been brought to the Island at all if not for Locke himself speaking to the others in 1954 .
In that same vein , Faraday is in a loop because his mother raised him to be a scientist and will send him off to die .
However , this is only due to the fact that an adult Faraday dies at her feet and leaves a journal predicting this path .
When he was born
He was born after Eloise shot him .
In Follow The Leader , while Jack is asking Richard who Widmore is , there is a scene of Widmore and Eloise talking and he is touching her stomach , indicating his concern for their unborn child : Faraday .
Eloise was pregnant in 1977 .
But as a result of a time travel incident we have n't yet seen , she will give birth to Daniel years earlier .
There is nothing to suggest that Eloise time travelled and gave birth to Daniel years earlier .
However the fact that he has a birth certificate indicates that she somehow left the island between the timing of the Incident and his birth in the US .
When Richard & Eloise accompany Jack & Sayid to remove the core from the bomb , Richard comments that she is pregnant .
Daniel could not have been born in 1977 , because that would mean he was only 19 when he was a professor at Oxford in 1996 - unlikely , even considering his advanced intellect .
It 's very possible and actually happens .
There are child progidies who earn PhDs in their teens .
Google " youngest college graduates " - Sho Yano got 1500 / 1600 on his SAT at 9 years old , earned a PhD at 18 and then an MD at 21 .
The youngest professor in MIT history was 20 .
Daniel states that he was the " youngest doctor to ever graduate from Oxford " ( which means that , if the LOST writers did their research , he was younger than Ruth Lawrence when she graduated , who holds the record at Oxford for earning a Master 's at 15 and PhD at 17 ) .
He could have been 16 or 17 when he graduated and been an assistant professor at 19 .
If so , they would have been eager to have a genius like him stay there to do his research , when he would have been sought by every university in the world .
So while this would have been very impressive , it 's not in the realm of unbelievable .
He knew he was going to get shot / die
Daniel 's mother kept his " full " diary , the one she took after killing him .
That 's how she was able to know the future .
It is therefore possible that Daniel found this " full " diary at some point in the future and read it .
He then deduced that he will die on the day of his last entry , or maybe because it is written there , perhaps by his mother .
In " The Variable " , notice very closely his behavior before being shot ... he counts 1 , 2 , then pauses as if he is waiting for the shot .
It happens very quickly .
Also , he told Kate and Jack earlier that he was a beginner with guns , so there is no way he was going to shoot Richard .
Also , after being shot , he was shocked only because it was his own mother that shot him , not because he was shot .
Daniel did not know when he was going to die as he did not diarise his own death due to his ... death .
That note was never left in his diary as evidenced by his shock when he discovers his own mother sent him back to the island knowing he was going to die .
He had realized that he could die once he considered " the variables " that meant any of them could die , but that does n't mean he was sure he would .
If he had known he was going to die but not how , then his shock would have been that his mother was the one who killed him .
He would have replied with something to that effect , e.g . " It was you ! " rather than " You knew all along ! "
Discovering Desmond is Special
Faraday , while having problems with his memory , told Desmond to meet him in Oxford and tell him the settings for his machine , because he figures that this is what has always happened .
However , when he gets his memory back he remembers that this is n't the case .
Desmond has somehow managed to cause a change in the past .
He tells Desmond to find Eloise , but why ?
She already knew he was on the island .
In actuality , this was Faraday 's way of alerting Hawking to Desmond 's importance .
Daniel asked for her specifically because there 's some time voodoo going on .
Since Desmond is able to communicate with Faraday , he must be able to get around the restrictions of time travel .
Daniel is the ' clever man ' who created the Pendulum
We assist businesses with starting up and staying going .
As someone once said , the only man who can tell a room full of people they are doomed and get a standing ovation , Marc Faber , gives a terrific hour long presentation to the Mises Circle in Manhattan on May 22 , discussing the economy , interest rates , markets , why having massive output gaps ( see previous post for Bernanke 's most recent dose of lunacy on the matter ) and hyperinflation can easily coexist , why the Fed will never again implement tight monetary policy , why Greenspan is a senile self - contradictor , why Paul Krugman is a broken and scratched record , and the fact that pretty much nothing matters and we are all going to hell .
Little new here for long - term economic skeptics , but a must watch for all neophytes who are still grasping with some of the more confounding concepts of our dead - end Keynesian catastrophe and not only why the world can not get out of the current calamity absent a global debt repudiation , but why gold is the asset to own , even though one must not be dogmatic and shift from asset class to asset class in times of tremendous currency devaluation ( i.e. , such as right now ) .
2010 's must watch Marc Faber presentation .
One thing we disagree with Mr. Faber on , is that Asian banks did not buy CDOs during the housing bubble - this is patently wrong .
As a detailed perusal through the Goldman discovery will confirm , Goldman looked increasingly eastward , first to Europe , and then to Korea , Japan and Taiwan , when finding the dumbest money around to invest in monstrosities such as Timberwolf , Abacus and others .
If Mr. Faber is investing based on the assumption that Asian banks are free of this relic of the credit boom , we urge him to promptly reevaluate his investment thesis as he will certainly lose money here .
Apart from being a writer , I study Engineering and Graphics Design , a subject that ’s evolved the traditional “ Technical Drawing ” .
Of course , the idea usually when taking up this subject , is to further your studies into becoming an architect , engineer , or pursue some sort of design - related field .
A major aspect of engineering and architecture is the use of CAD — computer assisted design software to quicken the drawing process and also produce cool results like 3D models of projects , and scalable drawings .
Whilst there ’s numerous CAD packages available , all ranging in price to fit anybody from the hobbyist to the student to the professional , the one stand - out application — the titan amongst CAD software — is undoubtedly Autodesk ’s AutoCAD software .
However , this industry - standard package has only been available for the Windows platform ( there once was a version of AutoCAD for Mac , but this was canceled many years ago ) .
This is soon to change .
At the beginning of this year , graphics giant Autodesk announced that they would be working on a version of their leading design package for the Mac platform , marking a significant return to Apple ’s platform , and a major step forward in the way Macs are seen in the working world .
And just last week , an early beta testing version was seeded to developers and early testers .
While this beta version is n’t too great — there ’s been reports of a few crashes and it ’s riddled with bugs — the very fact that there will soon be a proper CAD application for the Mac is great .
The Apple Mac has long been considered the “ leisure ” or creativity machine , whilst Windows has been reserved for the “ serious , hard - working number - cruncher ” types .
However , in recent years , with the increasing gain in market share Apple has been experiencing , many technologically conscious people are becoming aware of the potential these beautifully designed machines have .
Imagine the power an engineer would have by harnessing the features and intuitiveness of AutoCAD with the brute power of an 8 core Mac Pro .
This latest move by Autodesk means that most engineers and architects who love their Macs and have to use AutoCAD through a virtual machine ( VMWare Fusion or Parallels ) , or via BootCamp , can now have their entire workflow within one single platform .
Check out a video of the early beta version of AutoCAD for Mac 2011 below .
What do you think of this news ?
Are you an engineer or architect , and relish the move to Mac ?
Share your thoughts in the comments below .
AT&T to Release the HTC Aria on June 20
Still waiting for that ultimate Android phone that will be released under AT&T contract ?
Well , your prayers have been answered as AT&T announces that the Android - powered HTC Aria will be coming to the network on June 20 .
The HTC Aria may not be the most powerful and best looking Android phones to date , but it is packed with several nice features .
Here ’s a quick run-down of the HTC Aria ’s features :
5 mp camera
3.2-inch HVGA display
Capacitive Touch Screen
Optical joystick
HTC Sense UI
Android 2.1
3G speed
Wi-Fi
HSPA compatible at 7.2 Mbps
and specs :
600 MHz Qualcomm MSM 7227 processor
proximity sensor
integrated GPS
digital compass
light sensor
512MB ROM/385MB RAM
microSD card slot
six hours battery life
With those features and specs , you can easily say that the HTC Aria is indeed a full - featured phone that certainly deserves a place among the current crop of Android phones available in the market today .
The HTC Aria will be available at AT&T retail outlets nationwide in the U.S.
You can also order online from http://www.att.com/wireless.
It will set you back for $ 129.99 after $ 100 mail - in rebate plus a two - year AT&T contract that you ’ve wanted all along .
Enoshima Aquarium ( Fujisawa , Japan ) has released some time - lapse footage of a molting Japanese spider crab ( Macrocheira kaempferi ) , whose 3.8 meter ( 12 ft 6 in ) leg span makes it the world 's largest arthropod species .
The video was shot over a 6 - hour period .
+ Video
Advertisements
Sarah Palin ’s 2012 strategy has now become so obvious that even the mainstream media ca n’t miss it .
She is out to sell herself to Republicans as the heir to the legacy of Ronald Reagan .
From her real American stories to constant name dropping of the former president , Palin seems stuck in the 1980s , and obsessed with reanimating the corpse of a political era that has long since past .
Yesterday for the 66th Anniversary of D - Day , Palin took to her Facebook page to reprint some quotes from Reagan ’s 26 year old D - day speech .
Her strategy of name dropping Reagan has become so obvious that even the mainstream sites and bloggers like The Huffington Post and Marc Ambinder have picked up on it .
They both note the fact that Palin kept name dropping Reagan while in Illinois , and they used the mentally challenged kids over at Conservatives for Palin as their reference to push the rumor that Palin will announce her presidential candidacy on February 6 , 2011 .
This is a rumor that I will knock down in just a little bit .
Palin has been sowing the seeds of her plot to cast herself as the new Republican messiah for quite a while now .
Her bombed out Fox News special was titled “ Real American Stories , ” and their website claimed that their mission was to , “ This campaign was created to share American stories and to help us appreciate who we are , where we come from , and how truly fortunate we are to be part of the American experience . ”
Advertisements
It sounds like Sarah is really trying hard to inspire this kind of mood :
Palin ’s new book is described by her publisher Harper Collins as , “ Framed by her strong belief in the importance of family , faith , and patriotism , the book ranges widely over American history , culture , and current affairs , and reflects on the key values — both national and spiritual - that have been such a profound part of Governor Palin ’s life and continue to inform her vision of America ’s future .
Written in her own refreshingly candid voice , America By Heart will include selections from classic and contemporary readings that have moved her - from the nation ’s founding documents to great speeches , sermons , letters , literature and poetry , biography , and even some of her favorite songs and movies .
Here , too , are portraits of some of the extraordinary men and women she admires and who embody her deep love of country , her strong rootedness in faith , and her profound love and appreciation of family . ”
Palin is not only attempting to inherit Reagan ’s legacy , she wants to be Reagan .
It is obvious that Palin is going to wrap herself even tighter in flag in the hope that patriotism , not intellect can carry her to the White House .
Palin ’s strategy is destined to fail , because it is n’t 1980 , or 1984 anymore , Barack Obama is not Jimmy Carter , and Sarah Palin is definitely not Ronald Reagan .
Ronald Reagan was a two term governor of a large state , but Palin could survive a half term in quite possibly the most obscure American state .
Reagan was an outstanding campaigner .
Palin memorizes one stump speech and repeats it over and over , and over again .
Reagan never backed down from an interview .
Palin never grants an interview to anyone other than Fox News .
Reagan had a clearly defined political direction for the country .
Palin has a clearly defined vision to pad her bank account .
As much it must hurt her followers to hear , Sarah Palin is no Ronald Reagan .
Heck , Sarah Palin is n’t even Bob Dole , and even Dan Quayle is more accomplished than Palin ever likely will be .
Lastly , let ’s put this stupid right wing wet dream of Sarah Palin announcing her presidential candidacy in Illinois during Ronald Reagan ’s 100th birthday to bed .
There is one simple reason why Palin wo n’t announce her candidacy on Reagan ’s 100th birthday .
If The Huffington Post , or Marc Ambinder or anyone else pushing this rumor would have done two minutes worth of research , they would have realized that February 6 , 2011 is the date of the Super Bowl .
No presidential candidate , unless they want absolutely zero media coverage , would ever announce their candidacy on Super Bowl Sunday .
This would be like announcing your candidacy on Christmas .
Super Bowl Sunday has become a national holiday , and it would be a waste of time and resources for a candidate to announce that day .
Plus , why would Palin announce in a state , which she has zero chance of carrying ?
The Reagan ’s birthday thing sounds like a rumor made up by fan boys .
Palin will announce , but look for it to be in a Red State , possibly at a big event like the Tea Party convention .
The Reagan ’s birthday rumor makes zero political sense .
DOCTOR WHO :
They were once pals , but now Time Lords Doctor Who and The Master are at each other 's throats .
Miss Marple , James Bond , Dr Who - if you get the chance to play one of these characters , then you must have to face up to the fact that with that large part of the population who possess the loyal gene , you just can't win .
Personally , I still stand by Sean Connery and his Mt Rushmore dimples as Bond , and I 'm possibly the only person in the world who feels a tender nostalgia when I recall Margaret Rutherford 's defiantly wide - of - the- mark Miss Marple seeing something rotten through the train window as she is making her way to St Mary Mead on the 4.51 from Paddington .
Dr Who ( Sunday , 7.30 pm , Prime ) , of course , gets over the loyalty issue by making the title character able to regenerate when near death .
( It 's very useful being a Time Lord .
You should ask for it next time . )
The new Doctor has the same memories but another body .
For the viewer , this is particularly useful given the fact that as you casually channel graze in the desperate hope of finding something worth watching , you can see any number of Dr Whos crossing your screen within seconds of each other .
This logical persona switch does n't stop the viewer from forming attachments , however .
Over the years , as I drift in and out of watching this programme , I 've either bonded or not .
I never much liked Jon Pertwee ( 1970 - 1974 ) .
He was too Restoration foppish .
How many scientists look like that ?
Peter Davison ( 1981 - 1984 ) , looking as if he is about to open at bat for some minor county , is forever a country vet or a country GP or a husband lacking in moral fibre .
Even calling him Doctor made no difference : by dressing him in the way they did - as a country vet , a GP , etc - they just made him even harder to believe in .
In 1996 , we got Paul McCann ( Oscar Wilde with testosterone injections ) , followed briefly in 2005 by a pleasantly unremarkable Christopher Eccleston .
Ah , 2005 .
That regenerated into a good year for Doctor Whos .
David Tennant enhances any screen that frames him , but he was a particularly good choice for this character .
For a start , he has a wired energy and a terrifyingly intelligent face .
If he started to explain , say , black holes , to you , you would shut up and listen and , what 's more , after the explanation , you might well even have a vague idea about what he was on about .
This year , we have got our 11th Doctor and the fuss around the choice of actor to play him equalled the interest in who 's going to get the ball out of the scrum in the Rugby World Cup , or who 's bedding some A - list celebrity .
Down at the bookies they were even taking bets on it .
Matt Smith was a rank outsider .
So how is he filling David Tennant 's huge boots ?
Very well .
If anything , he is even further along the Asperger 's continuum than Tennant .
They resisted the urge to cast someone as physically different as Joseph Paterson and have chosen Smith , who looks far more like the last Doctor than is usual in this series .
He has the same intelligent leanness , and the same ability to distance himself from the emotional .
All Doctors at some stage have to tear themselves out of the arms of an adoring sidekick before disappearing in a Time - Lordish way .
Smith is going to be good at this .
You can tell by the way he does n't get overwhelmed in the current series by the ground taking on a life of its own , in a Kaitangata Twitch sort of way , and dragging hapless people through it .
It 's not the death of an innocent bystander .
It 's a problem to be solved .
With drama of any sort being thin on the ground on our screens , it seems that Doctor Who remains an appealing enough watch .
It does seem to know which bits of tradition to stick with and what to let go .
There has never been a Doctor who has n't surrounded himself with characters to ask the questions that the audience needs answered , whether it be something terrifyingly scientific , or just gut - wrenchingly poignant , such as last night 's " Can you get my Dad back ? "
As with many other British television dramas you watch in the comfortable knowledge that you 're going to be taken to hell but will definitely be coming back .
It 's excellent at creating a scene of placid , often bucolic beauty .
Last night 's episode opened with 2020 - the year , not the vision - but we may as well have been looking at rural Britain 100 years ago , so pleasant were the rolling hills , so solid the stone farm buildings and so permanent the graveyard .
The special - effects department also do fine baddies , or rather rivals .
Last night , the people pulling the apes ( us - that 's how we seem to the sophisticates from the future ) through into the ground owed quite a bit to spiderman .
" You 're beautiful , " says an admiring Doctor to his prisoner from the future .
Well , yes .
That 's because even though she had skin like a well - dressed tuatara , she also had eyes just the right shape and distance apart to nicely fit with a 21st - century idea of beauty .
And although there 's not much good to come out of BP 's oil disaster , the scriptwriters of this latest story must be thinking " Yes ! "
It is all based around a drill too far , a drill too deep .
Sometimes science fiction should be listened to .
The advantage of this app is that it will automagically transfer all the files to your iDevice , but it is only available for Mac users .
However , if you use iPhodroid , you will no longer need a Linux machine or a Linux virtual machine .
Well I ’ll be damned .
I was just about to go to sleep when we got an email from one of FSM ’s readers , Stefano , telling us about iPhodroid and easy automated way to install Android OS on your iPhone 2G and 3G .
As you know , PlanetBeing released the binaries for both iPhone 2G and iPhone 3G , but the installation process is most certainly not accessible to everyone .
If you feel lucky , you can do it manually .
If you want a shortcut , read after the break … .
First things first …
Although this port does everything that you expect your smartphone to be able to do , it is n’t usable for day - to - day activities just yet –I have n’t implemented any power - management functions , so a fully charged iPhone running Android will last only an hour or so .
A few bugs and performance issues remain , too , so while the phone will be usable , it wo n’t be fast .
If you do something unexpected ( such as forcing the iPhone off ) , there is a small chance that you may end up restoring your device .
However , it is impossible for any bugs to brick or disable your iPhone permanently .
Finally , media syncing is not working , so loading your media onto your phone is kind of a pain .
I ’m working as hard as I can , though , and I expect to fix these issues soon .
i Phodroid …
The advantage of this app is that it will automagically transfer all the files to your iDevice , and keeps the device on safe , because no instalaltion is processed .
But it is only available for Mac users .
However , if you use iPhodroid , you will no longer need a Linux machine or a Linux virtual machine .
NOTE : You should disable the auto - lock on your iPhone .
To do this , go to Settings > General > Auto - lock and set it to ‘ Never ’ .
You will need :
a jailbroken iPhone 2G or 3G running firmware 3.1.2 ( NOT 3.1.3 )
the device should be jailbroken with PwnageTool , RedSn0w or Blackra1n .
Wo n’t work with Spirit …
with Spirit … OpenSSH installed with default password ( alpine )
Macfuse installed on your Mac
and of course …
iPhodroid
How to :
Download iPhodroid and extract
Install Macfuse
Run iPhodroid and hit run – the process should take around 5 minutes
Enjoy …
The prime minister has said he wants the new coalition administration to be " the greenest government ever " .
David Cameron was speaking to civil servants at the Department of Energy and Climate Change on his tour around Whitehall to introduce the new government .
Flanked by Liberal Democrat Chris
Huhne who will run the department , Cameron reassured civil servants that the environment was a top priority for him .
" There is a fourth minister in this department who cares passionately about this agenda and that is me , the prime minister , right .
I mean that from the bottom of my heart . "
In his introduction , Huhne said , " Climate change is in my view , our view , the greatest challenge facing mankind , " adding that he wanted to go " further and faster than ever before " .
Cameron used the four - minute speech to formally announce the coalition 's pledge to cut carbon emissions by 10 % in the first 12 months .
He said this would be helped by a new innovation to publish the energy being used by government departments in real time .
This is transparency in action to drive forward the cuts in carbon emissions .
It 's a new way of doing climate change , it 's a new way of doing politics , it 's in the spirit of our age and I think it will make a very big difference , " he said .
Cameron could not resist a side - swipe at the out - going Labour government .
" Something I hope we can do is try and improve the record in terms of tenure of ministers , " he said - a reference to the average term for Labour energy ministers of just over year .
And he framed the coalition 's plan to introduce five - year fixed term parliaments as a benefit for dealing with environmental issues .
" Nowhere are long - term decisions more needed than actually in the fields of energy and climate change and environment . "
The prime minister picked out three areas from Huhne 's in tray that would need special attention - the green economy , climate change and energy security .
" We 've got a real opportunity to drive the green economy to have green jobs , green jobs and make sure we have our share of the industries of the future , " he said .
Deborah Doane , director of the World Development Movement welcomed the commitment to a 10 % reduction in carbon emissions from central government .
But she added , " History will judge this government on its green credentials by its policies to cut the UK 's emissions dramatically and getting a fair international climate deal , not by turning off its lights at night .
It does n't take the scale of the problem seriously , any suggestion that blue and yellow means green government are premature because there are so many unanswered questions about the policies . "
She expressed concern that the coalition agreement and the Conservative manifesto did not say anything about post -Copenhagen climate negotiations .
" This is worrying as the whole Conservative manifesto also ignored its approach to international agreements , " she said .
Will Day the chair of the Sustainable Development Commission an official government watchdog said : " This is an excellent first step , which has the potential pay dividends in terms of saving public money through energy efficiency , and contributing towards a sustainable , low - carbon economy for the future . "
At least 1,000 people are unaccounted for after floods devastated a series of small towns and cities in Brazil 's north - east .
Torrential rain has hammered down on the north - eastern states of Alagoas and Pernambuco , over 1,200 miles ( 2,000 km ) north - east of Rio de Janeiro , since last Thursday causing rivers to swell and at least one dam to burst .
The resulting floods tore through dozens of towns with aerial images showing several areas that had been reduced to giant piles of rubble .
Reports in the local press suggest that as many as 97,000 people have been left homeless while 38 deaths have been confirmed .
" There are places where it looks like someone has dropped an atomic bomb , " Teotonio Vilela Filho , the governor of Alagoas state , one of the two affected regions , told the O Globo newspaper .
" We are praying that they [ the missing ] are still alive .
We are very worried because the bodies have already started washing up on the beaches . "
" In certain areas it looks like what happened in Haiti , " he added , claiming that 70 % of the state 's railway lines had been destroyed by the flooding .
One of the state 's newspapers , Extra Alagoas , said in an editorial : " The scenes are devastating .
It looks like a war zone .
"
In Uniao dos Palmares , one of the worst - hit towns , 500 people were reported to be missing after floods swept through the city , located around 43 miles from the state capital , Maceio .
" When we heard [ the flood was coming ] we tried to save some things but within 10 or 20 minutes the water started invading .
I ran out of my house with my wife and after that I just heard the noise of the houses falling , " 26 - year - old Diogenes Vitorino told the Gazeta de Alagoas newspaper , which compared the destruction to a tsunami .
Maciel Lopes de Goes , a resident of Quebrangulo , another of the affected areas in Alagoas , said he had lost virtually all his possessions .
" I saved my wallet and my mother [ saved ] her mobile phone , " he told the newspaper .
" I think Quebrangulo will become a ghost town .
Nearly everything has gone . "
As rescue teams from Rio de Janeiro made their way to the affected areas yesterday , and air force planes brought medical supplies , there was concern that rain would return .
In the north - eastern tourist capital of Recife , the city 's most famous beach , Boa Viagem , was coated with dark mud and debris that had been washed out to sea by overflowing rivers .
The Brazilian president , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , a native of the country 's impoverished north - east , said a " war effort " would be needed for the region to recover .
" The rain was very heavy and there are many homeless , " he told his weekly radio programme , Breakfast with the President .
" We must wait for the water to fall to make a proper assessment of the damage and see what we can do .
For now we must worry about saving lives . "
In April , over 200 people were killed in Rio de Janeiro after rainstorms triggered landslides in several of its hillside shantytowns .
One slum was swept completely off the map burying at least 47 residents alive .
GOOD news for women with polycystic ovary syndrome – not normally a cause for celebration .
Not only are they just as likely to have children as any other woman , but they have a better chance of conceiving later in life .
Women with PCOS produce more follicles in the ovary every month than is usual .
This interferes with normal hormonal activity and decreases fertility .
Last year it turned out that women with PCOS actually had as many babies as those with normal ovaries .
The natural decline in follicles that happens with age was working to their advantage .
Later menopause
Fahimeh Ramezani Tehrani and colleagues at Shahid Behesht University in Iran wondered if they might also reach menopause later .
Advertisement
The team compared 85 women with PCOS and 89 controls on three occasions over six years ,
They were looking at blood levels of AMT – a hormone used as a marker of ovarian ageing .
They found that AMH declined to menopausal levels two years later in the PCOS group .
This suggests that they have a better chance of conceiving at a later age .
Journal reference : Human Reproduction , DOI : 10.1093/humrep/deq088
Photograph courtesy of Buzz Aldrin .
Even in the company of other astronauts , Buzz Aldrin is still the hippest guy in the room .
At the 2010 Astronaut Hall of Fame induction ceremony , which took place earlier this month at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida , Buzz was the Jack Nicholson to NASA ’s Oscars .
He exuded an effortless cool just by smiling at the crowd , and all eyes were on him even when he was n’t meant to be the center of attention .
The ceremony ’s host , Jon Cryer ( because when you think of astronauts , you think of the guy who played “ Duckie “ ) , perfectly summed up the feelings of pretty much everybody in the audience .
“ From the moment I arrived , ” he said , “ it has been all that I can do to keep from saying , ‘ So Buzz , when you were like on the Moon and stuff , was it awesome ’ ? ”
Of course , Buzz was n’t the only man to walk on the Moon .
There have been eleven others .
But he was the second one to do it .
And as he once reminded Homer Simpson , “ Second comes right after first ! ”
Over the last few months , it seems like Buzz has been everywhere , doing absolutely nothing you ’d expect from an 80 - year - old legend who ’s witnessed magnificent desolation firsthand .
He ’s rapped about rockets with Snoop Dogg , hosted a WWE Raw wrestling match , stolen scenes from Tina Fey on 30 Rock , and did the Cha - cha- cha on Dancing With the Stars .
( A curious side note :
He was the second contestant to be voted off Dancing With the Stars this season , which proves that Buzz is nothing if not consistent . )
Neil Armstrong may ’ve taken a giant leap for mankind , but Buzz tweets and has his own iPhone app .
I met with Buzz prior to the Astronaut Hall of Fame ceremony , at the ungodly hour of 7 a.m .
We talked in the dining room of his Cocoa Beach hotel , where he ’d arrived early for what was only described to me as an “ astronaut ’s breakfast . ”
Being alone in his company , I ’ll confess that I was hoping for the same thing that anybody in my position would .
But no , he did n’t ask me if I wanted to yell at the Moon with him .
Instead , he sipped on several glasses of juice ( a mix of half orange and half cranberry ) and told stories that occasionally rambled , sometimes ending with confusing sentences like “ You have to appreciate these things in rotating coordinates . ”
But you do n’t interrupt Buzz Aldrin .
For one thing , he once punched a reporter in the face for getting uppity .
And also , have you ever walked on the Moon ?
No ?
Then why do n’t you just shut the fuck up .
Here ’s a completely random and perhaps insignificant detail : During our conversation , Buzz had something on his wrist that looked distinctly like a candy bracelet .
I fully admit that I ’m probably very , very wrong , and the bracelet likely had some significance totally unrelated to candy .
But whatever it was , I could n’t take my eyes off of it , and I kept waiting for Buzz to bring the bracelet to his mouth and start nibbling .
Eric Spitznagel :
If you do n’t mind , I ’d like to ask you a question that I wrote when I was five years old .
Buzz Aldrin : Really ?
( Laughs . )
You ’ve been waiting on this one awhile .
My kindergarten teacher had us write letters to astronauts , asking our most burning questions about space travel .
I wrote to you , but I assume you never got my letter .
Oh gosh , how long ago was that ?
I really could n’t tell you .
A common question that growers have is ‘ Can law enforcement use thermal imaging to find my grow room ? ’
The answer is ….
Not without a warrant .
When I was growing up in the 80’s and 90’s , there was a rumor that the National Guard or DEA would fly over neighborhoods with thermal imaging equipment for easy pickings .
Apparently that was true , because it happened to at least one guy on the West Coast ( see attached case ) .
Danny Lee Kyllo lived in a triplex unit on the Oregon Coast , and after agents used thermal imaging to see that he was growing in his garage , he was arrested and charged with cultivation .
After being convicted , and losing on appeal , Mr. Kyllo ’s case made it all the way to the US Supreme Court .
Luckily for growers across America , Mr. Kyllo won at the Supreme Court ( 5 - 4 ) , and it was determined FOREVER that using thermal imaging without a warrant is an unconstitutional search and therefore violates the Fourth Amendment .
The Court reasoned that the inside of one ’s home is where the ‘ greatest expectation to privacy ’ exists in America .
What is really interesting is it was the CONSERVATIVE Justices that decided this case .
Justice Scalia wrote the opinion !
It ’s not every day that something like that occurs .
The Court ’s reasoning is as follows : “ Reversing that approach would leave the homeowner at the mercy of advancing technology — including imaging technology that could discern all human activity in the home .
Also rejected is the Government ’s contention that the thermal imaging was constitutional because it did not detect ‘ intimate details . ’
Such an approach would be wrong in principle because , in the sanctity of the home , all details are intimate details . ”
In my Constitutional Law class I pointed out that thermal imaging can pick up two people having sex , as well as a clear silhouette of a hot body coming out of the shower .
I think that EVERYONE can agree that there is the ‘ greatest expectation of privacy ’ in those instances .
Before you think that you are invincible , beware — IF LAW ENFORCEMENT HAS A WARRANT THEY CAN DO ALL THE THERMAL IMAGING THEY WANT .
However , like I always say , if the cops have a warrant , the least of your worries is thermal imaging .
They are going to enter your residence anyways , regardless of thermal technology .
You might as well smile for the camera .
The safest thing to do is not grow in a triplex and lay low !
http://www.law.cornell.edu/supct/html/99-8508.ZS.html
Welcome to the official Harry Bensley web site
This site chronicles the story of Harry Bensley , who had an interesting period in his life , as he reputedly took up the challenge to walk around the world for a 100,000 dollar bet ( then £ 21,000 ) , the largest ever recorded bet on record at the time .
He had to wear the helmet from a suit of armour and became known as " The Man in the Iron Mask " and also " The Masked Walker " .
The bet was between John Pierpoint Morgan and Hugh Cecil Lowther Lonsdale .
Lonsdale proposed that it would be possible for a man to walk around the world , without being identified , whereas Morgan said it could not be done .
So Morgan put his money where his mouth was and offered a bet , promising to pay the 100,000 dollars to the man who completed the challenge .
In this site you will find the official story of how the bet came about , and how Harry took up the challenge to be the man who would walk around the world , without being identified .
There were many extreme conditions placed on the challenge , and he had to visit a very specific list of places within England and also the rest of the world .
Morgan also financed a " minder " who was appointed to traveled with him to ensure all the conditions were met .
Evidence of the journey in the form of pictures , postcards and pamphlets are presented in this web site .
The BBC has covered the story on several radio broadcasts over the years , and Harry 's incredible journey has made it into many books and newspaper references .
I have documented all those that I know about .
If you have any other pictures or know of other references to the journey , please contact me and I will happily add them to this web site , with an acknowledgement to yourself .
Some film companies have also been in contact about making a short film .
But as yet , none of these has resulted in a film being produced .
We 're still hopeful that a film will be produced one day , as the interest produced by the extra exposure through this new field may bring in more useful information .
So why am I maintaining this web site ?
Well , I am the great grandson of Harry Bensley , and along with my mother ( Harry 's granddaughter ) , we are trying to find ever more information about Harry and his incredible attempt to walk around the world , pushing a perambulator ( pram ) whilst wearing a helmet from a suit of armour so that he would not be recognised .
But was this journey ever completed ?
Read the details , and the reports of other people who have looked into this story , and make up your own minds .
Please follow Harry 's journey using the navigation bar above , and enjoy the ride .
Google has begun rolling out an encrypted version of its search engine in an effort to protect Internet users from having their searches sniffed by others on their network .
The new version of Google is SSL encrypted and located at https://www.google.com.
Like many of Google 's other changes , it 's being rolled out slowly to all users who choose to search securely .
SSL search means that an encrypted connection is created between your browser and Google 's servers .
When you perform a search , your search terms and whatever results come back from them will only be visible to you — anyone who might be sniffing packets on your network ( such as , say , Google ! ) wo n't be able to see that you 're looking up cures for hemorrhoids , the lyrics to every song in the musical Cats , or something worse .
Google 's encrypted search launch comes in the wake of the company 's own WiFi data sniffing debacle , for which it may face probes in both Germany and the US ( as well as a class - action lawsuit ) .
This privacy slip - up is a stark reminder that much of our regular WiFi traffic can be snooped on by others on the network — doubly so if the network is open or shared , like the one I 'm using at the coffee shop as I write this .
It 's likely that Google was already working on an SSL search before the Street View drama started , though , as the company had already rolled out encrypted versions of Gmail and Google Docs .
Search seems like the next logical step , though Google says it 's only in " beta " for now ( surprise ! ) .
The reasoning for the beta tag is because SSL only covers the core search technology for the time being — if you decide to use it , you wo n't get results for Google Maps or Google Images until SSL is supported for those services as well .
" Also , since SSL connections require additional time to set up the encryption between your browser and the remote web server , your experience with search over SSL might be slightly slower than your regular Google search experience , " Google wrote in a blog post .
" What wo n’t change is that you will still get the same great search results . "
Google makes it clear that it will still collect search data when you use the secure search engine so that it can improve search quality .
Users can tell they 're on the encrypted version of Google by looking for the lock icon in the Google logo , as well as in their Web browsers .
Espinel outlined how the plan aims to improve the government ’s prevention , detection and prosecution of intellectual property theft .
It includes an increased focus on supply chain security and the targeting of foreign websites that violate U.S. intellectual property rights .
The plan also emphasizes reducing the number of counterfeit goods purchased by the government and federal contractors .
Biden cited counterfeit Kevlar vests purchased for military personnel in Afghanistan and law enforcement officials as evidence of the gravity of detecting fake goods .
The plan was mandated by the October 2008 Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act ( PRO - IP Act ) , which also created the position of intellectual property enforcement coordinator .
Espinel took office in December .
ADVERTISEMENT
Business groups and trade associations representing creative industries welcomed the announcement .
“ I think the plan itself is quite comprehensive , and measured and well thought - out , ” Rick Cotton , executive vice president and general counsel of NBC Universal , said .
“ I also think it ’s quite historic in terms of … protecting U.S. jobs by protecting U.S. creativity , innovation and technical innovation , which are what drive the American economy .
”
“ The theft of virtually everything Americans make , create , and innovate has been facilitated by the lack of a comprehensive government strategy to put these thieves out of business , ” said David Hirschmann , president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce ’s Global Intellectual Property Center .
“ The national strategy , the first of its kind , will defend America ’s intellectual property by cracking down on the counterfeiting and piracy that are killing jobs , harming consumers , and stunting our economic recovery .
” The plan also includes specific enforcement responsibilities for agencies including the Food and Drug Administration , the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Department of Justice .
Each will get additional personnel and resources to detect and prosecute intellectual property theft .
Generation Y is a marketing concept – and not much more .
It allows advertisers to define a group of people , but the evidence for extending and attributing behaviours to this group is wafer thin .
But this is what 's happening : because this generation has access to certain lifestyles and opportunities , it 's suddenly become a case of assuming we all behave and think the same way .
Chelle Johnson slips into the trap of assigning personality traits to Gen - Yers on top of their media consumption habits , but these assumptions seem to me to be inherently wrong .
My own traits are probably more similar to my grandfathers ' ( one police sergeant , one slaughterman , both Scottish and dead ) than to , say , Dizzee Rascal's .
To ascribe hopes , dreams and values to a group of people who only have a birth period in common is senseless .
Generation Y -ers are taken to have been born between 1980 and 2000 , which raises the first ridiculous point of this category : someone born in 1983 ( age 27 ) is not going to have much in common with someone born in 1998 ( age 12 ) beyond their number of knees .
What am I , as a Gen Y - er , supposed to be like ?
Well , apparently I 'm a voracious adopter of new technology ( even though the 35 - 54 age group is the single biggest population of Facebook , and there are more Twitter users over the age of 30 than under it ) .
I 'm told that I want a job I 'm passionate about ( which presumably is why the UK 's top five most popular graduate recruiters include three accountancy firms and a budget supermarket known for paying high salaries .
I guess it's also why those immoral investment banks still easily recruit young people ) .
I 'm supposed to be a bit dim and not live in the real world ( I promiss I can spllez fings write , and have a basic grasp of the concept of ' the world ' ) .
I have the reputation of being less loyal as an employee ( though I do n't know how they came to that conclusion about me , because I 've only had one job since leaving university and starting a " career " – my Gen - Y cohorts have only been in the workplace for a decade or so , and 90 % of that time was spent in a massive economic boom with plenty of jobs for those with the available skill ) .
The media paints me as cynical and brand - aware ( in other news , Topshop continues its march to world domination and Nestlé continues to turn a profit ) , and I care about the environment ( though has anyone ever said no to the question , " do you care about the environment ? " ) .
The last point is particularly salient : it highlights that the questions Gen Y - ers get asked during such a market research are thought up by the over - 30s .
Marketers become aware of a hot issue , and therefore ask Gen Y - ers about it .
Thirty years ago , no - one ever asked " is it important to you to work for an environmentally responsible employer ? "
But it does n't much matter : getting a good job is the number one priority for graduates .
Researches are also skewed in other ways : it is graduates that attract the overwhelming majority of attention .
No - one seems that interested in finding out about the attitudes of non-grads compared to their middle - class contemporaries .
The arrogance of assuming the middle classes are indicative of everybody !
We 're all going to know plenty of Gen Y - ers who do n't fit the stereotype and plenty of non-Gen Y - ers who perfectly do .
That 's because we 're far more than just a product of our time .
Sure , we 're influenced by the media , available technology and economic conditions , but geography , our friends and families , personal wealth and our heritage all contribute far more to our personalities than our date of birth .
A specific historical context may influence our actions , but it does n't necessarily influence our moral codes .
A generational age bracket is not an indicator of personality – as demonstrated by the most accurate quote I 've ever seen pertaining to Gen Y - ers ' career hopes :
" The contempt of risk and the presumptuous hope of success , are in no period of life more active than at the age at which young people choose their professions . "
That was written by Adam Smith in 1776 .
Let 's not assume we 're special .
• The author posts on Cif under the username unexceptional
Today I will introduce a baffling piece of economics , psychology , or game theory , which has been called the dollar auction , though I consider that a bit of a misleading name .
I believe Martin Shubik was the first to introduce it as a thought experiment , and Max Bazerman is the only person I have found who carried it out in practice .
So I will dub it the Shubik - Bazerman auction for the time being .
A $ 20 bill is up for auction according to the following rules .
The bidding starts at $ 1 and goes in exactly $ 1 increments , and it is not allowed to bid twice in a row .
The two highest bidders pay the full price of their bid , but only the highest bidder wins the $ 20 .
highest bidders pay the full price of their bid , but only the highest bidder wins the $ 20 .
There is no communication allowed other than bidding .
A handful of people open bids for the $ 20 .
“ Whatever , it ’s just a bid , it could n’t hurt , and I can drop out any time I want . ”
By the time the bidding reaches about $ 10 all but two contenders drop out — and the top two realize that they will either win the $ 20 or shell out cash to the auctioneer .
Around $ 16 they seem to realize what is happening : the auctioneer is going to make a profit , and one of them is going to make almost nothing while the other pays almost $ 20 .
Finally , bidder A bids $ 20 for the $ 20 bill .
The immediate options available to bidder B are : drop out and lose $ 19 , or bid $ 21 for the possibility of only losing $ 1 .
The hope of mitigating losses causes bidder B to bid $ 21 for a $ 20 bill .
Bidder B is confronted by a similar dilemma , and bids $ 22 .
This continues for some time .
Seven times ( of 180 ) the bidding has cleared $ 100 .
This phenomenon fascinates me , and I have tried in vain to formalize it .
Say you are already above $ 20 and are considering making a bid .
Your ( unconscious ? ) thought process may be something like : he will surely drop out before he bids 10 more times , because this is ridiculous , at which point I will lose less than I would if I dropped out now .
After all , 20 bids is a long time and it ’s hard to see paying that much more for a measly $ 20 bill .
But this thought process is going through both parties ’ heads ( perhaps unknowingly ) , so 20 more rounds continue without one dropping out .
And the idea is continuous : neither really has a hard cut - off in mind , but each is playing as if the other has a hard cut - off in mind ( and assuming said cut - off is reasonable , then they are both playing optimally ) .
Assuming you accidentally engaged in such an auction ( say for $ 1 ) , how could you ask mathematics what to do ?
What is the best strategy assuming you are playing against your own strategy ( this strategy must work whether you were the first or second bidder ) ?
A simple solution is to stop immediately and share the money with the other bidder , but let ’s define that away and assume that the winner keeps all the money .
Are the given conditions a guaranteed loss ?
If so , is n’t it fascinating that one can “ give away ” $ 20 and , under so - called “ rational ” conditions , not expect to lose any money ?
What are readers ’ ideas about how to analyze this ?
Do any interesting analogies come to mind ?
Did you enjoy this artice ?
Show me . <3
Bangkok and about a third of the rest of Thailand have spent a first night under curfew after street protest leaders surrendered .
At least 27 buildings were set ablaze after the red- shirt leaders ' surrender and pockets of resistance remained despite pleas from leaders to go home .
Some 40 people have died since troops ringed the protesters last week , with at least six more deaths on Wednesday .
Fires were reported at the stock exchange , banks and a shopping mall .
AT THE SCENE
The main area at the heart of the commercial district is completely deserted .
This morning there were women dancing and people on stage giving speeches .
All those hundreds of people who were in this main part of the protest site have gone .
People have set fire to buildings .
There 's a lot of smoke over the city , burning piles of debris .
Someone just told us there were very emotional scenes when the leaders came and said , " it 's all over " , and told people to go home .
But some hardline red - shirt protesters were holed up in an over - head railway station and they were clashing with the military .
A huge blaze engulfed Central World , one of South - East Asia 's biggest shopping centres .
Appearing on TV , Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said he was " confident and determined to end the problems and return the country to peace and order once again " .
Thaksin Shinawatra , the former prime minister living in self - imposed exile whom many red-shirts support , said the crackdown could spawn mass discontent and lead to guerrilla warfare .
" There is a theory saying a military crackdown can spread resentment and these resentful people will become guerrillas , " he told Reuters news agency by telephone .
The curfew , the first imposed in the city in 15 years , ran from 2000 to 0600 ( 1300 to 2300 GMT ) , and the government ordered television channels to broadcast only officially sanctioned programmes .
The protest may be over but the bloodshed will not be forgotten and the bitterness and anger linger on , reports the BBC's Rachel Harvey from Bangkok .
Thailand 's deep divisions have been brutally exposed , our correspondent adds .
There are reports of tension in the north and one group operating in the capital has declared itself independent of the main protest movement and says it will continue fighting .
' Grenade attack '
In the north - east of the country , a town hall in Udon Thani was set on fire and another , at Khon Kaen , was wrecked .
Violence was also reported in the northern city of Chiang Mai .
In Bangkok , the main rally stage area was empty after the protest leaders ' surrender .
One protest leader , Nattawut Saikua , appealed to his supporters to " please return home " .
The leaders , labelled terrorists by the army , earlier urged supporters not to give up the fight for political change .
Minutes after they surrendered , Reuters reported that three grenades had exploded outside the main protest site , badly wounding two soldiers and a foreign journalist .
Defiant protesters attacked shops and property and masked men could be seen apparently looting .
With the extent of the continuing resistance unclear , Kavee Chukitsakem , head of research at Kasikorn Securities , told Reuters : " After the red - shirt leaders surrendered , things were out of control .
" It 's like insects flying around from one place to another , causing irritation . "
The US state department said it deplored the violence and urged restraint on both sides .
Spokesman Gordon Duguid said the US was encouraged that protest leaders had surrendered and called for their supporters to return home .
EU parliamentary president Jerzy Buzek said national reconciliation was now " not simply an option , it is absolutely mandatory " .
" Too much blood has been spilled on the streets of Bangkok , " he added .
Camp stormed
Government spokesman Panitan Wattanayagorn told the BBC the government wanted to reach a peaceful resolution with the protesters but pockets of resistance remained and had to be dealt with .
An Italian photojournalist was killed , while three other reporters , a Dutch person , an American and a Canadian , were among scores of people injured .
According to eyewitnesses , the bodies of six people killed in the violence are lying in a Buddhist temple , AP reported .
If confirmed , this would bring the overall death toll to 12 .
Warnings delivered through loudspeakers heralded Wednesday morning 's military assault , which saw soldiers in armoured vehicles smashing through the bamboo - and - tyre barricades .
Image caption Bangkok resident Ronnie Reid sent the BBC photos of the day 's events
Troops armed with M16 rifles stormed the Lumpini Park area , where demonstrators fled , leaving scattered shoes , overturned chairs and hanging laundry .
The red-shirts had been protesting in Bangkok since 14 March , occupying the shopping district , forcing hotels and shops to close .
But events took a deadly turn last week when the government moved to seal off the area and a renegade general who backed the protests was shot dead .
The red -shirts are a loose coalition of left - wing activists , democracy campaigners and mainly rural supporters of Mr Thaksin .
They are demanding fresh polls because they say the government - which came to power through a parliamentary deal rather than an election - is illegitimate .
This recipe goes out to all of you chocolate lovers — do n’t say I never did anything for you .
This chocolate and caramel tart has provided me with a bit of an adventure , nerd - style .
You may recognize it from the cover of the current issue of Saveur which features it as part of a story on the beloved Marlow & Sons in Brooklyn .
The tart looks beautiful , but I first come across the recipe a while back in Diner Journal , the quarterly culinary publication by the folks that own Diner and Marlow & Sons .
If you have n’t already checked out Diner Journal , please do .
It is such a beautiful publication , beautiful and inspiring .
And if you have n’t already eaten at Marlow & Sons and Diner — do .
But back to the recipes : the two recipes for the same tart are quite different , and that is what intrigued me .
In the issue of Diner Journal that contains the recipe , there is also a nice essay on piracy and the stealing of recipes in which they admit that the tart is originally a Claudia Fleming ( Gramercy Tavern ) recipe which they have been using in the restaurant and which has become their signature dessert .
A comparison of the two recipe shows that there are lots of minor changes between the original ( Claudia Fleming / Diner Journal ) and the recipe that now appears in Saveur .
I tracked down the original Claudia Fleming recipe and it much closer to the Diner Journal version than the Saveur version .
I am wondering if the changes are a result of legal issues .
Although it is nearly impossible to “ copyright ” a recipe and therefore they are essentially up for grabs , it might be in bad taste for Saveur to publish the Claudia Fleming recipe as a Marlow & Sons recipe and so they made a lot of little changes to make it their own .
Which is the actual recipe that Marlow & Sons uses ?
In any case , after lots of careful review and reading other bloggers experiences with the Saveur recipe ( it seems needlessly more complicated ) , I decided to stick to the original .
It makes more sense to me .
So , how was it ?
It was amazing .
I really do n’t care about chocolate but even I could recognize it was special .
And the people I made it for ( yes , there was a good reason I made something with chocolate ) loved it .
It is pretty simple to make if you can get over your fear of caramel .
One thing I like about the original recipe is that it does not have a temperature in the instructions .
You judge the caramel ’s doneness by color — much less intimidating .
Chocolate Caramel Tart ( adapted from Claudia Fleming > Marlow & Sons > Saveur )
For the Chocolate Tart Dough
8 tablespoons ( 1 stick ) unsalted butter , room temperature
1/2 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners ’ sugar
1 large egg yolk
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 1/4 cups all - purpose flour , plus more for rolling
1/4 cup unsweetened Dutch - process cocoa powder
For the Caramel Filling
1/2 cup water
2 cups granulated sugar
1/4 cup light corn syrup
1/2 cup heavy cream
8 tablespoons ( 1 stick ) unsalted butter
2 tablespoons crème fraîche
For the Chocolate Ganache
1/2 cup heavy cream
3 1/2 ounces extra -bittersweet chocolate , finely chopped
Make the tart dough :
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment , cream butter and confectioners ’ sugar until combined , about 1 minute .
Add egg yolk and vanilla , and beat until smooth .
Sift in flour and cocoa powder , and beat on low speed until just combined .
Scrape the dough onto a sheet of plastic wrap , and form it into a disk ; wrap well .
Chill until firm , at least 1 hour and up to 3 days .
Preheat oven to 325° F .
On a lightly floured surface , roll the tart dough into a large circle 3/16 inch thick .
Transfer the tart dough to a 10 - inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom and press into pan .
If it falls apart at all just push it back together in the pan .
Chill the tart shell in the refrigerator for 30 minutes .
Prick the shell all over with a fork .
Line with parchment paper filled with pie weights or dried beans and blind bake for 15 minutes .
Remove the parchment and weights , and bake until the pastry looks dry and set , 5 to 10 minutes .
Transfer pan to a wire rack to cool .
( The tart shell can be made 8 hours ahead . )
Make the filling : Place 1/2 cup water in a large saucepan .
Add sugar and corn syrup , and cook mixture over medium - high heat , swirling the pan occasionally , until it becomes a dark - amber caramel ( I removed it when it was sort of a medium amber since I knew it would continue to cook off heat ) , about 10 minutes .
Remove pan from heat and carefully ( the mixture will bubble up ) and slowly add the heavy cream followed by the butter and crème fraîche .
Stir until smooth .
( The caramel can be made up to 5 days ahead and refrigerated in a covered container . )
Pour the caramel into the cooled tart shell and allow to set , first at room temperature and then in the regrigerator .
Make the ganache glaze : Place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl .
In a small saucepan , bring cream to a boil .
Pour the hot cream over the chocolate , and let stand for 2 minutes , then stir with a rubber spatula until smooth .
Pour the ganazhe over the tart .
Refrigerate until set .
Remove the tart from the refridgerator 5 - 10 minutes before you are ready to serve it .
Cut the tart into slices and sprinkle each with Fleur de Sel .
The Irish High Court ruled on April 16 that cutting off the Internet access of suspected P2P pirates was fine , that no data privacy rules would be breached by doing so , and that such schemes are needed because " the mischievous side of the human personality , containing a repulsive aspect as well as an attractive and humorous one , has also come to the fore over the Internet . "
When the major music labels in Ireland sued Eircom , one of the country 's largest ISPs , the case was eventually settled out of court .
The labels wanted Eircom to take some responsibility for the file - sharing behavior of its subscribers , and the company agreed to implement a voluntary three strikes system that would result in Internet disconnection .
This made the lawsuit go away , but the Data Protection Commissioner of Ireland raised objections to the proposal , and the country 's High Court was asked to weigh in on its legality .
That judgment has just arrived , and it pulls no punches .
Mr. Justice Peter Charleton refers to illegal downloads of music and movies with a wide variety of synonyms : theft , stealing , filtering , " plague of copyright infringement . "
He has already approved an Eircom block of the entire Pirate Bay website .
When it comes to the actual technology involved here , the justice betrays a certain lack of confidence .
" Again , reviewing the evidence that I heard in this case , it seems to operate like this , " he says , trying to describe P2P technology .
Or again , " As I understand the evidence that I heard ... "
Or again , " One can find out by looking at the IP number , I understand ... "
The justice refers to legal alternatives to illicit downloading , such as " an I - player system , " when he 's writing about the BBC 's well - known iPlayer catch - up service .
He refers numerous times in the order to " DetectNet , " a company which can find P2P infringers , when he really means DtecNet .
A strong grasp of the technical details wo n't be found in this ruling ( though the broad understanding of the issues appears to be correct ) .
Much odder still is the fact that , though this case turns on questions of data privacy , Ireland 's Data Protection Commissioner did not even testify .
Why not ?
" The Data Protection Commissioner did not appear because of the concern over indemnity as to his costs . "
Awesome .
No problems here
Shutting off Internet access seems like a heavy - handed remedy to the ( real ) issue of online copyright infringement .
Given the incredible utility of the Internet , which is used to do everything from making phone calls to paying bills to sending e-mail to watching video to playing games to conducting commerce , cutting off a connection completely over the downloading of music raises questions about proportionality .
Those questions are obviously stronger when applied to a household , where five people might share this crucial resource but only a 14 - year old daughter has decided to download some Justin Bieber tracks she heard on the radio .
Mr. Justice Peter Charleton
And to do it all without judicial oversight or judicial appeal — could that be fair ?
( Eircom 's approach does allow a private appeal to the company , which has the last word .
The labels have undertaken similar lawsuits against other ISPs , seeking to make the scheme a national one without having to actually pass a law . )
The French Constitutional Council said " no " when the government tried to mandate a similar scheme there ; the law had to be reworked in order to add oversight .
Similarly , the European Parliament has objected for years on the same grounds .
None of that has any resonance with the Irish High Court .
The sharp legal reasoning behind the Irish decision ? "
Some would argue that it is an imposition on human freedom .
There is no freedom , however , to break the law . "
In the long history of strawmen , this statement must rank pretty high on the list .
The issue is n't about " freedom to break the law , " but about proportionality .
Does the punishment fit the crime ( which is not , in this case , even a " crime " but a civil matter ) ?
The justice 's one clarifying remark is that " most people in Ireland have only to walk down to their local town centre to gain access for around € 1.50 an hour . "
But the real issue here is data protection , and that 's where the bulk of the ruling spends its time .
Because the Data Protection Commissioner did n't show up , the judge relied exclusively on a five - paragraph letter sent from the Commissioner to the music labels in December 2009 .
The letter asks whether IP addresses might be " personal data " and therefore might fall under Irish data protection legislation .
It also asks if a judge should be involved in disconnections .
In a wide - ranging analysis that invokes both Saint Colmcille and European law , the judge concludes that no , data protection laws do n't enter into this .
Furthermore , judicial oversight is not needed because " no one is accusing anyone of an offense .
There is no issue as anything beyond civil copyright infringement . "
Unlike in France and the UK , the Irish situation is voluntary ; the government is not compelling any of this behavior .
The conclusion : " yes , the graduated response process is lawful , " and Eircom can proceed to implement the settlement after a six - month delay while the decision was awaited .
Willie Kavanagh , Chairman of Ireland 's major label music trade group , called it a great day for the country .
" The whole music industry , including performers , composers and record labels , has been decimated by illegal peer to peer traffic and our losses amount to over € 60 m per annum , " he said .
" Our industry has lost 40 per cent in sales value between 2005 and 2009 with devastating effects on artists and creativity .
Today 's decision is the first step back towards allowing artists to make a living again . "
Sometimes we can learn lessons from our adversaries .
I better explain myself before I get in trouble .
No decisive and enduring shift in class relations in our country is possible without a decisive shift of power in the state sphere .
Other things are necessary – mass sentiment , grassroots organization , popular insurgency , broad alliances , division in your adversary ’s camp , etc. – but by themselves these are not sufficient to fundamentally change the trajectory of the class struggle .
Only when combined with control over some , if not all , of the levers of state power ( presidency , Congress , governmental agencies , courts , military , and more ) does the wish for fundamental change turn into a real possibility .
This understanding informed , as we now know , the priorities and practical activity of right - wing extremism in the 1970s and ever since then .
Everything was ( and is ) done with an eye to winning elective office and filling appointive positions in the governmental apparatus .
Towards this end , the election of Ronald Reagan in 1980 was a crucial breakthrough , giving a powerful impetus to the long - term ascendency of the right wing of the Republican Party .
Once in command , the arc of right - wingers , stretching from Reagan to Gingrich to Bush - Cheney , turned the state into the lead actor in a ferocious capitalist counteroffensive – politically , economically and culturally .
The state ’s role and functions were not so much downsized as recast .
On the one hand , it became champion and facilitator of accelerated globalization , financialization , and redistribution of income ( or in Marxist talk , surplus value ) to the wealthiest families and corporations .
On the other hand , the state employed its considerable force to crush the oppositional forces – the working class and labor in the first place .
To a large degree , this offensive was successful – union membership declined ; wages , benefits , and jobs were lost ; the traditional strongholds of working class power were weakened ; the social safety net was savaged , and the forward movement for racial , gender and other forms equality was halted .
At the same time the power and profits of capital were restored and augmented .
There is a lesson here for those at the other end of the political spectrum .
It is simple : the electoral arena is of overriding importance .
The notion that electoral politics has little progressive potential , that it is “ politics lite , ” that it pales in the face of direct action ( an unnecessary juxtaposition ) is mistaken and harmful .
Furthermore , a relationship with the Democratic Party is n’t heresy or something to profusely apologize for .
Now , it ’s true that there is always a danger of losing one ’s political identity and independence in the mainstream of politics ( which is where the left should be ) , but to turn it into a reason to boycott ( or participate only half - heartedly in ) the electoral arena is a recipe for marginalization .
In fact , I would argue that for the left , a relationship to the Democratic Party at this stage of struggle is a strategic necessity and later on probably a tactical requirement .
In 2008 , there was no way to defeat the right without such a relationship .
The same can be said about this fall ’s elections .
What is more , there is no evidence that it backburners the struggle for political independence .
In fact , new forms of political independence have developed in recent years in important ways , but differently than most of us on the left imagined .
To our surprise , they took shape within the framework of the two - party system , not outside of it , and within labor and other major social organizations , operating under the broad canopy of the Democratic Party .
If an alternative people ’s party is going to emerge ( and we should persuasively make the case for one as we participate in existing struggles ) , these new independent expressions will be its basis and combine with forms operating outside the two party system , such as the Working Families Party , the Progressive Party , and others .
Finally , the state in our society is a historical product and is structured to produce and then reproduce on an extended scale the profits and power of the transnational corporations and banks .
Obviously this is an enormous advantage to the right since it favors capitalism in the raw .
But still it does n’t follow that the left should avoid the state like the plague .
Properly organized and united , the working class and people ’s movement can win positions in government and harness them to shift public policy , institutions and agencies to the advantage of working people and their allies .
And in so doing , they will create the practical and ideological conditions for more radical changes .
Frederick Engels wrote in the autumn of his life :
With this successful utilization of universal suffrage … an entirely new method of proletarian struggle came into operation …
It was found that the state institutions , in which the rule of the bourgeoisie is organized , offer the working class still further levers to fight these very state institutions .
The workers took part in elections to particular diets [ parliaments ] , to municipal councils and to trades courts ; they contested with the bourgeoisie every post in the occupation of which a sufficient part of the proletariat had a say .
And so it happened that the bourgeoisie and the government came to be much more afraid of the legal than of the illegal action of the workers ’ party , of the results of elections than of those of rebellion .
Note that Engels does n’t allow the class form to conceal the political possibilities of participation in “ bourgeois ” politics and institutions and political structures .
With the elections a few months away , we should quickly digest the lesson .
There is outrage in Mexico over the second killing of an unarmed Mexican citizen , in the space of a little more than a week , by the U.S. Border Patrol .
This time , there are also accusations that a member of the patrol fired into Mexico to shoot a minor .
The new killing took place on Monday at about 7 P.M. in Ciudad Juarez , in the Mexican state of Chihuahua , across the border from El Paso , Texas .
Various accounts in the U.S. and Mexican media say that the incident began with some people on the Juarez side of the Rio Grande ( called Rio Bravo by Mexicans ) , next to a bridge that connects Juarez with El Paso , throwing stones at Border Patrol agents on the El Paso side .
According to Mexican sources , at least one Border Patrol agent fired across the river into Mexico and shot dead 15 year old Sergio Adrian Hernandez Güereca , with a bullet in the eye .
The teenager ’s friends and family have told the press that he was with a group of friends and was not involved in the stone - throwing incident .
Initially some sources claimed that the youth was on the U.S. side .
But El Universal , a Mexico City daily , posted a video on its website which clearly shows a Border Patrol agent firing across the river into Mexico .
Forensic medical authorities of the State of Chihuahua make the accusation that the Border Patrol agents actually crossed the river and killed the youth on the Mexican side , with a shot to the face at very close range .
Subsequently , there was an effort , according to various sources , by Border Patrol agents to cross to the Mexican side to “ gather evidence ” , but Mexican police , either from local police forces or from Mexico ’s Federal Judicial Police but not the military , pointed their guns at the U.S. agents and forced them back .
No shooting took place between the U.S. Border Patrol and the Mexican police officers , but the confrontation was said to have been very tense .
On May 28 , Anastasio Hernandez ( no known relation ) , 32 , an undocumented Mexican immigrant who had lived and worked in the U.S. since he was 14 years old , died after being struck and tasered by Border Patrol agents just at the San Ysidro crossing point between California and the Mexican city of Tijuana .
Evidently Mr. Hernandez struggled with Border Patrol agents as they were in the process of deporting him .
The San Diego County Medical Examiner ’s office has declared that the killing a homicide , and there is said to be an FBI investigation .
The Mexican foreign ministry has protested both incidents and demanded punishment of the Border Patrol agents involved , pointing out in the case of Sergio Hernandez that a stone - throwing incident does not justify opening fire with live ammunition and killing a minor .
Mexico also complains of increased physical attacks against its citizens within the United States .
The White House has expressed concern and called for a full investigation .
The border region has been the focus of intense anti-immigrant and anti-Mexican agitation on the U.S. side .
The conservative government of Mexican President Felipe Calderon has been using heavy - handed military tactics to deal with a rampaging drug trafficking war , in which Juarez is a key battleground .
The Obama administration has followed up a Bush administration program , called the “ Merida Initiative ” to supply Mexican police and army units with massive amounts of weaponry .
The left and human rights organizations in Mexico have denounced both the Mexican and U.S. governments for this , pointing to a vast increase in human rights violations that have followed Calderon ’s mobilization of the army to fight the drug gangs .
Everybody in Mexico , both government and opposition , agrees that the United States contributes to the drug war in Mexico in two ways :
By the vast demand for illegal drugs in this country , without which the drug cartels would have no market or income , and by the ease with which Mexican criminals can purchase high powered arms in the United States due to our lax gun laws , leading to a situation in which criminal gangs often out - gun Mexican police forces .
There are said to be as many as 10,000 gun shops in the United States along the border with Mexico .
The power of the gun lobby has so far prevented the U.S. government from doing anything about this .
The ultra-right , in the United States , citing the drug war in Mexico and the recent killing of a U.S. rancher by persons unknown , is demanding that the U.S. Mexico border be “ sealed ” and no more documented or undocumented immigrants be admitted from Mexico .
Anybody who has actually seen the border realizes that this is physically impossible , and so it is a demagogic demand designed to stave off immigration reform and contribute to the scapegoating of Latinos and immigrants for our current economic troubles , while portraying the Obama administration as being weak on national security .
President Obama recently announced he will be sending 1,200 National Guard troops to the border .
NGC 7023 ( also called Iris Nebula or LBN487 ) is an open cluster and reflection nebula in constellation of Cepheus .
It ’s bright , the center shines with 6.8 magnitude .
I took this image on one very bad night , with bad transparency .
Image caption
The government owns 41 % of Lloyds Banking Group
Lloyds Banking Group is to cut 650 jobs in the UK .
Insurance and back office - based staff in Nottingham and Chester would be hardest hit , the bank said .
It will also close its network of Halifax - branded agencies , largely based in solicitors and estate agencies , as they are " no longer integral to its business model " .
This will hit more workers , who are not employed directly by Lloyds .
Unions said 1,850 jobs would be affected .
" The scale of this cuts is extreme , the bank 's recovery plans are already well on course to deliver 30 % higher than forecast savings , " said Cath Speight , national officer at the Unite union .
Lloyds bought the Halifax business as part of its rescue of HBOS in 2008 .
The group , which is 41 % state - owned , has forecast that it would make a profit this year , despite making an operating loss of £ 6.3 bn on bad loans in 2009 .
Lloyds also said it had struck a deal to allow Halifax customers to pay in cash and cheques at the 12,000 Post Office branches .
The 265 - strong network of Halifax agencies compares with the 475 that operated in 2005 .
Annual Anniversary
Sale is on !
Save 10 % today !
Enter the code FDJ2020 at checkout to save !
• Talks sanctioned for 24 - year - old , currently at the World Cup • Cash - strapped Valencia yet to discuss a fee with Man City
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Manchester City have been given permission to hold talks with Valencia 's winger David Silva over a move to the Premier League .
Cash - strapped Valencia have already been forced to sell David Villa to Barcelona this summer and now look poised to offload Silva .
The 24 - year - old , who is currently with the Spain squad at the World Cup finals , has repeatedly been linked with a switch to England , with the likes of Liverpool and Manchester United mooted as admirers .
Champions Chelsea are also rumoured to be fans of Silva , with the attacking midfielder recently admitting he would be open to a move to Stamford Bridge .
However , it now appears City have stepped up the hunt for the player after being given the go - head to discuss a deal .
Valencia confirmed Roberto Mancini's side have been allowed to meet Silva , but stated no agreement has been reached regarding a price .
" As has been said , there is interest from Manchester City and we have permitted them to talk to the player , but we have reached no agreement and we have not talked about a fee , " said Valencia 's deputy chairman Javier Gomez .
Juan Manuel Mata has also been linked with a move away from the Mestalla , with reports claiming he would join Villa at Barcelona .
Gomez , however , has rejected that piece of speculation and has told reporters that no negotiations are taking place regarding a deal for Mata .
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
Games are typically categorized into genres based on their basic mechanics - such as Real - Time Strategy or First - Person Shooter - which of course is a great practice .
But lately I 've been noticing a type of game that seems to exist across many different genres of games .
For lack of a better term , I 'll call it a " meta - genre " of game .
Marc LeBlanc might argue it should be called an " Aesthetic Genre " of games , as these games are similar not on their Mechanical level , but in terms of a similarity in the kind of Aesthetic experience they produce in the player (s ) .
I 'm talking about " Story - Generating Games . "
Forging a Story
Probably the best example of a Story - Generating Game would be the indie game Dwarf Fortress .
If you have n't played DF , I highly recommend that you do so as soon as possible .
( However , please wait until you finish reading this article .
Cause I like it when people read words I write . )
For those who have n't and / or wo n't played Dwarf Fortress , it 's essentially a simulation game , comparable in many ways to both The Sims and SimCity .
You manage a tribe of simulated dwarves in a fantasy setting ; and you guide the dwarves in digging a new home out of the rock of a mountain , making it self - sufficient , and expanding it .
What this description misses is the amazing granularity and depth of the simulation .
The game features a wide variety of systems .
For starters of course , the dwarves ( and the animals , and invading enemies ) feature very sophisticated and interestng AI .
But this is just the beginning : there are systems whose purposes range from tracking the health of every body part of every character ; to tracking the like / dislikes of every dwarf ( as well as things that have happened to the dwarf recently and what their current level of happiness is ) ; to simulating fire ( which spreads realistically based on which objects are flammable ) ; to a robust simulations of fluid dynamics ( very relevant when your dwarves mine their way into a lava vein - and begin catching themselves , and then everything flammable around them , on fire ) !
Just from that description ( and its implied story of the Unlucky Flaming Dwarves ) , you can already see how the richness of the systems - and especially the fact that the systems can interact in so many ways - constantly gives rise to sequences of unexpected , interesting events occurring within the game .
In other words ... this game generates stories .
Before I leave the topic of Dwarf Fortress , I should point out that the fact that its tremendous capacity to produce interesting stories is n't an accident .
In fact it 's a direct result of the creative process of the creators ( Tarn and Zach Adams ) .
In a 2008 interview here on Gamasutra , the two brothers point out that they began the game 's design by literally writing out stories that they'd like to see happen in the game world ; then they simply sat down and began implementing features that would allow the various parts of these stories to occur .
Dwarf Fortress is probably the most striking example of a story - generating game , but there are many other examples .
Here are the most notable examples that come to mind ...
The Sims .
This game actually shares a lot of similarity with Dwarf Fortress : it 's heavily built around simulation ; and it's heavily built around AIs that are ( mostly ) autonomous and which sometimes demonstrate interesting behaviors and even personality .
( It almost always makes for a good story when an AI character does something surprising . )
The game also has two other facets that I think are important for Story - Generating Games : Sharing the Story .
Starting with The Sims 2 , the Sim games were built with elaborate tools to take not only screenshots , but also videos , of the stories that occur in your game .
The game has additional features to support sharing these stories with others .
Avatars .
The ability to create Sim versions of yourself and your friends in a game tends to make the stories that occur much more interesting .
It also makes those stories much more interesting to tell .
( It 's the equivalent of a father telling his daughter Nell a story in which the main character is " Princess Nell . " )
This game actually shares a lot of similarity with Dwarf Fortress : it 's heavily built around simulation ; and it 's heavily built around AIs that are ( mostly ) autonomous and which sometimes demonstrate interesting behaviors and even personality .
( It almost always makes for a good story when an AI character does something surprising . )
The game also has two other facets that I think are important for Story - Generating Games : Left 4 Dead .
This is an extremely good Story - Generating Game ... which is interesting , since in every other way it 's about as different from The Sims or Dwarf Fortress as a game could possibly be !
Nonetheless , this game has been designed to create a unique but interesting sequence of events for every playthrough .
The " AI Director " , a core part of the game , exists solely to manage the sequence of events that happen to the players ; it 's specifically tuned to keep that sequence of events interesting ( by ramping up tension and providing breaks ) , and to make sure that the events are different with every playthrough .
Every time you play a session of L4D , you come away with an amazing story ... a story that 's all your own .
This is an extremely good Story - Generating Game ... which is interesting , since in every other way it 's about as different from The Sims or Dwarf Fortress as a game could possibly be !
Nonetheless , this game has been designed to create a unique but interesting sequence of events for every playthrough .
The " AI Director " , a core part of the game , exists solely to manage the sequence of events that happen to the players ; it 's specifically tuned to keep that sequence of events interesting ( by ramping up tension and providing breaks ) , and to make sure that the events are different with every playthrough .
Every time you play a session of L4D , you come away with an amazing story ... a story that 's all your own .
Far Cry 2 .
This FPS is unique in that it's not built to contain a completely linear story ( like , for example , Modern Warfare ) ; instead it would be best classified as an elaborate " Mercenary Simulator . "
Or perhaps a " Story - About - Being - a - Mercenary - in - Africa Generator . "
The game takes a great deal of effort to provide a unique experience for each player , and its emphasis on dynamic systems and strong AI characters inevitably lead to unique and fascinating stories .
Given that the game 's development staff prominently and specifically featured a Narrative Designer , Patrick Redding , it should be no surprise that this game , as well , was designed to generate interesting stories that are unique to each player .
This FPS is unique in that it's not built to contain a completely linear story ( like , for example , Modern Warfare ) ; instead it would be best classified as an elaborate " Mercenary Simulator . "
Or perhaps a " Story - About - Being - a - Mercenary - in - Africa Generator . "
The game takes a great deal of effort to provide a unique experience for each player , and its emphasis on dynamic systems and strong AI characters inevitably lead to unique and fascinating stories .
Given that the game 's development staff prominently and specifically featured a Narrative Designer , Patrick Redding , it should be no surprise that this game , as well , was designed to generate interesting stories that are unique to each player .
EVE Online .
I nearly listed " World of Warcraft " here , but then I realized that the ( many ) stories that I ( constantly ) hear about WoW are usually about PvP encounters .
Then I also realized that EVE is much more PvP focused than WoW ...
And then I realized that EVE has produced some of the most dramatic stories in the history of the games industry !
( For instance , this one and this one . )
It seems that if you give players a multiplayer " sandbox " to play in and some decent tools with which to interact , they 'll always produce some very entertaining drama entirely on their own .
( And why spend man -hours making a poor AI facsimile of a human mind , when you could just let real humans interact with each other ? )
I nearly listed " World of Warcraft " here , but then I realized that the ( many ) stories that I ( constantly ) hear about WoW are usually about PvP encounters .
Then I also realized that EVE is much more PvP focused than WoW ...
And then I realized that EVE has produced some of the most dramatic stories in the history of the games industry !
( For instance , this one and this one . )
It seems that if you give players a multiplayer " sandbox " to play in and some decent tools with which to interact , they 'll always produce some very entertaining drama entirely on their own .
( And why spend man -hours making a poor AI facsimile of a human mind , when you could just let real humans interact with each other ? )
X - Com .
I 've only played this game for about 20 minutes , but I 've heard many stories from players who 've gotten deeply invested in the " story " of their squad in X - Com ... mostly because the squad members that were doing the fighting ( and dying ) were usually named after people the player knew !
Another example of the Avatar effect mentioned above .
What 's the Practical Benefit ?
Gamasutra is a site for the " Art and Business of Making Games " , so I feel like my blogs here should be relevant to both sides of that divide .
The business - minded reader at this point is rightly asking : " So why should I bother making a story - generating game ?
The fact that two random brothers somewhere have made a game about dwarves that has entertained a niche audience and made no money for anyone anywhere does n't exactly get me pumped !
Would n't this just be diverging from what the players are used to ?
Why take that kind of risk ? "
Although there are a multitude of good answers to the " why should I innovate ? " , there 's an answer that 's especially true for story - driven games : it gets people talking .
Literally .
When a player experiences a cool dynamic story in a game - a story that is totally their own , and that they know no one else will ever experience - then it 's human nature for them to want to tell that story to anyone who will listen !
From a business perspective , this is incredibly valuable : it 's not only free marketing , but it 's word - of - mouth : the most effective type of marketing there is .
" But why would a player talk more about this kind of game than about , say , Uncharted 2 ? " , my straw man now asks me .
" That game had a great story !
Better than any dynamically - generated story any game has ever cobbled together . "
There are two reasons .
First , if I have n't emphasized this enough already : the story belongs to that player .
It happened to them and them alone ; they 're the only one who can tell that story .
This gives them a certain connection .
A second , related reason to this is : people do n't talk about linear game stories because of spoilers .
If I 'm recommending Uncharted 2 to someone , I do n't tell them all the story beats , because I do n't want to spoil it for them .
But if I 'm recommending L4D2 to someone , I 'll say " Oh it 's a great game !
Let me tell you how it works ... and now let me tell you this awesome story that happened to me just last night !!! "
Go With the Flow
My straw man is right about one thing : the linear stories of games like Uncharted can be very good stories , and usually much better than the " game - generated stories " I 'm talking about .
But while games clearly do constitute an artistic medium that can be used for telling a linear story , it 's also far from the strongest medium for storytelling .
In fact , the defining things about games as a medium - like interactivity , immersion , and giving free agency to the player - either do nothing to help tell a linear story , or are actually in active opposition to telling a linear story
Trying to tell a linear story in a game has always felt a little bit like swimming against the current of a river .
Storytellers want to relate a linear series of events ; but games want to be dynamic systems within which events happen .
" Let the player do whatever they want ; but make sure that this event and this event and this event always happen " , are two design constraints that are inherently opposed .
It makes a lot more sense to stop fighting the current ; let it sweep you away and see where it leads you .
Games are a medium where each and every player can play and come away with a completely different story .
Why do so few games try to enable that , and so many fight it ?
Perhaps game designers are too much in love with their own stories ; we need to focus our authorial control not on creating a linear story , but rather on creating a world in which the player can experience their own story .
I 'll leave you with this final , important thought :
..." Unlucky Flaming Dwarves " would be a great name for a rock band .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
A fretful Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged once again Wednesday , meaning the bulk of credit cardholders can rest assured that their credit cards ’
APRs wo n’t be going up anytime soon .
At the conclusion of its two - day meeting on June 23 , the Federal Reserve once more decided to leave interest rates unchanged , voting to keep the federal funds rate at a range of 0 percent to 0.25 percent and leaving the prime rate at 3.25 percent .
When combined with the groundbreaking Credit CARD
Act enacted in 2009 , that Fed decision means responsible credit cardholders are unlikely to see a rise in borrowing costs in the immediate future .
The decision is important because most credit cards have variable annual percentage rates ( APRs ) , which can move up or down depending on changes to the fed funds rate .
So when the Fed finally does push the fed funds rate higher , the cost of credit card , auto and other loans will go higher .
Ahead of a Fed rate hike , only serious slip - ups by the cardholder , such as making a payment 60 days late , can lead to a sudden change in cards ’ current APR .
According to some experts , the Fed — which last raised lending rates in June 2006 — wo n’t raise them again before next year .
Once the Fed takes that step , millions of U.S. cardholders will experience higher costs when carrying a balance on their plastic .
That ’s because the vast majority of current credit cards — and “ 99 percent ” of all new credit card offers , according to research firm Synovate — have variable rates tied to the prime rate .
The prime rate is based on the fed funds rate and moves up and down in conjunction with changes to the Fed ’s key lending rate .
Any change in prime is followed immediately by changes to variable APRs .
The Fed statement indicated it was concerned that the economic recovery was in danger of faltering .
“ Financial conditions have become less supportive of economic growth on balance , largely reflecting developments abroad , ” the Fed said .
Studying the Fed ’s statement
Until then , responsible cardholders should see their rates hold steady — possibly for quite some time .
Analysts say that FOMC policy wo n’t be adjusted before next year .
Moody ’s Economy.com , for example , says that the central bank will wait until the first half of 2011 , at the earliest , before tightening its monetary policy .
“ The Fed will keep interest rates at rock bottom until its comfortable that recovery has transitioned into a self - sustaining expansion and the unemployment rate has moved definitively lower , ” says Ryan Sweet , senior economist with Moody ’s Economy.com .
FED FUNDS RATE , PRIME RATE
STAYING AT HISTORIC LOWS
The federal funds rate and the prime rate , both of which are closely tied to credit card rates , have been unchanged since Dec. 18 , 2008 .
The months prior to that , however , featured a huge drop in both rates as the nation wrestled with a powerful economic recession .
The chart above shows how far the two rates have fallen since July 2007 — just before the recession began .
( NOTE :
The prime rate is always 3 percentage points higher than the federal funds rate . )
The central bank ’s latest statement once again said lending rates may remain “ exceptionally low ” for an “ extended period . ”
Kansas City Fed President Thomas M. Hoenig was the sole dissenting voice for the fourth straight meeting , voting against the decision to leave interest rates unchanged .
Job woes continue
Just a few months ago , many economists were predicting a Fed rate hike as soon as the end of this year .
Not any more .
Those upbeat predictions have undergone some adjustment as data continues to show that the U.S. economy is struggling to recover , including an unemployment rate that remains near 10 percent .
Once signs suggest that the economy has regained sufficient strength , only then will the Fed begin to raise rates .
At first , that should n’t prove problematic for consumers , experts say .
As the fed funds rate comes off historic lows , Sweet of Moody ’s Economy.com says those first few rate increases wo n’t have a significant impact on borrowers .
“ With the labor market improving and wages edging higher , consumers should be able to take a few Fed rate hikes in stride , ” Sweet says .
But once the cycle of rate hikes begins to pick up , credit cardholders who carry a balance will begin to feel the pinch , says Anuj Shahani , director of competitive tracking services for Synovate ’s financial services group .
Shahani says that as the prime rate increases , cardholders can expect higher minimum card payments and additional years before they are able to pay off their balances .
Other experts agree that cardholders ’ expenses will rise .
“ As the central bank becomes more aggressive in raising rates in 2012 , consumers will begin to feel the effect of higher borrowing costs , ” Sweet says .
See related : Credit card reform law arrives , A comprehensive guide to the Credit CARD Act of 2009 , Variable interest rate cards replacing fixed rates
Boats are illegal in Cuba ( I wonder why ? ) , so Cuban fisherman use condoms as floats .
" On this island of shortages and scarcities , the latex condom has uses that stretch far beyond the bedroom .
At baseball games , rock concerts and other entertainment events , Cubans blow them up and bat them around the crowd like beach balls .
When parents ca n’t afford birthday party balloons or can’t find them , they unfurl a few “ Vigor ” brand prophylactics and start puffing .
The latex is so strong and supple that kids can even draw faces on them .
The Cuban government sells the Chinesemade rubbers three - for - a - penny at pharmacies and snack bars , cheap enough for anyone to afford .
The island has shortages of just about everything else though , thanks to five decades of US sanctions and a ruinous state - run economy .
It should come as no surprise , then , that enterprising Cubans have found all sorts of recreational and industrial applications for their condoms that have nothing to do with birth control . "
Including being used for fishing ( see photo above ) ,
read more here
.
According to techland , they had a meeting with Andrew Sherrard , the VP of Production Innovation for T - Mobile and he confirmed that the mytouch 3G will indeed receive the Android 2.1 update .
Its currently being tested all we have to do now is wait for the OTA .
This wo n’t be an update to plain ole vanilla Android , it will include Sense UI .
The original myTouch will receive the same version of Sense that is on the upcoming myTouch Slide .
The “ genius ” feature will also be included in the update .
This is great news for all myTouch users , you are not forgotten .
There is still no official word on when or if the G1 will be updated .
[ via tmonews ]
Seventeen mostly pro-whaling nations have had their voting rights suspended at the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) meeting in Morocco , in what could be a blow to Japan 's hopes of resuming commercial whaling .
Delegates at the Agadir meeting are currently engaged in secret talks in a bid to break the deadlock over proposals to allow Japan to resume a limited commercial whale hunt in exchange for a reduction in its so - called scientific whaling program in the Southern Ocean .
This morning meeting deputy chairman Anthony Liverpool said about one - fifth of the meeting 's 88 member states would not be allowed to vote .
The countries include Palau , the Marshall Islands , Ghana and Gambia and are mostly drawn from the pro-whaling bloc which had been expected to back Japan 's move .
They have been suspended for reasons including failing to pay their annual fees .
Solomon Islands , meanwhile , failed to show up at the meeting .
With so many nations unable to vote , some are hopeful that the controversial plan to overturn a 24 - year ban on commercial whaling will not get the numbers to pass .
Under the draft proposal , Japan would be allowed to catch 120 whales a year in its coastal waters .
The package has split the anti-whaling bloc , with Australia now at odds with some of its former allies .
The proposal needs a three - quarters majority vote to pass .
Europe could have the deciding vote , with some in the EU supporting a deal .
NZ reaction
Unlike Australia , New Zealand foreign minister Murray McCully says he is prepared to negotiate a deal on limited commercial whaling , provided that the whales in the Southern Ocean are spared .
" The bottom line is that we want to give Japan some space to cease the whaling practices that we 've seen over recent summers and find a way to move out of the Southern Ocean , " he said .
" We 've tried to give them some space to work their way through this and to come to a dignified conclusion .
" Australia 's made it clear that it wants to go to the International Court of Justice and has filed .
We 've said from the beginning we 're open to that course if this process does n't deliver for us here . "
Mr McCully says relations with Australia have remained tight throughout the conference .
" I 've kept in touch with Stephen Smith , my counterpart throughout , and I 've got to say that that 's a very close and harmonious relationship , " he said .
But he says he is not optimistic there will be a positive agreement as members have vastly different opinions .
" The fact that the chair has had to suspend the plenary session and send people away to have negotiations in groups tells you that we have serious and potentially intractable differences between the parties , " he said .
" The odds have always been much more strongly on a breakdown rather than a breakthrough here . "
The meeting , held behind closed doors over the next two days , is the most controversial in years .
As well as trying to negotiate a way forward for the deadlocked organisation , the IWC is also under pressure to investigate allegations its deputy chair had his hotel bill paid for by Japan and that delegates are being offered prostitutes in return for their vote .
Well , that did n't take long .
Someone 's wrecked a Ferrari 458 Italia .
There are absolutely zero details about the crash , but the guys at WreckedExotics.com have received three pictures of the carnage .
All we know is the wreck occurred in Wroclaw , Poland .
Wrecked Exotics is digging around for more info .
It wants to know when the crash happened so it can award the $ 500 prize in its contest predicting when the first Italia wreck would occur .
More pics and info over at WreckedExotics.com .
Next up ?
First wreck of a 599 GTO .
UPDATE 2:45 p.m. Eastern Monday , May 24 : Wrecked Exotics says it has confirmed through several sources that the Ferrari , registered in Austria and driven by someone in his early 20s , crashed May 20 .
The driver allegedly was traveling well over the speed limit when he allegedly hit the left rear door of a Volkswagen Bora while attemping to avoid a bus that had turned in front of him .
More info and several new photos at WreckedExotics.com .
Photo via WreckedExotics.com
Alberto Gutierrez , Ph.D. , FDA , Director , Fax : 1-301-847-8514 Elizabeth Mansfield , Ph.D. , FDA , Senior Genomics and Personalized Medicine Advisor , Office of Invitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety , Fax : 1-301-847-8514 Rep .
Henry Waxman , US House of Representatives , Chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce , Fax : 1-202-225-4099 President Obama , Fax : 1-202-456-2461
We , the undersigned , as makers , citizen scientists , and people with a spirit of curiosity : - Demand unrestricted access to our genetic information - Believe individuals have the right to seek out , purchase , and interpret their own genetic information -
Do n't want to be required to consult a doctor or genetic counselor before accessing our genetic information -
Believe that people can make informed decisions about the usefulness , quality and actionability of genetic information -
Think Direct - to - Consumer genetic testing companies are taking the first steps in getting relevant genetic information to a wide audience , and that burdensome regulation will stifle innovation in this field - Support legislation to ensure privacy and prevent discrimination based on genetic informationA scientist is someone -- anyone -- who asks questions and seeks answers .
For the first time in history , we have the ability to look within ourselves , to read in detail the code of life , and understand better the tiny mechanisms that make up biology .
Professional scientists , academic labs , industry , and physicians have led us all on the first parts of this journey , but they are not the only expolorers , nor the only ones with questions to answer .
The innovations that will drive our economy through the rest of the century will start with small businesses , independent citizen groups , and families with concerns about their heredity .
In other words , with individuals .
President Obama sees this : " Continued research and development in the life sciences is essential to a brighter future for all people ...
" From cutting - edge academic institutes , to industrial research enters , to private laboratories in base ments and garages , progress is increasingly driven by innovation and open access to the insights and materials needed to advance individual initiatives .
"
In the spirit of citizen scientists like Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin , we seek the freedom to question .
As you look at regulating the nascent consumer genomics industry , please take this into account , and do n't shut off this flow of information as it is just getting started .
Thank you for your consideration , your time , and for the good work you do , Raymond McCauleyResearch Fellow , Scientific Advisory Board DIYgenomics.org
The world 's smallest horse was born in late April on a farm in New Hampshire .
Weighing in at 6 pounds at birth , Einstein appears to have beaten the previous record holder by three whole pounds .
But Einstein probably wo n't hold his place in the Guinness Book of World Records forever , because there may be no limit to how tiny we can make our horses , said equine geneticist Samantha Brooks of Cornell University .
But to get teacup horses will take many generations of breeding .
" In the last 50 years , breeders have made very good progress at making a very small horse , but they periodically hit these speed bumps , " said Brooks .
" It takes a while to work them out so that you end up with a horse that not only fits in the palm of your hand but is happy and healthy . "
In recent years , the genetic underpinnings of height and size in mammals have generated increasing interest from scientists .
In 2007 , genetics researchers made the surprising finding that a single gene plays a very large role in regulating dog size , a fact that partially accounts for the tremendous variation in dog size that we see from tiny chihuahuas to enormous bull mastiffs .
Brooks is attempting to do similar genomic studies of horses , drawing on a new genetic data set she 's created from the DNA of 1,300 horses ranging in size from 29 - inch tall mini horses to draft horses that are more than 6.5 feet tall at the shoulder .
Until that work is done , the molecular biological systems that make Einstein so little will remain a mystery .
" In a horse , we do n't really know yet what the genetics are behind the size variation , " said animal geneticist Rebecca Bellone of the University of Tampa .
We also do n't know why people like them so much , but they do .
Since pictures and video of Einstein were posted on the internet , Cantrell , an entertainment producer who lives part - time in Barnstead , New Hampshire , has been deluged with around 1,000 e-mails a day from fans and the media .
The YouTube video of the horse has been viewed 750,000 times .
" I love to ride , but when I 'm around a mini , it 's more of a friend thing .
It warms your heart , " said owner Charlie Cantrell .
" A lot of people use minis like medical assist dogs or companion animals in hospitals and I understand why they do . "
And even if we did understand the genetics of these tiny horses , conventional breeding techniques practically require bringing some traits that humans do n't want along with the ones that we do .
Two of the best examples of this problem in breeding have to do with the special pigmentation patterns in dalmatians and Appaloosa horses .
Appaloosa horses ' spotting is controlled by a set of genes called the leopard complex .
When they get a certain combination of these genes from the parents , they get beautiful patterning , but some genetic variations associated with desirable spots also lead to night blindness in the horses .
The spots dalmatians are famous for are associated with deafness in the dogs .
A full 30 percent of the dalmatians in the United States are deaf .
" This is a standard problem .
Animal breeders create as many problems as we solve , " said animal scientist Tom Famula of the University of California , Davis .
" When we push an animal in a direction that humans want , there 's usually some side effect .
To the animal that has evolved in balance , we 're trying to move some trait out of balance to the others .
We usually mess something up . "
Brooks says that this kind of problem is part and parcel of trying to breed animals with certain tightly defined characteristics .
" The trick is you have two copies of every gene , " Brooks said .
" Sometimes a particular mutation with only one copy may be recognized as beneficial but later down the line if you have an individual with two copies , the recessive effect might actually produce a disease . "
That 's because every gene in a mammal 's body is n't just being used for one thing .
The protein it encodes is a multipurpose tool .
" Each of these genes is multitasking .
It 's a pretty efficient way to do things , " Brooks said .
" Sometimes the negative effects are in some of these other things that a gene does .
When we make a change in gene X , what are the other processes that it might affect ? "
The same gene that helps control appaloosas ' melanin expression in their coats also plays a role in their eyes .
The situation is similar in miniaturizing horses .
As they get smaller , the genes that limit the growth of their skeletons can cause negative impacts .
Sometimes breeders attempting to create miniature horses end up with dwarfs that have malfunctioning jaws and legs .
They can be crippled .
While breeders obviously try to avoid that situation , it can be difficult for them to know which mating pairs will lead to negative outcomes .
The real limits then , may not be genetic , but cultural .
At some point , it may become difficult to get healthy , tiny horses .
To breed ever smaller horses , we might have to deal with a lot of deformed animals .
" It brings up this question of personal responsibility and what 's humane and what 's inhumane .
That 's something the tone of which will be set by public opinion , " Brooks said .
" I do n't think we 're at the point that we 're breeding monsters .
I do n't think we 're there but maybe we will be . "
The way Cantrell sees it , avoiding the downsides of mini breeding comes down to the individual breeders .
" It 's just like with dogs :
There are puppy mills , and there are mini mills , " he noted .
Einstein is more a lucky break than an attempt to breed the smallest horse .
Both of his parents are champion 30 - inch show horses .
He just happened to come out lilliputian .
Cantrell argued that despite the difficulty of breeding the minis , it 's worth it because they provide humans with a special feeling that standard horses cannot .
" When you get up close and personal to a miniature horse that is 30 inches tall , there is something about being able to touch him and walk with him in a very calm and safe manner , where you do n't feel like you 're going to be stomped to death , " Cantrell said .
Via @** sf_sj and Cute Overload
Images and Video : Charlie Cantrell
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Tumblr , and forthcoming book on the history of green technology ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
It 's almost upon me
Apr 9 , 2011
Yebb , I 'm talking about graduation :)
I have time for little else than work on my final project !
I 'm making a CCG ( collectible card game ) based on norse mythology .
Pretty neat , eh ?
Well this project is supposed to be at my school degree show which will open on april 23th .
So the time is short and so much still to do .
OMG .
But I am happy with my project and I look forward to the opening .
I guess there 's nothing else newsworthy these days , as I 've said , I do n't have time to do anything else than concentrate on my project . :)
Oh , and I 'm turning 25 this coming thursday ( april 14th ) .
Oh dear .
Time flies when you 're having fun ^ ^
Microsoft 's glasses - free 3D lens directs light to each eye individually to create 3D images .
Image credit : Microsoft .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Although today 's 3D displays require viewers to wear special glasses , many research groups are working toward glasses - free 3D displays .
Most recently , Microsoft ’s Applied Sciences Group has demonstrated a stereoscopic 3D display that projects different images to a viewer ’s left and right eyes , and does n’t require glasses .
The display uses a viewer - tracking system , which consists of a camera that tracks viewers ’ eyes and a lens that steers light directly into the viewers ’ eyes by switching LEDs along its bottom edge on and off .
The key to the lens design is enabling it to control light in a specific way .
The lens is tapered , with an 11 - mm thickness at the top and a 6 - mm thickness at the bottom .
The LEDs shine light into the back of the lens at a certain position and angle , and the lens determines how the light bounces around and where and at what angle it escapes the lens .
By replacing the traditional backlight in an LCD TV , the thin lens can turn a 2D display into a 3D display .
At this stage in development , the 3D display can project images to only two viewers , since a standard 240 Hz LCD TV can project four 60 Hz views .
A refresh rate of 60 Hz is about the slowest possible before the frames start getting jerky .
At this speed , the display can also project 2D images to four people , since each viewer only needs one view .
In order to accommodate more viewers , Microsoft is pushing display manufacturers to make faster LCDs .
The company also hopes to increase the 20 - degree viewing angle to at least 40 degrees by tweaking the lens design .
The stereoscopic 3D technology could also have applications besides 3D TV due to the fact that each viewer receives their own unique view .
This feature makes it possible for viewers to see completely different things on the same screen .
Microsoft is investigating how to integrate the lens into the backlight of a laptop , where it could project a private view to the person sitting directly in front of it , and a completely different public view in all other directions .
Although the concept of viewer - tracking 3D displays has been around for a long time , only recently have computers become fast and inexpensive enough to accommodate the high - speed requirements of viewer - tracking systems .
Microsoft ’s display , with its novel thin lens design , overcomes another challenge : reducing the bulkiness of earlier prototypes .
The lens shape allows the researchers to decrease the distance between the projector and the screen because light can travel within the lens rather than in air .
Since the market for 3D TV is expected to grow from 2.5 million sets shipped in 2010 to 27 million in 2013 , Microsoft ’s 3D display and others will likely continue to improve over the next few years .
Explore further Japanese Researchers Develop Portable 3D Display System
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Hey everyone , this is the fourth article in the series on the most popular commandlinefu one - liners explained .
Here are the first three parts :
And here are today 's one - liners :
31 . Quickly access ASCII table .
$ man 7 ascii
Ever forgot a keycode for some ASCII character or escape code ?
Look no further , man ascii contains the 7 - bit ASCII table .
Take a look at it online .
Linux man pages are full of gems like these .
One day I actually went through all the man pages to find the most interesting ones .
An article about them is upcoming but before I get it published , here are a few interesting ones :
And finally the section 7 man pages that are most packed with wild and cool info ,
There are a lot more interesting man pages but these stood out from the rest .
32 . Simple timer .
$ time read
This one - liner can be used a simple timer .
For example , if you want to time something , you can execute it when the event starts and press the return key when the event ends .
It will output the time the event took to finish .
Here is how this one - liner works .
First the time command times any command that is supplied to it .
In this case the command supplied to it is read that reads a line from the standard input .
As soon as you press enter , read finishes and time reports how long it took .
If you get annoyed by having to press enter , you can specify that read should return after having read 1 character ,
$ time read -N 1
Now you can press any key to stop the timer .
If you want to run a timer for a specific number of seconds , you can add -t flag for timeout ,
$ time read -t 60
This would stop the timer after 60 seconds .
33 . Shutdown a Windows machine .
$ net rpc shutdown - I IP_ADDRESS - U username % password
Everyone knows the net command , right ?
We all used to net use \ip\ipc$ * , right ? :)
Anyway , the net command comes as part of Samba , which allows you , for example , to use Linux in a Windows workgroup .
This particular one - liner executes the shutdown command on a Windows computer located at IP_ADDRESS with as the user username with password password .
To reboot a machine use the -r switch to net rpc :
$ net rpc shutdown -r - I IP_ADDRESS - U username % password
If you 're on an unsecured network , do n't forget about the good old nmblookup and smbclient tools that come with Samba .
34 . Execute a command independently from the current shell .
$ ( cd /tmp && ls )
This one - liner illustrates subshells .
Here the commands cd /tmp and ls are executed but they do not affect the current shell .
If you had done just cd /tmp && ls , your current shell would have changed directory to / tmp but in this one - liner it happens in a subshell and your current shell is not affected .
Surely , this is only a toy example .
If you wanted to know what 's in /tmp , you 'd do just ls /tmp .
Actually , talking about cd , be aware of pushd and popd commands .
They allow you to maintain a stack of directories you want to return to later .
For example ,
/ long / path/is/long$ pushd .
/ long / path / is/long$ cd /usr /usr$ popd / long / path / is/long $
Or even shorter , passing the directory you 're gonna cd to directly to pushd ,
/ long / path/is/long$ pushd / usr /usr$ popd / long / path / is/long $
Another cool trick is to use cd - to return to the previous directory .
Here is an example ,
/ home / pkrumins $ cd /tmp / tmp$ cd - /home / pkrumins $
35 . Tunnel your SSH connection via intermediate host .
$ ssh -t reachable_host ssh unreachable_host
This one - liner creates an ssh connection to unreachable_host via reachable_host .
It does it by executing the ssh unreachable_host on reachable_host .
The -t forces ssh to allocate a pseudo - tty , which is necessary for working interactively in the second ssh to unreachable_host .
This one - liner can be generalized .
You can tunnel through arbitrary number of ssh servers :
$ ssh -t host1 ssh -t host2 ssh -t host3 ssh -t host4 ...
Now catch me if you can . ;)
36 . Clear the terminal screen .
$ CTRL+l
Pressing CTRL+l ( that 's small L ) clears the screen leaving the current line at the top of the screen .
If you want to clear just some line , you can use argumented version of CTRL+l - first press ESC , then the line you want to clear , let 's say 21 ( 21st line ) , and then press the same CTRL+l .
That will clear the 21st line on the screen without erasing the whole screen .
$ ESC 21 CTRL+l
This command outputs a special " clear - screen " sequence to the terminal .
The same can be achieved by tput command ,
$ tput clear
Another way to clear the terminal ( usually when the screen gets garbled ) is to use the reset command ,
$ reset
37 .
Hear when the machine comes back online .
$ ping -a IP
Ever had a situation when you need to know when the system comes up after a reboot ?
Up until now you probably launched ping and either followed the timeouts until the system came back , or left it running and occasionally checked its output to see if the host is up .
But that is unnecessary , you can make ping - a audible !
As soon as the host at IP is back , ping will beep !
38 . List 10 most often used commands .
$ history | awk ' { a [ $ 2 ] ++}END {for( i in a ) {print a [ i ] " " i}} ' | sort - rn | head
The person who wrote it has the Unix mindset right .
He 's combining several shell commands to get the result he / she wants .
First , history outputs all the commands the person has executed .
Next , awk counts how many times the second column $ 2 appears in the output .
Once history has output all the commands and awk has counted them , awk loops over all the commands and outputs the count a [ i ] separated by space , followed by the command itself .
Then sort takes this input and sorts numerically -n and reverses the output -r , so that most frequent commands were on top .
Finally head outputs the first 10 most frequent history commands .
If you want to see more than 10 commands ( or less ) , change head to head - 20 for 20 commands or head - 5 for 5 commands .
39 .
Check gmail for new mail .
$ curl -u you@gmail.com -- silent " https://mail.google.com/mail/feed/atom " | perl - ne \ ' print " Subject : $ 1 " if /< title > ( .+? ) <\/ title >/ && $ title ++ ; print " ( from $ 1 )
" if /< email > ( .+? )<\/email >/ ; '
Gmail is cool because they offer an Atom feed for the new mail .
This one - liner instructs curl to retrieve the feed and authenticate as code> you@gmail.com </ code .
You 'll be prompted a password after you execute the command .
Next it feeds the output to perl .
Perl extracts the title ( subject ) of each email and the sender 's email .
These two items are printed to stdout .
Here is a the output when I run the command ,
Subject : i heard you liked windows ! ( from gates@microsoft.com )
Subject : got root ? ( from bofh@underground.org )
40 . Watch Star - Wars via telnet .
$ telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl
Needs no explaining .
Just telnet to the host to watch ASCII Star - Wars .
And here is another one ,
$ telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl 666
Connecting on port 666 will spit out BOFH excuses .
That 's it for today .
I hope you enjoyed the 4th part of the article .
Tune in next time for the 5th part .
Oh , and I 'd love if you followed me on Twitter !
The Burqa Debate Are Women 's Rights Really the Issue ?
On Wednesday , Spain became the latest European country to advance legislation to ban burqas and other such face veils .
Many of those in favor of such laws cite women 's rights , but does criminalizing their clothing help ?
Setting up opposing camps among the Hollywood studios over $ 1 - per - night kiosk rentals , Paramount Pictures has agreed to provide its movies to Redbox on the same day they go on sale .
The move comes soon after Warner Bros. , Universal Pictures and 20th Century Fox all signed deals with Redbox to block rentals of DVDs until 28 days after they are released .
The studios have argued that discount kiosk rentals hamper DVD sales and cut into home video revenue .
However , Viacom Inc.'s Paramount views things differently .
Over the last 10 months , the studio has experimented with numerous delays , or “ windows , ” of DVDs to Redbox to weigh its effect on sales .
“ There were two conclusions we came to , ” said Dennis Maguire , president of Paramount Home Entertainment .
“ There has n’t been a cannibalization of DVD sales from Redbox , and Redbox was allowing us to expand our business and ultimately make more money ” than if the studio held back its DVDs to Redbox for a period of time .
Technically , Paramount is moving forward on a deal it signed last August but was allowed to exit after the test period concluded last month .
It will provide its films to Redbox the same day they go on sale through the end of 2014 and receive a percentage of revenue from the rentals , as well as a guaranteed amount of space in each Redbox kiosk for its DVDs .
Redbox estimated that it would pay Paramount $ 575 million over the life of the agreement .
Sony Pictures previously signed long - term deals to provide its DVDs “ day- and - date ” to Redbox as well , and Disney offers its movies to Redbox without a formal arrangement .
Tuesday ’s deal with Paramount means that the six major studios are essentially split evenly in their views on working with Redbox .
Fox , Universal and Warner Bros. have signed deals with subscription DVD service Netflix instituting identical 28 - day restrictions on rentals of new DVDs .
Maguire said the details of any new deal his studio signs with Netflix may be different , but that his philosophical approach will remain the same .
“ Those people who want to rent are going to figure out ways to rent , ” he said , “ and us restricting them from renting is n’t going to turn it into a purchase . ”
DVD and home video rentals have helped to support the movie business for years .
But the downturn in DVD sales has undercut revenues , leading the studios to evaluate longtime practices .
ben.fritz@latimes.com
The ideologically - based media and the corporately owned media have been diligent in painting a decidedly one - sided anti-Democratic picture going into the November Midterm elections .
They hope the conventional wisdom that they 've created -- that this is a wave year for Republicans -- will become a self - fulfilling prophesy .
This is n't borne out by the facts -- Republicans are as untrusted and unpopular as ever , for example , and as the economy recovers from Bush - Republican financial and economic policies ( and deprecations ) , Democrats look more and more attractive to ordinary Americans .
What is clear , on the other hand , is that 2010 will be a bad year for , particularly conservative ones .
Last weekend in Utah , ultra - conservative Republican Senator Robert Bennett saw his political career come to a screeching halt at the hands of deranged teabaggers .
At the same time , one of the most conservative Democrats in Congress , Blue Dog Jim Matheson , was denied the Democratic Party endorsement -- with corporate shill Steny Hoyer in the room pleading with delegates to vote for him -- by an openly lesbian progressive Democrat , Claudia Wright .
Mormon - dominated
Utah has n't exactly been fertile soil for progressive values or the Democratic Party , but progressives and Democrats stand to make gains all over the country .
And the Blue America guest at Crooks and Liars today ( 11 am , PT ) , Roxanne Conlin of Iowa , may well be the best shot the Democrats have of turning a red Senate seat blue .
She 's also the best shot Iowa Democrats have of taking that seat back from the conservatives in living memory .
She 's a trial attorney whose life 's work has been standing up for ordinary American families against predatory corporations , the kinds of predatory corporations that have financed Chuck Grassley 's political career .
Conservative barnacle Grassley was first elected to political office in 1958 .
How old were you then ?
He 's been gulping from the public trough -- with no interruption -- for 52 years .
Even if the media does n't , wily old Grassley does understand that 2010 is shaping up to be an anti-incumbent year , not an anti-Democratic year .
And this will be the first time Grassley has ever faced a strong Democratic opponent and the first time he 's run with a registration disadvantage .
Iowa Democrats overtook Republicans in 2006 , increased their share of voters substantially in 2008 and go into 2010 with around 100,000 more registered voters than Republicans .
Grassley , who may be personally liked by -- or at least familiar to -- most Iowa voters , is increasingly seen as kind of senile and bizarre , making inappropriate comments , about " pulling the plug on Grandma " and crazy stuff like that , as though he had turrets syndrome .
One of K Street 's best friends and widely viewed as a senator whose vote is always up for sale to the highest paying corporate interest , Grassley actually failed to keep pace with Roxanne 's grassroots fundraising in the first quarter !
The 28 point spread between Grassley and Roxanne in January has shrunk to a 9 point advantage for the 30 year incumbent .
So far all this momentum for Roxanne has come with no help from Washington , no TV ads , nothing but grassroots , on - the - ground , old style retail campaigning .
She 's visited all 99 of Iowa 's counties , even the ones that vote for Steve King !
She 's already beating Grassley among women voters .
And what does she talk about ?
Real issues with a real impact on people 's lives .
And that 's bad news for Grassley .
He may not remember , but he was the one who stuck a little provision into Bush 's Medicare Part D giveaway for Grassley 's Big Pharma campaign contributors that guaranteed that the federal government couldnegotiate for fair prices for senior citizens .
This is one of Roxanne 's favorite points .
She told me that when someone buys Zocor ( 20 mg ) through the VA ( where the governmentnegotiate ) , they pay $ 127.44 annually .
Vets were lucky Grassley did n't do to them what he did to seniors .
Seniors buying the same Zocor through Medicare Part D pay $ 1,485.96 , thanks entirely to Chuck Grassley and the other conservative corporate shills in the Senate .
If you buy your Protonix ( 40mg ) through the VA , the government gets you a nice deal -- $ 214.53 / year .
The Chuck Grassley price is a stunning $ 1,148.40 .
No wonder the pharmaceutical industry loves him .
He 's responsible for transferring billions of our dollars into their coffers .
He gets a cut , too ; they 've given him $ 549,180 over the years .
Roxanne looks forward to getting into the Senate and changing this -- as well as the ban on drug importation , another reason the Big Drug companies love Grassley so very , very dearly .
She 's also eager to debate Grassley on his ardent backing for corporations that ship American jobs overseas .
He has a long and sordid voting record she wants to talk with him about .
In 2005 , for example , he voted against an amendment ( along with every Republican and a few conservative corporate Dems ) that would repeal tax incentives for domestic companies that move their manufacturing plants to offshore locations and use the resulting revenue to reduce the federal deficit and debt by $ 3.2 billion from 2006 to 2010 .
The year before , he voted against prohibiting American tax dollars from being used to ship jobs outside the country .
The amendment Grassley voted against would have : limited the ability of civilian agencies to award contracts to companies that would use offshore workers , prohibited the privatization of jobs when contractors would take the work overseas , and require states to certify that they will not use federal funds for services performed outside the United States , eliminated tax advantages for companies that move factories overseas to make goods that are shipped back to the U.S. market , and prohibited companies from deferring taxes on income earned from these “ runaway ” manufacturing plants .
Again , Grassley and every single Republican voted against it -- joined by 4 DLC corporate freaks , John Breaux , Ben Nelson , Zell Miller and Max Baucus .
2004 was also the year Grassley voted against an amendment that would have struck $ 39 billion in tax breaks on overseas income .
The amendment would have provided for an immediate 9 % tax deduction for domestic manufacturers .
And in 2003 there were three more votes along the same lines : helping wreck the middle class by rewarding corporations for shipping American jobs overseas .
If Roxanne can make this case stick -- get Iowa voters to focus on Grassley 's voting record -- he 's toast .
Let 's help her get the message out
Labels : Grassley , Iowa , Roxanne Conlin
The Fire was first heard during The Roots ’s performance at the opening ceremony of the 2010 Winter Olympics , which was hosted in Vancouver .
Their upcoming album How I Got Over drops on June 22nd , and The Fire will be found at the 11th spot .
Enjoy .
The Roots – The Fire feat .
John Legend
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Choosing the Ideal Moving Company
If you want to make the difference as you move in a new place , or just around the neighbour , to another town and city , or another country , choose the ideal removal firm well .
Moving in a new home requires you to do something about it - it requires you to hire a moving firm .
Moving is a very difficult task so you can't simply underestimate it by not hiring a moving company .
The amount of physical and mental organization is both grave when you move .
How can this be possible if the only thing you need to do is move everything in your new home or in your new apartment ?
You can find out the answer in succeeding paragraphs .
What are the things that are typically done in moving house ?
For the common tasks , you have to pack boxes , lift or carry the boxes up and down the stairs , lug them in and out the van or truck , and then unpack them in your new home .
You can just imagine doing the whole process again and again with other items you need to move , from packing your appliances , cabinets , desks , chairs , and everything that you own .
After everything is done one thing is for sure : it is simply exhausting .
And to make things even more exhausting , you are moving in a very tight schedule that is why everything should be vacated once you reach the deadline .
Other things that you move in your new home are the antiques that you have , the breakable items in the kitchen , the fragile furniture , and so much more .
And now , are you still having second thoughts whether to choosing your moving company and hire the services of a removal firm or not ?
The Benefits of Hiring Moving Companies
The most apparent benefit of hiring a moving companies is you take the burden off yourself shoulders so you can completely concentrate in taking care of the rest of your move .
Once you hire a careful removal firm , you are assured that your properties and valuable possessions are safe and fully protected .
This being careful of a relocation company can be attributed to the good plan that the movers created in order to execute the entire moving process .
Your properties are completely insured under the removal firm contract you agreed upon .
As your properties are being packed , transported , and delivered in your new home , you will have peace of mind since everything is under insurance coverage .
You can rely on the services provided by removal firm especially if you are in a tight schedule .
You can hire their service given the short notice and you would n't feel any pressure at all .
Professionals from removal companies are trained to handle pressure to perform their job even better even if the deadline is just near .
Finally , if you let the moving companies do their job you are mostly benefited because you do n't stress and confuse yourself in doing the packing , sorting , loading , unloading , and unpacking of your personal belongings and valuable possessions .
Hiring a moving firm will not just ease the burden you are carrying but it will also eliminate the danger that your property can get into if you move them without professional assistance .
As you know , moving can cost you some money but if you will examine the great benefits it can give in return , you know that you perfectly made the right decision .
Help the Movers for a Hassle Free Moving
Moving house involves a lot of work from start to finish with the best moving company .
It would really demand a lot of attention from you .
It even gets complicated when you are moving from a big house to a smaller one .
This would mean that you would have to get rid of some of your things and you would have to keep the others some place else .
Nevertheless there is a way to solve your dilemma .
You can hire a removals companies and rent storage from them .
They can help you do the move so you wo n't have to worry about the loading and the unloading of your things .
If you rent moving and storage company , they can even bring your things to the storage area so you would not have to worry about your other things too .
If you want a smoother moving though , you have to do your own part as well .
Since you know that you will not be able to bring all your things to your new place you have to sort your things early on .
Before you start packing , you should already know which ones you will need in your new house , which ones you 're going to get rid of and which ones you would have to store at the moment .
Even if you can store the things you cannot bring to your new place , remember that renting storage has some cost .
You would have to get rid of some of your things so you will need to rent lesser space .
If you sell some of your things , you could also gather some money to cover some of your moving expenses .
You need to do the sorting of your things yourself since you know which ones you 're still going to need .
But if you do the sorting well , the removals company will be able to bring the things where they are supposed to go .
Packing your things properly is also important .
You have to make sure you use the right materials so your things will not be damaged during transportation .
If you have big or delicate things , you can also ask some assistance from the movers company .
For a fee , they can do the packing for you too .
It is also important that you hire a reputable moving companies .
Since they will be handling your things , you should be sure you can trust them .
There must be transparency in their fees .
And it must be clear how your things are going to be handled and stored .
It would be better if you get references and check them out before hiring them .
It would even be so much better if they come highly recommended by friends and people you know .
There are many stories behind moving company .
REYKJAVIK Ã¢â‚¬â€ 
More than a year and a half after Iceland ’s major banks failed , all but sinking the country ’s economy , police have begun rounding up a number of top bankers while other former executives and owners face a two - billion - dollar lawsuit .
Since Iceland ’s three largest banks — Kaupthing , Landsbanki and Glitnir — collapsed in late 2008 , their former executives and owners have largely been living untroubled lives abroad .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the publication last month of a parliamentary inquiry into the island nation ’s profound financial and economic crisis signaled a turning of the tide , laying much of the blame for the downfall on the former bank heads who had taken “ inappropriate loans from the banks ” they worked for .
On Wednesday , the administrators of Glitnir ’s liquidation announced they had filed a two - billion - dollar ( 1.6 - billion - euro ) lawsuit in a New York court against former large shareholders and executives for alleged fraud .
“ I think this lawsuit is without precedence in Iceland , ” Steinunn Gudbjartsdottir , who chairs Glitnir ’s so - called winding - up board , told reporters in Reykjavik .
“ It is about higher figures than we have ever seen , ” she said , adding that she expected Glitnir to file more lawsuits going forward , but that “ it is unlikely any will be this big . ”
Glitnir said it was suing “ Jon Asgeir Johannesson , formerly its principal shareholder , Larus Welding , previously Glitnir ’s chief executive , Thorstein Jonsson , its former chairman and other former directors , shareholders and third parties associates with Johannesson for fraudulently and unlawfully draining more than two billion dollars out of the bank . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The bank also said it was “ taking action against its former auditors PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) for facilitating and helping to conceal the fraudulent transactions engineered by Johannesson and his associates , which ultimately led to the bank ’s collapse in October 2008 . ”
Glitnir ’s suit , filed in the New York state Supreme Court on Tuesday , blamed most of the bank ’s woes on “ Johannesson and his co-conspirators , ” who had “ conspired to systematically loot Glitnir Bank in order to prop up their own failing companies . ”
Johannesson , the former owner of the now - defunct Baugur investment group with stakes in a number of British high street stores including Hamleys , Debenhams and House of Fraser , said he was shocked by the lawsuit .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The distortions and the nonsense in the lawsuit are incredible , ” he told the Pressan news website .
Glitnir ’s administrators “ can get a 10 - year - prison sentence for misusing US courts in this manner , ” he insisted .
ADVERTISEMENT
The bank ’s chief administrator Gudbjartsdottir took his comments in stride .
“ I did n’t expect him to be happy with the lawsuit , ” she said .
In addition to its New York suit , Glitnir said it had “ secured a freezing order from the High Court in London against Jon Asgeir Johannesson ’s worldwide assets , including two apartments in Manhattan ’s exclusive Gramercy Park neighbourhood for which he paid approximately 25 million dollars . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Gudbjartsdottir said Johannesson had just 48 hours to come up with a satisfactory list of his assets .
“ If he does not give the right information he faces a jail sentence , ” she said .
Four former Kaupthing executives , who all live in Luxembourg , have meanwhile been arrested in Iceland in the past week and Interpol has issued an international arrest warrant for that bank ’s ex-chairman , Sigurdur Einarsson .
Former head of the bank ’s domestic operations , Ingolfur Helgason , and former chief risk officer Steingrimur Karason were arrested late Monday on arrival from Luxembourg , just days after former Kaupthing boss Hreidar Mar Sigurdsson , along with Magnus Gudmunsson , who headed the bank ’s unit in Luxembourg , were taken into custody .
ADVERTISEMENT
The 49 - year - old Einarsson , who lives in London , said late Tuesday he had no plans to travel to Iceland to be arrested .
“ I ’m absolutely flabbergasted about the latest news , ” he told the Frettabladid daily .
“ There is in my opinion no need for the arrests or custody rulings , and I will not of my own free will take part in the play that it appears is being staged to soothe the Icelandic people , ” he said .
“ I ’ll put the human rights I enjoy here in Britain to the test and will not therefore come home ( to Iceland ) to these conditions without being forced , ” he added .
This may well be the most important behind - the - scenes video we ’ve made to date .
Not because it ’s fancy or sexy , but because it covers arguably the most essential information on a set of topics that every photo and video person should understand : workflow , storage and backup of your precious images .
This video covers all the ins and outs , the theory and the details of our complete photo and video workflow from capture to archive and everything in between .
So whether you ’re a seasoned pro , an aspiring amateur , or just starting out in photography or video we ’ve worked hard to make this worth your time .
While there is no “ right ” digital workflow , ours has been shaped in the professional environment over the past 10 years .
More importantly the techniques we use , the gear , the methodology , everything discussed herein been time tested and entirely scalable depending on budget , experience and where you ’re at personally in photography and video , wheter you ’ve got millions of images or just hundreds .
Ultimately , this is a template , a summary of our experience piled into one video and one blog post .
Photography , video , and filmmaking are my passions , but they ’re also my livelihood , so–as you ’d imagine –I take workflow , storage and backup solutions very seriously .
There are , of course , a number of ways to do this stuff , but several key concepts remain consistent no matter what your level of experience .
In recent years , workflow , storage and backup has probably been the most requested topic I ’ve been asked to cover …and rightly so .
It ’s important .
While I generally do n’t actively ask , I ’m going with a different approach on this one .
Since I ’m hoping to re-ignite the dialogue on this entire subject , I would love for you to embed , share , retweet , re-post or share this with your friends .
Arguably these principles –especially the parts on storage and backup of data , apply to everyone , not just us photogs .
It ’s my goal that this becomes a living reference , a launchpad for further discussions on this sorta nerdy–but important–topic .
I fully expect there to be questions , counterpoints , and alternative views .
It ’s all welcome .
The comments section of this post will be another place for great information and discussion .
In addition to the video above , there ’s a HUGE RESOURCE of written workflow and backup after the jump .
You ’ll find additional images , a downloadable pdf , even B&H links to all our workflow gear after the jump , so please dig in …
WORKFLOW .
Here ’s ours :
Here is a downloadable pdf of the above image for your later perusal .
Enjoy .
STORAGE AND BACKUP theory .
Some general theory behind backing up your work .
1 . Make your work ORGANIZED .
You should be able to easily navigate , save , and locate files an organized folder structure .
For starters , I recommend what ’s commonly called reverse - date naming , combined with some convenient , recognizable text .
For example , if I shot images for an Apple campaign today , June 22 , 2010 , on my # 1 Nikon D3s camera , I would rename the images using the convention 20100622 _Apple_1 _[ camera file name ] or similar and put them in a folder referencing that info as such .
We use Aperture to rename our stuff , but there are lots of software options that do this for you .
The important takeaway from this point is whatever you do , make it organized .
That goes for files , folders and overall folder structure .
Be sure to AVOID folder names like NEW PICTURES , or YESTERDAY ’S PARTY .
2. Choose the right STORAGE MEDIUM .
Use portable , external hard drives and –perhaps even RAIDed storage–at your home , office or studio to store your work .
I do not use DVDs or CDs .
There is all sorts of data that says use this or that or gold plated whatevers .
I find that research incomplete and flawed .
We use hard drives .
And LOTS of them .
We love G - Tech .
They make great , affordable drives in a range of sizes , from 256G to full enterprise quality RAIDs .
Note that we chose G - Tech from a variety of possible partners because of their high quality product and company commitment to the pro photo and video space .
We now work with G - Tech helping test their gear and ideas , so consider that within this context , but be aware that this comes after having used nearly every manufacturer ’s product at some point in the past .
G - Tech is our choice , but you can feel reasonably comfortable using most any name brand hard drive .
As a general rule , if you can afford it , purchase more storage than you think you ’ll need .
Also note that , relatively speaking , you ’re purchasing according to economies of scale .
Thus , a 200GB hard drive may cost $ 100 , or $ 0.50 / GB ; whereas 500GB hard drive may cost $ 150 , or $ 0.30 / GB .
3. Keep a CLEAN COPY OF THE ORIGINAL DATA .
Before uploading your images into some proprietary viewing software I recommend copying the original data to a sacred place , in a sound file structure , where it ’s not altered .
I strongly recommend this is a separate drive from your computer ’s hard drive .
Upload or copy images onto your computer ’s hard drive or into your preferred viewing or editing software for manipulation or reference ONLY AFTER you have a clean copy saved ( and never altered ) somewhere safe .
4. Make it REDUNDANT .
In order for your backup protocol to be effective , it ’s absolutely crucial that your files be in at least two different locations as soon after creating the images as possible .
Creating two copies of the original data is the most important step in backing up data .
However unlikely , hard drives and memory cards do sometimes FAIL .
Do n’t subject yourself to having only one copy of your precious photos or videos .
It ’s not worth it .
5. Keep ‘em SEPARATE .
Remember why you keep originals of your will in the bank ’s safe - deposit box and copies at home ?
This is a similar concept .
Now that you ’ve got two separate copies , on separate drive , with the exact same data on them , do your best to keep them separated .
Try keeping one at home and one at the office .
Or what at your house and one at your moms .
This is the most far - reaching component of the backup protocol and protects you from the more extreme events like theft or fire .
Statistically , it ’s unlikely that this will happen , however it ’s the best way to truly protect yourself from catastrophic loss .
6. Use DILIGENCE .
A backup strategy is only effective if you can maintain it .
Even if you ’re not a pro photographer , keeping extra copies of your files according to a well organized , established protocol will help keep your precious files safe for the long haul .
SOME STORAGE AND BACKUP SPECIFICS :
ON SITE PORTION OF THE SOLUTION : Our studio runs a network of many computers linked together at a hub which speaks directly to a central file serving computer .
This “ server ” can be any computer really , in our case it ’s 2 Apple X Serves .
The server ’s job is to retrieve files for the rest of the computers on the network .
This server ’s external hard drive is the focus of this post .
In your case , this might be just a single drive , or a small RAID solution you can buy from most electronic stores .
In our case , we upload all our data onto G - Speed FC - XL Raids by G - Tech .
This is a giant hard drive ( 64TB ) that has written data seamlessly over a number of different drives in an array .
This is fancy terminology that basically means that the drives all sync together to act like one drive , but in reality they ’re separate drives arranged in such a way that if one drive fails , the server can identify it and , upon replacing the defunct drive , re-create data that was on the dead drive .
It circumvents the horror of all your data living on a single bulk hard drive and failing .
By spreading the data over several drives , you ’re minimizing your risks .
If one drive fails , you ’re covered ; and theoretically , multiple separate drives are far less likely to die at the same time .
Redundancy is the key .
Whether you ’ve got an enterprise quality solution , or even just a two hard drives daisy - chained together , make it redundant …
OFF SITE PORTION OF THE SOLUTION : Now , the RAID takes care of any on - site single drive failures .
You ’re backed up at the studio .
But what about a fire ?
What if the entire building gets crushed in an earthquake , RAID and all ?
If you take your photos really seriously –professionally or as an advanced amateur , you should have at least one copy of your data at a secure location off site .
In our case , we use raided G - Speed 8TB drives for all data .
We do NOT recommend DVD ’s or CD’s .
They are more volatile than hard disks .
The data for all jobs gets put directly onto these G - Speeds and gets archived off - site .
Thus , we ’re backed up in case of drive failure AND in case of a dramatic catastrophe .
Generally speaking , we ’re betting , as all backup systems do , that our redundancy measures will out perform even the most disastrous situations that occur .
OTHER DATA ?
Note :
The above is our solution for the RAW photo data that is created in intense bursts of large piles of data ( shoots ) , not usually a small daily trickle .
All our images live in their original , unaltered state on the RAIDs and off site .
But what about client work , adjusted image drafts , delivered images , post production in progress , invoices , production docs , etc , and all the other data that gets changed or updated on a day to day , “ trickle ” basis ?
We call this our LIVE ( rhymes with hive ) WORK and it ’s handled in a slightly different manner .
It still lives ( in a separate partition ) on our RAID , and thus had built - in , on - site redundancy , but to remedy the off - site portion of the equation we use Apple ’s Time Machine software to write a copy of this portion of our data onto two hardrives that are in rotation , while one is on - site backing up the data every night , the other is offsite , secure .
Then , every 7 days , we swap out the drives .
What this accomplishes is important and based on the same basic principle of redundancy that we use for storing our raw photo data .
If the studio gets firebombed , then we still have all our raw , untouched data offsite and also all our LIVE work offsite … the most we ’d be out in such a catastrophe is 7 days worth of pixel pushing .
Also , we backup each and every workstation in our studio with its own , separate hard drive using Apple ’s Time Machine .
It writes a backup of your computer every hour for 24 hours and every day until the drive is full .
As a rule of thumb , the size of the Time Machine drive should be twice the size of your computer ’s hard drive .
These backups are important if you have a computer hard drive failure OR if you errantly delete a file .
Time Machine has a nifty interface where you can go back into various earlier ‘ snap shots ’ of your harddrive and find that file you accidentally deleted .
Do n’t rely on this as a strategy for saving data , but in a pinch this can be a life saver .
Lastly …THE GEAR LIST
We know you love it , so here ya go :
Thanks very much for staying with me for this whole thing .
Hope you find this to be a great resource .
If so , please share it with your friends .
Also , please feel free to subscribe to my blog , Facebook , Twitter and YouTube channels if you like anything you ’ve read here .
Feedback and dialogue is always welcome .
Tempe law firm
White Berberian is offering to represent people accused of illegal file sharing in a massive lawsuit brought by film studios .
To date , 14,000 individuals have been named in seven lawsuits alleging that they illegally pirated films produced by US Copyright Group clients , which include producers of the Academy Award - winning film " The Hurt Locker . "
The US Copyright Group is offering defendants the chance to settle for between $ 1,500 and $ 2,500 to avoid a potential maximum penalty of $ 150,000 .
White Berberian offers defendants the chance to renegotiate the amount for a fee of $ 249 .
Steven
White , a partner in the law firm , said he decided to take up the case after speaking to a few people who had been named in the lawsuit , some of whom said they had no memory of illegally downloading or sharing the movie .
Others were unsure of what the penalties are and what constitutes a fair settlement .
" It 's one of those deals where people are put in an awkward situation , " he said .
The US Copyright Group located the defendants through IP addresses , and later subpoenaed Internet service providers for user information .
If someone has an unsecured wireless Internet connection , other users in the area can use it to download and share pirated movies .
White and partner Sean Berberian said they would be willing to represent people who decide to go to trial , but this would come at a prohibitive cost to the client .
Defendants should seek legal counsel before making any decisions , but in most cases , settling with the US Copyright Group would be a wiser option , White said .
" What I would say to ( someone in that position ) is , ' You 're a great test case , ' " he said .
" The problem with that is . . . for them to mount their defense , it would cost thousands of dollars . "
But defendants named in the suit may want to wait for the ruling on a motion filed by civil liberties groups to dismiss the current suit .
The American Civil Liberties Union and online civil liberties group Electronic Frontier Foundation filed a brief earlier this month challenging the grouping of the defendants into a single suit .
Trying all of the defendants in one suit , EFF attorney Corryne McSherry said , keeps them from being able to mount an adequate defense .
The defendants come from across the country , McSherry said , but the trial is in Washington .
The alleged violations of copyright law also occurred under different circumstances , she added .
" We have a notion in this country that everyone is entitled to individual justice , " she said .
" When you sue 4,000 people at once , you are going to make it harder for those individuals to get justice . "
The judge in the case , Rosemary Collyer , has asked US Copyright Group to explain , in writing , why the defendants should all be charged together .
If she rules in favor of the ACLU and EFF , the group may be forced to try the cases in multiple jurisdictions , which would be very costly .
While it may be wise to wait out the challenge , White said , it depends on the situation an individual is in .
Some people are concerned about their ISPs giving out personal information , while others may simply want it to go away as quickly as possible .
" I suspect it has something to do with who they are .
They are in some position where , if they were even named in a suit of this nature . . . that could cause some ramifications in other aspects of their life , " he said .
" It depends on the individual client . "
Representatives of US Copyright Group could not be reached for comment .
Prime Minister David Cameron last night appeared to back the US reaction to the spill ahead of a phone call to Mr Obama , saying he “ understood ” the feelings towards BP .
A US official emphasised that relations between the two countries would not be harmed , stressing it was a matter between America and a private company .
guiding you and your family to a better future
At the office of attorney Marilyn G. Miller , we bring more than 25 years of experience to individuals throughout the Hill Country in Central Texas .
Attorney Marilyn G. Miller is a Certified Elder Law attorney , as certified by the National Elder Law Foundation , and recognized by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization and has a master ’s in law in taxation .
She has been a lecturer and presenter at the Texas State Bar ’s elder law conference and the University of Texas ’ elder law conference , teaching other lawyers the principles of elder law .
To learn more about the practice experience , click on the link below to see the firm profile .
For a private consultation , contact our office or call us at 512- 894-0319 to arrange a meeting .
Read More
FSB head quarters attacket by terrorist .
This happened in 2005 in Nalchik .
Cameraman killed under the rain of bullets .
RIP Tamerlan Kazikhanov .
He was a director of anti-terroristic press agency MVD RF
Does a company that both builds oil rigs and cleans up oil spills have any motivation to prevent oil rig disasters ?
That ’s the question some people in business and politics are asking themselves after Halliburton ’s purchase of an oil clean - up company 10 days before the Deepwater Horizon explosion that killed 11 workers and launched the worst oil spill in US history .
ADVERTISEMENT
Some observers see a conspiracy in the actions of the company once headed by Dick Cheney .
Halliburton , which built the cement casing for the Deepwater Horizon ’s drill , announced its purchase of Houston - based oilfield services company Boots and Coots for $ 240 million on April 9 , just 11 days before the Deepwater Horizon explosion .
According to a report at the Christian Science Monitor Friday , Boots and Coots is now under contract with BP to help with the oil spill .
The company “ focuses on oil spill prevention and blowout response , ” CSM reports .
Halliburton ’s purchase is not yet a done deal — it ’s still awaiting regulatory approval , though few observers think the purchase wo n’t pass muster .
“ [ Mergers and acquisitions ] in the industrial and oil services sectors is totally normal , ” writes David Anderson at The Inspired Economist , “ but the timing in this case , is not .
Boots &
Coots sure seems like the perfect company to own if it would soon become necessary to get more involved with some oil disaster .
“ Does this strike readers as a coincidence ?
If so , itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s a pretty lucky one for Halliburton . ”
But could Halliburton have known that an oil disaster was on the horizon , and planned in advance to profit from it ?
News reports indicate they could have .
ADVERTISEMENT
The New York Times reported in May that BP was concerned about the rig ’s well casing — which Halliburton worked on — as early as June of 2009 .
The Times also reported that a Halliburton employee warned BP three weeks before the explosion that BP ’s use of cement for the well casing was “ against [ Halliburton ’s ] best practices . ”
But even if the company ’s purchase of Boots and Coots was just a “ lucky coincidence , ” there is still plenty about it to alarm observers .
According to CSM , analysts are worried that a company like Halliburton will grow “ complacent ” in preventing disasters , because there is money to be made from cleaning up the mess — and then rebuilding the oil rig .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Working on both sides of the fenceÃ¢â‚ ¬Â is common in the oil industry , University of Louisiana professor Robert Gramling told CSM , but Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ it makes for a very complex decision - making environment that can become problematic . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
At the very least , Halliburton ’s purchase should give the company a revenue boost .
While Halliburton has been reporting plummeting revenue in recent quarters , Boots and Coots has been a business success story , with its revenue jumping from $ 11 million in 2000 to $ 209 million in 2008 , before dropping slightly in 2009 .
Washington Report on Middle East Affairs , May - June 2010 , Page 18
Special Report
Money Trail in Dubai Assassination Leads To Iowa
By Michael Gillespie
AN ONGOING investigation by the Dubai Police Force into the assassination there of a high - level Hamas official ( see April 2010 Washington Report on Middle East Affairs , p. 12 ) has revealed the contours of Israel 's massive and ever - expanding operations in the United States .
The Jan. 19 murder of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in his room at the Al Bustan Rotana , a 275 - room five - star luxury hotel , has been widely perceived to be a Mossad operation involving , by the most recent count , 27 suspects traveling on fraudulently obtained and falsified European or Australian passports .
The plot thickened in late February and early March , when major U.S. news media outlet reports connected the crime and many of those involved in it to Israeli and U.S. corporations and revealed that , after leaving Dubai , some of the suspected assassins had entered the United States .
ABC News reported on Feb. 24 that Dubai police had identified 15 new suspects as part of the ring that killed al - Mabhouh , and that " Fourteen of the suspects purportedly used credit cards from MetaBank , a regional American bank , to pay for hotel rooms and travel arrangements ... Dubai police linked MetaBank to a New York - based company called Payoneer , which provided prepaid MasterCard credit cards issued by MetaBank .
According to its Web site , Payoneer has a research and development center in Tel Aviv . "
This reporter contacted MetaBank 's corporate headquarters in Storm Lake , Iowa to inquire why an Iowa bank would provide credit cards to 14 suspected members of a death squad .
Lisa Binder , vice president for Investor Relations and Corporate Communications , responded via telephone and e-mail with a statement saying , in part , " The Meta cards in question were issued in conjunction with a Meta Payment Systems program , not at a retail bank location .
Meta Payment Systems , which has issued more than 150 million prepaid cards , markets its payroll cards through various Program Managers — in this case , Payoneer — to offer reputable U.S. companies network branded payroll cards with which American companies can pay expatriates , employees and contractors of their company who live in the U.S. and in foreign countries .
The cards in question were ' loaded ' by the companies using direct deposit for payroll , disbursements , and other compensation . "
Attempts to contact Payoneer offices at 410 Park Avenue in New York City revealed that the only phone answered at Payoneer headquarters was a customer support line for Payoneer 's Birthright Israel customers .
According to Birthright Israel 's Web site , < www.birthrightisrael.com>, the program sends " thousands of young Jewish adults from all over the world to Israel as a gift in order to diminish the growing division between Israel and Jewish communities around the world ; to strengthen the sense of solidarity among world Jewry ; and to strengthen participants ' personal Jewish identity and connection to the Jewish people . "
The Web site states that all Birthright Israel participants must pay their $ 250 refundable " security deposit " through Payoneer .
Payoneer 's Birthright customer support center declined to provide contact information for Payoneer corporate communications personnel or for Payoneer founder and CEO Yuval Tal .
" Since the [ Dubai [ assassination , " noted Abbas Al Lawati , a staff reporter for Gulf News.com , on March 3 , " Tal has been shielded by a wall of public relations representatives and does not respond to media requests for comments ... Tal 's public relations representatives in New York have refused to comment on his past and relations with Israel 's intelligence agency Mossad . "
Payoneer 's
Web site describes the company as " a registered MasterCard Merchant Service Provider ( MSP ) , and partner with MetaBank or Choice Bank Limited to deliver our services .
Privately held , our funding partners include Greylock Partners , Carmel Ventures , and Crossbar Capital . "
All three of Payoneer 's funding partners are venture capital firms that have offices in or strong connections to Israel , the Washington Report on Middle East Affairs , has learned .
Charlie Federman , managing partner of Crossbar Capital , previously co-founded BRM Capital in 1999 , headed its New York office , and served as a managing director of the Israel - and New York - based fund until 2007 .
BRM Group , headquartered in Herzliya , was founded by Nir Barkat , mayor of occupied Jerusalem .
Carmel Ventures also is headquartered Herzliya .
Greylock Partners , founded in 1965 , " operates in a number of global centers of innovation , including Boston , China ( Beijing ) , India ( Bangalore ) , Israel ( Herzliya ) and Silicon Valley . "
Current Greylock portfolio companies include Digg , Facebook , and Linked In , according to Greylock 's Web site .
Greylock 's investment activities in Israel were launched in 2002 by partner Moshe Mor , who " served six years in the Israeli army as a Captain in the Military Intelligence branch , " according to the Web site .
Despite the reported entry into the U.S. of at least two of the Dubai suspects using fraudulent , falsified passports , thus far there has been little to indicate that U.S. officials are seriously interested in investigating the funding of travel expenses and hotel accommodations of suspected Israeli assassins through U.S. corporations .
The Departments of State , Justice and Homeland Security failed to respond to inquiries from this reporter .
Michael Gillespie lives and works in Iowa , where he writes regularly about peace and social justice activism .
Sveitsiske politikere blokkerer skatteavtale med USA .
Underhuset i det sveitiske parlamentet sa tirsdag nei til en avtale om å utlevere navnene på tusenvis av amerikanere som kan ha lurt unna penger fra beskatning , melder internasjonale nyhetsbyråer .
Avtalen ble inngått i fjor , med politisk innsats på høyeste nivå , og innebærer at den sveitsiske storbanken UBS overleverer 4.450 navn til amerikanske skattemyndigheter .
Fristen er august i år , og dersom navnene ikke kommer på bordet , kan amerikanske myndigheter gjøre alvor av trusler om å forfølge UBS for å ha bistått til skattejuks i USA : Dette kan sette bankens amerikanske virksomhet i fare .
Imidlertid har en sveitsisk domsstol sagt at forliket krever godkjennelse fra parlamentet i landet , hvor diskresjon rundt banknæringen har vært nær hellig .
Overhuset i parlamentet sa ja , men tirsdag ble det klart at underhuset sa nei , med 104 mot 76 stemmer .
Avgjørelsen er likevel ikke endelig .
Det blir nå trolig nye forhandlingsrunder .
Flere partier har sagt at de kan godta avtalen hvis visse betingelser blir innfridd .
Parlamentet er samlet til 18 . juni .
Den sveitsiske bankforeningen beskylder underhuset for å drive et politisk spill .
I kø for å tilst å
Uansett hva som skjer i Sveits , har forliket fra i fjor hatt effekt , for samtidig innførte amerikanske myndigheter et amnesti som ga redusert straff til skattesnytere som selv oppga sine utenlandskontoer .
Nesten 15.000 amerikanere la kortene på bordet før fristen gikk ut i fjor høst , sannsynligvis i stor grad fordi de fleste antok at forliket med UBS ville bli gjennomført .
Avslørt av ansatt
Saken startet fordi en amerikansk ansatte hos UBS , Bradley Birkenfeld , tipset amerikanske myndigheter .
Blant de pikante detaljene som kom frem : Birkenfeld hjalp en styrtrik kunde med å smugle diamanter gjemt i en tannkremtube . ,
Til tross for at Birkenfeld samarbeidet , ble han dømt til fengsel for sin rolle i å hjelpe rike amerikanere med å gjemme penger for skattemyndigehtene .
I just got off a fascinating interview with Dr. Gidon Eshel , a geophysicist who studies the greenhouse gas impact of food .
He 's probably best known for being co-author on a paper about how reducing meat in U.S. diets ( or flat - out going vegetarian ) could make a big improvement on this country 's emissions footprint .
In other words , he 's usually the guy telling you to stop eating beef .
But I wanted to know whether all vegetables were created equal .
If you really care about reducing your carbon footprint , are there veggies or fruits you should be shunning along with the cows ?
The answer , according to Eshel , is emphatically " yes " .
Depending on where you live , eating baby spinach or arugula is almost like eating a burger , in terms of greenhouse gas emissions .
It 's that intense .
Sure , if you live in the Central Valley of California , or in Florida , not so .
But most people live very far from those places .
If you live east of longitude 100 [ Draw a line through the middle of the Dakotas — MKB ] and north of , say , Jesse Helms country , you have no business eating greens at all between October and June .
Again , you know , you 're free to do whatever you want , but if you want to be really careful about your greenhouse gas footprint , this is what you should do .
The reason boils down to the huge amounts of energy needed to run the greenhouses that grow our local baby salad mix in winter , and , to a lesser extent , the fuel burned by trucking in California - grown salad .
Although , Eshel says , you'd be way better off , from an emissions standpoint , buying the California greens than buying local — if buying local means greenhouse - grown .
Want to avoid interrogating your salad supplier all winter ?
Eshel recommends switching to cabbage as a planet - friendly salad base alternative .
Image courtesy Flickr user timlewisnm , via CC
Have I got news for ... former MP Lembit Opik
Lembit Opik with Paul Merton on BBC One 's Have I Got News for
You , the day after he was voted out of his Montgomeryshire seat
He lost his seat in the Commons only a few hours earlier , but it did not take Lembit Opik long to pop up on TV again .
The colourful Liberal Democrat was not , however , debating his party 's prospects of joining a government coalition .
Instead , he was a guest on BBC One 's Have I Got News for You , the day after being ousted by Montgomeryshire voters .
Inevitably , he was the butt of jokes - many of them told by himself , including a plea to speed up filming because he had an appointment at the job centre .
Mr Opik gained a reputation for appearing on such comedy shows during his 13 years as one of the Lib Dems ' best known faces in Parliament .
He also had a number of celebrity partners , including the ITV weather presenter Sian Lloyd , and Gabriela Irimia , one half of the pop twins , the Cheeky Girls .
Can we get on with it ?
I 've actually got an appointment at the job centre in about half an hour
Lembit Opik hams it up
In an e-mail , Ms Irimia expressed her sadness at his defeat and said perhaps Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg could explain why Mr Opik appeared to keep a low profile during the campaign .
" Because of his high media profile , Lembit is a key figure in politics .
I still ca n't understand why the Lib Dems did n't make more use of him , especially with TV appearances , " said Mr Opik 's former fiancée .
Only minutes after he learned a 13 % swing to the Conservatives had cut short his parliamentary career , he had vowed : " In the words of Arnie Schwarzenegger , ' I 'll be back ' . "
' Thirteen years and four days '
And on Friday night , he was - in a TV studio , at least .
He was introduced by Have I Got News for You host Jo Brand as " one of the few politicians who knows what the future holds for him a regular slot bantering with Jeff Stelling in dictionary corner [ on Channel 4 quiz show Countdown ] " .
When discussing whether the political uncertainty will be settled , Mr Opik said : " In some cases [ his own ] it has . "
Another guest , comedian Jon Richardson , told him : " It 's good that you 're not dwelling on it though . "
Mr Opik replied : " I 'm completely over it . "
Team captain Ian Hislop asked him : " After 19 years , is it ? " Mr Opik said : " Thirteen years and four days , roughly .
I 'm not counting but " To which the other team captain Paul Merton pointed out : " Somebody was . " ' A winner '
The laughter flowed , with the 45 - year - old former Welsh Lib Dem leader joking : " Can we get on with it ?
I 've actually got an appointment at the job centre in about half an hour . "
But Merton responded : " They phoned earlier , they cancelled . "
He was told by Hislop that his defeat was the most important event of the election because it was funny .
Mr Opik said : " The great thing about losing my seat is that I can actually take a fee for this now instead of taking this kind of abuse for nothing . "
When his team emerged victorious , Merton asked the now former MP , to audience hilarity : " How 's it feel to be a winner ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
The future of Adobe Flash is very much in doubt thanks to Apple ’s lack of support for the technology in its iOS .
And , of all people , porn purveyors are starting to tilt the balance of new mobile technologies in favor of HTML5 .
Apple ’s decision to block Flash is well documented , and the impact of it is difficult to overstate .
The company has sold more than 50 million iPhones , and it moved two million iPads within 60 days of the gadget ’s launch .
That ’s a massive number of mobile users who ca n’t access the entire web , thanks to a lack of Flash support .
Adobe has yet to come up with a viable alternative to Flash , which could be living on borrowed time .
And with no resolution in sight , the window is wide open for any technology that can deliver a top - notch multimedia experience on Apple gadgets .
Increasingly , it looks like that technology will be HTML5 .
The emergence of it is largely being spurred by the iPad , with its big , high - resolution screen that offers a far more immersive ( read : porn- friendly ) experience than any handset can deliver .
Adult sites , in particular , are moving quickly to re-encode their video content for the new , video - friendly device .
YouPorn.com , for instance , announced a few weeks ago that it ’s targeting iPad users by re-encoding its entire video archive in HTML5 .
Pink Visual has launched a pair of sites ( barely safe for work ) that offer HTML5 video content for both straight and gay consumers , and the gay site RocketTube was iPad -ready before the device even came to market .
Those efforts certainly do n’t sit well with Steve Jobs , who famously said the iPad offers “ freedom from porn . ”
Apple can decide which technologies it chooses to embrace , of course , and it has vigorously scrubbed its App Store clean of any steamy stuff .
But it ca n’t control what kind of content its users access on the web , and there ’s no question that demand for online porn is immense :
The worldwide adult web industry has an estimated value of $ 37.2 billion , and the rise of the iPad will only fuel that fire .
Mobile porn has never found much of a market here in the U.S. , thanks to carrier prohibitions and handsets that make for poor platforms to , um , consume it .
The rise of the iPad will change that , though , providing an easy way to access high - quality adult content online wherever they are .
Yes , it may cause major headaches for porn providers as the public is increasingly exposed to their wares , but it will also usher in HTML5 as a standard for digital media .
HTML is n’t quite ready for prime time yet when it comes to premium licensed content .
Hulu VP Eugene
Wei said last month it lacks maturity in reporting , advertising and content security .
In other words , it ’s too easy to download content directly ( as opposed to streaming for one - time use ) , which makes the technology a dangerous proposition for owners of premium licensed content .
That could lead to vast numbers of users downloading and sharing porn , which would be a PR problem for Apple in light of Jobs ’ claim that the iPad is “ free of porn . ”
But it could also spur sales of the iPad , which is a pretty good silver lining .
And because ad revenues are high and barriers to entry low in porn , providers are surely less concerned about HTML5 ’s content security holes than , say , ESPN is .
Developers eventually will find ways to address the security issues that currently plague HTML5 , which will pave the way for the technology to become the premier platform for online multimedia .
It may not be ready for prime time , but the adult content industry is clearly laying the foundation for a very bright future .
Indeed , other media outlets are already following suit and embracing HTML5 in efforts to deliver video to iPad owners .
The New York Times and Wall Street Journal have capitulated and embraced HTML5 ; even Facebook has fallen in line .
They may not have the influence of the worldwide adult web industry , but their adoption of it indicates that providers of all sorts of content — from porn to network television — should start encoding their wares in HTML5 now .
Question of the week
How much will porn impact the future of HTML5 ?
A short account of the large scale uprising against the Bolsheviks throughout Poltava province in the Ukraine .
Khristovoi , Buhovetsky and the rest .... with a special mention for Sergei Kirichenko
In 1920 throughout Poltava province a general insurrection began against the Reds with the formation of 200 units .
In the north of Gadiach county there were units led by Alexander Koval , Krupsky , Dmitrenko and Buhovetsky .
In Kremenchug county units led by Kikot , Ovdienko , and Prikhodko were set up and in Kobelyatsky county one led by Levchenko .
In Zenkov county operated the units of Maxim Mandyk , Pylyp Masyuta , Stepenko , Latoha , Antonenko , Timoshenko , Turchin , Tyutyunnik and others .
Masyuta had led the resistance to the White forces of Denikin , had become the Red commandant of Zenkov but had defected to the insurgents .
Mandyk had served in the Red militia in Zenkov .
This was indicative of the number of officers as well as rank and file soldiers who deserted to the insurgents .
As was usual the Bolshevik authorities did not recognise an insurgency and referred to these units as bandits .
What were the causes of this uprising which persisted for the next two years up to the end of 1922 ?
Well , Bolshevik documents of the period throw some light on the situation .
The minutes of the meeting of the Bolshevik Revolutionary Committee of Gadyach of December 22 , 1919 show that the Bolsheviks themselves were forced to condemn the actions of the food requisitioner Zamarin and that the population had turned very hostile towards their party .
Another reason was the attempt by the Red Army to conscript local youth and send them to the Polish front , which was fiercely resisted .
Anarchist ideas were popular in the Poltava region , whilst the influence of the Borotbists should not be underestimated .
The Borotbists were named after the paper Borotba ( Struggle ) founded by the Ukrainian Socialist revolutionaries in 1917 .
With the split in the SRs the left captured the paper .
But the Ukrainian Left SRs were not completely like their comrades in Russia .
They were more sympathetic towards the Bolsheviks , but criticised them for their centralising tendencies , themselves advocating an independent Ukrainian socialist republic .
Following the Red abandonment of the Ukraine to Denikin , the Borotbists broke with the Bolsheviks .
An order for the liquidation of the Borotbists was drafted in Moscow at this time , with Trotsky in particular being keen of removing them as a military and political threat .
The Borotbists then merged with the left - wing Ukrainian Social Democrats .
This now became the Ukrainian Communist Party ( Borotbists ) .
In March 1920 the Bolsheviks forced them to merge with their party .
A sizeable minority refused to accept this and walked out .
The insurgent leader Alexander Koval in a letter to the Bolshevik wrote that he thought the combining of forces to drive out the Denikinists would have led to the establishment of a Soviet Ukraine on a federal basis with Soviet Russia .
“ The programme of the Borotbists Party ( Communists ) completely answered my aspirations . ”
He went on to say that the autonomy asked for by the Borotbists was not granted and that they were ordered to merge with the Communist Party .
Koval strongly objected to this .
He had hoped that co-existence with the Bolsheviks was possible but became convinced that the Bolsheviks needed to be fought physically .
Panas Keleberda and Dimitrenko also appear to have been influenced by Borotbism , although it appears from what Savinkov says that they moved towards anarchism .
In Zenkov units armed themselves with rifles and hunting rifles , as well as scythes , pitchforks , sticks and axes and defeated the local requisitioning squad on May 24th .
All those captured were released with the understanding that they would not return to plunder the peasants .
They elected Lev ( Levko ) Ostapovich Khristovoi as their commander .
Khristovoi announced at the gathering that decided this to launch a mobilisation in the area so that the small unit , according to the local Cheka , organised themselves into a “ large organized force . "
Levko Khristovoi .
Levko Khristovoi , unlike many of the insurgent commanders in the region , came from a rich and old Cossack family .
He was born on June 29th 1898 on a farm of seventy acres near Skazhenykovomu .
His father also owned a shop .
He had three other brothers and a sister ( one of these , Vasili , was shot by the Denikinists in 1919 whilst another , Nikolai , died in the Gadiach prison maintained by the Reds ) .
Soviet agents described him as of average height , clean shaven and good looking , with brown hair and as energetic , stubborn , brave and clever .
He had served in the World War in the cavalry , briefly in the army of the Ukrainian National Republic , had organised local Red Guards as a squadron commander and subsequently was chair of the Zenkov Cheka .
He had joined the Nabat Confederation of Anarchists in January 1919 , which had begun to organise in the area from autumn of the previous year .
Khristovoi deserted from the Reds in May 1919 hiding in the Liutenka woods with dozens of deserters and peasants .
In September - October 1919 Khristovoi ’s detachment fought the Denikinists alongside the unit of Masyuta .
In mid-October his unit affiliated to the Makhnovists and had a force of 1500 combatants , 10 machineguns and 1 cannon .
Makhno hoped that these forces would expand into the Poltava Makhnovist corps with up to 10,000 insurgents .
According to Savinkov the local insurgent leaders began to set up a coordinating structure , the Federation of Anarchist Insurgents .
It was supported by Koval , Piotr Shuba , Bibik , Ogarkov , Diabol , Honta , Khristovoi , Buhovetsky and Panas Keleberda .
These detachments announced their support for the Makhnovists .
In December Khristovoi ’s detachment contributed towards the defeat of the Whites in Poltava .
Two weeks after the collapse of the Whites thanks to joint action by the Makhnovist and other insurgent units the Reds arrived and the Cheka began to arrest insurgents .
As a result in January 1920 Khristovoi had to hide in the woods again in the Zenkov and Gadiach areas .
On February 16th he launched a new uprising in the Gadiach area .
In Gadiach itself the Red Army garrison revolted .
An army was created led by Koval and Buhovetsky .
Fedor Buhovetsky ( or Butovetsky ) appears to have been a member of the Polish minority in the Ukraine .
He was born in Grodno ( now in Belarus ) and subsequently was a worker ( or teacher according to Savinkov ) in Mirgorod .
An anarchist communist , he was one of the first to join the Nabat Confederation of Anarchists and in January 1919 was secretary of its Mirgorod branch .
In summer of the same year he joined the Makhnovists .
On the 1st October 1919 he served on the GHQ of the Makhnovists and was appointed Makhnovist commissar in Poltava province .
Savinkov says that in spring 1920 Buhovetsky controlled a large area between the Psel and Sula rivers which was known as a “ zone of freedom ” or “ Sich ” .
In summer 1920 he established contact with Khristovoi .
In September the detachment had 125 combatants .
In early October the units led by Krupsky and Koroli united with it .
In November the detachment led by Kucera which operated in Lebedinsky county united its forces with those of Buhovetsky .
In October - December 1920 he took part in the guerrilla struggle against the Whites in Mirgorod .
With the arrival of the Red Army in January 1920 he was declared an outlaw .
He hid in a cellar and began to organise underground insurgent units in Mirgorod .
He united his units with Khristovoi in August 1920 ( 300 infantry , 300 cavalry and artillery ) .
In autumn of the same year his units fought the White forces of Wrangel .
Meanwhile The Liutenka detachment led by Khristovoi gathered together 500 combatants in June and July and subsequently was to affiliate to the Makhnovist movement .
It sought to combat all the apparatus of repression against the peasants that the Bolsheviks had launched : the food requisition squads , the so called Unions of Poor Peasants , and the “ Revolutionary Committees ” .
On July 26th local Bolshevik officials in Gadiach alerted the Poltava executive committee that bands were rising everywhere , some numbering as many as 3,000 .
That month Buhovetsky , Koval and Khristovoi captured the town , defeated the Red garrison and held it for three days .
During this period they declared for free soviets and for support of the Makhnovists , trying to call a peasant congress ( uezd ) .
However they were only able to arrest local Bolsheviks and after two days and the announcement about the free system they were forced to quit Gadyach .
On August 7th 1920 Khristovoi and Koval captured the whole of Gadyach county gathering together 1500 insurgents .
Between August 12 - 16th a large detachment under the command of Nestor Makhno moved into the counties of Gadiach , Zenkov and Mirgorod .
The Makhnovist operation in Poltava was to have major consequences as it invigorated the local insurgent units .
The Makhnovists had met up with the units of Zhivoder ( see libcom biography ) and Andrei Levchenko .
Zenkov town was captured at lunch time on August 9th .
The local Red battalion was captured and disarmed .
The Bolshevik apparatchiks fled in a panic , with the members of their revolutionary tribunal which was in session leaving their documents and clothing behind .
Prisoners were freed from the three story prison which was burnt down and 22 million roubles were taken from the county treasury .
The Bolshevik food stores were opened and distributed amongst the local population .
No pogroms and looting took place .
One Makhnovist was shot in the town centre for molestation of Jewish women .
A meeting with Khristovoi and Fedor Buhovetsky and other leaders of local detachments took place .
Khristovoi was given a mandate to form a special unit of the Insurgent Makhnovists , signed by Makhno , the Chief of Staff Petrenko and the head of the Operations Division , Marchenko .
He was given the instructions that a horse could be taken from local peasants only if the household has at least four working horses , and replaced where possible .
By now Khristovoi and Buhovetsky had units of 3,000 partisans and possessed 20 machine guns and two cannons .
Makhno and the Nabat anarchists had already conceived of a project to create a free area in Poltava province which would conduct the ‘ “ world ’s first experiment in building an anarchist society ” ’ ( Savinkov ) .
This was never accomplished as vast numbers of Red Army detachments began to surround the area .
Before they moved on , the Makhnovists supplied the local insurgents with several hundred rifles captured from the Reds , ammunition , money and 14 of its own combatants to provide them with a skilled advisory force .
They left a small number of units in the area numbering between 50 - 60 , which had the task of uniting with local insurgent leaders , to promote the ideas of anarchist communism and the Third ( social ) revolution .
100 cavalry from the units led by Kotsur were left in the Mirgorod region .
In Kremenchug county Makhno re-established contact with Zhivoder and with the units of the Don Cossack Dimitri Molchanov , as well as with units led by Petrenko and Keleberda .
They received military assistance from the Makhnovists .
In Kobelyatsky county the local groups were greatly influenced by anarchist communism .
The largest units were led by Roman Matias with 700 combatants and Levchenko with 500 combatants .
However they could not agree on joint action and at a meeting in Kitaygorod Zhivoder was appointed commander in the area .
Levchenko refused this order because he did not want his units to leave the local area .
Under sentence of death he and his unit fled towards the Dnieper .
Zhivoder was to die later in fighting with the Reds .
Another commander in the Poltava region was Ivan Bloch , who in 1920 - 1921 organised a Makhnovist detachment .
In spring and summer 1921 his unit and that of Kamenyuk operated jointly in Poltava .
On the 18th June of that year his detachment was annihilated by the Red Army , although other accounts say that he was executed by the Chekist Medvedev on June 25th at Baranovka in the Lugansk region .
After the main Makhnovist forces left the area on the 16th August 1920 the Bolsheviks sent in huge numbers of troops against Zenkov and Liutenka .
Zenkov was only held by Khristovoi and Buhovetsky for twenty four hours before they were forced to retreat into the woods .
In Liutenka the Red Army forces entered the town and began executions .
Petrol was poured over buildings and many set alight .
Those shot included women and the elderly .
Some , it appears , were thrown into the flames alive .
Ten days later the Bolshevik squads returned , carrying out more executions and burning of buildings .
The Bolshevik central government was alerted to the danger and Lenin ordered the complete burning of the town and the eviction of the population to eastern areas of the country .
Eight hundred family farms were burnt on August 19th .
Local people who were terrified by this sent a delegation to Kharkov demanding pardon from a Bolshevik supremo in the Ukraine , Petrovsky .
This was granted .
Meanwhile Khristovoi divided his large forces into mobile units on horses and carts which made sudden attacks against the Bolsheviks .
Unit commanders included the teacher L. Stepovoi and Lisovsky .
They had notable successes against the Bolsheviks .
But in early September during a raid near the village of Ostapovka the main body of Khristovoi , together with a detachment led by Dmitrenko were ambushed and suffered heavy losses and were forced to retreat towards Liutenka .
This differs from the account given by Savinkov where he states that the units of Koval and Khristovoi with 500 cavalry joined the main Makhnovist forces at Izium to combat the White forces of Wrangel and that together with Makhno they entered into alliance with the Reds .
Savinkov goes on to say that from mid-October to mid- November 1920 , the Khristovoi - Koval detachment fought as part of the Makhnovist forces against Wrangel in southern Ukraine .
He asserts that Khristovoi returned to Poltava province in mid-November whilst Koval with 100 cavalry took parts in raids with Makhno throughout the Ukraine into summer 1921 .
He then goes on to say that Koval returned to the “ Sich ” to fight against bandit units which were plundering the local peasants and that he was killed in a fight with them .
After his death a new insurgent leader oriented towards the Makhnovists emerged .
This was Ivan Krupsky , ( 1 ) son of a narodnik and a former “ free Cossack ” .
According to Savinkov , Buhovetsky carried on a guerrilla struggle until March 1921 in the forests near Nadrigailov .
Other accounts assert that after the defeat at Ostapovka Khristovoi dismissed half of his decimated unit , paring it down to 300 combatants .
There was the old problem of lack of ammunition among the insurgents , with each being rationed to a dozen rounds , as well as lack of food .
The Red forces were increased by the day , with garrisons being set up in the towns and villages of the area and the establishment of a special mobile unit .
In mid-November , after unsuccessful negotiations for the surrender of the Khristovoi detachment they were surrounded in the meadows near the village of Lyutenskie Mills .
The operation was personally directed by Voronin , head of the Red Army in the province .
Many insurgents threw themselves onto the thin ice of the Psel river and drowned .
Pylyp Masyuta , Chief of Staff of the insurgents was one of those who died .
Only the heroic actions of one of the Makhnovists who had been placed with Khristovoi ’s unit , Sergei Kirichenko , enabled Khristovoi and the remainder of the unit to cross the river and escape .
He operated a Maxim gun keeping back the Red forces right up to his last bullet .
He was then fished out of the icy water and captured by the Reds .
He was shot later “ whilst trying to escape ” .
After this battle there were only 50 combatants left in the unit .
Khristovoi continued the guerrilla struggle making unexpected attacks against the Soviet authorities and then disappearing into the forest .
In response to these actions the Bolsheviks launched a red terror , shooting 10 hostages in the Liutenka area .
Despite his , the Bolsheviks were unable to collect the surplus in the area for a year .
Savinkov says that Khristovoi was able to build up his forces again in December 1920 and renewed the struggle against the Bolsheviks .
He says that in January with the entry of the main Makhnovist forces into Poltava province they attempted to meet up with the local insurgents .
The Makhnovists met the Khristovoi detachment on January 15th at the village of Borka .
The Khristovoi forces only united with those of Makhno for a few days .
Makhno wanted to break through into southern Russia to join up with Kolesnikov and Antonov whist Khristovoi wanted to protect the local area from the Cheka and the food requisition squads .
The same happened at Nadrigailov when Buhovetsky rejected the offer to join the raid into southern Russia .
The Makhnovists attempted to meet up with the forces of Khristovoi and Buhovetsky again in June 1921 when they again came through Poltava province .
But the latter ’s units were already decimated and dispersed .
In this month Khristovoi ’s forces united with the unit led by Antonenko .
Only on July 15th 1921 did a Bolshevik secret agent manage to locate the hiding place of Khristovoi and his unit .
At Zagrunovka in Zinkovsky county the insurgents were wiped out .
He was only 23 years old at his death .
Savinkov differs from these accounts , saying that Khristovoi and Ivan Krupsky only demobilised their units in autumn 1921 with the NEP reforms , the amnesty , and the crossing over into Romania of Makhno .
He gives the much later date of the beginning of March 1922 , saying that Khristovoi , his wife and another insurgent were located by a mobile unit and died during a firefight ) .
However , legends continued to circulate that he had survived , with sightings of him in his native village , the Donets basin and east of the Urals even into the 1960s !
A Red Terror and forced collectivisation was launched in the region by the Soviet authorities .
The first Communist cell at Liutenka was established at the beginning of 1921 but there were only 8 members of the Communist youth in the region in January 1925 .
Because of its insurgency Liutenka was entered on the black list of villages and small country towns by the Soviet authorities .
Repressive measures continued in the next few decades against its inhabitants and it had a high rate of mortality during the great famine engineered by the Soviets .
( 1) Krupsky joined the Red Army at 17 and joined the Makhnovists at the age of 19 .
In autumn 1921 he disbanded his unit and then went illegally to Moscow , on to Kharkov , and then finally settled in Gadyach .
However , he was soon identified and arrested .
He managed to escape .
Under false documents he moved to Poltava and worked as a Soviet policeman !
He was again identified and arrested in April 1923 .
After his arrest he served ten years in prison , some of them in the far east of the Soviet Union .
After his release he worked as a building worker and factory worker .
He had five children .
His great grandson , Nikolai Ridny , an Ukrainian filmmaker , has made a film based on Krupsky 's life called Gray Horses .
Nick Heath
Sources
http://www.inosmi.ru/translation/242824.html
( online article by the journalist Ivan Chaika )
http://poltava-repres.narod.ru/povstan/nestor.htm
( V.Y. Revehuk .
Insurgency in the Poltava region : Nestor Makhno in Poltava )
http://poltava-repres.narod.ru/povstan/levko.htm
V. Y. Revehuk .
Ataman Levko Khristovoi
Savinkov , V. Ataman Lev Khristovoi in Atamans of Cossack Troops ( 2006 )
Many thanks to Malcolm Archibald for supplying the Savinkov biography of Khristovoi ( Savinkov would appears to have access to sources not available to others but fails to reference them )
Note : the sources are often contradictory , giving different dates and different chains of events .
I have attempted to make sense of this confusion .
With their latest store opening in Zurich , Switzerland Tesla has been making significant inroads into Europe with showrooms and service centres in Monaco , Munich , London , Switzerland and plans for a Milan store just around the corner .
Interestingly Tesla ’s largest market per capita for the Roadster is Switzerland with 50 + of the all electric sports cars currently zipping around the country .
Singapore is said to be Tesla ’s next foray and it will also be the first Asian showroom with plans for Beijing , Shanghai , Tokyo and Hong Kong doubtless not too far behind .
Tesla currently has 11 showrooms worldwide ;
Menlo Park , California
West Los Angeles , California
Seattle , Washington
Dania Beach , Florida
Chicago , Illinois
New York City , New York
Newport Beach , California
London , UK
Munich , Germany
Monaco , Monte Carlo
Zurich , Switzerland
-
With 4 more on the way ;
-
Washington DC Toronto , Ontario , Canada Milan , Italy Singapore , Singapore -
It appears that Tesla is establishing a dealer network for the soon to be released Tesla Model S and the as yet unnamed model that will be released in 2012 which will have a notably lower price , leading Tesla to anticipate much higher sales volumes .
-
Tesla recently announced a partnership with Toyota and last year sealed a partnership deal with Daimler AG , both strategic moves to ensure its future in the electric car business once the big boys jump into the electric car market .
Tesla will be launching their IPO on June 29th this year ( NASDAQ : TSLA ) with an initial share price of 14 - 16 USD in an effort to raise $ 178 million .
Group
A is wide open following the first round of matches , after a draw in both games .
The earlier game was open and exciting throughout – this one started well but faded badly as the game went on .
Uruguay ’s expected 3 - 5 - 2 became a 3 - 4 - 1 - 2 with Ignazio Gonzalez pushing forward to play just behind Diego Forlan and Luis Suarez .
Mauricio Victorino came in on the right side of defence , and Egidio Arevalo took the midfield role requiring the most positional discipline .
France ’s shape saw one change from the outfield side which started all three pre-tournament games , with Abou Diaby coming in ahead of Florent Malouda , quite possibly after reports of a Malouda - Domenech bust - up yesterday .
Basic pattern of play favours France
Uruguay ’s use of a three - man defence against a side playing a lone striker and two advanced wingers caused them problems early on .
Franck Ribery created a great chance for Sidney Govou early on after skinning Victorino , who had come wide to meet him , before sliding the ball across the six yard box .
Uruguay ’s wing - backs started high up the pitch and looked to get forward , but this scare meant Maxi Pereira played a lot deeper , getting goalside of Ribery and effectively meaning Uruguay were doubling up on the wide players when they got the ball , with both the wing - back and outside centre - back .
In this sense Uruguay were fielding something approaching a back five , with two defensive - minded midfielders ahead .
To add to this , they held a very deep defensive line and made it difficult for France to play any balls in behind the defence .
The two deeper French midfielders had time and space on the ball , and Diaby was probably France ’s best player .
The problem was that the attacking players were crowded out , with Uruguay often outnumbering France 7 v 4 in the final third .
Uruguay ’s forwards struggle
Gonzalez pushing so high up the pitch meant that Diego Forlan and Luis Suarez were forced to drift wider than you would expect for a front two , particularly when Uruguay did n’t have the ball .
Although they did n’t track the full - backs , they did move into a zone that made it difficult for Patrice Evra and Bacary Sagna to get forward early on .
The downside of this was that Gonzalez moved into a more defensive position when not in possession , and so whenever the ball was played to Forlan or Suarez , they were isolated – being nowhere near each other , and with the wing - backs being pushed back by France ’s wingers , lacking an out - ball on the flanks .
There were similar problems upfront from France ’s point of view .
Nicolas Anelka was completely anonymous in his lone striker role , barely having an impact either in terms of shooting or link - up play .
Although he had an extremely difficult job , being up against three central defenders on his own , he did n’t help the problem by keeping the ball for too long and trying to beat his markers – something which never looked like happening with Uruguay having two spare men .
Midfield congestion
The two midfielders naturally cancelled each other out .
Jeremy Toulalan plays a deep role , and ran into Gonzalez , whilst a similar thing happened with Arevalo and Gourcuff from the opposite point of view .
Diaby and Diego Perez play between the creator and the destroyer , Diaby to the left , Perez to the right .
Every midfielder had an opponent in their face straight away , with the exception of when Diaby received the ball in a deep area , which Uruguay were fairly comfortable with .
Uruguay looked blunt when attacking because of the lack of width from the wing - backs .
Both Pereiras are at their best when motoring forward , but neither were able to .
Gonzalez did nothing , Suarez received little service , Forlan ’s first touch was excellent , but his final ball was poor .
Defending Domenech
Every time France do n’t win , Domenech will be criticized , but tonight the theory behind his tactics was correct .
He did n’t play a second striker and go 4 - 4 - 2 because that would have played into Uruguay ’s hands – the South Americans still would have had a spare man at the back , and would then have had a 3 v 2 numerical advantage in midfield .
Domenech ’s tactic of pushing the Uruguay ’s wing - backs back worked reasonably well as it meant France dominated the game – having 18 shots to 6 .
Domenech also clearly instructed his full - backs to be more attacking after half - time , and Evra and Sagna ’s influence on the game increased in the second half .
The main problem for France was that the attacking players were playing awfully – that ’s not Domenech ’s fault , at least in terms of tactics .
When Ribery got space , he sent dreadful crosses in .
Gourcuff ’s first touch deserted him and used the ball poorly , even when he had options .
Govou did little on the ball , but his movement into a more central position helped Sagna get forward into a crossing position .
It is Uruguay who should receive the criticism – rarely getting more than three players forward into attack and showing no ambition throughout the game .
France were playing full - backs , Uruguay were playing wing - backs – and yet it was the French pair who got forward more .
Substitutions
Nicolas Lodeiro and Sebastien Abreu were sent on to try and change thing upfront for Uruguay , but unless the system changed , the forwards were unlikely to have much of an impact .
Domenech stuck by his system and was entirely justified in taking off Anelka and Gourcuff who both lost the ball far too often , and the replacements of Thierry Henry and Florent Malouda made sense .
The dismissal of Lodeiro changed the game little – it meant Toulalan had more time on the ball , but he ’s hardly the player to use that freedom to create chances .
Conclusion
Frankly , it was a poor game and both sides showed little creativity .
Uruguay can be made to look very average by occupying their wing - backs with advanced wingers .
Their shape gives the opposition full - backs time on the ball , and they need to get forward to draw Uruguay ’s seven defensive players out of their deep positions .
Suarez and Forlan seem to be expected to fend for themselves if the wing - backs do n’t get forward , but they play too far from each other for this to happen .
France are probably not as bad as this game made them out to be .
They ’ll probably be more suited to facing Mexico in their next game , as Mexico play a much higher defensive line and are prepared to throw their wing - backs forward into attack .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
At the beginning of the year , the chances that some sort of cybersecurity legislation would reach the president 's desk by the end of 2010 were remote .
But as of today , there are a half dozen such bills circulating , and the sense of urgency is there , thanks to a huge and largely unremarked upon public lobbying campaign by the defense industry that may or may not comport with the actual level of threat .
I do n't mean that as a snide aside ; I just do n't know how vulnerable we are at this moment .
Today , the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee unveils its legislation , which would create a Senate - confirmable cyber director in the executive office of the president and imbue him or her with significant emergency powers .
The Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act of 2010 ( PC - NNA ... PC Nana ? ) is " designed to bring together the disjointed efforts of multiple federal agencies and departments to prevent cyber theft , intrusions , and attacks across the federal government and the private sector , " its chief author , Sen .
Joe Lieberman , will say in prepared remarks today .
" The bill would establish a clear organizational structure to lead federal efforts in safeguarding cyber networks .
And it would build a public / private partnership to increase the preparedness and resiliency of those private critical infrastructure cyber networks upon which our way of life depends . "
According to a summary of the legislation , the Act would also create a " responsible " framework for giving the executive branch significant emergency power in the event of a major intrusion or threat .
The President must notify Congress in advance about the threat and the emergency measures that will be taken to mitigate it .
Any emergency measures imposed must be the least disruptive necessary to respond to the threat .
These emergency measures will expire after 30 days unless the President orders an extension .
The bill does not authorize any new surveillance authorities , or permit the government to " take over " private networks .
Industry will read this part of the bill very carefully , as will civil libertarians .
The White House believes it already has a lot of these powers , although it welcomes Congress 's attempt to codify them , but my sense is that the National Security Staff does not want to create any new cyber infrastructure within the already over - burdened executive office of the president , and is n't keen on having the top two cyber positions be Senate confirmable .
The bill would create another Senate - confirmable position , the head of a new National Cybersecurity and Communications Center inside the Department of Homeland Security ; the new NCCC would be responsible for threat prevention and mitigation .
It would develop risk - based standards for infrastructure with industry and oversee their implementation .
Private entities whose power plants or grids or systems are considered vulnerable and critical could choose among a menu of standards .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
SACRAMENTO —
A new report on who supplies — and who spends — California ’s public dollars shows an interesting disparity between the givers and the takers :
Counties that provide most of the state ’s revenue streams like income and sales taxes reliably elect Democrats , who traditionally want to take more of your money .
And counties whose Republican representatives argue most vociferously for social services cuts draw , per capita , the most state aid .
The breakdown , prepared by the Legislative Analyst ’s Office for the office of Assemblywoman Noreen Evans , D - Santa Rosa , puts another spin on what ’s emerged as the central issue in this year ’s fight over a $ 19 billion deficit .
It also adds new color to the prevailing portrait of poverty for many Californians — it ’s not fundamentally an urban problem .
Instead , experts say , rural residents would be most affected by the drastic cuts being considered to health and human services programs .
The report shows the Bay Area ’s blue counties are , in many ways , a revenue lifeline for the rural Republican red .
“ Is there a disconnect here between political sentiments in rural areas and the demand or desire or need for public expenditures ?
I think there is , ” said Al Sokolow , a retired professor at UC Davis .
“ Leaders in these rural areas , while wanting more from the state , are also less reluctant to give in on the tax front . ”
According to the snapshot provided by Evans ’ office — which compares per capita income taxes and sales taxes with spending on programs like in - home care for seniors , parole services , welfare , MediCal and others — seven of the top 10 contributors of tax revenue to Sacramento are Bay Area counties — all of which lean heavily Democratic .
Marin County is No. 1 , measured per capita , and Santa Clara County is fourth .
In contrast , the counties receiving the most cash from the state are those in California ’s impoverished north , like Del Norte and Yuba counties , and especially in the agrarian Central Valley , including Tulare County — the top recipient of state help — but also Kern and Kings counties .
Many have more registered Republicans , or only slightly more Democratic voters than Republicans .
In San Mateo County , for example , Medi-Cal spending in 2007 - 08 was $ 257 per resident .
In Lake County , the state spent $ 703 .
But per capita income tax and sales tax revenue in Lake County was only $ 879 , while in San Mateo it was $ 4,232 .
State - funded home care spending in Imperial County was $ 68 per capita but only $ 26 in Contra Costa County .
In some ways , that divide is intuitive , budget experts and economists say .
California ’s coastal counties are home to its biggest cities and most prestigious universities .
They also are magnets for wealthy residents and industries that define California nationally : entertainment , technology and tourism .
But in inland counties , which are sprawling and sparsely populated , there are fewer opportunities for high - paying work .
Agriculture is a key industry , but it relies heavily on seasonal and migrant workers .
Additionally , Central Valley counties like Stockton and Merced — which hosted an influx of middle - class residents amid the housing boom — have been devastated by the housing bust .
While budget cuts would affect all Californians , experts say the fallout is compounded in rural districts .
Rural residents already struggle with a shortage of doctors who accept MediCal clients .
Cuts to in - home care for seniors might force many into nursing homes in bigger cities .
And sheriff ’s departments , patrolling massive counties , already lack staffing to personally handle every call .
But because some rural counties tend to lean libertarian , or because many of those affected ca n’t afford the time or money to engage in the political process , that reality is n’t always apparent .
“ People do n’t understand how much they get for the money they pay .
It starts with making communities more aware , ” said Connie Stewart , a former mayor of Arcata and the executive director of Humboldt State ’s California Center for Rural Policy .
To be sure , other measurements may show a less extreme imbalance .
Examining the figures on a per-capita basis does n’t take into account the sheer volume of social services clients in places like Los Angeles County .
It also does n’t account for uneven income distribution — poorer pockets like Oakland and parts of Los Angeles nestled into richer communities .
And , moreover , because the breakdown uses tax revenue totals from 2006 and spending from the 2007 - 08 fiscal year , the numbers may also have shifted .
But anti-tax advocates say that ’s not the point .
Even if lawmakers from wealthy districts — and some of their constituents — support tax increases , that does n’t mean they ’re the right medicine .
“ If you want to raise taxes to create jobs , ” said Jon Coupal , president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association , “ that strikes us as flawed logic , to say the least . ”
But for Evans , whose office commissioned the data , it was a matter of reframing the budget debate to show what anti-tax rhetoric might really mean .
Instead of asking how California spends its money , why not ask “ where , ” she said .
“ It tells an important story , ” she said , “ and it really does start to change your outlook . ”
Contact Denis C. Theriault at 916-441-4651 .
Two years ago , I posted some nice photos taken at the right angle , this is the second part ( got some of them in my inbox ) .
Hope you like them and have a great weekend , everyone !
PS : If there are copyrighted images , please let me know and I ’ll remove them right away .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the bailed - out mortgage giants , are expected to remove their shares from the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) , a government regulator said Wednesday .
The two companies would need to take steps to shore up their share prices to meet stock exchange rules .
The Federal Housing Finance Agency ( FHFA ) directed the companies to delist their shares .
" The determination to direct delisting is related to stock exchange requirements for maintaing price levels and curing deficiencies , " said FHFA acting Director Edward DeMarco .
ADVERTISEMENT
Shares in each of the two companies have hovered around $ 1 , the minimum average closing price on the NYSE .
Stock will continue to trade , the agency said in a statement , but through a different mechanism .
The two companies received massive taxpayer - funded bailouts in 2008 and continue to rely on heavy government assistance .
Anger and confusion remains high over these private " back door " meetings that the Federal Communications Commission has been holding with various " stakeholders " regarding its proposed open Internet rules .
Reform groups are still up in arms over the Tuesday gatherings , which appear to have focused on a legislative solution to the problem .
Congress , it should be noted , is exploring rewriting the Communications
Act in response to the current FCC logjam on the issue .
The Washington Post reports that these conferences have n't made much progress ; nonetheless , the reform group Free Press has published an ad in that newspaper protesting the sessions .
" FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski's top deputies are meeting behind closed doors with industry lobbyists to cut a deal that would effectively hand over control of the Internet to Verizon , Comcast and AT&T , " the statement warns .
" President Obama , you promised to take a ' back seat to no one ' in protecting Net Neutrality and free speech online .
Do n't let our Internet go the way of Wall Street and the Gulf of Mexico . "
We discussed details
We wish folks would keep the catastrophe in the Gulf out of this .
In any event , FCC Chief of Staff Edward Lazarus , who we are told summoned various key players to these conferences , has published a list of the attendants .
They included Verizon Vice President Thomas J. Tauke , AT&T Vice President James W. Cicconi , President of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association Kyle E. McSlarrow , Google 's Alan Davidson , and Skype 's Christopher Libertelli .
All are key corporate lobbyists .
These gents met with Lazarus and two other FCC policy people : Paul de Sa and Zachary Katz .
The disclosure of these participants comes via a " Notice of Stakeholder Meetings " letter sent to the agency by Markham Erickson , head of the pro-net neutrality Open Internet Coalition ( we 're presuming he also attended ) .
" We discussed details relating to prospective legislation relating to open Internet principles , " Erickson 's letter concludes .
In a blog post published later on Tuesday , Lazarus noted the gathering .
" Some stakeholders have shared their ideas with staff at the Commission , including ideas for legislative options , " he wrote .
" To the extent stakeholders discuss proposals with Commission staff regarding other approaches outside of the open proceedings at the Commission , the agency 's ex parte disclosure requirements are not applicable . "
" But to promote transparency and keep the public informed , " Lazarus added , " we will post notices of these meetings here at blog.broadband.gov . "
One party
So , you ask , what are the FCC's " ex parte disclosure " requirements ?
And what the heck does ex parte mean , anyway ?
Here you go :
Ex parte is Latin for " by " or " from " " one party " or " one side . "
It usually refers to a single party in a legal case appearing before a judge or administrator .
Such meetings ought to be publicly disclosed , most fair minded legal and government folk agree , so that the other interested entities know that they took place .
The Administrative Procedures
Act applies the principle to the federal government , defining an ex parte as " an oral or written communication not on the public record with respect to which reasonable prior notice to all parties is not given . "
The FCC 's own rules expand on this , defining the concept as such :
[ a ] ny presentation which : ( 1 ) If written , is not served on the parties to the proceeding ; or ( 2 ) If oral , is made without advance notice to the parties and without opportunity for them to be present , with ' presentation ' defined as ' [ a ] communication directed to the merits or outcome of a proceeding , including any attachments to a written communication or documents shown in connection with an oral presentation directed to the merits or outcome of a proceeding . '
The FCC says that written ex parte expressions usually include " data , memoranda making legal arguments , materials shown to or given to Commission staff during ex parte meetings , and e-mail communications to Commission staff directed to the merits or outcome of a proceeding . "
Their oral equivalents include " meetings or telephone or relay calls with Commission staff where parties present information or arguments directed to the outcome of a proceeding . "
The essence of transparency
And so the Commission may be technically correct when it says that the gathering mentioned , focusing on legislative solutions to the net neutrality question , was not an ex parte presentation , since it was not " directed to the merits or outcome of a proceeding . "
But this is very narrow interpretation .
We think that unless Lazarus can assure the public that under no circumstances did or will these meetings discuss issues related to the two proceedings that the FCC is now running on its proposed open Internet rules , the substance of these conferences ought to be summarized and publicly filed in those dockets .
The disclosure of these talks should not be interpreted or presented simply as a unneeded courtesy to the public .
Ironically , the Commission is currently running a rulemaking cycle on how to make its ex parte system more transparent .
The agency is proposing that every oral ex parte presentation must be summarized .
The government 's current rules say this only has to happen the first time an interested party offers the FCC information or arguments .
" It is essential that industry and public stakeholders know the facts and arguments presented to us in order to express informed views , " FCC Chair Julius Genachowski proclaimed when these new rules were proposed back in February .
" When all written ex parte materials and summaries of all oral ex parte communications are substantive , complete , filed quickly in the record , and immediately available online , special interests are revealed and no party has unfair access to inside information .
This is the essence of transparency , and I look forward to implementing the rule changes that will help bring it about . "
Goodness — what fine words .
We can't wait for these reforms to be enacted .
Occasionally , like Alexander the Great , adventurous souls living today 's degenerate modern life weep because there are no more worlds to conquer .
Everest has been climbed , then parachuted ; the English Channel has not just been swum , but crossed by flying jetpack also ; hardy golfers have played " the most remote and climatically extreme golf courses in the world ... not using any caddy or cart " .
Not only the great challenges offered to mankind by our home planet , but also the rather less impressive ones have been achieved .
To be the first to accomplish any feat of significance , nowadays , would seem impossible .
Forget about the Vikings , this is the true face of Scandinavian adventure .
But , in fact , this is not the case .
All one needs to do is lower one 's sights a little .
Plucky Finnish excavator repairman and salesman Jukka Mutanen has done so , and is even now engaged in one of the great quests of our time : that is , to be the first man to drive most of the length of Finland mounted on a small one - man imported Chinese digger .
Mutanen , who prefers to be known to his friends as " Excavatorjack " , set out on his great endeavour last week from the southern Finnish town of Hanko .
Travelling at an average speed of around two and half miles per hour ( his machine is capable of 2.8 going flat out ) , he expects to reach the remote north - Finnish finish line for the midsummer holiday celebrations on 24 June .
John Lennon ‘s albums have been digitally remastered and are set to be released to celebrate the iconic singer ’s 70th birthday .
The reissues include eight of Lennon ’s solo records , plus a greatest hits collection and a four - disc anthology titled Gimme Some Truth .
The reissues and compilations , each digitally remastered from the original mixes , will hit stores on October 5th ( four days before Lennon ’s 70th birthday ) and will also be available for download through all major digital retailers .
In addition to the reissue of the eight albums — John Lennon / Plastic Ono Band , Imagine , Some Time In New York City , Mind Games , Walls and Bridges , Rock ‘ n ’ Roll , Double Fantasy Stripped Down / Double Fantasy and the posthumous release Milk and Honey — an 11 - disc collection called John Lennon Signature
Box will feature all of the solo albums plus an EP of Lennon ’s non-album singles and a bonus disc of rare and previously unreleased recordings .
The set will come with a collectible limited edition art print and a hardbound book with rare photos , poetry , artwork and new liner notes , which were written by Rolling Stone contributing editor Anthony DeCurtis .
Like the recent Beatles ’ reissues , each album will be housed in a digi- sleeve that mirrors its original packaging .
Ono is also planning commemorative events to coincide with Lennon ’s 70th birthday ; details will be announced soon at John Lennon ’s official website .
Yoko Ono said of the project , “ By remastering 121 tracks spanning his solo career , I hope also that those who are already familiar with John ’s work will find renewed inspiration from his incredible gifts as a songwriter , musician and vocalist and from his power as a commentator on the human condition . ”
Lennon would have turned 70 on October 9 .
He was shot dead in New York in December 1980 .
Jason Price founded the mighty Icon Vs. Icon more than a decade ago .
Along the way , he ’s assembled an amazing group of like - minded individuals to spread the word on some of the most unique people and projects on the pop culture landscape .
Article content continued
” entered the home , which is now tilted at a precarious angle .
Rescuers have been calling the father ’s cellphone ; last night , they heard it ringing
inside the home , which now looks like this :
The house once looked like this :
Rescuers were first alerted to the disaster by a man who drove his truck into the sinkhole .
He called for help on his cellphone and managed to walk away from the scene .
He is being treated in hospital for non-life - threatening injuries .
It took André Cartier more than an hour to pull himself out of his red pickup truck and climb up the edges of the enormous crater the landslide left in its wake .
From the Montreal Gazette
:
“ Bleeding from his head , face and legs , it had taken Cartier almost an hour to get out of his vehicle and drag himself out of the crater – estimated at 40 metres deep , 400 metres long and 600 metres wide – and make his way to Lanoie ’s house .
When Lanoie and his wife , Louise Leblanc , opened their door and saw Cartier standing there , they could n’t imagine what had happened .
Cartier , who is in his 60s , turned and pointed north on Rang Salvail .
His first words were n’t about his injuries ; they were a warning to others : ‘ No one should go there !
The road has disappeared !
And a house has disappeared into it ! ' ”
Officials say the damage is the result of a landslide , not a sinkhole and point out there is a difference between the two .
Didier Terret , research scientist for the Geological Survey of Canada , said a landslide of this magnitude happens approximately one to two times per year in the St. Lawrence Valley , but normally in areas that have no infrastructure ( smaller ones are more frequent and most of the time do not garner much attention ) .
Quebec ranks third in the world in terms of landslide - susceptible regions , according to Michel C. Doré , a spokesman .
for Quebec ’s civil security agency .
Back in 1971 , another major landslide destroyed part of Saint - Jean - Vianney
, Que. , that
.
More than three dozen homes were engulfed in the slide ; 40 people died .
According to
Joseba Etxeberria held his testimonial match recently .
Rather than bring in some rival club and bask in the adulation , Extebe and Atletic Bilbao brought in 200 young kids .
The result is a bit like a Charlie Kaufman film .
Advertisement
[ youtube ] ]
* This post contains Amazon affiliate links . *
A lot of folks have asked me for this recipe .
It ’s one of The Angry Chef ’s signature dishes , and I was lucky to pry it away from him .
This recipe is a dream come true for garlic lovers like me .
It ’s tart and garlick-y and oh - so - fragrant in all the right ways .
( As a bonus , you ’ll surely be safe from vampires for the evening . )
The instructions below are one part recipe , one part technique .
Basically , the chicken breast is dredged in flour , then shallow fried in a bath of bubbling golden olive oil .
It develops a rich brown , garlicky crust and layers of flavor from being flipped and seasoned a handful of times .
Lemon juice , powdered peel , and fresh zest provide a triple dose of bright citrus flavor right near the end of cooking .
The chicken meat itself is moist and tender and infused with lemon -y garlic flavor .
Enjoy this chicken with any sort of hot , spicy rice ( I have yet to get the recipe for the Demon Saffron Rice that he made around Halloween ) , some warm , buttered noodles , or grilled asparagus sprinkled with Parmesan .
Leftovers make killer toasted subs with oodles of melted cheese .
The Angry Chef ’s Garlicky Lemon - Pepper Chicken : A note on ingredients
This recipe calls for three different types of garlic — garlic salt , fresh elephant garlic , and jarred minced garlic .
You ’ll also want to use pure olive oil instead of extra virgin , because it has a higher smoke point ( making it better for frying ) .
The Angry Chef ’s Garlicky Lemon - Pepper Chicken
6 chicken breasts ( about 4 1/2 lbs )
2 cups flour
1 lemon , juice and peel
1 clove elephant garlic
3 1/2 Tbls. prepared minced garlic
pure olive oil
onion powder
garlic salt
white pepper
black pepper
dried oregano
dried parsley
powdered lemon peel
Serves 6 - 8 as a main course .
The Angry Chef ’s Garlicky Lemon - Pepper Chicken : Prep your ingredients
Slice each chicken breast in half lengthwise .
Peel the elephant garlic and cut it into a coarse dice .
Next , zest your lemon then cut it in half .
Put the flour in a gallon - sized zip - top bag .
Grab your chicken .
Drop it into the bag with the flour .
Seal the bag well .
Shake it around to coat the chicken well with flour .
It should look about like this :
Take each piece of chicken out of the bag .
Shake off any excess flour .
Lay the chicken out on a board or plate and set it aside for a minute .
The Angry Chef ’s Garlicky Lemon - Pepper Chicken : Start to fry the chicken
Pour about 1 / 4 inch of olive oil into a large , non -stick pan .
How much oil you use will depend on the size of your pan .
Heat the oil for a minute or two over medium - high heat .
Add the jarred , minced garlic to the oil .
Sprinkle in the fresh , diced elephant garlic .
Give the garlic and oil a stir .
Cook for a minute or two over medium - high heat to infuse the oil with garlicky goodness .
When the oil starts to bubble , carefully put each piece of chicken in the pan .
Your pan will be crowded .
In this case , that ’s just fine .
Cook over medium - high heat until the oil starts to bubble again .
When it starts to bubble , season it by coating the top of the chicken with a thin layer of onion powder , garlic salt , white pepper , black pepper , dried oregano , and dried parsley .
It should look about like this .
Cook for 3 - 4 minutes over medium - high heat .
As it cooks , push the chicken around a little to let the oil flow in between the pieces of chicken .
The Angry Chef ’s Garlicky Lemon - Pepper Chicken : Flip #
1
After 3 - 4 minutes , flip each piece of chicken over .
Pieces of golden brown garlic should be stuck to the bottom .
That ’s the start of your chicken ’s garlicky crust .
Reseason the top of the chicken with a thin layer of onion powder , garlic salt , white pepper , black pepper , dried oregano , and dried parsley .
Cook for another 3 - 4 minutes .
The Angry Chef ’s Garlicky Lemon - Pepper Chicken : Flip #
2
After about 3 - 4 minutes , flip each piece of chicken over again .
Reseason the top of the chicken with a thin layer of onion powder , garlic salt , white pepper , black pepper , dried oregano , and dried parsley .
After you ’ve done that , sprinkle on a layer of powdered lemon peel .
Then sprinkle with the fresh lemon zest .
Squeeze one of the lemon halves over the pan , getting a little juice and lemon pulp on each piece of chicken .
Cook over medium - high heat for 3 - 4 minutes .
The Angry Chef ’s Garlicky Lemon - Pepper Chicken : Flip # 3 ( a.k.a. the final flipping )
After 3 - 4 minutes , flip the chicken one last time .
At this point , it should have a handsome brown crust on the bottom .
Sprinkle with dried parsley .
Squeeze the other half of the lemon over the chicken , getting a little on each piece .
Let it cook for 8 - 10 minutes more .
After that time , your chicken should have a good brown crust and be cooked completely though ( cut and peek to be sure , if you like ) .
Remove the chicken from the oil and heap on a platter .
Serve and enjoy !
Nutrition Calories 628 cal Fat 21 g Carbs 51 g Protein 54 g Click Here For Full Nutrition , Exchanges , and My Plate Info The Angry Chef ’s Garlicky Lemon - Pepper Chicken The Hungry Mouse
This is one of our fav ways to make chicken .
Fair warning :
This is super garlicky and oh - so - delicious .
Save Recipe Save Recipe Print Recipe My Recipes My Lists My Calendar Ingredients 6 chicken breasts ( about 4 1/2 lbs ) , each sliced in half lengthwise 2 cups flour 1 lemon , juice and zest 1 clove elephant garlic , peeled and diced small 3 1/2 Tbls .
prepared minced garlic pure olive oil onion powder garlic salt white pepper black pepper dried oregano dried parsley powdered lemon peel Instructions
Put the flour and chicken in a gallon - sized zip - top bag .
Seal the bag well .
Shake it around to coat the chicken well with flour .
Take each piece of chicken out of the bag .
Shake off any excess flour .
Lay the chicken out on a board or plate and set it aside for a minute .
Pour about 1 / 4 inch of olive oil into a large , non -stick pan .
How much oil you use will depend on the size of your pan .
Heat the oil for a minute or two over medium - high heat .
Add the jarred , minced garlic and diced elephant garlic to the oil .
Give the garlic and oil a stir .
Cook for a minute or two over medium - high heat to infuse the oil with garlicky goodness .
When the oil starts to bubble , carefully put each piece of chicken in the pan .
Your pan will be crowded .
In this case , that ’s just fine .
Cook over medium - high heat until the oil starts to bubble again .
Sprinkle the chicken with a thin layer of onion powder , garlic salt , white pepper , black pepper , dried oregano , and dried parsley .
Cook for 3 - 4 minutes over medium - high heat .
As it cooks , push the chicken around a little to let the oil flow in between the pieces of chicken .
After 3 - 4 minutes , flip each piece of chicken over .
Pieces of golden brown garlic should be stuck to the bottom .
That ’s the start of your chicken ’s garlicky crust .
Reseason the top of the chicken with a thin layer of onion powder , garlic salt , white pepper , black pepper , dried oregano , and dried parsley .
Cook for another 3 - 4 minutes .
After about 3 - 4 minutes , flip each piece of chicken over again .
Reseason the top of the chicken with a thin layer of onion powder , garlic salt , white pepper , black pepper , dried oregano , and dried parsley .
Sprinkle on a layer of powdered lemon peel and fresh lemon zest .
Squeeze one of the lemon halves over the pan , getting a little juice and lemon pulp on each piece of chicken .
Cook over medium - high heat for 3 - 4 minutes .
After 3 - 4 minutes , flip the chicken one last time .
At this point , it should have a handsome brown crust on the bottom .
Sprinkle with dried parsley .
Squeeze the other half of the lemon over the chicken , getting a little on each piece .
Let it cook for 8 - 10 minutes more .
After that time , your chicken should have a good brown crust and be cooked completely though ( cut and peek to be sure , if you like ) .
Remove the chicken from the oil and heap on a platter .
Serve and enjoy !
7.8.1.2 25 http://www.thehungrymouse.com/2008/11/28/the-angry-chefs-garlicky-lemon-pepper-chicken/
Jessie Cross , The Hungry Mouse .
All rights reserved .
OFF THE ROAD : John Cully , from Dublin , plans to appeal against the one - year driving ban he received after he was convicted of breaking a red light on his bicycle in the capital .
Photo : Tony Gavin
A cyclist who broke a red light and seriously injured himself when he smashed into a car has been banned from driving a car for a year , in a ruling described as " highly unusual " by the author of the acknowledged bible on road - traffic law in Ireland .
The ruling has also been described as " unprecedented " by an organisation representing cyclists .
" It will serve as a warning .
I do n't think that most cyclists around the country realise they could lose their driving licence if they break the law when on a bike .
Cyclists must realise that a bicycle is a vehicle under the terms of the Road Traffic Act , " said Mike McKillen , chairman of cyclists .ie -- the umbrella group of biking organisations around the country .
John Cully , 38 , of Pleasant Street , Dublin , was convicted after he cycled through a red light on New Street in Dublin 8 , moments before crashing into a Volkswagen Jetta car driven by a Dublin woman , Paula McCormack .
Mr Cully smashed through the windscreen of the car and is still recovering from injuries to his arm .
An independent witness told the Dublin District Court last week that Ms McCormack had a green light when she proceeded through the junction .
Mr Cully was banned from driving for a year because there is no provision for cycling disqualifications in the Road Traffic Act .
The court was also told Mr Cully had not been wearing a reflective jacket , though he claimed in court that his high visibility clothing was removed by medics or ambulance crew when he was taken to hospital .
After the case , Mr Cully , originally from Ballyfermot , Dublin , said he intended to appeal both his sentence and conviction .
He told the Sunday Independent that he had no previous history involving accidents , though he admitted he is a former drug addict and has served 10 years in prison .
" I could n't possibly have run the red light .
I was cycling in rush - hour traffic and if I ran the red light I would have been squashed by on - coming traffic , " he added .
He remembers little about the accident and is still coming to terms with his injuries .
" The woman put her coat across me and her daughter was holding my hand and trying to talk to me .
" All I really remember vividly is the car hitting me and everything after that is a blur .
I 'm completely unable to lift anything heavy with my left arm .
Doctors believe my arm will be permanently injured .
I have received absolutely no compensation for my accident , and chances are I will never cycle again " .
He said he was shocked at the driving ban .
" I do n't have a car and I do not drive but due to the court ruling even if I wanted to I could n't " says John .
" I spoke to a barrister friend of mine and he says that this is the most ridiculous case he has ever heard of .
I 'm going to appeal , " he added .
But Robert Pierse , the author of Road Traffic Law in Ireland , which is now in its fourth edition and a required source for lawyers involved in road traffic cases , said the judge was perfectly entitled to impose a driving ban for a cycling offence .
Mr Pierse added : " It is highly unusual but legal .
Road traffic law in Ireland is very complex , with 12 or 13 acts and more than 400 regulations .
The whole area is badly in need of consolidation and I understand that a bill is due to come before the Dail to do just that -- when they get around to it . "
Mr Pierse , who at 73 remains a highly regarded consultant at Pierse & Fitzgibbon Solicitors in Listowel -- the firm he established in 1962 , operating from his mother 's converted hen house -- said that he had not come across any previous cases where a cycling offence led to a driving ban .
He recommended that people read his 1,400 page book on road traffic law in Ireland for reference .
" It 's cheaper than sleeping pills , " he added .
Sunday Independent
This is the blog of Colorado Haiti Project ( CHP ) mission teams .
Share in the experiences of our volunteers as they serve our brothers and sisters in Petit Trou de Nippes , Haiti and surrounding areas .
For more information visit www.coloradohaitiproject.org.
Last week , the feds sent the Environmental Protection Agency out to harass the sovereign state of Texas .
Texas needs to reclaim the spirit of Davy Crockett , when he famously proclaimed  you may all go to hell , and I will go to Texas ; and send the federal agency packing .
Heres why and how .
EPAs Goal is Centralization of Power
By sending the EPA to Texas , the federal governments goal is not environmental improvements .
The goal is centralization of power .
The tactic is to use the unelected bureaucrats of the EPA to increase Texas dependence on the federal government through arbitrary and economically crippling regulation .
Refinery permits are just tools that the EPA intends to use to control the Texas oil and gas industry .
EPA control can force Texas into dependence in at least two ways .
First , though excessive regulation of a major industry , economic growth will be stifled .
This will create more state dependence on federal funds .
Second , unnecessary EPA regulations will cost Texans jobs .
This is will create individual dependence on welfare programs and since these programs include state - mandated funding , Texas will be hit with additional liabilities .
The political problem for the EPA is that Texas commonsense policies have resulted in cleaner air while maintaining one of the healthiest economies in our nation during the current recession .
This Texas independence and success is why the feds will continue to financially attack Texas .
A self - sustaining state is very problematic for a federal government that is trying to centralize all the power in Washington .
So expect the relationship between the Texas state government and the U.S. government to increasingly deteriorate .
Bill Hammond , president of the Texas Association of Business , had this to say about the political dilemma facing the EPA :
 Evidently , Texas success in improving both our environment and our economy , while Washington still argues about how to accomplish either , is something that EPA and the administration finds troubling .
Proponents of centralized government will attempt to argue that Texas policies are causing the streets of New Orleans to smell like the morning after a frat party , or that pollution from Texas is causing smog in LA and NYC , or that the earth will be destroyed by the Texas carbon footprint .
All of these arguments are ridiculous excuses designed to provide cover for a federal power grab .
These straw man arguments do not in any way reflect reality .
Nullification : How to ... Thomas E. Woods Best Price : $ 2.00 Buy New $ 8.34 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
Proponents of centralized government will argue that Texas should just roll over and take it because , they falsely proclaim : Texas needs federal subsidies .
When in fact , Texas has been a donor state for decades and currently only gets back 94 cents for every dollar that is sent to Washington .
Historical data shows that every year since 1981 , Texas citizens have donated more to the federal government than what was received .
The truth is that if Texas continues to roll over and take it , then at some point in the near future Texas will become dependent on federal money and require more back than what was put in , and that is certainly one of the goals of centralization .
The real battle , often hidden behind the propaganda , is between sovereign states seeking a level of independence guaranteed by the Constitution and a federal government that seeks to undermine the American system of federalism itself .
Texas success is a powerful example that local , more decentralized government works best and for centralizers , that kind of example must be destroyed .
Texas Duty is Decentralization of Power
Texas should invoke the 10th and legally send the EPA back Washington D.C. where they can look for a lesser target to plunder .
The tenth amendment guarantees a limited federal government and grants governing authority to states and to the people .
Leaders in the Texas legislature and Governor Perry have responded with strong words against the EPAs intrusion .
Governor Perry said this about the EPAs actions :
 The Obama administration has taken yet another step in its campaign to harm our economy and impose federal control over Texas .
On behalf of those Texans whose jobs are threatened by this latest overreach , and in defense of , not only our clean air program , but also our rights under the 10th Amendment , I am calling upon President Obama to rein in the EPA and instruct them to study our successful approach for recommended use elsewhere . 
Texas State Representative Wayne Christian had this to say :
 The EPAs unilateral and unwarranted takeover of air quality permits in Texas further proves that the federal government has a clear disregard for the authority of the Texas Legislature and for the principle of federalism .
Washington is seeking to command and control all sectors of economic activity .
This action must not stand .
Lone Star : A History O... T.R. Fehrenbach Best Price : $ 5.42 Buy New $ 8.39 ( as of 06:15 EST - Details )
It is apparent that Texas politicians and leaders understand that this is a federal power grab that should not be allowed to proceed .
However , in recent times , leadership in Texas has been more about talking the talk and less about walking the walk .
A recent example , still fresh on the minds of many Texans , is the hesitancy of the Governor to call a special session so that Texas might pass nullification legislation to protect its citizens from the unconstitutional mandates of Obamacare .
While this delay in legislation concerning health care may prove to be the proper course strategically , this may not be the case in the battle against the EPAs permit consolidation .
EPAs regional administrator has indicated that Texas has weeks , not years  before the EPA begins taking over the entire air - pollution permitting program .
The time to act has arrived .
Texas leadership would do well to find inspiration in another Davy Crockett quote :
 I would rather be beaten and be a man than to be elected and be a little puppy dog .
I have always supported measures and principles and not men .
I have acted fearlessly and independent and I never will regret my course .
I would rather be politically buried than to be hypocritically immortalized . 
The solution is straightforward : the state government of Texas should tell the EPA to go to hell .
In practical terms this means that nullification legislation should be passed by the Texas legislature and signed by the Governor .
This legislation , based on the tenth amendment , should declare federal mandates with regards to the Clean Air Act null and void in the state of Texas and should include penalties for federal agents or local law enforcement agents that attempt to enforce this federal law in the state of Texas .
In an age of rapid centralization of power in Washington DC , nullification legislation denying federal authority is becoming common .
Various states have defied federal laws by passing legislation designed to nullify : federal healthcare laws , federal firearm laws , federal marijuana laws , federal identification laws , among others .
Reprinted from the Tenth Amendment Center .
June 22 , 2010
The Best of Brian Roberts
Honda says production is returning to normal at its Chinese car lock factory .
The Japanese automaker says the majority of workers at the Guandong plant agreed to end their strike after an undisclosed pay rise .
However some employees are still holding out for a better offer .
The dispute is the third Chinese action to hit Honda in recent weeks , and many other firms have also been affected by labour unrest and a resulting rise in wages .
That is causing disquiet in Taiwan , one of the biggest investors in manufacturing on the mainland - and some of its industries are now shifting production across the border to Vietnam .
The BBC travelled first to Taipei and then Hanoi to investigate the trend .
Pauline Mason reports .
I work in a district hospital which , like many others around the country , is facing a shortage of doctors .
Three months ago , our 150 - bed medical unit which takes in emergency patients – from strokes to heart attacks – was missing a third of its complement of middle - ranking and junior doctors .
Our attempts to permanently fill these posts failed .
We got responses from several apparently suitable doctors working overseas , but it would be at least three months before their paperwork would be complete to allow them to come to the UK , so they were no use for our current crisis .
There was a European doctor with no previous NHS experience who had been working on a cruise ship for the past year ; a gastroenterologist whose CV stated that his knowledge of psychosomatics allowed him to treat disorders such as globus hystericus ( a rare psychological swallowing disorder ) , but gave no clear idea that he would know what to do if faced with a patient with life - threatening haematemesis ( a stomach haemorrhage ) .
There were many other CVs like these .
Human resources tried their hardest to procure suitable locums from staffing agencies , but with no success .
It was at this point that I decided to become involved in the appointment process .
The cases that follow relate to a three - month period and are all true .
I do n't think I could have made them up if I 'd tried .
Dr A : Around Christmas 2009 a medical staffing agency emailed offering " a fantastic doctor with very good UK experience " .
I booked him immediately .
Four days later came another email : " He is not wanting to work in Scotland ( too cold ! ! ) – only wants to work in or around London . "
You win some , you lose some , I thought .
Dr B : The email from the agency read : " I have a very good general medicine senior house officer [ a doctor with at least two years ' experience on the wards ] available .
If he is of interest , snap him up as he wo n't be around for long as his CV looks brilliant . "
However , buried in the CV was a reference from a UK consultant .
This stated that Dr B 's basic skills were equivalent to a doctor who was just one year out of university .
" Due to only a short period of attachment on my ward I am unable to comment about his competence in great detail , " the consultant 's reference read .
We decided not to proceed .
Dr C : This doctor 's UK experience amounted to two months as a locum senior house officer ( SHO ) for which no references were provided .
Undeterred , the agency wrote : " I can confirm that this doctor is still available as of this point , but things change really quickly with SHOs as they seem to be in short supply ! "
I felt this level of enthusiasm was likely to have been misplaced , but sure enough the doctor had gone in the time it took me to say " book him " .
Dr D : This European doctor was working in the UK and had reasonably good references .
I decided to go ahead and wrote a nice welcoming email .
The agency assured me that the booking had been accepted .
Two days later I received an email from Dr D that read ( word for word ) : " Sorry .
I received your message but I do not understand about which company you are talking .
I do not know anything about your hospital ( that should I can go ) .
If you can tell me more details or it is a mistake ? "
I phoned the agency to ask for an explanation but no one was able to provide me with one .
Dr E : This doctor was offered to us as an SHO .
We booked him but our human resources department subsequently discovered that he had only a student visa and was not even licensed to work as a doctor in this country .
We did not take him on .
The agency wrote to us later to say that because the doctor had not acted professionally with their staff and had not provided them with information they had requested , they would be taking him off their books .
Because agencies do not share information about doctors who behave unprofessionally with other agencies , this doctor will presumably have no difficulty signing up elsewhere .
Dr F : This doctor had trained for many years overseas but wanted to move to the UK .
The agency offered the doctor to us as an SHO , and his CV said that he had worked at this grade in another UK hospital .
The reference stated that the doctor was very reliable and showed very good timekeeping , clinical and communication skills , and enjoyed good relationships with patients and colleagues .
But he looked so terrified on arrival that we felt we had to employ another doctor to cover for him when he was supposed to be responsible for emergency admissions .
It soon became apparent that Dr F 's comfort zone was near that of a final - year medical student .
We ended the contract .
I tried to persuade the doctor and the agency that he would be better off accepting a clinical attachment at a hospital and then apply for a junior doctor 's job before considering a more demanding role .
The agency had already offered him another SHO locum .
Dr G : One of our core medical trainees decided to relinquish her post for personal reasons just as she was due to start a three - week stint assessing acutely ill patients when they first arrive at the hospital .
We advertised for a locum to cover her first weekend but no one materialised .
Then , with three or four days to go , we received word that a doctor working as a consultant overseas would cover the three 12 - hour shifts , provided we paid over the odds .
We duly did so .
There were no complaints during the first two nights on call , but on the third night the doctor was found asleep in the doctors ' mess .
The doctor with whom the locum was on call asked for help with a difficult patient but was told that the locum was " too tired " to assist .
One of the staff nurses filed a critical incident report over the locum 's handling of another case .
I sent both complaints to the agency , which forwarded them to the locum for comment , but we have heard nothing since .
Dr H :
The agency said this doctor was looking for a full - time post .
The doctor 's referee stated : " I have found Dr H as an honest dedicated and conscientious doctor who is keen to provide excellent care in all settings .
[ Dr H ] has good communication skills and provided administrative support on an NHS ward setting in the last six months .
[ Dr H ] is happy to work within general medicine , ENT [ ear , nose , and throat ] , and general surgery . "
When we asked the agency for more details of Dr H's experience we were told that Dr H had spent the last six months working as an administrative ward clerk – a clerical job that needed no medical experience at all .
Dr I : We were offered this specialty registrar ( SpR – a senior doctor just below the rank of consultant ) at the eye - wateringly high rate of £ 70 a hour , plus tax .
This was sanctioned because we were so short of staff .
The doctor 's only UK experience had been as " locum SpR " for six weeks in another district general hospital .
I spoke to one of the consultants at this hospital , who said the locum was functioning as a doctor with between one and two years ' experience .
He said he never asked the doctor to do any medical receiving as he felt this would be " asking for trouble " .
Dr J : I got an email from an agency offering , " a VERY good SHO in general medicine " .
I phoned the agency to ask if this doctor was capable of undertaking medical clinics and receiving acute cases , to which they said , " I can ask " .
If they did not know , should they be advertising him ?
The reference looked satisfactory so I emailed back saying we should book him .
An hour later I received another email : " Just spoke to the doctor , other agencies looking to book him .
But Dr J would like to work at your trust .
He wants to know what shifts he will be working and how many hours .
He would like as many on - calls as possible . "
For " locum agency " read " cattle market " , with locums going to the highest bidder .
I have spent three months trying to fill our middle - grade rota without success .
A huge amount of time has been wasted attempting to book doctors with little experience of working in the UK , whose competencies I have been unable to assess , who did not always have the right paperwork and who could break an agreement at will and without repercussion .
I believe the responsibility for this lies with the European Working Time Directive and Modernising Medical Careers , which have created a health service in which we are forced to rely so heavily on locums .
But most of all I rage at the locum agencies whose failure to regulate themselves should have led to intervention by the GMC by now .
We pay lip - service to patient safety by allowing this scandalous state of affairs to continue .
Professor Chris Isles is a consultant at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary .
A version of this article appears in this week 's British Medical Journal
The locum problem ...
Concern about stand - in doctors was highlighted when out - of - hours locum GP Daniel Ubani killed a Cambridgeshire pensioner by injecting him with 10 times the recommended daily dose of diamorphine in 2008 .
In spite of the problems , demand for such agency locum doctors has increased as the ability of agencies to meet requests has fallen .
This has been fuelled by the full implementation of the European Working Time Directive for doctors .
The agencies ' ability to meet this demand has fallen from 83 per cent of all requests filled in 2006 - 07 to 71 per cent in 2008 - 09 .
Consequently , hourly rates for locums are high .
Audit Scotland found pay rates ranged from £ 34 to £ 87 an hour , excluding VAT .
Fresh research suggests our bias for action is emotional , not rational .
An article by Patricia Cohen in the New York Times “ Business Day ” section on March 1st , reporting on a study made by economist Ofer H. Azar at Ben-Gurion University of Negev in Israel , adds another dimension to the topic of the last article I wrote for Lifehack.org .
In what I wrote then , I wondered whether our culture ’s emphasis on getting things done — preferring action over time for thought or waiting to allow events to unfold further — was anything more than fashion .
Now , it seems , there ’s evidence that this tendency to want to do something is neither as practical , nor as rational , as you may think .
How people make high - stakes decisions
Mr. Azar is interested in a topic much in vogue with contemporary economists : how investors make high - stakes decisions .
In classical economics , people are assumed to make rational , independent choices based on self - interest .
It ’s an assumption that makes for neatness , but it appears to be wide of the mark .
Advertising
Rather than construct some artificial experiment , Azar decided to study professional soccer goalkeepers and how they deal with the toughest , highest - stakes decision they are forced to make on a regular basis : how to act to stop a penalty kick at goal .
Faced with a player sending the ball towards them at 80 m.p.h. or more , the goalkeeper has only a fraction of a second to decide how to block the shot .
It ’s a fearful challenge : 4 out of 5 penalty kicks score a goal .
By analyzing data on more than 300 kicks , the researchers calculated the action most likely to prevent a goal being scored .
Surprisingly , it is standing in the center of the goal and doing nothing until the trajectory of the ball can be seen .
This resulted in a 1 in 3 success rate — far higher than the average .
Advertising
Yet goalkeepers almost never act in this way .
They typically try to guess the ball ’s direction before the player ’s foot has actually made contact with it , diving left or right to try to be in the right spot when the ball arrives .
Neither is a good option .
Diving left resulted in success 14 % of the time ; diving right only 12.6 % .
Why then is it so common to act in a way that is even less successful than the average ?
Fearing censure more than failure
The researchers suggest that the answer lies in the goalkeepers ’ emotions and the response they meet from others after failing .
By taking action — even if it ’s neither rational nor likely to be successful — they can at least be seen to have done something .
Advertising
If they stand and wait until the ball is kicked and then fail to stop it , they feel worse because of their inaction ; and others are far more likely to criticize them for not appearing even to try .
It ’s better to try a poor action than try a better — but seemingly passive — response if both fail ; even though the “ inactive ” response is more rational and based on a better likelihood of success .
Others value action , even when it ’s wrong
In today ’s business world , action is preferred over the alternatives and is more likely to result in forgiveness when a mistake is made .
You can always say that you tried .
The person who does nothing is doubly damned : once for the mistake and again for not “ doing something . ”
This urge to action — to get things done — is more emotional than rational .
“ Wait and see ” risks your credibility and reputation , even where it can be shown to be the optimal course .
Advertising
“ Wait and see ” may serve you better than anything you can do right away
Few , if any , business or career decisions must be made as instantly as a goalkeeper reacting to a penalty kick ; all are more complex and dependent on the way external events turn out .
Yet managers still face this constant urge to act , even when waiting to see what else may happen can be shown to improve the chances of success .
It ’s interesting that Warren Buffett , probably the world ’s most famous and most successful investor , is famous for his inaction .
He has even been known to apologize to shareholders in his company , telling them that profits would have been higher if he had spent his time in total idleness , instead of acting to invest their money .
Looking to the long term , he ignores short - term ups and downs and simply waits to see what will happen .
If you think about it , doing nothing is often the right thing to do .
Jumping into any action before all the facts are in , or failing to allow events to unfold before fixing on a way to interpret them , is both foolish and irrational .
That ’s why slowing down can be so powerful in helping you to reach success ; you ’re less likely to make avoidable errors .
Organizational and career implications
Given our strong cultural bias towards action — almost any action — it ’s not surprising organizations are filled with people who would far rather do anything than wait on events — even though this would increase the chances that whatever action they choose in the end — even if it remains to do nothing — will be a success .
Few decisions in the world of work are made rationally or objectively , especially when emotions from triumph and elation to shame and humiliation are tied up in the outcome .
Still , the next time you feel that you really ought to get something done , it might be sensible to wonder what is urging you forward .
Is it really the rational need to produce an outcome , based on a clear grasp of what is needed ; or is it that nagging voice that tells you waiting any longer will leave you open to the charge that you did n’t even try ?
JAY’S RATINGS FALL BELOW CONAN’S
In his 15th week back as host of NBC ’s Tonight show , Jay Leno ’s ratings among adults 18 - 49 have dipped below those that Conan O’Brien garnered 15 weeks after he took over the show last year , according to TVbytheNumbers.com .
Ratings for Leno ’s Tonight were also below O’Brien ’s Tonight when compared with the same calendar week a year ago , the website observed .
Another bad sign for Leno and NBC : for the first week since Leno ’s return , he was tied with CBS ’s Late Show with David Letterman among adults 18 - 49 .
He had been leading Letterman in the preceding weeks .
“ Sometimes , it ’s only a matter of a particular track cleaner not doing their job , ” said Robert M. Corrigan , a rodentologist who led the study .
Still , the city did offer some practical advice .
Nothing quite excites a rat like a station ’s “ refuse room , ” a storage space for bags of garbage waiting to be hauled away .
For rodents , the room is “ a restaurant , ” as Dr. Corrigan called it , and he recommended that the transportation authority install poison bait in the rooms for a more surgical strike .
( Currently , the authority places poison only on the tracks . )
Entrances to the rooms should be guarded , Dr. Corrigan said , so rats cannot reach the food .
He also suggested that transit officials invest in more high - tech trapping systems , although he said budget concerns would probably stymie such plans .
Indeed , a spokesman for the transportation authority said Tuesday that the agency would “ need to evaluate the costs associated with implementation moving forward . ”
Dr. Corrigan said he remained optimistic that a better system of prevention could be in place within the next two years .
It seems that rats like to hang out in stations , but not on trains .
Perhaps for good reason :
In 1976 , an academic study concluded that “ rats with high blood pressure should not ride the subways too often or too long : the stress of noise , vibration , and crowding may kill some of them before their time . ”
Han Solo being harassed by the puritan police
Facebook 's privacy settings are notoriously complex , and the results of changes hard to see instantly .
ReclaimPrivacy.org has a handy bookmarklet that shows which potentially insecure and privacy - invading settings are enabled on your Facebook account when you click it .
Advertisement
ReclaimPrivacy 's bookmarklet focuses on just a few key areas where Facebook can share information with the public — having your contacts , connections , and tagged photos exposed to the public , as well as allowing your friends to accidentally expose that information themselves .
It also looks at your relationship with Facebook 's personalization , applications , and other aspects to see what Facebook and independent developers can find out about you , then rates your exposure level in simple Good , Caution , or Insecure levels , along with offering links to change those settings .
Advertisement
We 've previously shown you how to see what Facebook publicly publishes about you , as well as fine - tune your settings manually to " quit " Facebook without actually quitting .
For a quicker , explanatory glance at what 's going on with your account , though , this bookmarklet is a great tool .
Thanks for the link , Rufo !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Facebook Privacy Scanner [ via Hacker News ]
Back when I read Programming Ruby for the first time , I distinctly remember a short reference to dRb , the Distributed Ruby library included in the Standard Library .
“ Cool ! ” — I thought
… and that was pretty much it .
The documentation for DRb was pretty much nonexistent ( at the time ) , I did n’t need it , so I pretty much forgot about it altogether until this book came out .
Distributed Programming with Ruby fills a very particular niche of the Ruby programming world : distributed programming .
Moreover , this book is somehow justified by the scarce documentation on the subject :
Although these libraries [ DRb and rinda ] have been included with Ruby for many years now , they have received little or no attention ( or documentation ) .
This has led to a lot of FUD ( fear , uncertainty , and doubt ) about what these libraries can and cannot do , and when they are appropriate to use ( if at all ) .
— Mark Bates , Distributed Programming with Ruby
But there ’s more .
This book gives the reader a complete overview of what ’s out there , in the Ruby world , to support distributed programming .
This includes quite a few gems and libraries besides the ones provided in the standard library .
Overview
The book is organized into four parts , each dealing with a particular set of Ruby libraries related to distributed programming .
The author , Mark Bates , does a good job maintaining a sort of continuity in the examples throughout the book : you ’ll get accustomed to a Logger class of some kind being punctually re-implemented more or less once per chapter , using a different library .
Additionally , the libraries described in the book are ordered by “ reverse preference ” in each part of the book , so normally the libraries described later on in a part fix some of the shortcomings of the preceding ones .
Part I : Standard Library
This part is the most important of all : it gives you the very basics about Distributed Programming and it describes the “ building blocks ” ( DRb and Rinda ) used in nearly all the other libraries described in the book .
If you want you can skip some chapters in the other parts of the book , but make sure this part is crystal clear in your head before proceeding any further .
Part II : Third - Party Frameworks and Libraries
If you read part I , you ’re probably a bit disappointed by DRb and Rinda and the amount of code you have to write to make simple things work in a distributed environment .
The good news is that there are some Ruby gems out there that can make life simpler : RingyDingy
Starfish
Distribunaut
Politics Part III : Distributed Message Queues
In this part , the author introduces more in detail the concept of distribute message queues , and also the technologies and protocols available not only in the Ruby world but elsewhere .
It focuses on two libraries : Starling , originally used by Twitter .
AMQP , an implementation of the AMQP protocol in Ruby , that can be used in conjunction with RabbitMQ , an Erlang - based messaging system .
Part IV : Distributed Programming with Ruby on Rails
The book ends somewhat abruptly with this last part that deals with distributed programming in the Rails world .
It feels a bit like a last - minute addendum that I would have left for an appendix , nevertheless it briefly introduces BackgrounDRb and Delayed Job .
Technical Analysis
Unlike other technical books , this one can ( must ? ) be read sequentially .
Generally each chapter focuses on a library , describes how to install it and use it , and highlights its pros and cons .
Typically , the “ cons ” are solved in the following chapter by another library , and so on …
The book is not meant to contain a full technical reference of each library , and it ’s quite short ( 256 pages ) , so you really get the most out of it if you read it all , from start to finish .
I did n’t realize there were so many different libraries in this particular niche of Ruby programming , and Mark does a good job demistifying some of them .
One thing that really struck me out of this book is the focus on gems .
We ’re not talking about mainstream frameworks like Rails or Merb here , but rather of some rather specialized , smaller libraries that fullfill very specific tasks .
Personally , I do n’t remember any other Ruby book doing this in the same way , and I was quite happy about it .
On the other hand , gems are a double - edged sword : while some of them are really cool and well - maintained , others may disappear tomorrow with no prior notice .
I was actually very surprised to see even some of the quirks of these gems documented in the book : p91 : “ Notice that we added client { } to the bottom of the server file .
The reason for this appears to be a bug or flaw in the Starfish architecture . ”
Really ?
Has n’t it be fixed now ?
Apparently not , that ’s the way it works , so no , you ca n’t blame the author of the book for this .
Formatting and Readability
As I pointed out earlier , this book is somehow meant to be read sequentially , and Mark does a good job making sure you do n’t get bored .
Chapters and sections are quite short and there ’s a good text / code ratio : the examples are short and clear , and you do n’t have to try them out yourself , because most of the time the author does it for you .
It ’s not infrequent for the author to tell you to run “ wrong ” code , but that ’s a great way to show you how to do the right thing right afterwards .
Sidebars and boxes are used properly and they do provide actual value - added content : some information on a non-Ruby technology , some tips and tricks on how to run things smoothly , etc .
On the other hand , one thing I could n’t stand were the endnotes .
I must say I do n’t like endnotes at the best of times , but when they are pointless I just ca n’t suffer them .
Each chapter has its own fair share of endnotes , but unfortunately most of them are just URLs to Wikipedia pages or RubyForce / GitHub projects : I would have preferred the URLs inline with the rest of the text , but that ’s just me .
Style and Contents Mark has a nice , informal writing style .
Exactly what you expect from a programming book nowadays , even if sometimes it feels a bit too informal : p86 : “ I think I understand what Eric means by all that .
However , that is as deep as the documentation goes on the subject .
I have not been able to test what I think he means , so I wo n’t make any grand promises about what the library can and cannot do in regards to expiring / renewing registrations . ”
Although this is not something you ’d see in a professional book everyday , it definitely helps to connect with the reader :
Mark is one of us after all , even if he happens to have created quite a few interesting projects , like the Mack framework , the Distribunaut library ( which is also mentioned in his book , but in a very impartial way ) and Configatron .
From his book you understand that he ’s neither one of those rockstar developers nor one of those famous authors who just writes books for a living : he ’s a competent programmer who knows quite a bit about a particular , but relevant , niche of Ruby programming .
The Feminist Philosophers blog has twice linked this new section of the New York Times ’ opinion section called “ The Stone ” .
In his lead essay , Simon Critchley defines philosophers by going back to the story of Thales falling in the well :
Socrates tells the story of Thales , who was by some accounts the first philosopher .
He was looking so intently at the stars that he fell into a well .
Some witty Thracian servant girl is said to have made a joke at Thales ’ expense — that in his eagerness to know what went on in the sky he was unaware of the things in front of him and at his feet .
Socrates adds , in Seth Benardete ’s translation , “ The same jest suffices for all those who engage in philosophy . ”
He goes on to suggest that falling in the well is a result of an other - worldliness that is actually the main benefit of philosophy :
Pushing this a little further , we might say that to philosophize is to take your time , even when you have no time , when time is constantly pressing at your back .
The busy readers of The New York Times will doubtless understand this sentiment .
It is our hope that some of them will make the time to read The Stone .
As Wittgenstein says , “ This is how philosophers should salute each other : ‘ Take your time . ’ ”
And of course , philosophers win in the end :
Perhaps the last laugh is with the philosopher .
Although the philosopher will always look ridiculous in the eyes of pettifoggers and those obsessed with maintaining the status quo , the opposite happens when the non-philosopher is obliged to give an account of justice in itself or happiness and misery in general .
Far from eloquent , Socrates insists , the pettifogger is “ perplexed and stutters . ”
Feminist Philosophers seems to find this account of philosophy enraging .
First of all , it ’s an inaccurate assessment of the state of the profession :
Well , that ’s the sort of thing that makes me pretty cross .
It ’s the kind of statement that leaves students unprepared to find that in fact professional philosophers form a club , with pretty well defined boundaries , that reflect all sorts of divisions in the society .
And that many ( most ? ) philosophers today are unwilling or unable to recognize the extent to which their choices are influenced by an unconscious internalization of the mores and conventions of our time .
It might be objected , however , that Critchley ’s account is of the “ philosopher ” simpliciter , not of “ philosopher ” as a job description at a modern university .
In that case , his definition of philosophers as out of this world is aspirational rather than empirical .
Even this argument leaves the Feminist Philosophers cold :
This is not an uncommon description , and it may be one philosophers generally think is true of them .
So let ’s suppose it is part of philosophy ’s self - image , and restrict our attention to those doing philosophy in Western universities today .
Philosophy professors seem to be on the whole very privileged and elitist practitioners .
For people who do not hold to society ’s values , they conform to lots of them and benefit from them .
Thus there seems to be a suspicious gap between the self - image and the reality .
For my part , I have two reflection on this .
First , I asked the students in my intro class to have a discussion of “ what is philosophy ? ” on the last day of class , and in my opinion it went really poorly .
Part of the trouble is that we were all in one group instead of in smaller sections , which seems to work better with Hawaiian students .
More importantly however , I think it ’s probably unfair to ask students to do meta- philosophy without more regular philosophical experience .
To the extent that they had an opinion on the state of philosophy , they seemed to think that philosophy is for the most part the asking of unanswerable questions , which is , at best , profitable only as a means of intellectual entertainment .
Progress in philosophy is more or less impossible , and everyone just has to work out for themselves what they really think on the basis of opinion alone .
If that ’s what philosophy is , it might best to abandon philosophy all together .
My second reflection is that in Chinese philosophy , the picture of the philosopher falling in the well could never have caught on as an image .
Analects 6.26 says :
Zaiwo asked , “ If a person of ren were told there ’s a person of ren down a well , would he go in after him ? ”
The Master said , “ How could it be that he would ?
A gentleman can be sent to save him , but not to jump in after him .
He can be tricked but not duped . ”
The point of the story as I see it is that Chinese philosophers are supposed to be practical people whose intelligence and morality prevent their being duped by life .
Some mistakes are inevitable , even for sages , but falling in a well is not among them .
Up until 1906 , all the mandarins in China had to pass a test showing that they knew the Confucian classics , and so there was a large overlap between philosophical interpretations and political action .
If you fall down a well , you ’ll never be an advisor to the king , and for the Chinese that was what it was really about .
They believed in Marx before Marx , “ The philosophers have only interpreted the world in various ways — the point however is to change it . ”
The Zhuangzi also has some good well stories .
In the seventeenth chapter , there ’s a quote that has become a Japanese idiom :
You cannot discuss the sea with a frog in a well , for he is limited in space .
You cannot discuss ice and snow with a summer insect , for he is fixed in his own time .
And you cannot discuss the Way with a pedantic scholar , for he is bound by his doctrines .
In Japan , a “ frog in a well ” is like our “ big fish in a small pond ” but even more restricted .
Zhuangzi seems to have a strongly perspectival view of knowledge , yet he also thinks that some perspectives give us a wider look at the world than others .
The point seems to be that a philosopher has to go beyond the ordinary without thereby losing sight of the ordinary .
If your milieu as a scholar is the university , you ’re blind if you do n’t see the political structures that support the walls of the academy around you .
That makes you worse than a frog in a well , because at least that frog knows about the walls of the well .
Corey once said that it was only after he got over philosophy that he felt like he could study philosophy in grad school without worrying about selling out .
At the time I thought I was enough over philosophy not to worry about it , but sometimes I do wonder if my best contribution to the state of philosophy might be to do something else .
The one thing that keeps me in the game is the idea that your biggest impact on the world as a philosopher is not the papers that you write which no one will ever read but the couple dozen kids you teach each semester .
For better or worse , that ’s the legacy you can have as a philosopher .
As such , you actually do n’t have a lot of time to waste .
A semester goes by pretty quick and then it ’s done .
After it ’s gone , there ’s no point in wishing you had spent less time stuck at the bottom of a well .
Story in an online space is apparently a difficult thing to get right .
Even when you feel involved in a conflict , it 's rare that your actions have a feeling of permanence .
" Our philosophy for Guild Wars 2's personal storyline , " says Ree Soesbee , the Lore and Continuity Designer for ArenaNet 's upcoming MMO , " is that most MMOs today look at the world in broad strokes .
They do n't look at the individual player and the contribution they make to the world . "
With Guild Wars 2 , the sequel to the extremely popular almost - MMO game of 2005 and its expansions , Soesbee and ArenaNet want to change that , and they plan to do so through a system they 're calling the ' Personal Story . '
That + thing+is+enormous .+And+awesome .
Although+not+very+hardware+intensive,+the+art+style+is+looking+good .
The personal story is , in a nutshell , the central plot of Guild Wars 2 ( you can read in great detail about it in today 's update to the Guild Wars 2 website ) .
In your standard single - player RPG , you 're typically a character who encounters extraordinary circumstances and has to rise to the occasion and save the planet .
Along the way lots of stuff happens probably involving a meteor or a robot .
In a JRPG it 's usually all crazy and and then you find out that your enemy is also your brother and also the planet and / or a god .
Sure , it 's an acquired taste , but even for all the camp storytelling , you get to know your characters , and the story takes you somewhere interesting .
Somewhere between having a single player and having thousands of players , story usually falls by the wayside and becomes little more than a backdrop .
You 've seen it before – an evil tyrant has taken over the realm , turned thousands into zombies and slain thousands more , so it is your solemn duty to go and collect some eggs from some birds next to that hill , and then deliver a package .
Only on rare occasions do you ever have any true contact with the story of the game , and it almost never leaves a permanent mark .
The personal story hopes to do away with tasks that have no impact on the world and no ties to your character by shaping itself to fit your actions and choices .
"
The personal storyline starts at the very beginning , " Soesbee tells us .
" The minute you create your character , you 're faced with questions about your history , your personality , the hopes your character has .
As you play through the game , your answers to those questions unlock stories that you will encounter and be able to play through . "
The idea is to , from the very start , give your character a reason to adventure through the world that synchronizes with the character you endeavored to create , and for the story to feed off of your choices throughout .
" By the time you 've reached the end of the game and are fighting the epic villains you have a personal reason to be there – personal things that you are protecting or vengeance that you 're seeking – that have come about as a result of this personal story .
" There are not an infinite number of story options , but there are , we are told , plenty .
They do n't just stem from the questions at the start , either , and even those that do can differ greatly depending on various factors .
" We tried to build unique questions into each race to ensure that racially each story can be different .
" Then there is the choice of who to side yourself with in the struggle against evil .
" We give the players the option to join one of three factions in the game and the storylines you will encounter from them will be very different . "
The three factions – The Order of Whispers , The Durmand Priory and The Vigil – each have very different ideas and methods when it comes to dealing with the threat of the Elder Dragon Zhaitan , and your choice will be reflected in how the story ultimately plays out .
" In each storyline we 've made sure to include at least one significant choice that you will make .
" So how does it work ?
As best we can tell without seeing it in action , the core story - component of the game , or at least the important parts , is instanced .
The things that occur for you wo n't necessarily occur for others .
" We did n't want other players to be able to influence your personal story . "
Soesbee tells us .
" The storyline areas are a little different from the open map areas in that way . "
That does n't mean that you can't have your friends with you , of course .
Party members can enter your personal story instance and help you overcome challenges , but their actions in your story - area wo n't influence their story at all .
How varied can one player 's story be from another's ?
" They 'll branch pretty wildly . "
Says Soesbee , citing that even the way players go about defeating the final villain – or even whether or not there will be a final villain , will vary depending on your choices .
On the topic of choice , while you will have some morally grey options at times , you wo n't be able to go all - out evil a la Bioware 's standard morality meter .
" Guild Wars is very confident that our players are heroes . "
Soesbee says .
" Now that said there are a lot of ways to be a hero .
Some of the choices in the story have different ways of handing it . "
Examples she gave included saving a close friend and ally , or saving a village , and evacuating a town full of civilians from the possibility of a dam erupting , or trying to fix the dam yourself .
" Another aspect that sets this system apart from that of a traditional MMORPG is that the personal story has a definite ending that persists .
By that we mean once it 's over , the story is over .
There will still be hundreds of dynamic events to experience , or you could create a brand new character of a difference race , give different answers , make different choices and experience the same game in a completely different way .
Every time we hear something new about Guild Wars 2 we get more and more excited .
We really hope ArenaNet can take all these elements and merge them into a coherent , fun game , and that it 's not all just talk .
We 'll keep you up to date as more Guild Wars 2 news develops .
Perhaps you think I ’m crazy or naive to pose this question .
But more and more the past few months I ’ve begun to wonder if there is a possibility here that this idea may not be too far off the mark .
Not because of some half - baked theory about a global conspiracy or anything of the sort but simply based upon the behavior of many multinational corporations recently and the effects this behavior is having upon people everywhere .
Again , you may disagree but my perspective on these financial giants is that they are essentially predatory in nature and that their prey is any dollar in commerce that they can possibly absorb .
The problem is that for anyone in the modern or even quasi - modern world money is nearly as essential as plasma when it comes to our well - being .
It has been clearly demonstrated again and again — all over the world — that when a population has become sufficiently destitute that the survival of the individual is actually threatened violence inevitably occurs .
On a large enough scale this sort of violence can erupt into civil war and wars , as we all know too well can spread like a virus across borders , even oceans .
Until fairly recently , corporations were not big enough , powerful enough or sufficiently meshed with our government to push the US population to a point of violence and perhaps we ’re not there yet , but between the bank bailout , the housing crisis , the bailouts of the automakers , the subsidies to the big oil companies and ten thousand other government gifts that are coming straight from the taxpayer I fear we are getting ever closer to the brink .
Who knows — it might just take one little thing — like that new one dollar charge many stores have suddenly begun instituting for any purchase using an ATM or credit card — to push us over the edge .
The last time I got hit with one of these dollar charges I thought about the ostensible reason for this — that the credit card company is now charging the merchant more per transaction so the merchant is passing that cost on to you — however this is n’t the whole story .
The merchant is actually charging you more than the transaction costs him and even if this is a violation of either the law or the terms and services agreement between the card company and the merchant , the credit card company looks the other way because they are securing a bigger transaction because of what the merchant is doing thus increasing their profits even further .
Death by big blows or a thousand cuts — the question is will we be forced to do something about it before the big corporations eat us alive ?
" What we need is more programmers who have a patriotic education , who are on the right ideological level , " Mr Zyryanov told The Daily Telegraph .
" Computer games today are part of a vital ideological platform that effects the consciousness of our young people .
They learn history , they adopt values , and it's important that this process is given a pro-Russian background . "
For a long time now I have suspected that calling perl subroutines is slow .
And I could n’t figure out from the language shootout which benchmark tested subroutine calls ( did it use to be Ackermann ? ) so I made up my own benchmark .
Perl in comparison to its closest rival – CPython .
I tested a few things :
First , a loop that does nothing , to see how much is loop overhead
Next a zero parameter function
Then a function called with two integers
And finally , declaring those two integers inline .
I ’m assuming that an optimiser does n’t come along and remove code that does nothing .
From the results , it seems like a safe assumption .
And , I ’m not running benchmarks multiple times or with many iterations because , frankly , I do n’t care that much .
I just want to get an idea as to how Perl stacks up .
Python Code
def f1 ( ) : pass def f2 ( a , b ) : pass # return a , b for i in xrange ( 1 , 10000000 ) : pass # f1 # f2 ( 1 , 2 ) # x , y=1,2
Python Results
$ python -V Python 2.6.5 $ time python ./func.py # ( pass ) real 0m0.722s user 0m0.720s sys 0m0.004s $ time python ./func.py # ( x , y = 1,2 ) real 0m2.030s user 0m2.024s sys 0m0.004s $ time python ./func.py # ( f1 ) real 0m2.265s user 0m2.244s sys 0m0.012s $ time python ./func.py # ( f2 - pass ) real 0m2.885s user 0m2.880s sys 0m0.004s $ time python ./func.py # ( f2 - return a , b ) real 0m3.190s user 0m3.144s sys 0m0.012s
Perl Code
sub f1 { } sub f2 { my ( $ x , $y ) = @_ ; } for ( $ i = 0 ; $ i < 10_000_000 ; ++$ i ) { 1 ; # f1 ( ) ; # f2 ( 1 , 2 ) ; # my ( $x , $ y ) = ( 1 , 2 ) ; }
Perl Results
$ time perl ./ func.pl # ( 1 ) real 0m0.893s user 0m0.888s sys 0m0.004s $ time perl ./ func.pl # ( f1 ) real 0m2.932s user 0m2.924s sys 0m0.004s $ time perl ./ func.pl # ( f2 ) real 0m5.607s user 0m5.580s sys 0m0.004s $ time perl ./ func.pl # ( my ( $x , $y ) ... ) real 0m2.687s user 0m2.672s sys 0m0.008s
Conclusions
A few things jump out at me .
1. 10 million subroutine calls take around a couple of seconds .
Would reducing call speed actually affect any real program much ?
2. Declaring the variables and assigning the values takes almost as long as the empty function call .
3 . Python function calls are faster than perl function calls but it ’s not by enough to worry about .
My next post should hopefully clarify why I was thinking about this .
Green activists using helicopters , divers and rotten butter yesterday confronted Libyan and Italian fishermen to release hundreds of threatened bluefin tuna which they strongly suspect were illegally caught off the Libyan coast .
In the first action of its kind in north African waters , the international crew of the California - based Sea Shepherd Conservation Society released around 800 tuna from a cage being towed behind the Italian trawler Cesare Rustico .
Stocks of bluefin tuna , one of the most valuable but endangered fish in the Mediterranean , have been decimated by ruthless overfishing in the last 20 years to the point where they are now unlikely to survive more than a few more years .
Catches are limited to two weeks of the year and shipowners have been given strict quotas by governments , but with little policing , the industry has been easily able to flaunt the law .
In a statement from the boat , Captain Paul Watson said : " Sea Shepherd 's helicopter reconnaissance flight this morning found two fishing vessels .
One was engaged in transferring bluefin tuna into one of the two nets being towed by the other vessel .
" The captain of the Cesare Rustico said when questioned that the tuna were caught on the morning of the 14th by the Libyan vessel Tagreft .
When we replied that the number of tuna in the cage exceeded the quota for the Tagreft , the captain said the cage also included tuna from seven other Libyan seiners .
All the catches were caught on the 14th , the last legal day , according to the captain .
" The problem with this explanation was that we had observed … weather conditions for those two days made fishing virtually impossible .
" The extremely difficult conditions , coupled with the position of the cages only 40 miles off the Libyan coast , when they should have been moving 25 miles a day , suggested to us that the fish were freshly caught within the last three days at the most . "
The Sea Shepherd , which annually confronts Japanese whalers in the Antarctic waters , then asked to examine the fish for juveniles .
" We were refused .
I then put the bow of the Steve Irwin onto the cage so we could look into the cage from the bow to examine it further .
" Suddenly , the Maltese vessel Rosaria Tuna rammed the Steve Irwin on the aft port side and slid alongside the port rail , as a fisherman tried to violently gaff Sea Shepherd crewmembers with a long , sharp - hooked pole . "
In the ensuing fracas , the Steve Irwin crew crew retaliated throwing rotten butter at the fishermen , and then sent divers into one of the cages to identify the size , age , and quantity of the bluefin tuna caught .
" Once it was clearly established that the cage was overstocked and that a high percentage were juveniles , Sea Shepherd divers freed the 700 - 800 tuna , " said Watson .
" It is our position that the bluefin tuna we freed from that cage held a large number of juveniles and that the fish were caught after the official closure of the season .
It is also our position that the fish that we freed exceeded the quota , " said Watson .
" They shot out of that net like racehorses , " said Canadian cameraman Simon Ager .
Home Secretary Theresa
May outlined the mechanics of scrapping the ID register yesterday as the bill to scrap the programme moved through the Commons .
Speaking at the second reading of the Bill to scrap the scheme , May said the scheme " represents the worst of government .
It is intrusive and bullying , ineffective and expensive .
It is an assault on individual liberty which does not promise a greater good .
" We have no hesitation in making the national identity card scheme an unfortunate footnote in history .
There it should remain - a reminder of a less happy time when the Government allowed hubris to trump civil liberties . "
For added spice she said that one month after Royal Assent , individuals will not be able to use their cards to prove their ID .
Asked by David Blunkett if this meant it would be illegal to use the cards , she said " I did not use the word ' illegal ' , except in relation to those who possess equipment for falsifying documents .
I trust that , as a former Home Secretary , the right hon .
gentleman is not intending to hold equipment for the falsification of documents . "
More tangibly , she said scrapping the plan would save £ 86 m over the next four years , and £ 800 m over the next decade .
The " net cost " of the bill will be £ 5 m this year covering termination of contracts , contacting card holders , and laying off staff that can't redeployed .
" The post of Identity Commissioner will be abolished , " she said .
" The public panels and experts groups that were established by the Identity and Passport Service have already been disbanded , and 60 temporary staff in Durham have already been released early . "
All information in the National Identity Register will be destroyed within two months of Royal Assent .
" Photographs and fingerprint biometrics will be securely destroyed .
This will not be a literal bonfire of the last Government 's vanities , but it will none the less be deeply satisfying .
The national identity register will then cease to exist entirely . "
Alan Johnson , the last Labour Home Secretary , described May 's figures as " utter fantasy " .
" By cancelling the scheme , the Government remove the income stream but leave the cancellation costs , which the taxpayer will be forced to pay , and let us not forget the continuing cost to the economy of fraud , abuse of the NHS , illegal immigration and unauthorised working , " he said .
" The Government will make not a saving , but a substantial loss . "
May also rejected any suggestion that the government was being inconsistent by keeping ID cards for foreign nationals , saying the previous government had only rolled that programme into the National ID scheme to bolster it . ®
SUNDAY AM : Here are Friday , Saturday , weekend , and cume estimates :
1. Pixar / Disney ’s Toy Story 3 is the 3D monster everybody thought it would be with $ 41 million Friday and $ 37 million Saturday and an estimated $ 31M Sunday on 4,028 locations , including 2,463 3D screens ( of which 180 are IMAX which did $ 8.4 M at 180 theaters or 8 % of TS3 overall weekend domestic gross for the biggest IMAX animated film ever and the 5th highest IMAX domestic opener ever ) .
The 3D ticket price advantage made this Pixar ’s biggest , swamping previous Pixar 2D opening weekends , including 2003 Finding Nemo‘s $ 70.2 M and 2004 The Incredibles ‘ $ 70.4 M .
Toy Story 3 will debut to $ 111 M this weekend ( with that fat +46 % admission price which adds about $ 18 M to every $ 100 M of box office gross ) .
But TS3 was still 2nd to Shrek 3 ‘s opening .
“ The Toy Story films are the heart and soul of Pixar , ” said Darla K. Anderson , producer of Toy Story 3 .
Which is why it drew 40 % of its non-family audience from young adults ages 17 - 24 who grew up with the Toy Story characters and Disney targeted them with college screening programs .
Also going for it were brilliant reviews with a Cinema Score of “ A ” and a Rotten Tomatoes tally of “ 99 % ” positive reviews .
Plus , Fathers
Day is a huge moviegoing opportunity for families — “ if you have the right movie , ” a studio exec reminds me .
Which this is , of course .
This threequel gives Pixar / Disney their 11th No. 1 debut , the highest June weekend opening in industry history , and only the 3rd animated film in history with an opening 3 - day weekend of over $ 100 M .
Day and date overseas , Toy Story 3 made $ 44.8 M , representing 25 % of the market , with strong showings in Latin America driven by Mexico , Brazil & Argentina which together earned $ 20 M .
China realized $ 9.5 M , the biggest weekend in history for an animated title in this market .
That puts the pic ’s worldwide cume at $ 153.8 M .
2. Sony Pictures ’ holdover Karate Kid , which has been doing surprisingly strong midweek numbers since school let out , made $ 8.8 M Friday and $ 11.2 Saturday and an estimated $ 8.9M Sunday from 3,663 runs for $ 28.5 M ( and a week ’s drop of only - 48 % ) .
By the end of the weekend , its cume is already $ 106.2 M .
3. Fox ’s The A - Team drops - 46 % from its poor opening a week ago for a $ 4.2M Friday and $ 5.2M Saturday from 3,544 theaters and a $ 13.7 M weekend with cume of $ 49.7 M .
4. Get Him To The Greek ( Universal ) Week 3 [ 2,592 Theaters ]
Friday $ 2M , Saturday $ 2.3 M , Weekend $ 6.1 M , Estimated Cume $ 47.9 M
5. Shrek Forever After 3D ( DWAnimation / Par ) Week 5 [ 3,207 ]
Friday $ 1.6 M , Saturday $ 2.0 M , Weekend $ 5.5 M , Cume $ 222.9 M
6. Prince of Persia ( Disney ) Week 4 [ 2,605 Theaters ]
Friday $ 1.5 M , Saturday $ 2.1 M , Weekend $ 5.3 M , Cume $ 80.5 M
International Cume $ 213.1 M , Worldwide Cume $ 293.6M
7 . By contrast , newcomer Warner Bros’ Jonah
Hex already is such a flop that it ’s not even meeting the studio’s low opening weekend expectation of $ 10 M from 2,825 venues after it was n’t tracking .
My sources say it opened to only $ 1.9M Friday and $ 1.7M
Saturday so it ’s hard - pressed to get to even $ 5 M this weekend .
As one Warner Bros exec said about the lesson learned ; “ You do n’t take a handsome actor and disgfigure him . ”
The studio is so embarrassed that it took great pains to points out that the pic was greenlighted before Diane Nelson took over as DC Entertainment prez .
About the cowboy with the disfigured face and legend that he ca n’t be killed , a minor character in the DC Comics galaxy of stars , Jonah Hex was attempted on the cheap .
The studio claims the final budget was $ 35 M .
UPDATE : But I hear Warner Bros cut the original budget of $ 80 M to $ 40 M right before production with no script changes .
Then the studio did 70 pages of reshoots about 6 months ago .
That may have added another $ 25 M for a new budget of $ 65 M .
Ouch !
As one insider tells me , “ the studio looked at the movie a long time ago and wrote it off ” .
8. Killers ( Lionsgate ) Week 3 [ 2,619 Theaters ]
Friday $ 1.7 M , Saturday $ 1.9 M , Weekend $ 5.1 M , Cume $ 39.3 M
9. Iron Man 2 ( Marvel / Paramount ) Week 7 [ 1,612 Theaters ]
Friday $ 711 K , Saturday $ 1.0 M , Weekend $ 2.6 M , Cume $ 304 M
10 . Marmaduke ( Fox ) Week 3 [ 2,495 Theaters ]
Friday $ 675 K , Saturday $ 1.2M , Weekend $ 2.6 M , Cume $ 27.8 M
In the specialty business , Fox Searchlight platformed Cyrus , which had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival , in 4 theaters — 2 in LA , 2 in NYC — Friday for $ 51 K with a strong per screen average of $ 13 K per theater .
This is the biggest Friday opening of a limited release this year and bodes well for a strong weekend .
Saturday ’s take was $ 70 K , with a per screen average over $ 17 K , or +30 % .
Weekend opening was $ 180 K with a strong average of $ 45,072 per theater .
That average makes it the second biggest limited opening of the year .
Studio plans to expand it June 25th in Boston , Chicago , San Francisco , Washington DC , Austin , and Toronto .
More runs will be added in LA and NY , bringing the total number of theaters to 17 .
It reaches national break in the 5th week of release starting July 16th .
Written and directed by Jay and Mark Duplass , and produced by Fox Searchlight in conjunction with Scott Free ( Tony & Ridley Scott ) , Cyrus was made for a very modest budget of less than $ 7 million and employed improvisational techniques for a cast including John C Reilly , Jonah Hill , Marisa Tomei , and Catherine Keener .
Overall , it looks like a big $ 200 M moviegoing weekend , way up +33 % from last year .
Recent articles published by a variety of Canadian newspapers have promoted chiropractic treatments for children suffering from colic , ear infections , and digestive problems .
These include a Canadian Press piece " Chiropractors treat infants : Gentle touch is key when taking care of babies " as well as an editorial in the Winnipeg Free Press by a chiropractor himself : " Recent results speak for themselves "
Such articles do a great disservice to children , their parents , and the practice of medicine in Canada , as report Clifford W. Beninger and Lauren O’Driscoll of the Centre for Inquiry Committee for the Advancement of Scientific Skepticism in the following article .
There is no reliable evidence to suggest these chiropractic treatments for children are at all effective , and futhermore they are based on a pseudoscientific theory .
In particular , there have been recent publications stating that corrections of spinal " subluxations " ( misalignments of the spine ) , especially of the upper neck vertebrae close to the base of the skull , can dramatically improve ear infections in children ( Doctor of Chiropractic R.Froehle 1996 ) .
However , these " peer - reviewed " studies have been published mainly in non-mainstream chiropractic rather than scientific journals , as they all suffer from serious methodological and analytical problems that ensure they would never be published in reputable journals .
As claimed by Froehle ( 1996 ) , children diagnosed with ear infections who had previously been treated with antibiotics needed more chiropractic " treatments " in order to improve , when compared to children who had no prior exposure to antibiotics .
However , in the words of Froehle herself with regard to this study : " Because the subjects in this study constituted a sample of convenience … no inference regarding extrapolation to the target or general population may be drawn . " ( emphasis ours ) .
In addition , all the treatments in this study were carried out by the same chiropractor , whereas in a proper scientific study this should have been done by a randomly selected group of different chiropractors .
Other studies such as that of Doctor of Chiropractic K. Erickson and colleagues ( 2006 ) as well as L. Saunders ( 2004 ) detail chiropractic treatment of a single patient with ear infection – effectively a sample size of one – which statistically and scientifically means absolutely nothing .
As a result , two recent articles in reputable scientific journals state : " The subcommittee made no recommendations for complementary and alternative medicine as a treatment for OME ( ear infection ) based on a lack of scientific evidence documenting efficacy … " ( medical doctor R. Rosenfeld and colleagues 2004 ) and " Only very few randomized clinical trials of chiropractic manipulation as a treatment for non-spinal conditions exist .
The claim that this approach is effective for such conditions ( as ear infection ) is not based on data from rigorous clinical trials . "
( Professor of Complementary Medicine , E. Ernst 2003 ) .
In the WFP article Dr. Chatzoglou states
Where the article falls short , however , is the author then proceeds to interview so - called experts to provide a counter - point .
Now , these are people who are not chiropractors , have no training in chiropractic and minimal knowledge of chiropractic research , who are of the opinion that there is zero evidence to support these claims
However , sound science and the scientific method ( which generally seem to elude the ability of chiropractors to employ ) , as well as the expert opinion of true medical doctors , are the real cornerstones for the treatment of disease that we have today .
Anyone who attempts to refute this is ignoring the vast body of evidence and , albeit unintentionally , misleading the public .
In the world of mainstream medicine , new treatments undergo a rigorous review process before they are allowed on the market .
If a new treatment or medication is not proven to be effective in carefully controlled clinical trials , then it is not approved for general use .
Unfortunately , as we can see from above , this is not the case with the few published studies on the effectiveness of chiropractic spinal manipulations for the treatment of non-spinal ailments such as ear infections .
In Britain , after considerable scrutiny was placed on the dubious claims made by chiropractors , the General Chiropractic Council , the country ’s regulatory body for chiropractors , recently commissioned a comprehensive report on the scientific evidence for chiropractic care .
Result : for pediatric care , there was good evidence that chiropractic treatment was of no use in the treatment of infant colic , and no reliable evidence at all regarding treatment of ear infections .
It is hardly surprising then that there is no evidence to support treatment of conditions such as ear infections , given that the theory these treatments are based on is unsound .
There is also no good evidence that such subluxations even exist , no plausible mechanism connecting such problems with the immune system ( or any evidence of such a mechanism ) , and no plausible explanation of how spinal manipulations should affect such disparate parts of the body as the ear and the digestive system .
Since the mystic D.D. Palmer founded chiropractic in the 19th century , medical science and biology have made considerable progress in isolating the pathways of disease , and the body ’s response to it .
No such progress has been made in chiropractic theory , which continues to cling to thoroughly outdated " vitalistic " notions .
There is a very real concern that children are being denied the best medical treatment due to the publication ( and public consumption ) of newspaper articles and web sites that make extraordinary claims regarding the use of alternative therapies such as chiropractic for treatment of a host of health problems .
Parents should be as informed as possible when making health decisions for their children and it does not help matters that misinformation is so prevalent in the media today .
Author Bios
Clifford W. Beninger
Clifford W. Beninger grew up in Sudbury , Ontario and completed a H.B.Sc. and M.Sc. in biology at Carleton University and in 1990 began his Ph.D. at the University of Ottawa , but conducted the research at the Canadian Forestry Service natural products lab in Sault Ste Marie Ontario .
Since completion of his Ph.D. in Biology with a specialization in Chemical Ecology , he has worked for the USDA and University of Guelph on a variety of research projects .
He has 31 publications in peer - reviewed journals such as Chemical Ecology , Biochemical Systematics and Ecology and Food Chemistry .
Dr. Beninger currently lives in Ottawa and works as a consultant .
He is a member and science adviser of the Committee for the Advancement of Scientific Skepticism at CFI Canada .
Lauren O’Driscoll
Originally from Calgary , AB. , Lauren O’Driscoll recently completed a BSc degree in criminology and psychology at the University of Toronto and a BSc - Psychology Honours degree at Macquarie University ( Sydney , Australia ) .
She has a number of years of research experience in both academic and clinical settings .
Though her interests are fairly broad ( pertaining to psychology and science more generally ) , Ms. Driscoll ’s research background is primarily within the area of social psycho
logy .
She is a member of the Committee for the Advancement of Scientific Skepticism at CFI Canada .
The Committee for the Advancement of Scientific Skepticism ( CASS ) is a national team which critically examines scientific , technological and medical claims in public discourse .
Working with our expert advisers we address factual inaccuracies and misinformation in public debates by promoting evidence - based science .
To achieve these ends CASS works within the infrastructure of Centre for Inquiry ( CFI ) Canada to co-ordinate campaigns with them and other interested parties .
References
Erickson , K. 2004 .
Case study in integrative medicine : Jared C. A child with recurrent otitis media and upper respiratory illness .
Explore 2 : 235-237 .
Ernst , E. 2003 .
Chiropractic manipulation for non-spinal pain – a systematic review .
The New Zealand Medical Journal .
116 :
Froehle , R.M. 1996 .
Ear infection : a retrospective study examining improvement from chiropractic care and analyzing for influencing factors .
Journal of Manipulative and Physiological Therapies 19:168-177 .
Rosenfeld , R.M. Culpepper , L. , Doyle K.J. , Grundfast , K.M. Hoberman , A. , Kenna , M.A. , Lieberthal , A.S. , Mahoney , M. , Wahl , R.A. , Woods , C.R. and Yawn , B. 2004 .
Clinical practice guideline : Otitis media with effusion .
Otolaryngology –Head and Neck Surgery 130:s95-s118 .
Saunders , L. 2004 .
Chiropractic treatment of otitis media with effusion : a case report and literature review of the epidemiological risk factors that predispose towards the condition and that influence theoutcome of chiropractic treatment .
Clinical Chiropractic 7:168-173 .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Everyone knows by now that BP is still blocking press access to oil - spill sites even though they ’re not supposed to anymore .
I ’ve been blathering about it for weeks , and it ’s been all of three days since four contractors would n’t let me through the Pointe Aux Chenes marina outside Montegut , Louisiana .
And though as of June 16 the federal government was saying helicopters could fly reporters as low as 1,500 feet around spill sites , on June 17 I was on a helicopter that was prohibited from flying below 3,000 feet ( and whose pilot flipped silent birds at the “ military guys ” coming over the radio and hassling him about being in the area at all ) .
But a Louisiana sheriff ’s deputy * pulling over a video camera - wielding private citizen because the head of BP security wanted to ask him some questions is a whole other level of alarming .
Last week , Drew Wheelan , the conservation coordinator for the American Birding Association , was filming himself across the street from the BP building / Deepwater Horizon response command in Houma , Louisiana .
As he explained to me , he was standing in a field that did not belong to the oil company when a police officer approached him and asked him for ID and “ strongly suggest[ed ] ” that he get lost since “ BP does n’t want people filming ” :
Here ’s the key exchange :
Wheelan : “ Am I violating any laws or anything like that ? ”
Officer : “ Um …not particularly .
BP does n’t want people filming . ”
Wheelan : “ Well , I ’m not on their property so BP does n’t have anything to say about what I do right now . ”
Officer : “ Let me explain : BP does n’t want any filming .
So all I can really do is strongly suggest that you not film anything right now .
If that makes any sense . ”
Not really !
Shortly thereafter , Wheelan got in his car and drove away but was soon pulled over .
It was the same cop , but this time he had company : Kenneth Thomas , whose badge , Wheelan told me , read “ Chief BP Security . ”
The cop stood by as Thomas interrogated Wheelan for 20 minutes , asking him who he worked with , who he answered to , what he was doing , why he was down here in Louisiana .
He phoned Wheelan ’s information in to someone .
Wheelan says Thomas confiscated his Audubon volunteer badge ( he ’d recently attended an official Audubon / BP bird - helper volunteer training ) and then would n’t give it back , which sounds like something only a bully in a bad movie would do .
Eventually , Thomas let Wheelan go .
“ Then two unmarked security cars followed me , ” Wheelan told me .
“ Maybe I ’m paranoid , but I was specifically trying to figure out if they were following me , and every time I pulled over , they pulled over . ”
This went on for 20 miles .
Which does little to mitigate my own developing paranoia about reporting from what can feel like a corporate - police state .
The media liaison for the government - run Deepwater Horizon Response Joint Information Center told me BP would get back to me for comment on the incident .
I ’m still waiting .
* Correction / Update :
This story originally stated that a Louisiana state police officer pulled Wheelan over , per Wheelan ’s recounting of the incident .
My apologies to the state police for misreporting their involvement .
After many calls made and messages left , I ’ve finally confirmed that the cop in question was actually a sheriff ’s deputy for Terrebonne Parish .
The deputy was off official duty at the time , and working in the private employ of BP .
Though the deputy failed to include the traffic stop in his incident report , Major Malcolm Wolfe of the sheriff ’s office says the deputy ’s pulling someone over in his official vehicle while working for a private company is standard and acceptable practice , because Wheelan was acting suspicious and could have been a terrorist .
' Good Morning America ' host repeats , nearly verbatim , NYTimes ' inaccurate , discredited report in ' exclusive ' interview today ...
Brad Friedman Byon 6/1/2010 , 6:20 pm PT
As convicted federal criminal and rightwing dirty - trickster James O'Keefe repeated over and again this morning on ABC's Good Morning America , " this is n't about me . "
( Full video at end of article . )
To that end , neither is The BRAD BLOG 's coverage of the scam artists ' phony ACORN videos , or his attempted wiretap plot in a U.S. Senator 's office , or his latest startling exposé for which he 's released video today ( also posted at end of article ) purporting to show that he was allowed a full hour for his lunch break during one of two training days as a U.S. Census worker in April , and even allowed to leave an hour or two early when that day 's training completed ahead of schedule .
( Shocking , I know ! )
Our coverage is n't about him .
Never has been .
We expect partisan scam artists like him , and his employer , rightwing con-man Andrew Breitbart , to get away with whatever deceptive , partisan nonsense they can .
This has always been about the utter failure of the corporate mainstream media in irresponsibly giving them a platform to publicize their propaganda , without even bothering to check any of the facts for accuracy first .
This morning , George Stephanopoulos did exactly that in the introduction to his " exclusive " interview with O'Keefe and Breitbart ( who was on hand to enjoy some of O'Keefe 's spotlight as well , for some reason ) by repeating an inaccurate report from the New York Times nearly verbatim , despite the " paper of record " having corrected at least part of it over two months ago , and despite their Public Editor ( ombudsman ) having been broadly ridiculed for an embarrassing attempt to defend it ...
During the intro to his interview , Stephanopoulos reported :
James O'Keefe became a media sensation after he and a friend posed as a pimp and a prostitute and secretly recorded ACORN workers giving them advice on how to cheat on their taxes .
That phrase mirrors , almost word - for - word , the January 31st NYTimes article which helped kick off
The BRAD BLOG 's months - long exposé of the paper 's repeatedly inaccurate coverage of O'Keefe 's ACORN ' Pimp ' Hoax .
Wrote Jim Rutenberg and Campbell Robertson in the Times on January 31 , 2010 :
Mr. O'Keefe made his biggest national splash last year when he dressed up as a pimp and trained his secret camera on counselors with the liberal community group Acorn - eliciting advice on financing a brothel on videos ...
That phrase , and many others akin to it in the NYTimes reportage , led a reader of The BRAD BLOG to request a correction from the paper .
That request was met with firm resistance , and no small amount of dissembling from the paper 's Senior Editor Greg Brock , as detailed in the series of disturbing emails between the reader , Brock and myself , all published here .
As the Times Public Editor Clark Hoyt was subsequently brought in to arbitrate the issue , supposedly as the paper 's " readers representative " , he infamously defended the NYTimes reports by asserting , to the astonishment of many , in regard to their January 31st story [ emphasis his ] :
The story says O'Keefe dressed up as a pimp and trained his hidden camera on Acorn counselors .
It does not say he did those two things at the same time .
That remarkably lame defense brought calls for the Times to fire Hoyt along with his caricaturized depiction as a weasel in a panel of Tom Tomorrow 's political satire comic strip , The Modern World :
After several months of derision from readers and the blogosphere --- and indisputable proof the paper had gotten the story terribly wrong , that , in fact , O'Keefe neither dressed as , nor " posed as " a " pimp " to secretly record ACORN workers , both Hoyt and the Times issued begrudging and partial corrections to several of their reports --- including the Jan 31st report which Stephanopoulos re-iterated this morning to millions of Americans , almost word - for - word .
So will ABC , like the Times , issue a correction to their reporting ?
We 've contacted them via their webpage to inquire , and will update you if / when we hear back .
For the record , rather than having dressed or even posed as a " pimp " , O'Keefe appeared in all of the ACORN offices as a conservatively dressed law student , telling workers he was the boyfriend of the prostitute , trying to help save her from an abusive pimp .
The famous footage of O'Keefe dressed as a 70 's - era blaxploitation pimp was shot later and deceptively edited into the heavily - doctored videos as released on Breitbart 's site .
Nonetheless , to help promote the absurdly named " ACORN Child Prostitution Investigations " , O'Keefe would appear on Fox " News " and in other outlets dressed in his " pimp " get - up , purporting to have worn it while secretly taping and interviewing ACORN employees .
As to the rest of Stephanopoulos ' " reporting " --- in which he claims the illicitly taped videos " recorded ACORN workers giving them advice on how to cheat on their taxes " --- that 's inaccurate as well .
The workers did not give advice " on how to cheat on their taxes " --- unless by " cheating " , he means being told to pay their taxes , even on money supposedly earned via via prostitution , but specifying the job of the earner as " Performance Artist " on tax forms , since the IRS codes do n't offer an identification number for the job of " Prostitute " .
" What I do is I stand up to power .
My mission is just to expose truth , " O'Keefe is seen announcing during Stephanopoulos ' intro in video shot after his recent federal guilty plea .
His claim " just to expose truth " , of course , has been shown time and again , in official report after official report after official report after official report [ PDF ] to be an absolute lie .
Nonetheless , despite occasionally tough - ish questions today ( most of which O'Keefe simply dodged ) , Stephanopoulos allowed O'Keefe --- even helped him --- to further that fiction to millions of Americans on network television this morning .
Moreover , ABC offered no response to O'Keefe 's latest video from the U.S. Census Bureau .
More responsibly , Washington Post blogger , Ed O'Keefe ( no relation to James ) did so in his own coverage today .
The response is worth reading , as the Bureau 's spokesperson , Stephen Buckner , has clearly been paying attention , even if Stephanopoulos has n't been :
The Census Bureau hired about 600,000 temporary workers to conduct follow up interviews and trained the workers before they began their work .
In a statement , the agency said all workers are instructed to honestly submit time records .
" Workers are instructed to report hours they work , which would include their time traveling to and from training , " said spokesman Stephen Buckner .
" This is no different than the training session that Mr. O'Keefe attended in New Jersey , and during his previous employment with the Census Bureau last year .
In his video , Mr. O'Keefe , an admitted criminal , does not disclose that he previously worked for the Census Bureau for nearly two months in 2009 without incident , allegation or complaint .
" That employment with us was well before his indictment and prior to his conviction of a federal crime last week .
The Census Bureau obviously does not condone any falsifying of or tampering with time sheets by its employees .
We are investigating the allegations in Mr. O'Keefe 's selectively edited video and will take appropriate administrative action with staff as warranted . "
A Census Bureau official also noted that O'Keefe 's decision to videotape the training sessions appears to violate Commerce Department policies against recording conversations .
The chiron for ABC / Stephanopoulos ' segment with hucksters O'Keefe and his employer / hanger - on Brietbart asked : " Journalist or Conservative Activist ? "
The answer to the question , of course , is neither .
James O'Keefe is certainly not a journalist , he 's a political agendist / opportunist , and there is nothing conservative , in the political sense , about breaking federal laws and lying to the public ... Unless , of course , one means " conservative " , in the modern , bastardized sense , as in " George W. Bush was a ' conservative ' " .
P.S. When it was noted that the CA Attorney General found no illegalities by ACORN workers , as seen in O'Keefe 's videos , Breitbart leaped to his employee 's defense by responding deceptively to Stephanopoulos : " Is it illegal to help set up a prostitution ring in every single office ? "
Breitbart 's disingenuous rhetorical question was , of course , an out - and - out lie as well .
The employees did no such thing , despite the way that both O'Keefe and Breitbart attempted to frame the heavily - doctored video tapes .
But that 's what these guys do .
We 've come to expect it by now .
But it would be nice if the so - called legitimate media stopped offering them a platform with which to do it .
CONTACT
ABC 's Good Morning America contact page ...
UPDATE 6/3/10
As they did with our coverage of NYTimes and the ACORN ' Pimp ' Hoax , media watchdog FAIR has now picked up on the above report on ABC and Stephanopoulos , echoing our coverage and offering a few more fact checks as well .
Details here ...
* * *
George Stephanopoulos interviews James O'Keefe and Andrew Breitbart on ABC's Good Morning America today ...
* * *
James O'Keefe 's latest " undercover " hit - video , as released on Andrew Breitbart 's website this morning as well ...
Below is the list of lessons in the Guide to Moral Living in Examples .
Each entry is designed to delight , entertain and introduce you to an unassailable moral philosophy .
Perfect for viewing on your smartphone when you 've been put in a pickle and need sage advice .
For whatever reason , the last great game console to utilize a cartridge over a disc is finding itself in yet another portable form factor , and of course , the Nimbus 64 has been crafted by one of Ben Heck 's most loyal followers .
One cndowning is responsible for this beaut , and it's actually his second homemade portable ; this particular miniaturized Nintendo 64 uses a custom vacuum formed case , D - pads and control sticks from used Game Cube controllers , a Zenith PS1 display and plenty of nuts and bolts that only the hardcore modders in attendance would understand .
Per usual , we 'd recommend heading down to the links below for more details and images , the latter of which are likely to make you exceedingly envious of the DIY skills exhibited here .
For years , Pentagon - backed studies have cautioned that more and more troops are being medicated with antidepressants , sleeping pills and psychotropic medications .
But despite the warnings , it turns out that the data needed to reach any solid conclusions about military pharmaceutical use is n't available .
The military does n't actually keep tabs on the drugs its troops take .
In a report accompanying the 2011 Defense Department authorization bill , the Senate Armed Services Committee noted that the military " has no visibility of pharmacy data for prescriptions dispensed in forward operating areas , " according to NextGov .
The revelation comes mere months after widespread debate over just how many active - duty troops are actually using drugs .
A March hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee ( .pdf ) described reliance on pharmaceuticals as an escalating problem , with Sen.
Jim Webb suggesting that one in six troops was using some kind of medication .
Other committee members cited recent internal Army studies , which apparently concluded that 12 percent of troops in Iraq and 17 percent of troops in Afghanistan had doctor 's orders to take sleeping pills or antidepressants .
But Army brass were quick to dispute those numbers , with Surgeon General Lt. Gen Eric Schoomaker citing markedly smaller figures – 3 to 6 percent of troops on drugs for mental health and stress , and 8.6 percent for depression , anxiety or sleeping problems .
Except that despite all the estimates , it seems like no one actually has any idea which troops – and how many – are taking what .
And the " what " is an issue whose importance seems to elude senators and Army honchos alike .
A doctor 's prescription for sleeping pills is very different than orders to start on antidepressants .
Not only do they imply different underlying health conditions , but the two have vastly different side effects – some of which could be affecting a soldier 's ability to perform in the war zone .
Lumping all the drugs together likely misrepresents the precise nature of the pill - popping problem , and the prevalence of conditions the meds are being used to treat .
It 's a mess of accountability and oversight that , as Sen .
Webb warned at the March hearing , could be a reflection of gaping holes that are even more serious .
" I would say that there is a larger issue in play here that I have a great deal of concern about , " he said .
" And that is the transparency of what is actually happening to our active duty military when they are deployed , whether it is in the context of the combat operations that they are on , the living circumstances that they have in these deployed areas , or issues such as this . "
Photo : U.S. Army
See Also :
If you 're not a citizen of TransQueer Nation , Click Here to Apply for Citizenship .
* Important Note *
This site is free and maintained as a SAFE place .
We reserve the right to decline applications containing any sexually suggestive , explicit and / or derogatory content .
We welcome everyone including : Transgender , Gender Queer , FTM , MTF , Androgynous , Gender Fluid , Non-Binary / Non-Gender Identifying , Transsexual , Pan sexual , Questioning , Queer , Spouses , Partners , Allies , Friends and GLBTQ Supporters .
Sign In to TQ Nation
I still can't sign in .
Cookies may not be enabled in your browser .
You will need to enable them in order to continue .
Email Address Password
CLASHES in southern Kyrgyzstan have spiraled out of control .
Thus far 118 people have been confirmed dead , a further 1,500 as injured , and tens of thousands of ethnic Uzbeks have fled to neighbouring Uzbekistan .
The number of those killed over the past four days are without a doubt significantly higher than these estimates suggest .
Local Muslim custom requires that the dead are buried within 24 hours .
Many people are burying family members immediately without registering their deaths .
Although Uzbeks make up only 15 % of Kyrgyzstan 's population of 5.4 m , most of them live in the southern part of the country , where they make up the majority .
The Fergana Valley , where most of the killing happened , was divided arbitrarily by Stalin in the 1920s among Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan .
As a result , the Kyrgyz Soviet republic was left with a sizeable Uzbek population , the Uzbek Soviet republic with a Tajik population , and so on .
While the Soviet Union existed and the republics were part of the same country , this made little practical difference .
But when the Soviet Union fell apart , these artificially created borders became final , separating newly independent states and fomenting ethnic tensions .
The interim government has been powerless to put an end to the violence .
Roza Otunbayeva , the acting president said that the country needed outside help and appealed to Russia to send peacekeeping troops .
Security officers were given shoot - to - kill orders .
The Russian government initially responded that the violence was an internal affair for Kyrgyzstan to handle on its own and agreed only to send humanitarian aid .
A day later Russia dispatched paratroopers to secure its Kant military base in the northern part of the country .
The United States also has an air base in the north , but has not been invited to intervene with its military forces .
The cause of the rampage involving Kyrgyz and ethnic Uzbeks , which began in Osh , Kyrgyzstan 's second - largest city , remains unclear .
Observers believe that the events were orchestrated by individuals taking advantage of long - standing tensions between the two ethnic groups .
The interim government has blamed ex-president Kurmanbek Bakiyev and his supporters .
It says they instigated the unrest to prevent a national referendum on its proposal for a new constitution , which was scheduled to be held on June 27th .
Mr Bakiyev , who was ousted in a popular uprising in April and now lives in exile , has rejected the charge .
This wave of violence has been shaped by politics .
Mr Bakiyev hails from the south of the country .
His stronghold was in Jalal - Abad , where he still has many supporters .
Ethnic Uzbeks , who play almost no role in Kyrgyzstan 's public life — whether in government , regional administrations , or the military — have tended to prefer the interim government , which has set its sights on turning Kyrgyzstan away from authoritarian presidential rule to a parliamentary republic .
Whatever the cause , the fighting between ethnic Kyrgyz and Uzbeks has been ferocious .
Some eye witnesses claim that the army , which consists mainly of ethnic Kyrgyz , has sided with its kin .
Violence spread to Jalal - Abad over the weekend .
Although atrocities appear to have been committed by both sides , the Kyrgyz quickly gained the upper hand .
Uzbek houses have been looted and set on fire — plumes of smoke are visible for many miles around — women have reportedly been raped , and armed Kyrgyz gangs have been harassing and shooting at Uzbeks .
Gas was shut off in much of Osh , as was electricity in some quarters .
Shops have been ransacked and food has become scarce .
Many ethnic
Uzbeks , mostly women , children and the elderly , have fled the city to the nearby border with Uzbekistan , looking for safety .
According to official Uzbek figures , 32,000 people have so far crossed the border and now live in make - shift tents .
Unofficially , at least 75,000 people are believed to have fled the country .
An NGO based in Uzbekistan says that there are already more than 200,000 Uzbek refugees sheltering there .
“ It is a human - rights disaster in every respect , ” says Andrea Berg , a researcher with Human Rights Watch , a New York - based organisation , who happened to be in Osh when the rioting started .
She says she received many desperate phone calls from people unable to get out of the city because of blockades erected by Kyrgyz gangs .
Those Uzbek women and children who made it are now gathering in different villages along the border and do not know what has happened to their husbands , brothers and fathers .
The current clashes are the worst ethnic violence in Central Asia in 20 years .
In June 1990 clashes between Kyrgyz and ethnic Uzbeks in the Osh region left several hundred people dead .
That conflict was resolved through the quick deployment of Soviet troops .
Its suppression was enforced by Askar Akayev , who ruled as Kyrgyzstan 's president until 2005 , when the “ tulip revolution ” saw him replaced by Mr Bakiyev .
The Problem of Lawns
by Lakis Polycarpou | June 4 , 2010
One of many vivid impressions I have from childhood visits to Cyprus , where my father grew up , is that no one there had a lawn .
In retrospect I can see , of course , that in the hyper - arid , drought - prone climate of a place like Cyprus , widespread use of lawns would have seemed an absurdly extravagant use of scarce resources .
Did the cousins I played with on my visits suffer appreciably from lack of green ?
Not that I could tell .
When we were there we played soccer on dirt lots and hide - and - seek between houses , and no one I know is worse for the wear .
( As compensation , the children of Cyprus eat the best watermelon and drink the best fresh lemonade in the entire world . )
Still , my reaction and surprise was telling .
In the United States , lawns are so ubiquitous that to my young eye ( and many others ) they seemed to be almost a basic human right .
That ’s a serious problem , given the enormous resources that our North American lawn - fetish consumes .
Historically , lawns first became popular among the gentry of Western Europe , where they were managed either as pasture or by labor - intensive hand sheering or scything .
The modern lawn seems to be a deprecated form of the highly manicured English landscape gardens which became popular among the nobility in Britain in the 17th and 18th centuries .
But was n’t until the 19th century with the invention and mass production of the lawnmower that lawns really took off in North America .
Today , American lawns occupy some 30 - 40 million acres of land .
Lawnmowers to maintain them account for some 5 percent of the nation ’s air pollution – probably more in urban areas .
Each year more than 17 million gallons of fuel are spilled during the refilling of lawn and garden equipment — more than the oil that the Exxon Valdez spilled .
Homeowners spend billions of dollars and typically use 10 times the amount of pesticide and fertilizers per acre on their lawns as farmers do on crops ; the majority of these chemicals are wasted due to inappropriate timing and application .
These chemicals then runoff and become a major source of water pollution .
Last but not least , 30 to 60 percent of urban fresh water is used on lawns .
Most of this water is also wasted due to poor timing and application .
Fortunately , there are many alternatives to conventional lawn care .
The lawn care center at Purdue University suggests two paths : “ evolutionary ” and “ revolutionary ” .
In the “ evolutionary ” approach , the homeowner makes some small , modest changes for a big effect .
Such changes include getting an electric or hand lawnmower , planning for more efficient watering and applying less fertilizer and pesticide at more appropriate times .
Of course organic fertilizer is preferable .
The revolutionary approach includes changing the type of grass , interplanting with clover , native landscaping or xeriscaping .
Actually , once you get over the idea of high - maintenance lawn - for - lawn - sake , a whole world of low - maintenance landscaping possibilities opens up–from beautiful , low - maintenance groundcovers like creeping thyme , to trees , shrubs , native grasses , wildflowers or even patios and stone paths .
Or — even more radically , why not grow some food ?
—
Follow Columbia Water Center on Twitter
ClojureCheck is back !
ClojureCheck is back .
It brings specification based testing to Clojure and integrates ( almost ) seamless with clojure .
test .
So what does specification based testing mean and how does it help you ?
Nostalgia
ClojureCheck is one of my oldest Clojure projects .
It started as ClojureTAP -- a testing library producing TAP output .
Later on I started to port QuickCheck to Clojure .
And hence renamed it .
However , I never got really far and things stalled .
I feel very sad about this .
It 's the best documented Clojure project I ever did and it brings up memories from times where todays require system everyone complains about did n't even exist .
So for quite some time now , I had the urge to return ClojureCheck .
I just did n't want to let it rot further .
The Revival
Before I started with the work I had to decide where to hook into .
Originally ClojureCheck was developed more or less in parallel to clojure.contrib.test-is ( now : clojure.test ) .
So it basically contains a similar machinery .
However , clojure .
test is now the de-facto standard being included in Clojure itself .
So there is no reason to do things twice and it hooking into clojure .
test is a no-brainer .
( Very sad : a lot of nice work gets nuked . )
I also did some more research .
I based my original approach too much on QuickCheck .
But this gives raise to some problems .
In particular Haskell has one more dimension of information : the type system .
So you can have one function – arbitrary – which does the right thing depending on the return type you declare .
In Clojure this type of dispatch does not really fly .
Tom Moertel 's LectroTest is written in Perl which is similar to Clojure in terms of dynamism .
I took LectroTest as a source of inspiration for the port to Clojure .
So what is it then ?
So after this rather long introduction : What is ClojureCheck ?
ClojureCheck provides facilities to easily generate random test data , which are then used to „ prove “ certain properties of the code under test .
One can eg. generate test data based on a specification .
Tom Moertel does this for email addresses in his talk on LectroTest .
The Test Case
Let 's use another example from LectroTest : angular - diff .
( ns our.angular.diff ( :use clojure.test ) ( : require [ clojurecheck.core :as cc ] ) ) ( defn angular - diff [ a b ] ( -> ( - a b ) Math/abs ( mod 180 ) ) )
angular - diff returns the smallest angle between two given angles a and b .
So let 's write some tests .
( deftest angular - diff - test ( are [ a b r ] ( = ( angular - diff a b ) r ) 0 0 0 90 90 0 ) ( are [ a b r ] ( = ( angular - diff a b ) r ) 0 45 45 45 0 45 ( is ( = ( angular - diff 0 270 ) 90 ) " Should return the smallest angle " ) ( let [ a ( * 360 2 ) b ( * 360 4 ) ] ( is ( = ( angular - diff a ( + b 23 ) ) 23 ) " multiples of 360 degrees should n't matter " ) ) ) )
And fire :
our.angular.diff= > ( run-tests ) Testing our.angular.diff
Ran 1 tests containing 4 assertions .
0 failures , 0 errors .
{ : type : summary , : test 1 , : pass 4 , : fail 0 , : error 0 }
Yeah !
The world is good !
The Evil Counterexample
Is it ?
Let 's apply ClojureCheck to our test problem .
We want to generate the problems .
So as Tom Moertel says in his talk : we need needles and an easy way to spot them .
We guess some arbitrary angle a .
Now just taking a second angle b would n't help as very much .
So we have somehow to work our way backwards : from the solution to the input .
So next we guess our result : diff .
When we feed angular - diff with a and (+ a diff ) the expected result is diff .
However adding multiples of 360° do n't change things .
So we guess a winding count n and also add it .
So whenever `( angular - diff a (+ a (* n 360 ) diff ) ) ≠ ( Math / abs diff ) ` we found our needle !
So let 's see how we can cast this in code .
( deftest angular - diff - property ( cc/ property " angular diff returns the smallest angle between a and b " [ a ( cc / int ) n ( cc / int ) diff ( cc/int :lower - 180 : upper 180 ) ] ( let [ b ( + a ( * n 360 ) diff ) ] ( is ( = ( angular - diff a b ) ( Math / abs diff ) ) ) ) ) )
And now let 's run our test :
our.angular.diff= > ( run-tests ) Testing our.angular.diff FAIL in ( angular - diff - property ) ( core.clj:305 ) falsified ' angular diff returns the smallest angle between a and b' in 3 attempts inputs where : a = 1 n = - 1 diff = 1 failed assertions where : expected : ( = ( angular - diff a b ) ( Math / abs diff ) ) actual : ( not ( = 179 1 ) ) Ran 2 tests containing 5 assertions .
1 failures , 0 errors .
{ : type : summary , : test 2 , : pass 4 , : fail 1 , : error 0 }
Dang ! :(
The world is bad .
The Fix
But we should n't think like this .
The world is not bad !
We are just too stupid .
We should be happy about the failing test , because it tells us , that we did a mistake in our code .
And a mistake is always an occasion to learn .
( Oh , dear .
The QA guy shines through … )
So to fix our function we have to adapt for angles where the difference is greater than 180° .
( defn angular - diff [ a b ] ( let [ diff ( -> ( - a b ) Math / abs ( mod 360 ) ) ] ( if ( > diff 180 ) ( - 360 diff ) diff ) ) )
Now a test run should look like this :
our.angular.diff= > ( run-tests ) Testing our.angular.diff
Ran 2 tests containing 5 assertions .
0 failures , 0 errors .
{ : type : summary , : test 2 , : pass 5 , : fail 0 , : error 0 }
Upshot
Testing systems with random input can help .
It depends on how you do it .
In particular stimulating the system with random input of a pre-defined structure can help finding edge cases hidden deep in the logic .
For unit testing it can help to find blind spots in the input coverage .
But with carefully designed tests there might not be any improvements at all .
So in the end : YMMV .
Will a pill be able to give us courage ?
Scientists discover the secret to the feeling of fear
The researchers discovered which parts of the brain reacted to fear by using MRI scans
A pill that gives cowards courage could be in the pipeline .
Scientists have pinpointed an area of the brain that is vital in overcoming fear .
A drug that activates these brain cells could help people face their phobias , from spiders to heights to public speaking .
Researchers looked at how the brain reacts to ophidiophobia – fear of snakes .
Volunteers with and without a fear of snakes had their brains scanned as they watched either a cuddly toy bear or a live snake move past them on a conveyer belt .
A touch of a button brought the bear or snake closer – or moved them away .
A region called the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex , which helps us process emotions , lit up when those who were scared of snakes exhibited bravery by moving the snake closer to them .
And the bigger their fear of snakes , the greater the activity in the region , the journal Neuron reports .
Researcher Dr Yadin Dudai , of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel , said the results had shone a light on the basis of courage .
They also ‘ point to the possibility of manipulating subgenual anterior cingulate cortex activity in therapeutic intervention in disorders involving a failure to overcome fear ’ .
Previous research has shown that the stress hormone cortisol can make the difference between being a hero or a coward .
Those who rise to the challenge do not experience the cortisol rush of those who fall to pieces when the going gets tough .
When U.S. psychiatrists subjected soldiers to concentration camp simulations and other extremely stressful situations they found that those who remained calm made less cortisol .
They also made more neuropeptide Y , a compound that counteracts the effects of cortisol .
The Israeli study has caught the eye of the U.S. military , who believe it could be used to create the perfect soldier .
Using the right cocktail of supplements , steroids and mind exercises , it might be possible to turn run -of - the - mill recruits into heroes .
An estimated 16 million Britons suffer from phobias .
William Allen Kruse , 55 , a charter boat captain recently hired by BP as a vessel of opportunity out of Gulf Shores , Ala. , died Wednesday morning before 7:30 a.m. of a gunshot to the head , likely self - inflicted , authorities said .
" He had been quite despondent about the oil crisis , " said Stan Vinson , coroner for Baldwin County , which includes Gulf Shores .
Kruse , who lived with his family in nearby Foley , Ala. , reported to work Wednesday morning as usual at the Gulf Shores Marina on Fort Morgan Road in Gulf Shores , Vinson said .
He met up with his two deckhands at his boat , The Rookie .
One of the deckhands later told Vinson that Kruse seemed his usual self , sending them to fetch ice while he pulled the boat around to the gas pumps .
As the deckhands walked off to get ice , they heard what sounded like a firecracker , Vinson said .
They turned around but did n't see anything out of the ordinary .
So they proceeded to gather the ice and wait for Kruse at the pumps .
" He never showed , " Vinson said .
Ten years on from the revelation that scientists had cracked the human genome , the phenomenal capacity of modern computers is starting to exploit the potential of that discovery for the fight against disease
A 20ft banner hangs down a high , wood - panelled wall in the lofty entrance of the Sanger Institute in Cambridgeshire .
With its delicate bands of pink , grey and green , it looks like a enormous , abstract watercolour .
Closer inspection reveals its true nature , however .
Those pale stripes are made up of streams of different coloured letters .
More than a million – 1,346,000 to be precise – are printed on the banner .
And not just any old letters .
Only As , Cs , Gs and Ts , each representing one of the chemical bases of DNA , the stuff of our genes , are inscribed there .
This is no giant " watercolour " , but a print - out of part of an X - chromosome , one of the packets of genetic material that lie curled within our cells and which direct chemical operations inside our bodies .
However , it is the size , not the content , of the banner that makes it so remarkable – for it turns out those letters represent only a small section of an X - chromosome .
A read - out of a whole one would require a further 114 banners , each crammed with more than a million letters .
And that is just the start .
To display the letters that make up all 23 pairs of chromosomes in the human genome would require a staggering 2,226 banners .
The institute would look like a wallpaper factory during a clearance sale .
And that is why the Sanger banner is so important .
It vividly demonstrates the human genome 's extraordinary complexity and puts into perspective the remarkable effort that went into its unravelling .
That task was completed in June 10 years ago when the genome 's first rough draft was published .
This success was hailed as one of the greatest achievements of modern science , a point that was emphasised this month when US biologist Craig Venter revealed that he had assembled an entire computer - generated synthetic genome – not of a human but of a synthetic " bug " – and inserted it into bacteria which had then begun to replicate .
Geneticists were playing at God , claimed newspaper headlines .
This is an exaggeration , but Venter 's success does demonstrate how much genetics has changed in the past two decades .
This is no longer a lab - bench science that relies on test tubes and pipettes to study living organisms .
Instead , it has become utterly dependent on the swelling power of the microprocessor .
Look at that banner of genetic data .
It could not have been generated without the staggering capacity of modern computers .
The Sanger Institute employs more than 800 scientists and is devoted to the study of biology .
Yet its banks of computers now rival those built by Cern in Switzerland to analyse results from the myriad particle collisions produced by its Large Hadron Collider .
Each sequencing machine at the centre generates strips of letters from small pieces of DNA and this data is then processed by computers to produce a read - out of a full genome – of a human , or an animal like a dog or a bacterium .
It took almost a decade of processing DNA this way in the 90s to help to produce the 3 billion letters that made up the first sequenced human genome .
By 2008 , the institute was processing data at a rate of 100 million letters a day , roughly a genome a month , says Phil Butcher , head of IT at the Sanger .
" Today , we can handle so much data that we are producing a couple of genomes every 24 hours , " he says .
" And , of course , we are making improvements all the time . "
So vast is the institute 's array of computers that it is planning to build its own 2.5MW power station , a combined heat and power unit , which will generate electricity for them .
Biology has become as reliant on computer power as hard sciences like particle physics or astronomy .
It is an astonishing transformation .
The question is : how did it happen ?
More to the point , what has it achieved so far and what is it likely to achieve in the near future ?
Chronic myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells that usually occurs in the middle - aged and elderly .
It is triggered by a genetic mutation which interferes with chemical messages that help to control cell division , leading to the uncontrolled growth of white blood cells .
In the past , prognosis was poor – survival periods of around five months were typical .
However , prospects for patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia have changed dramatically in recent years , thanks to doctors ' new understanding of the human genome , according to Dr David Adams , a Sanger Institute geneticist and cancer expert .
" The drug that has changed everything is called Gleevec , " he says , " and it was derived from our new , computer - driven understanding of the genome . "
By studying a key section of the human genome , scientists realised that a mutation there produces a specific protein ( called " bcr-abl " ) which in turn triggers a cascade of chemical reactions in a patient 's body that results in chronic myeloid leukaemia .
Awareness of the protein's role allowed scientists to develop a drug that could block its activity and so halt the proliferation of white blood cells .
" Patients who have the specific mutation that causes chronic myeloid leukaemia will respond to the use of Gleevec and will go into remission quite profoundly , " says Adams .
" It was understanding the specific genetics of this disease that led to the realisation this drug could help . "
It is an encouraging tale that has since been repeated for several other genome - driven anti-cancer drugs , although it is important to note , says Adams , that the success of these drugs is hit and miss – sometimes they produce no effect .
But when they do have an impact , it is invariably profound .
This has important consequences , he argues .
In the next 10 years , once computing power has reached the stage when it will become possible to provide full read - outs , easily and cheaply , of everyone 's genome , doctors will be able to determine exactly who will benefit from specific cancer drugs and who will not .
Similarly , other types of medicine will have their efficacy judged in advance .
" If you had the full genome sequence of everyone , you would know exactly who will respond to a drug and who will not .
It will be of enormous benefit , " says Adams .
That goal , although distant , does reveal the importance of scientists ' current obsession with decoding not just a single genome but of generating thousands of different ones , a task that now absorbs a host of follow - on projects , including the Cancer Genome Project , the 1,000 Genomes Project and others ; these require the constant running of the institute 's huge rooms of computers .
By pinpointing changes in a few base pairs possessed by some individuals and not by others , scientists can discover why the former group might be prone to a particular disease but not the latter .
Another example is provided by Crohn 's disease , an extremely painful inflammatory disease of the intestines whose origins have , until recently , defied the attention of scientists .
" In the last two years , genome - wide studies at several centres have pinpointed around 30 genes that have variants involved in Crohn 's disease , " says Nicole Soranzo , who works in the gleaming Sanger labs on the genetics of complex diseases .
" This is important because these genes reveal the pathways that lead to Crohn 's and are now allowing drug companies to test their different drugs in order to find one that could block that pathway . "
If nothing else , these examples show that the sequencing of the human genome is already having a medical impact , particularly in the case of cancer treatment but that the real improvements still remain out of a reach , a point acknowledged by Sir Mark Walport , director of the Wellcome Trust , which funds the Sanger Institute .
" At the start , there was a tendency to say the project would solve all of humankind 's evils .
However , it has taken longer than everyone expected so there has been a backlash , " Walport says .
" The reality is somewhere in the middle .
No , we can not yet read our own genomes , but we are discovering networks of genes that influence people 's tendencies to develop diabetes , multiple sclerosis and common obesity , which we all hope will be turned into new therapeutic opportunities . "
This will not be an easy task .
Pick any two individuals at random and you will find 99.9 % of their DNA is identical .
" Two genomes typically differ by one base in 1,000 or around 3 million bases in total , " says Sanger scientist Dr Chris Tyler - Smith .
That arithmetic means that if you want to pinpoint where an A base is substituted for a G in a gene , making a person prone to diabetes or obesity , then hundreds of genomes will have to be compared , each one made up of billions of letters .
Only staggering computing power will provide that delicate , elusive information .
Most scientists believe this goal can be achieved though there is a danger , says Sir John Sulston , the Nobel prize - winner and former head of the Sanger Institute , that researchers will get lost in the technology and data - crunching .
" At the end of the day , we need to keep a perspective on what we do and need to think about the biology involved in our work .
Computers are just the means to an end .
We should not forget that . "
This point is acknowledged by scientists , although they remain confident of success .
" Yes , looking for a couple of bases among billions is daunting , especially when you are dealing with hundreds of genomes , " adds Walport .
" This is a huge informatics challenge but we are dealing with it .
We should look at this as a fantastic , mind - boggling phase of scientific discovery . "
These photos are ads in the West Bank promoting the idea of one democratic state .
The big wide one says the two - state - solution is impossible and the one - state - solution inevitable .
These ads have been popping up in Ramallah for weeks at different billboard locations .
The group behind them is indicated as " al - Takamol : for the one state solution " .
I have been trying to see who ’s behind it ; I asked people but they do n’t know ; a friend and I hypothesized that it ’s the PA ’s idea , a way of blackmailing Israel into negotiating the two state solution with a modicum of integrity and speed .
Maybe someone can do the detective work ?
Weiss : I asked Ali Abunimah , who responds , " I ’ve seen these and posted one on my blog but I do not know who is doing it .
They won the Olympic hockey bet but lost big time otherwise .
Canadians Matthew Seifert , 26 , and Ryan Smith , 25 , were watching the Vancouver Olympics men ’s hockey gold medal game between Canada and the U.S. on Feb. 28 at a bar in La Quinta , Calif .
The two men live in southern California .
They were drinking and cheering for their home team when they made a bet with other bar patrons that if the Canadian team won , they would replace the U.S. flag posted on the top of a nearby mountain with a Canadian flag .
Canada won and the two ecstatic fans , as a prank , swapped the American flag with a Canadian one .
On June 10 , they pleaded not guilty to misdemeanour charges of vandalism and public trampling or mutilation of the flag .
“ I do n’t think they knew what they were doing , ” said an employee at the Beer Hunter Sports Pub & Grill , where the two young men watched the hockey final .
“ It was a lot of people and many bets in the bar that evening . ”
Seifert and Smith climbed a steep , craggy mountain known as Point Happy to replace the flag .
The American flag was torn and left wadded up in a ball with a rock placed on top of it , according to court documents .
The two were charged on Feb. 28 .
According to local reports , the American flag had been posted at Point Happy by Mayte Sterling , a local resident , in honour of those who died during the Sept. 11 2001 terrorist attacks .
Sterling told local television station KPSP that the flag , which she changes every six months with a new one donated by Wal - Mart , has personal meaning to her and the entire neighbourhood .
It was placed on that particular mountaintop as it is a common hiking area for her .
Seifert and Smith told court they did n’t mean any disrespect and admitted they had been drinking heavily that evening , according to KPSP .
Seifert , from Alberta , and Smith , from Ontario , are due back in court on June 29 for a pretrial hearing .
If convicted , they could face up to a year in jail .
The Army has awarded a $ 517 million , five - year contract to Northrop Grumman to build the Long Endurance Multi-Intelligence Vehicle , which would provide commanders with real time intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance information from 20,000 feet .
NAPLES , Italy —
The Army ’s newest aircraft looks more like a Thanksgiving Day parade reject than the latest weapon against insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan .
But the Long Endurance Multi-Intelligence Vehicle is expected to provide commanders with real - time intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance information , all from 20,000 feet .
The $ 517 million , five - year contract to build up to three blimplike LEMVs was awarded to Northrop Grumman by the U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command / Army Forces Strategic Command .
While company officials would n’t provide a solid launch date , they said the first one should be floating over the skies of Afghanistan in about 18 months .
The airship is the size of a football field , with a shell made of a soft fabric .
While still in the testing phase , the craft would carry around 2,500 pounds of gear such as video , radar and sight sensors and stay deployed for 21 days .
It can be piloted or function as an unmanned vehicle operated from a ground station .
The shell has a projected life span of at least five years , while hard parts can be overhauled and maintained like any other aircraft .
“ We see it as an unblinking eye ” that provides constant surveillance of an area , said Marty Sargent , LEMV project manager for the Army .
It would take about 12 Predator aircraft constantly moving in and out of a particular surveillance area to provide the same amount of data as one deployed LEMV , Sargent estimated .
The electronic systems on board are based on an open architecture design , meaning operators could plug - and - play other devices into the craft ’s systems .
“ That gives the Army 100 percent flexibility to plug - and - play systems at will , ” said Kelly Whalen , head of strategy development for Northrop Grumman .
“ We consider that to be important .
As the system is located in whatever theater the Army desires , they ’re able to snap anything on in there as technology matures , quickly and easily . ”
The Army plans to operate the LEMV in the unmanned mode while deployed downrange .
It does n’t carry any defensive weapons so it will have to be based in a relatively secure location .
At a top speed of 80 knots , it could be “ vulnerable if it ’s in the wrong neighborhood , ” according to company officials .
Full testing of LEMV will be done in the U.S.
Then it will be flown to the Middle East under manned flight , when deployed .
novakl@estripes.osd.mil
Human evolution presents a puzzle .
Nothing seems to explain the sudden takeoff of the last 45,000 years — the conversion of just another rare predatory ape into a planet dominator with rapidly progressing technologies .
Once " progress " started to produce new tools , different ways of life and burgeoning populations , it accelerated all over the world , culminating in agriculture , cities , literacy and all the rest .
Yet all the ingredients of human success — tool making , big brains , culture , fire , even language — seem to have been in place half a million years before and nothing happened .
Tools were made to the same monotonous design ...
The latest ( and certainly not last ) IMF portion of the European bail out is E220 billion , or $ 287 billion at today 's exchange rate .
As the US and its taxpayers represent roughly 20 % of total IMF funding , today 's 3 % loss in dollar purchasing power to the middle class will cost the middle class $ 57 billion .
Paying for the privilege of being able to purchase less sure sounds like a squid - pro-quo type of deal for us here .
Politicians everywhere applaud this most recent rape of America 's working class , even as communism is now the global ideology .
Who needs The Onion.com when reality is now 10 times more surreal .
And the direct recipients of taxpayer generosity : SocGen , AXA , Dexia , CA and all other French and German banks , which right now are all up ~ 20 % .
Koi pond
Click to feed the fish !
( You may need to enable external scripts or Flash in your browser to see this feature . )
( CNN ) -- Paul Gray , the bassist for the Grammy - winning metal band Slipknot , was found dead Monday morning in his Des Moines , Iowa , hotel room , according to police .
He was 38 .
Gray 's body was found by staff members at the TownePlace Suites , said Sgt. Dave Disney of the Urbandale Police Department .
An autopsy , including toxicology tests , will be performed Tuesday , Disney said .
Gray was arrested in Iowa in 2003 on drug possession charges when police found small amounts of marijuana , two syringes and a substance that field - tested positive for cocaine after he was involved in a wreck with another motorist .
Slipknot -- whose fans are affectionately known as " Maggots " -- was formed in Des Moines in late 1995 and became immediately recognizable for the dark and often grotesque homemade Halloween masks its nine members wore on stage .
The band won a Grammy award in 2006 for best metal performance for " Before I Forget . "
Slipknot 's self - titled debut album went platinum in 2000 .
Its fourth album , " All Hope is Gone , " spent 69 weeks on Billboard 's Top 200 charts , debuting at No. 1 its first week in 2008 .
Despite New York possessing the demographics , infrastructure , history and desire to support a stateside return , Formula 1 announced this week the next U.S. Grand Prix is headed to Texas .
Here 's how — and why — New York get screwed .
Advertisement
BREAKING : Formula 1 Coming To Austin The U.S. Grand Prix is back .
Austin , Texas will serve as the host city of the Formula 1 United … Read more
Advertisement
The last American Formula One race was the 2007 F1 U.S. Grand Prix at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , the location where the series had a turbulent and unsuccessful seven - year stay .
Prior to that , the race was held on a number of street courses in cities like Las Vegas and Detroit .
The historic home of stateside F1 is Watkins Glen International in upstate New York , where the race was run from 1961 to 1980 .
As recently as May 5th , it seemed like F1 was set to return to the New York area .
Formula One Management , Ltd. — the company that manages and licenses the sport — announced a track layout for the U.S. Grand Prix in Jersey City , New Jersey .
Jersey City 's mayor quickly put the kibosh on those plans after local community groups objected .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But that was n't the only bright hope for New York .
A letter from Ari Straus , president of the Monticello Motor Club , located a couple hours North of the city , was leaked to the press three weeks later .
In it , Straus revealed that F1 CEO Bernie Ecclestone and chief track designer Hermann Tilke visited Monticello in hopes of using the facility for an upcoming event .
Advertisement
In the letter , Straus detailed how close he was to sealing the deal :
Since receiving a letter of understanding from [ Formula One Management ] confirming their hope to bring the U.S. Grand Prix to Monticello , Bill and I have continued to secure the backing and support of local , state , and federal politicians and organizations .
Advertisement
Jalopnik had arranged to speak with MMC about their plans for Formula 1 well ahead of Tuesday 's Austin announcement .
Advertisement
Straus told us he was as shocked as everyone else about the Austin selection , especially given how much New York had to offer in terms of demographics ( large , diverse population center ) , the infrastructure needed for international travelers ( more than one mid-sized airport , trains , public transit ) and an existing ( or somewhat , in the case of Jersey City ) course .
" Formula One , in my opinion , still belongs in New York , " he said , adding that he was still happy to see F1 in the United States and honored to have MMC seriously considered for the location .
Advertisement
A source close to the negotiations was also stunned by the announcement , saying that " Bernie has said to everyone who would listen , anytime there was an open mic , that he wanted to be in New York ...
It 's wild .
Who in a million years would guess it ?
[ Out of ] all the cities in North America , Austin would be 197th on the list . "
Meet Tavo Hellmund
Advertisement
The mystery man behind the deal to bring the Grand Prix to Austin is Tavo Hellmund , a race - car driver and managing partner of a mostly unknown marketing company called Full Throttle Productions .
The Austinite raced in Europe as part of the British Vauxhall and Formula 3 series , including nabbing a third place at Snetterton , England in 1995 .
He 's also old friends of Ecclestone .
A 1995 article in the Austin American Statesman says Hellmund ran out of money in his pursuit to be the first American to win a Formula 3 championship .
'' It 's frustrating , '' he said .
'' You work your rear off putting things together on and off the track , but you still fall short financially . ''
He eventually moved to the NASCAR Grand National series and co-founded Full Throttle .
Advertisement
People we spoke with said Tavo was the main driving force behind the move , somehow jumping from producing NASCAR Grand National short - track event to producing an event for the biggest car - racing series in the world , one that involves a purpose - built racing facility that will cost upwards of $ 250 million .
The key to Hellmund 's victory over New York appears to be a mixture of yet - unnamed private backers and total acquiescence from all levels of government , something F1 could n't get in New Jersey .
Texas 's governor , the state comptroller , and the mayor of Austin were all enthusiastically on board .
" This was driven entirely by Full Throttle Productions and their CEO , " says Matt Curtis , a spokesman for Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell .
" Tavo had a longstanding relationship with the State of Texas and with the comptroller 's office , and then brought the city of Austin into the conversation about six weeks ago . "
Advertisement
Both Hellmund and his company declined to comment , citing the overwhelming amount of media inquiries , but the former did tell the Statesman that his company spent $ 1 million just to bid for the U.S. Grand Prix , and that they 'd make it happen without state or local funding — although Austin 's Matt Curtis says local governments can apply to the Texas Major Events
Fund to offset their own costs related to preparing Austin for the race and reports suggest they 've been promised up to $ 25 million a year in support .
Advertisement
He also responded in advance to critics who might say Austin lacks the proper infrastructure or fanbase for the sport .
" Austin is more of an F1 crowd than a NASCAR crowd , " Hellmund told the Statesman .
" The geography , the tech money , the nightlife , the music .
It all just fits with what Formula One is all about . "
Monticello's Straus still is n't convinced that Formula One made the right choice .
" I 'll get to see Bernie [ this weekend ] and I 'll congratulate him , " he said .
" But I 'll let him know that he made a mistake , and that Formula One still belongs in New York . "
Advertisement
Still , it sounds as though Bernie 's likely got 25 million reasons for his decision .
Photo Credit : Brian K. Diggs / AMERICAN-STATESMAN , Mark Thompson / Getty Images , Paul Gilham / Getty Images , Clive Mason / Getty Images
New research shows a possible explanation for the link between mental health and creativity .
By studying receptors in the brain , researchers at the Swedish medical university Karolinska Institutet have managed to show that the dopamine system in healthy , highly creative people is similar in some respects to that seen in people with schizophrenia .
High creative skills have been shown to be somewhat more common in people who have mental illness in the family .
Creativity is also linked to a slightly higher risk of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .
Certain psychological traits , such as the ability to make unusual pr bizarre associations are also shared by schizophrenics and healthy , highly creative people .
And now the correlation between creativity and mental health has scientific backing .
" We have studied the brain and the dopamine D2 receptors , and have shown that the dopamine system of healthy , highly creative people is similar to that found in people with schizophrenia , " says associate professor Fredrik Ullén from Karolinska Institutet 's Department of Women 's and Children 's Health .
Just which brain mechanisms are responsible for this correlation is still something of a mystery , but Dr Ullén conjectures that the function of systems in the brain that use dopamine is significant ; for example , studies have shown that dopamine receptor genes are linked to ability for divergent thought .
Dr Ullén 's study measured the creativity of healthy individuals using divergent psychological tests , in which the task was to find many different solutions to a problem .
" The study shows that highly creative people who did well on the divergent tests had a lower density of D2 receptors in the thalamus than less creative people , " says Dr Ullén .
" Schizophrenics are also known to have low D2 density in this part of the brain , suggesting a cause of the link between mental illness and creativity . "
The thalamus serves as a kind of relay centre , filtering information before it reaches areas of the cortex , which is responsible , amongst other things , for cognition and reasoning .
" Fewer D2 receptors in the thalamus probably means a lower degree of signal filtering , and thus a higher flow of information from the thalamus , " says Dr Ullén , and explains that this could a possible mechanism behind the ability of healthy highly creative people to see numerous uncommon connections in a problem - solving situation and the bizarre associations found in the mentally ill .
" Thinking outside the box might be facilitated by having a somewhat less intact box , " says Dr Ullén about his new findings .
Publication : ' Thinking Outside a Less Intact Box : Thalamic Dopamine D2 Receptor Densities Are Negatively Related to Psychometric Creativity in Healthy Individuals ' , Örjan de Manzano , Simon Cervenka , Anke Karabanov , Lars Farde & Fredrik Ullén , PLoS ONE , online 17 May 2010 .
Enlarge By Rogelio V. Solis , AP Constance McMillen , 18 , sued the school district after the board called off the prom because she wanted to bring a same - sex date .
JACKSON , Miss .  Constance McMillen started the month graduating from a strange high school in tears .
She will end it meeting President Obama , attending a benefit concert with pop legend Ronnie Spector and marching in a New York City parade .
It 's been that kind of year for the openly gay 18 - year - old who made national news when her Fulton , Miss. , high school canceled its prom after she asked to bring her girlfriend .
McMillen will attend a White House reception Tuesday for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender citizens from around the nation in recognition of gay pride month .
ON DEADLINE : Officials deny steering lesbian teen to ' sham prom ' TV : Gay teen gets $ 30,000 on ' Ellen ' The White House confirmed Friday that Obama will host the event and is expected to deliver brief remarks .
After the prom controversy , McMillen said , she faced a hostile environment from her peers and transferred out of her northeast Mississippi school district to a school 200 miles away in Jackson .
She said she broke down in tears at the graduation ceremony .
" I did n't really want to walk , but I did it for my parents , " she said .
" My name was n't on the program . "
On Friday , McMillen will be the guest of honor at a benefit concert in Woodstock , N.Y. , with Spector , best known for her hits with the Ronettes in the early 1960s .
The money raised will go toward McMillen 's college education and the American Civil Liberties Union 's Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgender Project and AIDS Project .
Two days later , she will be in New York City as one of the grand marshals in the city 's gay pride parade .
" I 'll never get my senior year back , " she said .
" But the experiences that I have had because of this have really made it a lot easier .
It has really helped me . "
Christine Sun , an ACLU attorney who is representing McMillen in a lawsuit against the school district , said , " She has been able to handle this adversity with incredible grace and dignity . "
McMillen sued the district after the school board called off the prom .
A federal judge agreed the district had violated her constitutional rights .
As rumors of parent - sponsored dances swirled around the city of 3,900 , the district sent a letter to McMillen 's lawyer steering her toward a party at a country club .
McMillen arrived to find fewer than 10 other students there .
Most of her classmates were at a separate party .
" For any teenager , that has to be a traumatic experience , " Sun said .
McMillen plans to attend community college in Memphis this fall and transfer to the University of Southern Mississippi to get a degree in psychology .
Joyner reports for The ( Jackson , Miss . ) Clarion - Ledger .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Red " only ever chooses to let out his mates "
Red has been unlocking his kennel using his nose and teeth before releasing his favourite canine companions .
Staff at the south London animal shelter decided to install cameras after arriving each day to find food everywhere and dogs running amok .
The lurcher 's kennel has now been made more secure to stop him escaping .
Liz Emeny , from the home , told BBC News Online the most dogs Red had ever released in one night was nine .
Red 's kennel has now been made more secure
" For the last two weeks staff have been arriving every morning to a complete mess with dogs and food everywhere , " she said .
" He [ Red ] only ever chooses his mates to let out , with Lucky the dog , who he was found with , being the first to be freed .
" We do n't have CCTV cameras in the corridor so could n't work out how he was doing it so we asked a film company to set up some cameras . "
The three - year - old lurcher has been at the home since June after being handed into a London police station in an emaciated state .
" Lurchers are n't usually known for their intelligence but Red is such an inquisitive dog and would be so easy to train , " Ms Emeny added .
Dozens of workers gathered in clumps shortly before sunset on Thursday in front of the sprawling parts factory and outspokenly criticized local authorities for seeming to side with the company .
Image
The workers , nearly 2,000 in all , have been holding meetings to discuss who would be able to best represent them .
Credit ... Ariana Lindquist for The New York Times
The workers said that large numbers of police officers had been positioned in the factory on Wednesday and Thursday in an attempt to intimidate them .
The two other Honda parts factories shut down by walkouts in recent weeks have reopened after workers were promised large pay increases .
The Chinese government has not allowed unions with full legal independence from the national , state - controlled union .
But the government has occasionally finessed the issue by letting workers choose their factories ’ representatives of the national union , or by allowing the creation of “ employee welfare committees ” in parallel with the official local units , said Mary E. Gallagher , a China labor specialist at the University of Michigan .
But these exceptions have tended to be in less prominent industries like shoe and garment manufacturing , and not in bastions of heavy industry like automaking .
Workers here were not specific Thursday about what would qualify as having their own union .
They are mostly in their early 20s , more than half are women .
Their education levels are low .
Although several said they had high school degrees , Honda requires only junior high school educations .
The workers say they want to be paid as much as workers at the first Honda factory recently to go on strike , a high - tech transmission factory in Foshan where the workers are almost entirely young men with a couple of years of vocational school training in addition to high school degrees .
Besides the Honda strike here , there were new reports Thursday of strikes at Japanese - and Taiwanese - owned factories in at least five other cities .
Four of the cities are outside the heavily industrial Guangdong Province , where all three Honda auto parts strikes have taken place .
Liberal Nationalism in a Competitive Market for Governance
Free institutions are next to impossible in a country made up of different nationalities .
Among a people without fellow - feeling , especially if they read and speak different languages , the united public opinion , necessary to the working of representative government , cannot exist .
The influences which form opinions and decide political acts are different in the different sections of the country .
An altogether different set of leaders have the confidence of one part of the country and of another .
The same books , newspapers , pamphlets , speeches , do not reach them .
One section does not know what opinions , or what instigations , are circulating in another .
The same incidents , the same acts , the same system of government , affect them in different ways ; and each fears more injury to itself from the other nationalities than from the common arbiter , the state .
Their mutual antipathies are generally much stronger than jealousy of the government .
That any one of them feels aggrieved by the policy of the common ruler is sufficient to determine another to support that policy .
Even if all are aggrieved , none feel that they can rely on the others for fidelity in a joint resistance ; the strength of none is sufficient to resist alone , and each may reasonably think that it consults its own advantage most by bidding for the favour of the government against the rest .
While we want to carefully avoid arguing for the necessity of culturally pure states , we need to take the problems caused by diversity in a democracy seriously .
The problem with simply insisting that we need nation - states , of course , is that national identities are never well - defined ( and many group identities are not geographically - concentrated ) .
Identity groups overlap and we each belong to many groups at many different levels .
How can we to make states match salient group identities without creating pointless ethnic segregation at the behest of a few racists ?
In general , we need to make state boundaries more dependent on individual preferences .
Given sufficiently low barriers to secession , libertarians should n’t treat nation - states merely as something of instrumental value in preventing the tyranny of the majority .
People get genuine satisfaction from having their state represent their tribe ; we should not begrudge people their nationalist sentiments if they can be indulged without causing harm .
Since the power of exit will make individuals pay the cost of intergroup violence and place limits of preference heterogeneity , a decentralized competitive market for governance will produce a more harmonious world – even if everybody chooses to retain their tribal identities .
Cedric Grolet , Chef pâtissier du Meurice Alain Ducasse , signe à nouveau une création exclusive avec notre Manufacture !
De retour de Polynésie , il s’est inspiré d’un fruit emblématique des îles pour cette fleur Coco !
Enrobée de chocolat , elle renferme en son cœur une tendre crème au lait de coco et un praliné coco à l’ancienne séparés par une couche ultrafine de chocolat .
Une recette onctueuse et croquante à la fois .
Design de Pierre Tachon .
Suivez - nous sur Instagram
173 Comments
buko on March 15 , 2010 at 14:13:41 Artist
evan3 on March 16 , 2010 at 16:03:38
Alumni omg buko you are amazing best star wars reference i have ever seen
Jake Friedman on March 16 , 2010 at 16:13:48
The five is strong in this .
davidfromdallas on March 16 , 2010 at 16:16:08 Alumni Phenomenal .
A word I rarely use on parodies - namely star wars ones .
Consider that a triumph :) $ 5
davidfromdallas on March 16 , 2010 at 16:17:00 Alumni ( I 'd love to see this on black - the design would pop more and it would tie the whole " space " element into the design )
Retroludo on March 16 , 2010 at 16:28:59 Alumni
Sweet love the subtle design here .
polynothing on March 16 , 2010 at 16:29:33 Alumni $ 5 awesome !
isawa on March 16 , 2010 at 16:31:06
Wow , great !
nurtritionalchocolate on March 16 , 2010 at 16:33:20
Oh yeah
robotwaste on March 16 , 2010 at 17:20:12
That 's pretty much the coolest thing I 've ever seen .
What 's it like to draw money ?
EN AJUSTES on March 16 , 2010 at 17:21:33
You really like getting printed $ 5
Aaron .
Randy on March 16 , 2010 at 17:22:14 man .. youre always awesome !
mark722 on March 16 , 2010 at 17:22:48 Alumni Jesus BUKO !
you are tooo good !
roadkill3d on March 16 , 2010 at 17:24:35 Alumni Buko making a killing !!!!!
ben chen on March 16 , 2010 at 17:38:10 Alumni wow cool idea
brentendo on March 16 , 2010 at 17:55:56 too good .
francischtime on March 16 , 2010 at 18:16:08 jaw dropping . $ 5
Outlaw01 on March 16 , 2010 at 18:18:52 $ 5
yetitutu on March 16 , 2010 at 18:19:39 i like it
Hildy 42 on March 16 , 2010 at 18:36:31 sick !
tea -bot on March 16 , 2010 at 18:37:54
I really , really need to own this on a shirt .
A +++
hisartwork on March 16 , 2010 at 19:03:28 Alumni GREAT !!!!!!!!
5 $
westicles on March 16 , 2010 at 19:05:43
I love love love that you put it on Heather Grey .
I think this is one of the few pop culture references that I 'd ever wear . $ 5
craquehaus on March 16 , 2010 at 19:13:55
You need to start your own company and give the rest of us a shot !
soloyo on March 16 , 2010 at 19:46:16 Alumni Another print for you 5 $
cshimala on March 16 , 2010 at 19:49:06 Alumni rad !
hm087ster on March 16 , 2010 at 19:50:00 Hmm 5 $
ivejustquitsmoking on March 16 , 2010 at 21:29:14 Alumni damn !
Awesome
badbasilisk on March 16 , 2010 at 21:35:21 Alumni superb dude !!!!
kooky love on March 16 , 2010 at 21:52:18 Alumni GREAT $ 5
dacat on March 16 , 2010 at 23:59:04 Alumni Definitely one of the best Star Wars designs ever $ 5
YaaH on March 17 , 2010 at 00:55:49 Alumni 4
The PaperCrane on March 17 , 2010 at 00:58:49 Alumni I love your brain Another PRINT for buko ! :)
adam antium on March 17 , 2010 at 01:05:07 Alumni a -mazing !
FRICKINAWESOME on March 17 , 2010 at 02:52:05 Alumni
You are becoming the stylized version of Glennz around here !
Another amazing reference from you man , love the very Transformers -y Shockwave lok to the classic boom 3 PO box !
5 .
micheleficeli on March 17 , 2010 at 02:57:04 AWE !
Really need to be printed !
5 $ !
staffell on March 17 , 2010 at 03:31:29 Alumni jesus christ buko , what the fuck are you on ?!
I have to say though , you could have made a lot of money if you 'd subbed this to woot .
d3d on March 17 , 2010 at 03:32:59 Alumni pretty brilliant yet again .
Rollwuerste on March 17 , 2010 at 04:12:47
Woah , super !
Santo76 on March 17 , 2010 at 05:03:37 Alumni Love it !
fran6 on March 17 , 2010 at 05:41:29
God of design !
5 $
jess4002 on March 17 , 2010 at 05:53:03 Alumni wow !
5 $
wytrab8 on March 17 , 2010 at 05:56:02 Alumni Haha , you $o $ mart !
speedyjvw on March 17 , 2010 at 06:02:06
Alumni this is so good
sweet n sour on March 17 , 2010 at 06:03:36 Alumni hot damn
kcoutu on March 17 , 2010 at 06:10:45 umm...wow .
Boycey on March 17 , 2010 at 06:32:32
Killer design !
Such style !
briancook on March 17 , 2010 at 06:34:09 Alumni $ 5 - Chances of this printing = 100:1
AwesomeGirl86 on March 17 , 2010 at 06:54:12
That 's really cool & totally original !
$ 5 !!!
alexmdc on March 17 , 2010 at 07:02:24 Alumni wholy shit ! 5 $ $ $ $
silverqe on March 17 , 2010 at 07:06:26 Alumni WINNER !
GO ENKEL !
Jus2Pom on March 17 , 2010 at 07:18:41 5 $
band - it on March 17 , 2010 at 07:34:53 Alumni whoa
samuelwyoung on March 17 , 2010 at 07:56:10
This is awesome !
I do n't even like Star Wars and love this shirt .
5 !!!
alvarejo on March 17 , 2010 at 09:01:48 Alumni simply WOW
murraymullet on March 17 , 2010 at 09:01:56 Alumni Instant print , instant classic and all that other stuff . $ 5
herky on March 17 , 2010 at 09:17:25 Alumni simply AWESOME !
instaprint ! $ 5
Bio -bot 9000 on March 17 , 2010 at 09:49:13 Alumni ThreepiOH YEAH !!!!!
bcrider on March 17 , 2010 at 09:59:33
Wow !
andyg on March 17 , 2010 at 10:01:34 Alumni Amazing concept !
Great job !
akrapf on March 17 , 2010 at 14:39:19 Alumni genius !!!!!!! $ 5
lunchboxbrain on March 17 , 2010 at 14:54:02
Alumni one of the greatest star wars inspired designs i've ever seen .
sure fire print and sell out . $ 5 !
sketchboy01 on March 17 , 2010 at 14:55:22
Alumni this is just fantastic !!
atomicchild on March 17 , 2010 at 14:56:00 PRINT
DesignbyProxy on March 17 , 2010 at 14:59:19 Alumni I predict this will not finish scoring .
EricDiaz on March 17 , 2010 at 15:08:46 bahaha !
rodrigobhz on March 17 , 2010 at 15:11:10 Alumni
Oh man ... oh man .
5 $
rhythmdev9 on March 17 , 2010 at 15:15:11 out of control !!!!!!
walmazan on March 17 , 2010 at 15:29:17 Alumni buko , you are genius ! $ 5
Outlaw01 on March 17 , 2010 at 15:43:44 needs to be pulled from the running and printed already .
mgill52 on March 17 , 2010 at 15:44:17 WOW WOW WOW
olie ! on March 17 , 2010 at 15:47:00 Alumni I can't ignore the genius of this
phillydesigner on March 17 , 2010 at 17:27:03 Alumni perfect
igo2cairo on March 17 , 2010 at 19:09:49 Alumni Brilliant . $ 5
childmirror on March 17 , 2010 at 22:35:15 Very Nice !!!
$ $ $ 5555
jamesf on March 17 , 2010 at 23:16:25 Alumni nice !
WEAREYAWN on March 18 , 2010 at 01:09:20 wow !!!!!!
this is the first star wars reference shirt i like !
didnt believe this would ever happen :) $ 5555 !!!
Flying_Mouse on March 18 , 2010 at 02:43:30 Alumni Perfect ! $ 5
corey9 on March 18 , 2010 at 02:52:35 lol - nice !
idilek on March 18 , 2010 at 03:02:30 Alumni wow !
5 $
dschwen on March 18 , 2010 at 03:22:31 Alumni OH man .
This is your year .
Congrats ! $ 5
ndikol on March 18 , 2010 at 03:49:56 Alumni hoooot :D :D :D
TimScribble on March 18 , 2010 at 03:52:47 Alumni Wowzers .
Best design I have seen in some time .
A definite print .
MadMax198121 on March 18 , 2010 at 03:57:14 Fantastic !
5 $
aled on March 18 , 2010 at 04:18:36 Alumni
This is brilliant .
The details are the polish on a fantastic concept .
5 $
empiricist on March 18 , 2010 at 10:12:44 Alumni
Way rad !
laurastead on March 18 , 2010 at 11:07:54
Alumni i noticed that 2 out of the 4 shirts i just bought were by you .
GET OUT OF MY HEAD !
j/k , make yourself at home .
5
www.michelevancini.it on March 18 , 2010 at 12:55:04 5
Ninatroll on March 18 , 2010 at 13:01:54
Everyone please look here : http://www.geekologie.com/2009/03/what_an_r2d2_boombox_might_loo.php
Nocturne on March 18 , 2010 at 16:15:56 I love star wars ! $ 5
renfrue on March 18 , 2010 at 20:32:52 Alumni wow !
bengineer on March 18 , 2010 at 20:40:05 Alumni hahaha , genius ! $ 5
zzybalooga on March 18 , 2010 at 22:15:30
Do n't like it on grey at all , but other than that a truly marvelous design .
ArTrOcItY on March 18 , 2010 at 22:21:54 Alumni Nothing less than fantastično ! ;)
JacquesMaes on March 19 , 2010 at 02:59:48 Alumni Never been into Star Wars ... until after seeing this shirt , genius design !
nonolarson on March 19 , 2010 at 03:01:56 Alumni
Would have never got it without the thumbnail , but that 's super nicely done as usual :)
wotto on March 19 , 2010 at 04:24:27 Alumni genius
addu on March 19 , 2010 at 06:29:44
Hell awesome , outrageous $ 5
sifigrl on March 19 , 2010 at 09:41:46
My husband wants this shirt so badly - please allow me to be an awesome wife by printing this tee so I can buy it for him .
PLEASE !
Smooch !
mangobajito on March 19 , 2010 at 13:00:43 Alumni Great concept and illo !!
Chiwawa on March 19 , 2010 at 13:02:28
I hope I can get this on a tee soon !
carvas on March 19 , 2010 at 17:25:11 Alumni loveit !
mavericktiger on March 20 , 2010 at 05:34:05 Alumni Sheer Bad Assitude ! $ 5
mikecallahan on March 20 , 2010 at 06:31:11 excellent !
quick - brown - fox on March 20 , 2010 at 11:17:40 Alumni 5 Love it
hipbopp on March 20 , 2010 at 11:53:48 this is brilliant .
5 $
Interrupt_D on March 20 , 2010 at 13:27:35
Crazy fun !
It would look good on black .
I would rock this .
4 $
metroidmime on March 20 , 2010 at 14:51:42 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!PRINT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PS : on black 5 $ !
staffell on March 21 , 2010 at 04:02:29 Alumni overhyped ?!?
fucking lol
Foka on March 21 , 2010 at 04:37:46 Genial ! love the quotation !
rhythmdev9 on March 21 , 2010 at 04:49:02 did forget to comment ... sorry ... $ 5$ 5 $ 5 $ 5 $ 5 $ 5 $ 5 $
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$
5
$ 5
$ 5
$ 5 $ 5 $ 5 $ 5 instaprint ™
B 7 on March 21 , 2010 at 04:53:27 Alumni so good .
this will print for sure
Tikimasters on March 21 , 2010 at 06:22:38 Alumni
Oh boy .
Dude .
This is the best starwars reference shirt I 've ever seen .
This will be a buy .
This will be a buy .
This is so good , I 'm going to give it one of those scores I rarely give out $ 5
Alex1412 on March 21 , 2010 at 11:53:56 Genius idea and execution ! 5 $ $
j u l i a on March 21 , 2010 at 12:16:30 this is amazing !!!!!!!!!!
5 $ !!!
iamzacky on March 21 , 2010 at 23:16:24 another masterpiece !!!
the110 on March 21 , 2010 at 23:43:37 Alumni
Oh man i hate star wars and any reference to it but this is just so damn brilliant because it's so covert and obvious at the same time .
And oh yeah , this would 've sold at least 10,000 pieces on woot and at least $ 20,000 in your pocket !
haha .
So make sure it wins Bestee of the Month and Bestee of the year lol
Horacio Martinez on March 22 , 2010 at 09:56:57
Well this is for sure getting printed .
Haragos on March 22 , 2010 at 12:42:29 Alumni nice 5 . Score my design to please .
Mr. Head Potato Banana Split
nikolina100 on March 22 , 2010 at 14:29:19 so GOOD !!!!
tolagunestro on March 22 , 2010 at 18:14:37 Alumni a - m - a- z - i-n-g !
dschwen on March 23 , 2010 at 07:43:48 Alumni PRINT !
staffell on March 23 , 2010 at 07:45:13 Alumni http://www.12ozprophet.com/images/uploads/3.2_g2b2_.jpg oohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh :(
bygrinstow on March 23 , 2010 at 07:49:01 Alumni I was prepared for something mildly amusing ...
I am still picking my jaw up off the floor .
Kim Mak on March 23 , 2010 at 08:13:40 Alumni
This is outstanding !
alexmdc on March 23 , 2010 at 13:42:05 Alumni ummm the image is quite similar but maybe lets hear from buko first ebfore jumping to conclusions ?
Swordsaint on March 23 , 2010 at 15:53:38 please make this happen .
FRICKINAWESOME on March 23 , 2010 at 20:33:40 Alumni
The 3po boombox I could see more than one person doing that as a concept , and there are a bunch of differences between Buko 's and that 3d real - world rendering of it ... although there are LOTS of similarities as well , but I would think those similarities came from logical placements of translating 3po to a boombox style ?
Anyway the addition of the r2d2 headphones puts this one over the top , but maybe Enkel saw that piece a while back and unconsciously reinterpreted it ?
Hmmm .
mark722 on March 23 , 2010 at 20:35:47
Alumni you got the droids bass ackwards Evan ; )
Krimson on March 23 , 2010 at 20:35:51 Alumni ^you confused 3po and rd2d .
Krimson on March 23 , 2010 at 20:36:09 Alumni ah , great minds mark .
ndstillie on March 23 , 2010 at 20:41:31
Alumni with a track record like buko's are people really suggesting that he copied this ?
crazy talk .
Awesome work .
wytrab8 on March 26 , 2010 at 05:39:32 Alumni ^agreed .
Do n't think he copied it , just happened to come up with the same concept .
Collective consciousness .
staffell on March 26 , 2010 at 05:41:55
Alumni where did anyone say he copied it ....?
aled on March 26 , 2010 at 05:54:34 Alumni
There are too many similarities for me .
The sliders are a massive give - away .
aled on March 26 , 2010 at 05:57:28 Alumni
It can happen though I guess .
Benefit of the doubt to Buko .
staffell on March 26 , 2010 at 06:06:02 Alumni
The sliders are completely identical in shape to be honest . :/
staffell on March 28 , 2010 at 00:37:41
Alumni ha , yeah .
oops :0
aled on March 28 , 2010 at 01:40:18 Alumni Yeah I know that .
Just amazing similarities in the concept and execution , imo - but I know it does happen .
I do n't think Enkel would have ripped it off .
Maybe he'd seen it before and it was buried in his subconscious ? :o
Maybe it is just one those coincidences .
The PaperCrane on March 28 , 2010 at 23:23:24 Alumni
Print it anyway !
staffell on March 29 , 2010 at 11:17:43 Alumni Ha !
The artist himself .
Crazy .
the110 on April 6 , 2010 at 00:28:39 Alumni
Oh man called out by the original artist .
buko on April 6 , 2010 at 03:49:55 Artist Sorry everyone i feel really bad and i already contacted the artist to apologize .
It wans n't my intention to rip off , i got the idea from somewhere and i thought it could look cool on shirt .
But when i saw that image i realized that I 've seen it before and probably got the idea from it but it was totally unconsciously .
I never used it as direct reference and if i had it and wanted to rip off i probably would have changed the sliders to avoid similarities and hide the truth , but it was totally coincidence .
I 'm really sorry that this happened and i know that can happen to anybody but i feel so bad about it .
aled on April 6 , 2010 at 04:37:44 Alumni
Do n't feel bad , man .
It 's happened to us all :P
It 's good to come out and acknowledge it .
kcoutu on April 6 , 2010 at 07:37:23
Print and share money with artist ?
briancook on April 6 , 2010 at 07:50:29 Alumni FRICKINAWESOME on Mar 24 ' 10
The 3po boombox I could see more than one person doing that as a concept , and there are a bunch of differences between Buko 's and that 3d real - world rendering of it ... although there are LOTS of similarities as well , but I would think those similarities came from logical placements of translating 3po to a boombox style ?
Anyway the addition of the r2d2 headphones puts this one over the top , but maybe Enkel saw that piece a while back and unconsciously reinterpreted it ?
Hmmm .
None of this bothers me .... EXCEPT the fact that FA is confusing R2D2 with C3PO .
Naolito on April 6 , 2010 at 07:54:02 Alumni
I think that it's is n't anything bad in what you 've done Buko .
Everyday many designs use known characters , antique art or films references , and anything happens .
This time , he has used a funny image on the internet , adding more funny stuff to it with an awesome result .
I do n't think that you have to apologize buko , the only thing that maybe you could do when you submited is to post the image that inspired you .
I hope that it prints anyway , You did a incredible work here and this is n't different to any comon spoof that we see everyday at threadless .
Naolito on April 6 , 2010 at 07:59:52 Alumni
One more thing , Share the money ???
So , if this prints : 50 % to leonardo da vinci ?
Naolito on April 6 , 2010 at 08:00:25 Alumni http://www.threadless.com/submission/258634/Renaissance_Rocks
Sorry
alexmdc on April 6 , 2010 at 12:19:28 Alumni FA confusing the robots just blew my mind !
briancook on April 6 , 2010 at 12:26:12 Alumni Seriously ... how does a pop reference god like FA not keep his droids straight ?
Major disappointment .
the110 on April 6 , 2010 at 17:44:47 Alumni
I 'm pretty sure this is still going to print !
brentendo on April 6 , 2010 at 18:02:07 how does FA not know his C3 pos from his R2D2s ?
staffell on April 7 , 2010 at 00:41:19 Alumni
More power to you buko , the c3p0 headphones as an addition are enough to make this unique .
Hope it prints for you cos I 'll still buy one !
kcoutu on April 7 , 2010 at 05:06:29 Naolito on Apr 06 ' 10
One more thing , Share the money ???
So , if this prints : 50 % to leonardo da vinci ?
I was just trying to come up with a compromise .
But I think the situation you described is slightly different .
The arist who did renaissance rocks is spoofing da vinci , buko is not spoofing mcmullen .
Buko is spoofing star wars .
I am not implying he share the money with George Lucas .
But Mcmullen was already spoofing star wars , and buko , as he explained , probably got that idea from mcmullen , which makes it seem more like a collab , which a lot of people here on threadless already do , and often share the money .
Just a thought .
No matter what , I still think it should print and I 'm probably going to buy two of them .
myteemo on June 16 , 2010 at 15:29:53 Alumni Winner !
igo2cairo on June 16 , 2010 at 16:50:26 Alumni
It 's OK Buko , this kind of thing happens to the best of us and it was n't intentional .
It 's still an amazing tee design with your own unique twist , so if the original artist agrees with it I 'd call it a collab and split it 50 / 50 , that way you both win . :)
Haragos on June 16 , 2010 at 16:56:25 Alumni nah this shirt is amazing love it .
imcrazy8 on June 17 , 2010 at 01:51:37 make this shirt already !!!!
mavericktiger on Aug. 31 , 2010 at 02:51:37 Alumni @ 8randon .... see the comments made by Billions McMillions in the above comments
Subtleties on Dec. 17 , 2010 at 20:57:24
Love what you did with R2 and 3PO .
DayVeeThe on March 3 , 2011 at 08:38:57
Why it isnt printed yet ?
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Pakistani merchants and job seekers in the United States , still reeling from economic hardship since the September 11 attacks of 2001 , are posing as Indians to avoid discrimination in the wake of the Times Square bomb attempt .
A police car is seen in Times Square , New York May 3 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
Once again , a man of Pakistani descent is at the center of a security story , leading to backlash against the Pakistani - American community .
Faisal Shahzad , 30 , a naturalized American born in Pakistan , was arrested on Monday , two days after authorities say he parked a crude car bomb in New York ’s busy Times Square .
Suspected September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and convicted 1993 World Trade Center bomber Ramzi Yousef are also of Pakistani decent , and anti-American militants fighting U.S. forces in Afghanistan take refuge in Pakistan .
In Brooklyn , home to one of the largest Pakistani populations in the United States , business is scant at the various grocery , halal meat and sweet cake shops since a Pakistani - American was suspected in the Times Square plot .
More than 100 businesses along Coney Island Avenue have closed due to a 30 percent drop in business since 2001 , a merchants ’ association said .
In Washington , an American man of Pakistani descent told of coming under suspicion this week when he tried to buy garden fertilizer .
The Times Square car bomb contained a non-explosive type of fertilizer .
While there have been no reported incidents since the failed car bomb attack last Saturday , some Pakistanis are bracing for reprisals .
Police have increased foot patrols .
“ A lot of Pakistanis ca n’t get jobs after 9/11 and now it ’s even worse , ” said Asghar Choudhri , an accountant and chairman of Brooklyn ’s Pakistani American Merchant Association .
“ They are now pretending they are Indian so they can get a job . ”
India and Pakistan have fought three wars since independence from Britain in 1947 , creating hostilities that ordinarily would lead a Pakistani to resent being mistaken for an Indian .
According to the latest U.S. census data , some 210,410 people of Pakistani origin reside in the United States .
Nearly 15,000 Pakistanis received U.S. immigrant visas last year .
“ I want to make clear that we will not tolerate any bias or backlash against Pakistani or Muslim New Yorkers , ” Mayor Michael Bloomberg said this week , noting there are always “ a few bad apples . ”
New York is “ the city where you can practice your religion and say what you want to say and be in charge of your own destiny and we ’re going to keep it that way , ” Bloomberg said .
SUSPICION OF GARDENING
In Washington , an American of Pakistani heritage who would only be identified as Farhan , said a manager of a suburban home - improvement store prevented him from buying two bags of fertilizer for his family ’s lawn on Tuesday .
Farhan , who was born in northern Virginia , said police arrived soon after , investigated and allowed him to buy the fertilizer .
“ What kind of a country are we living in when a 22 - year - old male ca n’t buy fertilizer ? ” Farhan asked .
“ I ’m American .
I ’m not Pakistani . ”
Farhan said the store had subsequently apologized and the case appeared to be one of an overzealous manager rather than store policy .
Merchants in New York , many of whom declined to be named , still remember reprisals after September 11 .
Soon after the attacks , there was a drive - by shooting in Brooklyn at a Pakistani restaurant , which is now closed .
The local merchants association has shrunk to 150 members , from about 250 merchants almost a decade ago .
The FBI also arrested many undocumented workers in the neighborhood , leading to a wave of deportations , and residents would call law enforcement to make claims against their neighbors , including many false claims , Choudhri said .
“ After 9/11 , we took much pain , ” he said .
“ After that , a small beating is nothing .
Now the Pakistanis are not so much scared but we are ashamed .
We are embarrassed that the name of Pakistan came up . ”
Poor Windows users
Updated : June 12 , 2010
Occasionally , I go through my various so - called spam email accounts , which I use for registering to all kinds of products I do not really want , I do not really need or just plain wish to test software , without bombarding my more important inboxes with tons of mails .
To cut the long story short , I came across an email sent by a security vendor , reminding me , no urging me with the liver - transplant sort of urgency , to renew my subscription to their product , lest my pixels perish .
I spent a minute or two staring at the email , thinking about all the poor souls out there who do not have the comfort of being a geek and who may actually take the advertisement seriously .
And then I decided to write this article .
And maybe a few people will heed it and make some good .
Here 's the image - Can you spot what 's wrong with this image ?
If you can't , let me help you .
Imagine you 're a computer user ...
Who receives an email like this .
Imagine you 're a user who has read Dedoimedo recommendations on web and email security , so you understand all about risk , fraud , scripts , social engineering , and all that .
Let us dissect this email , step by step .
Relevance
I got this email because three years ago I downloaded the then - free version of McAfee security suite , which I used in my Design of Experiment ( DoE ) article .
I needed a heavy anti-virus product , and McAfee fit the bill .
I had it pitted against AVG , and along with two firewall products and two RAM settings , the low - high mix if you will , I had the perfect DoE with eight permutations .
Since , an age has passed and I 've totally forgotten about McAfee .
Then , all of a sudden , I get this email .
Red color & critical warning
Red indicates danger .
Danger ?
How come ?
Why and when ?
Critical Warning : Your PC is at risk , it says .
Well , first of all , my PC is at risk .
It is at risk of being electrocuted , a hard disk failing , water damage , dust damage , earthquake damage , all sorts of things .
But my PC may be running all sorts of operating systems , not including Windows , for instance .
If anything software related is at risk , it 's the operating system and not the PC .
I know that the marketing whizzes out there know that the common man can't tell the difference , but it 's a misleading statement all the same .
Then , why is this a critical warning ?
Maybe I have other security software running ?
Maybe I 'm a geek who knows his stuff .
Maybe I 'm running Linux .
Maybe I 'm smart .
In the worst case , we have Uncertainty Principle at hand , so my PC might be risk .
However , the service notification clearly states , with 100 % certainty , that the PC is at risk .
We do not know what risk , though .
If I only gave you the screenshot above , you could say this is a classic beginning of a classic phishing mail , intended to goad you into clicking and buying and whatever .
Unfortunately , sadly , this email comes from one of the largest security companies in the world .
Fear mongering works ...
Part of the scare tactics is already evident in the first section .
But now , focus on the big icon to the left :
The icon takes 20 % of the advertisement real estate .
It 's red and frightening .
It 's designed to look like Windows Security Center notifications , so you get that involuntary twitch in your colon , associated with the loss of data , privacy and whatnot that come with malware infections .
And what does unprotected mean ?
Unprotected how ?
From what ?
My night life ?
My PC again ?
Why is it unprotected ?
Does it mean that if I 'm using security products by rival companies , I 'm unprotected ?
In a way , the security vendor assumes that it is the one and only provider of related services .
Running a different product with similar , possibly superior capabilities means nothing .
It 's a binary verdict .
Either you run our stuff or you 're all alone out there , naked and unprotected against the onslaught of Mongolian hordes .
It reminds me of the .NET framework installation .
Not related to anything , just plain funny and totally audacious :
Thank you , I can disconnect now from the Internet .
It 's no longer useful now that I have the framework installed .
Confusing information
Then , there 's the NatWest Recommended snippet , below the shiny icon .
What the hell is NatWest ?
Well , googling , it turns out to be a bank .
Is this merely an advertisement for a bank , within the context of another advertisement ?
Embedded HTML
Security experts will tell you : use plain - text email , block scripts , block third - party images , all sorts of fancy things like that .
And then , you get an email from a security company that breaches all these rules .
How funny is that ?
It 's a paradox .
Security concerns
The security message has a link that I can click and follow .
I copied the link aside and examined it .
Here 's what it looks like :
http://strongmail1.mcafee.com/track?
t=c&mid=699842&msgid=93148&did=4500&sn=1249673815
&
eid=********@yahoo.ca &uid=192576
& extra=&&&2000&& & http://uk.mcafee.com/root/campaign.asp?cid=71475
Notice the eid field , which reads eid=********@yahoo.ca .
It 's my actual email there .
It was written there .
The asterisks are mine .
Never mind it's an unimportant address that I purposefully use for this kind of activities .
And then notice the link : http :// ...
So , my email is sent in clear - text , in unencrypted form to the security vendor server , along with tons of other numbers , all of which seem like unique identifiers .
In clear text .
Sniffing may not be easy on a switched network , but it does not mean that security should be treated like a prostitute .
End result = sad
So , clueless users get an email from one of the biggest security vendor that informs them their PC is at risk .
They click , they buy .
Now , they are running two anti-virus products at the same time .
Or worse , their credit card details have been stolen , because the security vendor advertisement looks exactly like the latest and greatest security scam .
Not only is this kind of tactics perpetuating the state of fear and the lack of knowledge among Windows users , enslaving them to the financial teat of security moguls , it actually increases the risk of their exposure to social networking tricks .
If a user clicks on a security warning in a email once , they might do it twice .
Only this time , the product will be called BestAntiVirus2014 or something like that .
Indeed , going though my spam folder , I see these :
One of these is the legitimate offer from McAfee , the other two I have no idea about .
I am having trouble deciding which should be opened and read , imagine what the common user is feeling .
To sum it up , advertisements like these border on illegal .
It 's awful when security companies can afford such blatant misuse and abuse of trust and ignorance on behalf of computer users .
This kind of thing should be banned .
Conclusion
This security offer , although legitimate and not very lucrative , has left me angry and sad .
If one of the largest security vendors can afford to misuse security for its own gain , what will the average Joe do ?
What about some integrity , honesty ?
The offer would have looked infinitely better if it just contained a coupon number and a reference to the vendor site .
In plain text .
Nothing more , nothing less .
Instead , it looks like the very threats it is designed to protect from , it uses all the classic mistakes of dangerous mail practices , like embedded HTML and images , and it links to the vendor server using a clear - text string , which contains private information .
Really sad .
Security begins with education .
But education means users wo n't be easily impressed with scary emails and may not actually cash out money for a rather mediocre security product they do n't need in the first place .
Teaching people how to use their computers contrasts the primary goals of security vendors , which is to make profit .
It seems that security can only be good if it 's free .
Then , there 's no hidden or plain agenda , no money interfering with the pure , simple goals of helping people gain intellectual independence that allows them to asset threats and risks and make wise , calculated decisions .
Otherwise , the poor user stands no chance .
This is a good opportunity to remind everyone that Windows security can be enjoyed easily , with no additional financial expenses .
There 's SuRun for Windows XP , a mighty tool .
Then , you may want to read my article on Group Policies .
Windows 7 users will appreciate my first and second security tutorials .
And there 's always Linux
Do n't be scared .
Open your mind .
Cheers .
A team led by researchers from North Carolina State University has published a paper that describes the use of a technique called atomic layer deposition to incorporate " biological functionality " into complex nanomaterials , which could lead to a new generation of medical and environmental health applications .
For example , the researchers show how the technology can be used to develop effective , low - cost water purification devices that could be used in developing countries .
" Atomic layer deposition is a technique that can be used to create thin films for coating metals or ceramics , and is especially useful for coating complex nanoscale structures , " says Dr. Roger Narayan , the paper 's lead author .
" This paper shows how atomic layer deposition can be used to create biologically functional materials , such as materials that have antibacterial properties .
Another example would be a material that does not bond to proteins in the body , which could be used for implantable medical sensors . "
Narayan is a professor in the joint biomedical engineering department of NC State 's College of Engineering and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
One of the applications discussed in the paper is a material that could be used as a filter for point - of - use water purification .
" This would be very helpful in the developing world , or in disaster situations -- like Haiti -- where people do not have access to safe water , " Narayan says .
" Over one billion people do not have access to safe water .
This can lead to a variety of public health problems , including cholera and hepatitis . "
Specifically , the researchers show that atomic layer deposition can be used to create a film for coating nanoporous membranes , which may be used for filtering out pathogenic bacteria .
" The film could also provide antimicrobial functionality , " Narayan says , " to neutralize bacteria . "
In the study , the researchers found that membranes treated with one of these films were able to neutralize two common pathogens : E. coli and Staphylococcus aureus .
The researchers are currently working with colleagues to assess how well the membranes perform against a variety of environmental bacteria .
It 's anticipated that these membranes could find use in a variety of medical and environmental health applications , such as hemodialysis filters and implantable sensors .
The research is published in the March issue of the journal Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society A . The research was funded by the National Science Foundation and the National Institutes of Health .
The research was co-authored by Narayan , Dr. Nancy Monteiro - Riviere , professor of investigative dermatology and toxicology at the Center for Chemical Toxicology Research and Pharmacokinetics at NC State , Dr. Chunming Jin , a post - doctoral research associate at NC State , and Dr. Junping Zhang , a former post - doctoral research associate at NC State .
Additional co-authors were from Kodak Research Laboratories , Argonne National Laboratory , North Dakota State University , National Yang - Ming University in Taiwan , and Taipei Medical University in Taiwan .
LUTON , England —
When Mohammed Qurban stood outside the Jamia mosque in the heavily Muslim Bury Park district on Tuesday and spoke anxiously about Britain ’s record - high levels of immigration , he was reflecting a powerful undercurrent that could help tip victory in dozens of constituencies in Thursday ’s general election to the main opposition groups vying with the governing Labour Party for power , the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats .
“ I think this country is coming overpopulated , too many people coming in from everywhere , especially Europe , ” Mr. Qurban said , as fellow worshipers nodded in assent .
In particular , he said , thousands of Poles in Luton were taking jobs from the children and grandchildren of a previous generation of immigrants like himself , those who arrived from Pakistan in one of Britain ’s early waves of migration in the 1960s .
The conversation with Mr. Qurban , and at least a dozen others like it with Muslims in Luton , captured a shift of potentially far - reaching significance .
The most strident opponents of large - scale immigration have traditionally been white , native - born Britons , and their favorite target immigrant blacks and Asians , particularly Muslims .
The incongruity was not lost on Mr. Qurban , 56 , a rental agent who seemed keen to separate himself from the skinheads and others whose anti-immigrant agitation has sometimes turned violent .
“ This is my town , this is my bread - and - butter , ” he said .
“ I ’m a law - abiding citizen , never crossed the line , that is definitely out of order .
The Poles have a problem at home as we do in Pakistan , no jobs , no money .
I want to go along with them .
But definitely , it ’s up to the government to put a cap on it . ”
The Pentagon is highlighting a new U.S. Geological Survey estimate that Afghanistan may be sitting on a trillion dollars ’ worth of mineral wealth , the New York Times reports .
“ An internal Pentagon memo … states that Afghanistan could become the ‘ Saudi Arabia of lithium , ’ a key raw material in the manufacture of batteries for laptops and BlackBerrys , ” the paper reports .
“ The vast scale of Afghanistan ’s mineral wealth was discovered by a small team of Pentagon officials and American geologists , ” the article continues .
“ The Afghan government and President Hamid Karzai were recently briefed , American officials said . ”
The paper goes on to quote Centcom commander Gen. David Petraeus : “ There is stunning potential here .
There are a lot of ifs , of course , but I think potentially it is hugely significant . ”
But veteran Afghan hands say the “ discovery ” of Afghanistan ’s mineral wealth is hardly new .
And some detect an echo of Petraeus ’ effort to “ put a little more time on the Washington clock ” for the Afghanistan surge as he once described his public relations strategy to buy time in the U.S. for the Iraq surge .
The Times report itself notes the Pentagon agreed to discuss the minerals discovery as a rare good news story amid many more disturbing reports coming from Afghanistan .
“ The ‘ discovery ’ of Afghanistan ’s minerals will sound pretty silly to old timers , ” one retired former senior U.S. official based in Afghanistan writes .
“ When I was living in Kabul in the early 1970 ’s the [ U.S. government ] , the Russians , the World Bank , the UN and others were all highly focused on the wide range of Afghan mineral deposits .
Cheap ways of moving the ore to ocean ports has always been the limiting factor . ”
“ In my day we did a joint USG / Iranian study of a potential rail line from Afghanistan to several of the Iranian rail hubs , " he continued .
" This was predicated on mineral exploitation . ”
“ In the early 70's the USG had an old FDR New - Deal planner / economist - Bob Nathan - working with the Afghan Ministry of Plans to work out a fifty year mineral exploitation program , ” the former official said .
“ When the Russians came in they picked up Bob 's plans and extended them .
So this is anything but a ‘ new discovery . ’ ”
( He provides this bibliography , circa 1980 , on Afghan mineral assessments . )
Indeed , the Times report notes that the latest U.S. Geological Survey drew from those earlier Russian geological surveys .
“ Armed with the old Russian charts , the United States Geological Survey began a series of aerial surveys of Afghanistan ’s mineral resources in 2006 , using advanced gravity and magnetic measuring equipment attached to an old Navy Orion P - 3 aircraft that flew over about 70 percent of the country . ”
But other Washington Afghanistan watchers note that while the discovery may not be wholly new , it still presents an opportunity for Afghanistan 's economic future , including how it might fund the Afghanistan security forces that NATO is currently trying to stand up and train .
It is however an opportunity , they acknowledge , shadowed by the potential risks that have befallen other resource - rich countries as well as by all the logistical , economic and infrastructure complications of moving ore .
Yes , there 's probably an effort to get some good news out , one observer who declined to be quoted said .
Does that mean it 's not important ?
No .
But another Washington Afghanistan hand , who said the U.S. Geological Survey findings were made known in Washington several months ago including by former Afghan finance minister Ashraf Ghani , said it could mean " Afghanistan looks more like Congo . "
" It makes security much less likely , " he said .
" I am not at all the least bit optimistic that the Afghan people themselves will see the benefit of this . "
" You ca n't strike a deal that makes everybody happy because the Chinese want their piece , the Russians want their piece , western companies too , " he continued .
" If there 's something to get out of it , all the regional players will be coming in for a whole variety of reasons that can't all be squared . "
He read the minerals story as " the administration really needs something to staunch the feeling that ' let 's just get the hell out , ' " including after an earlier New York Times report this weekend alleged that Afghan President Hamid Karzai doubts NATO forces can defeat the Taliban .
The portrayal in the report was vigorously denied by UN Ambassador Susan Rice on the Sunday news shows .
Some including Ghani have been advocating the creation of a trust fund to distribute the income derived from Afghanistan 's natural resources to benefit the population , the latter expert said .
UPDATE : Ghani , reached by POLITICO in Afghanistan Monday , said he had in fact commissioned the assessment of Afghanistan 's mineral wealth when he served as Afghanistan 's finance minister ( and been criticized at the time for wasting money on the survey ) , and that he'd been expecting the report to come out for a couple months .
" As to why it came out today and not a week or before or week after , I cannot explain , " Ghani said .
" You have to ask " the New York Times reporter .
As to the implications of the findings , Ghani said Afghanistan has come to a critical juncture .
" Either we become Congo , or we become Botswana or Chile .
If we do n’t get governance of the sectors right , [ Afghanistan ] will become a bastion of instability , corruption and criminality . "
" On the other hand , it 's a game changer : for the first time in our history we have the possibility of domestic resources ... to to be able to afford both security ... but more significantly to be able to provide substantial services to the population , " he said .
He acknowledged that recent indicators are not hopeful that the Afghan population will benefit from its natural wealth .
" The question is very much valid and we will have to succeed against all odds , " Ghani said .
He said technology and road and infrastructure improvements throughout Central Asia had made extracting and transporting Afghanistan 's mineral worth more economically feasible than back in the 1970s and 80s .
And he noted sadly that Afghanistan 's very good former Minister of Mines Juma Mohammad Mohammadi , like himself a former World Bank official , was killed in a plane crash in 2003 off the coast of Karachi , Pakistan when he was attempting to survey one site .
comments closed
permalink
Romer should know .
He and actual economics Nobel laureate George Akerlof published a brilliant analysis of the S&L crisis of the 1980s , titled “ Looting : The Economic Underworld of Bankruptcy for Profit ” which analyzed how some wealthy executives extracted tremendous sums of money from the S&Ls that they “ led ” while knowing that their decisions would lead the companies to bankruptcy .
Romer and Akerlof conclude :
“ If you think of the financial system as a whole , ” Mr. Romer said , “ it actually has an incentive to trigger the rare occasions in which tens or hundreds of billions of dollars come flowing out of the Treasury . ”
What if , instead of being a surprising one time disaster , this outcome was a predictable and routine outcome of our political process ?
Future economics Nobel laureate Paul Romer explains :
Roberts ’ quip ( from his excellent article “ Gambling with Other People ’s Money ” ) above explains why Americans across the political spectrum are disgusted .
A few hundred individuals in the financial services industry who might otherwise have been worth tens of millions of dollars managed instead to get their hands on hundreds of millions of dollars as they destroyed our financial system .
Now we are all suffering higher taxes , higher unemployment , fewer new business starts , tighter capital markets , and lower rates of charitable giving so that a few hundred individuals can buy larger islands and bigger yachts .
It is a disgusting sight , inconsistent with all moral codes and political philosophies .
“ In this crisis , average Americans have sent hundreds of billions of dollars to some of the richest people in human history . ”
Russ Roberts
If our best economists knew in 1993 , in a widely published article that bankruptcy for profit could occur when government guarantees a firm ’s debt obligations , why is it that the U.S. government continue to guarantee debt obligations ?
Indeed , not only it continued the guarantees , but it expanded them – by means of numerous actions supported by both Democratic and Republican Congressmen expanded the scale of its debt obligations through the deliberate growth of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
And note that bankruptcy for profit is merely the most extreme case of moral hazard due to government guarantees ; there are plenty of deep moral hazard issues due to government guarantees that could lead to similarly catastrophic outcomes well before we get to the case of outright looters .
( See both Roberts and Macroeconomic Resilience , a brilliant anonymous blogger he cites ; see the analysis here , here , and here ) .
Akerlof and Romer ask the key question at the end of their 1993 paper :
“ The S&L fiasco in the United States leaves us with the question , why did the government leave itself so exposed to abuse ? ”
They then get part of the answer right :
“ Part of the answer , of course , is that actions taken by the government are the result of the political process .
When regulators hid the extent of the true problem with artificial accounting devices , when congressmen pressured regulators to go easy on favored constituents and political donors , when the largest brokerage firms lobbied to protect their ability to funnel brokered deposits to any thrift in the country , when the lobbyists for the savings and loan industry adopted the strategy of postponing action until industry difficulties were so large that general tax revenue would have to be used to address problems instead of revenue raised from taxes on successful firms in the industry - when these and many other actions were taken , people responded rationally to the incentives they faced within the political process . ”
If Akerlof and Romer saw so clearly that looting had taken place because “ people responded rationally to the incentives they faced within the political process ” did they then recommend a dramatic re-evaluation of the political process to prevent a similar financial catastrophe from happening in the future ?
Unfortunately not ; rather than question the political process , they succumbed to wishful thinking :
“ The S&L crisis , however , was also caused by misunderstanding .
Neither the public nor economists foresaw that the regulations of the 1980s were bound to produce looting .
Nor , unaware of the concept , could they have known how serious it would be .
Thus the regulators in the field who understood what was happening from the beginning found lukewarm support , at best , for their cause .
Now we know better .
If we learn from experience , history need not repeat itself . ”
Here we are , twenty years later , with a much larger and more damaging catastrophe .
Although he was not a regulator , David Andrukonis , Freddie Mac ’s chief risk officer , warned of the dangers that Freddie Mac was taking on in 2004 with a remarkable level of detail and foresight :
In an interview , Freddie Mac ’s former chief risk officer , David A. Andrukonis , recalled telling Mr. Syron in mid-2004 that the company was buying bad loans that “ would likely pose an enormous financial and reputational risk to the company and the country . ”
– and support for him was so “ lukewarm ” that he was let go .
As Arnold Kling points out , Syron , the Freddie Mac CEO , has close ties to Barney Frank , the relevant committee chairman .
Why , exactly , would Akerlof and Romer believe that people like Andrukonis would be treated differently the next time around ?
Why should any of us believe that future Andrukonis will be treated differently twenty years from now ?
Arnold Kling , Russ Roberts , and other economists are pointing to the government guarantees as the essential problem that must be removed in order to prevent a similar recurrence of financial catastrophe .
Ron Paul promoted such a policy move in 2003 , with remarkable foresight and wisdom :
Sundance board members on the missing flight are chairman Geoff Wedlock , managing director and chief executive officer Don Lewis , company secretary John Carr - Gregg and non-executive directors Ken Talbot , John Jones and Craig Oliver .
Wilson Tuckey ... flying a theory about the super profits tax .
Mr Tuckey claimed the executives were in Africa looking for iron ore because the Australian government wanted to tax their super profits at a rate of 40 per cent .
But Sundance has stated the executives were there visiting its ongoing iron ore project in Cameroon and Congo and conducting high - level meetings with various government representatives of both countries .
The company 's operations in west Africa are focused solely on developing its Mbalam iron ore project spanning Cameroon , Equatorial Guinea and the Republic of Congo .
This month the company said project resources were in place to support a mine at Nabeba in the Republic of Congo portion of Mbalam , which is expected to start operations in 2012 .
Sundance executives and their advisers were in the midst of targeting prospective steel mills and infrastructure providers to put up project finance to build and operate the mine when the company reported the aircraft missing yesterday .
The West Australian MP said it would be a " tragedy " if the mining executives were lost .
" Not in any way trying to infer that there was any fault of the government or anyone else , where were they ? "
Mr Tuckey told reporters in Canberra today .
" They were in Africa .
And why where they there ?
They were looking for iron ore - already . "
We have a stark and tragic example , apparently , telling us what 's going on Mr Tuckey said the focus of Australia 's mining industry had now turned to Africa .
" We have a tragic example of where the mining industry is now focusing its attention .
" We have a stark and tragic example , apparently , telling us what 's going on . "
Africa was plagued by sovereign risk and " all sorts of practical problems " , Mr Tuckey said .
" But on the strength of a 40 per cent increase in their tax liability it 's starting to look good by comparison with Australia . "
Forrest feels for families Mining magnate Andrew Forrest says his thoughts are with the families .
He said the Sundance executives were pursuing a dream to start a mine in west Africa .
Family holds out hope Susan Carr - Gregg said her husband had been to Cameroon many times and had worked on mineral exploration and mining projects in Indonesia , Papua New Guinea and Madagascar .
Ms Carr - Gregg said from her home in Sydney today she hoped her husband would be found alive .
Dick Smith says lack of mayday call ' very strange ' Australian entrepreneur Dick Smith says it 's '' very strange ' ' that the charter plane disappeared without a mayday message .
Mr Smith , who has flown around the world five times , said : '' Even though the air - traffic control in Africa is quite often inadequate , the monitoring of frequencies for emergency messages is quite good .
'' So it 's very strange that an aircraft , which is a modern Western aircraft built in Spain , would suddenly disappear . ''
He said the CASA 212 aircraft was a very safe , certified aircraft with two turbines and two pilots .
'' There is a very tiny chance that it has been flown somewhere else , and that 's a very small chance , '' he said .
'' That would be one explanation for something that happened on board , which would also be quite strange seeing it was only the pilot , co-pilot and mining company people .
'' It is quite mysterious at the present time that the pilot was not able to get an emergency message out .
'' He said while it would be possible to survive a crash in the dense jungle , it was unlikely .
'' The problem is that normally if they survive a crash they would be able to light a fire or do something that would draw attention , '' he said .
'' It is quite dense jungle but normally you would think if people were alive that they would be able to create attention in some way . ''
Search called off for the night Loading Foreign Affairs Minister Stephen Smith says the search for the missing plane has been called off for the night in Africa but will resume at first light .
AAP
Enlarge By Win McNamee , Getty Images At Port Fourchon , LA. : President Obama picks up balls of tar on the beach last month .
USA TODAY OPINION USA TODAY OPINION Columns
In addition to its own editorials , USA TODAY publishes a variety of opinions from outside writers .
On political and policy matters , we publish opinions from across the political spectrum .
Roughly half of our columns come from our Board of Contributors , a group whose interests range from education to religion to sports to the economy .
Their charge is to chronicle American culture by telling the stories , large and small , that collectively make us what we are .
We also publish weekly columns by Al Neuharth , USA TODAY 's founder , and DeWayne Wickham , who writes primarily on matters of race but on other subjects as well .
That leaves plenty of room for other views from across the nation by well - known and lesser - known names alike .
Contributors Board
How to submit a column
Has it come to this again ?
The president is meeting with his oil spill experts , he crudely tells us , so that he knows " whose ass to kick . "
We have become accustomed to his management style — target a scapegoat , assign blame and go on the attack .
To win health care legislation , he vilified insurance executives ; to escape bankruptcy law for General Motors , he demonized senior lenders ; to take the focus from the excesses of government , he castigated business meetings in Las Vegas ; and to deflect responsibility for the deepening and lengthening downturn , he blames Wall Street and George W. Bush .
But what may make good politics does not make good leadership .
And when a crisis is upon us , America wants a leader , not a politician .
We saw leadership on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Then as now , black billows seemed to come from the center of the earth .
Lives had been lost .
The environmental impact was immeasurable .
The looming economic impact from lost tourism was incalculable .
Into the crisis walked Rudy Giuliani .
While that was an incomparable human tragedy , how the mayor led New York City to recover is a useful model for the president .
Rudy camped out at Ground Zero — he did n't hole up in his office or retreat to his residence .
His presence not only reassured the people of New York that someone was in charge , it also enabled the mayor to assess the situation firsthand , to take the measure of the people he had on the ground , and to understand the scope of the crisis .
The president has many critical matters that demand his attention , but brief and tardy tours and being photographed with a smudge of oil on a sandy beach do n't work on any level .
There is no substitute for being there .
In a crisis , the leader must gather the experts — federal , state , local , public and private — not to discover who is to blame but to secure their active and continuous involvement until the crisis is resolved .
There is extraordinary power inherent in an assembly of brilliant people guided by an able leader .
In virtually every historic national crisis , our most effective leaders gathered the best minds they could find — consider the Founders in Philadelphia , Lincoln with his " Team of Rivals , " Roosevelt with scientists and generals seeking to end World War II , Kennedy with the " Best and Brightest " confronting the Cuban missile crisis .
What happens when men and women of various backgrounds , fields of expertise , and unfettered intellectual freedom come together to tackle a problem often exceeds any reasonable expectation .
Ideas from one may cross- fertilize the thinking of another , yielding breakthroughs .
The president of MIT told me that the university spent millions of dollars to build a bridge connecting two engineering departments that had been separated by a road — the potential for shared thinking made it more than worth the cost .
But even a gathering of experts wo n't accomplish much unless a skilled leader uses their perspective to guide the recovery .
So far , it has been the CEO of BP who has been managing the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The president surely can't rely on BP — its track record is suspect at best :
Its management of this crisis has been characterized by obfuscation and lack of preparation .
And BP 's responsibilities to its shareholders conflict with the greater responsibility to the nation and to the planet .
The president must personally lead the effort to solve the crisis .
He cannot delegate this quintessential responsibility of his presidency in the way he delegated the stimulus bill , the cap - and - trade bill and the health care bill .
It may be an instance of learning on the job , but it is a job only he can do .
The first rule of turnarounds is to focus time , energy and resources on what matters most .
The president simply cannot treat this crisis like another of his many problems .
The oil disaster could hurt millions of families , slam the regional economy , kill untold numbers of non-human lives and irreparably damage the planet .
Among other things , he must not hold more rock concerts at the White House — I understand James Carville 's venting :
His hero fiddled as oil churned .
Finding fault is easier than finding answers .
And worse , it paralyzes many of the very people who may be needed to solve a crisis .
When Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast states , Louisiana Gov. Kathleen Blanco went on the attack ; Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour went to work .
His state 's recovery is textbook ; hers is not .
President Obama 's instigation of criminal investigations of BP at this juncture is classic diversion politics — and worse , it will engender bunker mentality at a time when collaboration and openness are most critical .
BP 's actions and inactions are reprehensible ; it must be made to pay the billions upon billions of dollars that this spill will ultimately cost .
But call out the phalanx of lawyers later — solve the crisis today .
The president can learn a good deal from the crisis leadership of men and women in government and in business .
Giuliani is a notable example , but so too are Washington , Adams , Lincoln , Roosevelt , Eisenhower , Reagan and Kennedy .
In a time of national crisis , we look to our president to acknowledge , as Harry Truman did , that it is at his desk where the buck stops .
And even at Day 52 , it 's better late than never .
Mitt Romney , the former governor of Massachusetts , was a Republican presidential candidate in 2008 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The NAR reports : May Shows a Continued Strong Pace for Existing - Home Sales
Existing - home sales , which are completed transactions that include single - family , townhomes , condominiums and co-ops , were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.66 million units in May , down 2.2 percent from an upwardly revised surge of 5.79 million units in April .
May closings are 19.2 percent above the 4.75 million - unit level in May 2009 ; April sales were revised to show an 8.0 percent monthly gain .
...
Total housing inventory at the end of May fell 3.4 percent to 3.89 million existing homes available for sale , which represents an 8.3 - month supply at the current sales pace , compared with an 8.4 - month supply in April .
Raw unsold inventory is 1.1 percent above a year ago , but is still 14.9 percent below the record of 4.58 million in July 2008 .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows existing home sales , on a Seasonally Adjusted Annual Rate ( SAAR ) basis since 1993 .
Sales in May 2010 ( 5.66 million SAAR ) were 2.2 % lower than last month , and were 19.2 % higher than May 2009 ( 4.75 million SAAR ) .
The second graph shows nationwide inventory for existing homes .
According to the NAR , inventory decreased to 3.89 million in May from 4.04 million in April .
The all time record high was 4.58 million homes for sale in July 2008 .
Inventory is not seasonally adjusted and there is a clear seasonal pattern with inventory increasing in the spring and into the summer .
The increase in April 2010 was partially related to sellers hoping to take advantage of the housing tax credit , and a decline in May was expected ( I 'll have more on inventory later ) .
The last graph shows the ' months of supply ' metric .
Months of supply decreased slightly to 8.3 months in May .
A normal market has under 6 months of supply , so this is high - and probably excludes some substantial shadow inventory .
And the months of supply will probably increase sharply this summer as sales fade .
This was a very weak report - as anticpated by Tom Lawler yesterday ( see Lawler : Home Sales in May : A Look at the Data ) .
I 'll have more ...
Did you hear that great groaning sound ?
It was us , the people of Texas , expressing our opinion about the news that Congressman Joe Barton was fixing to investigate somebody .
“ Joe Barton ? ” people are asking , “ Is he still not in jail ?
What ’s he doing investigating somebody else ? ”
According to Houston reporters , “ Smoky Joe ” Barton , the pollution king of Ennis , Texas , has declared that he wants to investigate Citgo Petroleum for something , possibly for “ conduct unbecoming an oil company . ”
Citgo , wholly owned by the revolutionary government of Venezuela , has apparently been making it possible for poor people to keep from freezing , and other high crimes .
While people worry about being able to warm themselves this winter , a few progressive local governments have accepted Citgo ’s offer of low - priced heating oil .
Without pointing out how ridiculous Barton ’s investigation is , Citgo executives in Houston have sent Barton and Congressman Ed Whitfield , co-conspirator on this awkward investigation , a nice letter with some of the information he demanded and a commitment to provide the rest .
Citgo wrote :
“ Dear Congressmen Barton and Whitfield :
“ Citgo Petroleum Corporation acknowledges receipt of your letter , dated Feb. 15 , 2006 , requesting information about Citgo ’s discount heating oil program for low - income people .
“ Citgo initiated this program as a continuation of Citgo ’s response to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita when heating oil prices began to increase .
Citgo ’s interest in a discount heating oil program for low - income people began about the same time as a request from a number of United States senators asking energy companies to provide heating oil assistance to low - income people .
“ Citgo ’s discount heating oil program to low - income people has been implemented through existing charities that historically have provided low - cost heating oil to low - income people .
These charities select the recipients of the program .
Citgo shall attempt to comply with your request .
We expect to be able to answer your questions and to provide you with copies of all records pertaining to the discount heating oil program in Citgo ’s possession but it will take longer than a week .
Citgo should be able to provide such copies to you within 30 days . ”
Why anyone would be so polite to Smoky Joe Barton is a source of wonderment in Texas , where we have seen Barton take advantage of the uninformed people in his largely rural district to defend and encourage corporations that create some of the worst air quality in the state .
People living in Fort Worth or Dallas in adjacent districts curse the name of Smoky Joe every time our eyes sting .
Cement plants burn rubber tires in Barton ’s district , and nobody , so far , has been able to get past Barton to stop them .
The best , or worst , part of the joke is that Barton is chairman of the powerful Energy and Commerce Committee , which is supposed to regulate air pollution !
Barton has endorsed his friend and co-thinker Tom DeLay in the Republican primaries .
Legislative records indicate that Barton votes with DeLay 95 percent of the time .
Even while DeLay was being socked with multiple charges of corruption with rich lobbyists , Barton organized , on Jan. 15 , a luxury train ride from Fort Worth to San Antonio for wealthy backers .
A ticket was $ 2,000 !
His opponent in November , Democrat David Harris , says Joe raised and spent $ 700,000 ( to Harris ’ $ 7,000 ) during the last reporting period .
Smoky Joe ’s wealthy supporters undoubtedly feel that he needs the money .
More on Joe Barton — from the archives — click here .
Photo : Jim Lane / PW
First - Grader Labeled a Sexual Harasser Harassment or Horseplay : Should kids be accused of sexual harassment in school ?
April 4 , 2008  --
In schools across the country , kids as young as three and four are now facing charges of sexual harassment that will stay with them permanently on their school records .
These so - called " zero - tolerance " polices , designed to protect students from weapons and drugs or sexual violence , are often being taken quite literally .
Randy Castro , 7 , who likes recess and soccer , now has an alarming red flag in his school records .
It started on the playground with a first grade classmate .
" I saw another kid like hitting her butt so I did it , " Castro said .
His Potomac View Elementary
School then called the police and wrote him up as a sexual harasser .
Woodbridge , Md. school officials described the incident as " Sexual Touching Against Student , Offensive , " in their report .
" When I hear ' mommy they called police because I am a bad boy , ' that is the message that you 're giving to a 6 - year - old ? " said Randy 's mother , Claudia Castro .
Ted Feinberg , assistant director of the National Association of School Psychologists , was stunned by the school 's reaction and says 6 - year - olds have no idea what those behaviors mean .
" I believe they do not have the capacity for awareness of sexual motivation … it seems like a gross mislabeling of the behavior and an overreaction , " said Feinberg .
The school declined ABC News ' request for an interview , but said in a statement that a " misunderstanding " led the principal to call the police , and that " the police never spoke to the child and no disciplinary action was taken by the administration . "
According to the state 's Department of Education , 166 elementary students were suspended in Maryland last year for sexual harassment , including three preschoolers , 16 kindergartners and 22 first - graders .
In Virginia , 255 elementary students were suspended for offensive sexual touching last year as well .
Two years ago in Texas , a four - year - old was punished for sexual harassment after a teacher 's aide accused the pre-schooler of pressing his face into her breasts during a hug .
While a school 's priority is to keep kids safe , critics argue the " zero - tolerance " policies can mean zero discretion .
" Overwhelming research suggests that " zero - tolerance " is not effective and often engenders more bad behavior , " said Feinberg .
Randy 's school has told ABC News that this wo n't be going on his permanent record , but for Randy 's mom , his childhood innocence has been changed forever .
" They are treating him like a teenager or a grown - up … He is not .
He is just a child , " said Claudia Castro .
Child sex offenders do exist .
A Justice Department survey says that kids aged 7 - 11 were responsible for almost 4 percent of all the sexual assaults committed in the U.S.
The question is whether some of the kids being slapped with these sexual harassment labels deserve them .
Let GMA know what you think and weigh in with your thoughts on our comment board .
Over the past month , heavy rainfall from different storms across parts of Europe has caused massive amounts of flooding - some water moving slowly across river plains and farmland , some moving swiftly through cities and villages .
Dozens have lost their lives , many thousands evacuated their homes , some repeatedly - Poland in particular is suffering its worst flooding in decades .
More recently , parts of Spain and France have experienced flash floods that have carried away people and vehicles .
Collected here are some images of the flooding in Europe from the past several weeks .
( 42 photos total
Our Review
Class 3
Outbreak is a real - time zombie apocalypse simulator using google maps satellite imagery .
You take control of three police squads in either Leicester , England or Washington DC , USA just as the first zombie outbreaks start happening and need to manage your teams to try and take them out .
Inevitably you will start to lose more and more of the map to red dots and nukes will be dispatched to cleanse the city – can you at least get your team ' to the choppa ' before they hit ?
Our Rating : 3 / 5
Description
Class 3 Outbreak is an RTS zombie game running on Google Maps® .
Struggle to keep the zombie infection at bay with a hopelessly outnumbered police force , squash any outbreaks that appear and keep the zombie threat level at Class 1 for as long as possible .
Protect thousands of civilians over a 1 km square area in Washington DC , USA or Leicester , England .
Keep an eye out for infected civilians , and make sure none find their way outside of your police unit ’s reach .
Instructions
Screen Movement : WASD or Click / Drag .
Police Movement : Single click = move and stop to attack zombies .
Double click = run and do n’t stop for zombies no matter what .
Attacking : Move within range of zombies or click on them .
Thanks for playing !
Now check out Thanks for playing !
Now check out Guild of Dungeoneering , a game I 'm making where you build the dungeon instead of controlling the hero !
\o/
Mérida , June 17th 2010 ( Venezuelanalysis.com ) – The Venezuelan National Assembly passed a reform to the Land Law on Tuesday night which increases the ability of landless tenant farmers to obtain land and strengthens the state ’s power to convert large , idle estates into food producers .
When the law was originally passed in 2001 , it had the objective of eliminating large estates , or “ latifundios ” as they are called in Spanish , and redistributing the land to poor peasants .
This week ’s reform added a new objective : Eliminating the contracting or renting of land cultivation to third parties .
Latifundios and contracted agricultural labor are “ contrary to justice , equality , public interest , and social peace in the countryside , ” the law now says .
People or groups of people who have occupied or worked as tenants on privately owned lands for three years or more will be given special priority by the National Lands Institute ( INTI ) for the confiscation and transfer of the land to their name .
Communal Councils , peasant councils , and “ any other type of collective organization , ” are now included among the groups of people recognized as legitimate occupants of privately owned lands .
These groups have the right to the “ self - management and co-management ” of their lands and to participate in “ strategic , democratic , and participatory planning ” of “ integral and sustainable rural development . ”
The law prohibits the eviction of farmers from the land they are occupying or working on as tenants at the time of the law ’s passage .
Farmers who occupy land after the law ’s passage with the intention of cultivating the land and gaining title to it are also protected , unless INTI determines their occupation to be illegitimate or unjustified and evicts them .
The reform also changes the definition of a latifundio .
While the original law defined a latifundio as any estate larger than 5,000 hectares ( 12,250 acres ) , the reformed law says a latifundio is a piece of land that is larger than the average in its region or is not producing at 80 % of its productive capacity .
This capacity is to be determined “ in accordance with the plans and policies of the national executive , in the context of a regime that favors the common good and social function [ of lands ] , ” the law says .
The original law explicitly subjected private lands to the government ’s policy of converting Venezuela from an oil - dependent food importer to a self - sufficient , diverse economy .
But the reformed law goes even farther , establishing in Article 13 that the state will give special preference to “ the peasants who have the willingness and aptitude for agricultural production in harmony with the plans and agrarian programs of the National Executive . ”
Article 13 goes on to say the government ’s land redistribution project is based on “ the socialist principle according to which the land is for those who work on it . ”
To put further pressure on large estate owners , the reformed law requires that proof of private land ownership be demonstrated by “ a perfect sequence and linkage ” among documents that must have been granted by state entities including the former National Agrarian Institute , government ministries , the military , or the Spanish Crown .
National Assembly Legislator Mario Isea told the press on Tuesday , “ This law creates a legal platform for the state to re-order the use of land toward the agricultural vocation and thus be able to satisfy , in the medium and long term , the food needs of the Venezuelan population and not just a specific sector interested in enriching itself at the cost of environmental destruction and the exploitation of peasants . ”
However , the violent reaction of opponents of the law – mainly the wealthy elite that traditionally controlled the country before the election of President Hugo Chavez in 1998 – suggest the government may need more than a legal platform to succeed in its land reform efforts .
These opponents , claiming the law violates the right to private property that is protected by the National Constitution , launched a coup d’état against Chavez the year after the original law was passed .
Also , hired gunmen have assassinated an estimated 225 landless peasant leaders as they organized to occupy and gain title to sections of large estates since 2001 .
The estate owners are presumed to be behind the killings , but not one person has been convicted , due in part to the estate owners immense control over regional courts and military divisions .
The murders have driven several large peasant organizations , all of which are strong supporters of the Chavez government , to organize armed militias for self - defense , hold protests , and demand stronger action by the government to convict the killers and protect landless farmers who seek the benefits of the Land Law .
Article 15 of the National Constitution guarantees the right of individuals to own private property , but says the state shall place restrictions and obligations on that property “ in the service of the public or general interest . ”
Article 15 also guarantees “ fair compensation ” to all expropriated property , a provision with which the Chavez government complied as it confiscated 2.5 million hectares ( 6.2 million acres ) of land from private owners between 2001 and 2009 .
The land has been either turned over to small farmers and cooperatives or used for state farms and research laboratories .
I just finished reading an interesting essay entitled How to Disagree .
Written by Paul Graham , the essay introduces and describes a seven - level Hierarchy of Disagreement .
From name - calling to carefully reasoned refutation , Graham breaks down each level of the hierarchy with a brief explanation .
I completely agree with Graham ’s theory but I have to disagree with him in one critical area : his use of illustrations ( he uses none ) .
Graham ’s Hierarchy of Disagreement
Bam !
Graham ’s Hierarchy of Disagreement has been Maslowtized .
Visual - learning works great for many people and I thought it would be helpful to represent this theory graphically .
When you are using CreateDebate , the goal is to write strong arguments ( funny ones welcome too , sometimes ) .
You will write stronger arguments if you think about this graphic while you write .
As you browse the site and read debates , try to mentally classify the arguments with the most points .
Which level do they reach ?
Graham postulates that all arguments falling below Contradiction are unconvincing .
You may come across popular arguments that are intellectually dishonest .
Vote them down or respond : use your pin to pop those balloons .
As you craft a response , do your best to explicitly refute the central point of the argument .
In most cases , that will require thinking of something better than that ’s what she said .
The web is giving you an opportunity to respond to the world .
Take advantage of this opportunity .
Add Meg Whitman to the list of Republican nominees who are trying to pivot away from the divisiveness or extremism that helped them get nominated .
As reported by Salon 's Alex Pareene :
According to this ad that will run in California during today 's World Cup Mexico - France game , gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman respects the Latino community .
The ad is in Spanish , so white Republicans will never know that Whitman suddenly loves those scary immigrants .
The ad says Whitman 's " the Republican who opposed the Arizona law and opposed Proposition 187 . "
Of course , during the primary Whitman ran ads touting her opposition to amnesty and drivers licenses for illegal immigrants , and suggested that she might even send the National Guard to the border .
She did n't take it to the racist extremes of Arizona Republicans , but she was n't above marginalizing immigrants in order to secure her own Republican base .
Now , she 's turning around and trying to make nice .
She also flat out lied when she denied using the border fence in an ad , even though she actually did .
Fences pretty well define Republicanism .
Demonize a minority to unify the paranoid .
Divide and conquer .
The Whitman pivot is part of a trend .
Extremist Republican Senate nominees Sharron Angle and Rand Paul are attempting the same tactic .
Despite entire careers built on the far right fringe , they are now attempting to recast themselves as reasonable moderates .
Of course , Faux News has been there to help .
As Sam Stein explained , on June 14 :
On Monday morning , Nevada Republican Senate candidate Sharon Angle told " Fox and Friends " that , contrary to popular belief , she does not in fact want Social Security to be privatized .
She now says she wants to " personalize " Social Security , rather than privatize it .
Whatever that means .
Take a cue from Bush and come up with cute pet names ?
Media Matters took
Faux to task , quoting from Angle 's campaign website ( emphasis MM ) :
Free market alternatives , which offer retirement choices to employees and employers , must be developed and offered to those still in their wage earning years , as the Social Security system is transitioned out .
Young workers must be encouraged to investigate personal retirement account options .
But as Media Matters noted , this is how Faux 's Steve Doocy posed the question to Angle ( emphases mine ) :
Before you go , Sharron , just , you know , perhaps it 's misinformation or mischaracterization , but some have said that you are out to get rid of Social Security .
That 's not true , right ?
Which is where Angle pivoted to her " personalize " nonsense .
Of course , on previous Faux broadcasts , Faux 's own people had been clear about Angle 's views :
On the June 12 edition of Fox News ' Fox & Friends Saturday , host Alisyn Camerota asked Sarah Palin : " You supported Sharron Angle .
I do n't have to tell you that she has some controversial positions .
She wants to do away with the federal income tax and she wants to phase out Social Security .
Do you support those positions ? "
Stein :
Regardless of the set - up , the response remains noteworthy .
Angle , as pointed out by Jon Ralston , the dean of the Nevada political press corps , has been fairly unapologetic in the past about her desire to see Social Security privatized .
At one point , she said the program itself is " hard to justify . "
That she 's now tempering that position illustrates the clear sense among the national Republican establishment that she needs to moderate her platform if she stands a chance of beating Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid in the fall .
And moderate she will .
For the next several months , anyway .
And she wo n't be alone .
Stein :
Prior to her was Rand Paul , the Tea Party candidate from Kentucky , who insisted during an interview with Fox News 's Sean Hannity last week that he certainly would have voted for the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 , despite refusing to answer the question directly during previous interviews .
Paul , similarly , has toned down earlier remarks saying that the government was being too rough on BP in the wake of the oil spill in the Gulf , telling a local Kentucky radio station that the federal regulations in place " apparently was n't enough . "
As Angle and Paul , and their enablers at Faux , attempt to fool voters into electing candidates whose positions the voters clearly do n't like , it will be incumbent upon us to keep a close watch and to keep the discussions honest .
Because whatever Angle and Paul now do is n't what matters most .
What matters most is what they will do if they get to Washington .
And you can be certain that if they do get to Washington , they wo n't be the nice , sensible people they are now trying to pretend to be .
They will be themselves .
As for Whitman , it 's hard to say what she will stand for .
Or stand on .
Or whom she will stand on .
It does n't seem to matter , just so she 's the one standing on top .
A worker on the Deepwater Horizon tells Panorama 's Hilary Andersson that a key part of the rig 's spill prevention equipment was broken weeks before the rig exploded .
Tyrone Benton , who is now suing BP and Transocean , said both were informed of the leak in the safety device .
BP's Tony Hayward has told Congress that he has seen no evidence that safety was compromised in order to save money .
Panorama : BP - In Deep Water , BBC One , Monday , 21 June at 8.30BST .
In the six weeks BP's well has spewed oil into the ocean , Hayward has made a name for himself as the ' Bumbler from BP '
Barack Obama put the survival of BP's Tony Hayward in even deeper jeopardy yesterday , saying he would have sacked the chief executive for downplaying the catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico .
In the six weeks BP's well has spewed oil into the ocean , Hayward has made a name for himself as the " Bumbler from BP " for clumsy comments , leading the US president to say that he would have sacked Hayward if he had been " working for me " .
Obama had been asked by NBC to respond to Hayward 's claim , made in an interview with the Guardian last month , that " the amount of volume of oil and dispersant we are putting into it is tiny in relation to the total water volume " .
BP 's comment that the " Gulf of Mexico is a very big ocean " was widely criticised in the US for underplaying the scale of the crisis .
The president was also challenged over Hayward 's posting of a message on Facebook saying " I want my life back " , a quip deemed offensive to those oil workers who lost their lives in the explosion .
Obama responded : " He would n't be working for me after any of those statements . "
Obama strongly defended his role in dealing with the crisis , including his three visits to the region since the spill began .
" I was down there a month ago before most of these talking heads were even paying attention to the Gulf , " Obama said , adding he has talked to a variety of " experts " on the oil spill , as well as having listened to the local fishermen .
" I do n't sit around just talking to experts because this is a college seminar ; we talk to these folks because they potentially have the best answers , so I know whose ass to kick , " the president said .
Hayward will move further into the spotlight after he was invited to appear before the House of Representatives ' energy committee in Washington next Thursday for a hearing focused on BP 's role in the spill .
The tough talk from Obama today appears part of a concerted strategy to deflect growing public anger at the ongoing catastrophe in the region , especially from the president 's Democratic base .
However , Obama yesterday lifted restrictions on offshore oil and gas exploration in shallow waters , an unpopular move among his fellow Democrats .
He also pushed back against Republicans , announcing he would use his veto powers to overturn a vote in the Senate on Thursday that would strip his administration of powers to regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
Intel 's Next - Gen CPU will Require New Motherboards
By Ryan Whitwam on April 21 , 2010 at 4 p.m .
Intel is bringing some improvements with the new Sandy Bridge chips , but will consumers move to new sockets ?
The WSJ finds that Republican support has firmed up and does n't look like budging , in large part by anti-incumbent discontent among those older , whiter voters who are most determined to show up :
The voters who said they were most interested in the November elections favor Republican control of Congress by a 20 - point margin , with 56 % backing the GOP and 36 % backing Democratsthe highest gap all year on that question .
Sprung notes how far he is from where public opinion has swung on the actions of this Congress .
Me too .
But doing difficult but necessary things imperfectly is my idea of political progress .
And eighteen months is a very short time in which to judge the impact of any mandate at all .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Now completely protected , and brimming with fresh supplies of wood , ore , and booze , my fortress is doing better than ever .
And then I notice that my dwarves , having not seen the sun for too long , have been puking their guts out all the way to and from the trade depot .
They ’ve been walking on a path of puke .
That ’s really gross .
Rather than bemoan this , I embrace it !
I order the path and part of the outside courtyard to be paved over with olivine – a stone well known for its rich , puke - green color .
But it raises a dilemma .
I do n’t want my dwarves to become cave - adapted … but I do n’t want them going outside all the time either , even within the walls .
They ’d get in the way of more important operations , like farming .
I come up with a solution .
I ’ll dig a giant hole in the earth , leading 3 Z - levels down , to the dining level .
At the bottom will be a new statue garden .
Dwarves love their statue gardens and will surely want to hang out there , even though the nauseating sun will shine down upon them .
Look at those pathetic miners .
Look at how little stone they leave behind , how slowly they work !
Oh 1 and 2 , how I miss you .
Unfortunately , the top of the hole must emerge OUTSIDE the protective walls of my fortress .
I suppose I ’m going to have to risk it .
With half the digging complete , I need to get miners and masons outside so that they can mine downward and construct a wall around the hole .
It ’s too risky to use the trader ’s airlock , so I build a much smaller airlock consisting of 4 doors .
Two doors can be locked manually , and the other two are locked by levers .
I think it ’s a pretty clever design .
Once again beset upon by goblins , I discover I am wrong .
I should mention at this point that I do now in fact have a military .
But they are strictly marksdwarves .
None of that risky injury - inducing melee combat !
Here ’s a shot of them training .
This is just inside the fortress .
I once tried building fortified towers for them to shoot from , stationed atop my fortress walls , but that did n’t seem to work .
So I have them stationed on the ground , instead .
Amazingly , despite harrasment from the goblins AND kobolds , I manage to get the entire hole dug , and walls built around it for extra protection .
I ’m pleased .
But all of a sudden , the announcements feed is spammed with these :
What ?
Someone was injured ?
Who ?
I hope it ’s nobody important …
Shit .
Another of the numbered dwarves .
‘ 6 ’ Rigòthothlest is a VERY important dwarf … just look at all the stuff she ’s good at !
While normally a broken arm is n’t such a big deal , she ’ll die for sure unless I find a way to get water .
Meanwhile , the barf statue garden is working spectacularly .
Those dwarves will lose their cave adaption in no time !
6 begins to die a slow and painful death .
I try everything .
Maybe beer will be good enough ?
Wait , I have milk !
Will milk work ?
I stockpile both of them next to her bed .
Nothing .
Maybe I can I build a well somewhere ?
No , wells do n’t just magically produce water …
I have no options .
As 6 ’s condition worsens , I decide that the most humane ( dwarfane ? ) thing would be to allow her to die a quick death .
I begin construction on a magma pipeline , to fill her room and end her misery .
She dies of thirst before its completion .
I have her body laid to rest in a silver sarcophagus in her room .
And then I flood the room with magma anyway .
It seems like a dwarfy way to be buried .
POLITICIANS are by instinct incrementalists .
They espouse the rhetoric of radicalism , but in reality they tend to shave a bit off their predecessors ' legacy here and add a bit there ; to shuffle to the right or edge to the left .
Both they and their voters avoid radical change whenever possible .
The British government , preparing for an emergency budget on June 22nd , can go the incrementalist route , minimising the extent of change and accepting the shape of taxation and spending that Labour has bequeathed it .
Or it can take the radical road , bin previous plans and its own election pledges , and offer up a fiscal system designed for the future , not dictated by the past .
This newspaper has no doubt which it would prefer .
Top of the flops
The fiscal deficit that George Osborne , the chancellor of the exchequer , must tackle is not just the biggest in Britain 's post - war history ; on forecasts by the IMF in May , getting the public finances back on track is the toughest assignment facing any G20 country .
We lay out the full details here .
Mr Osborne needs spending cuts and tax increases that add up to around 7 % of GDP , while avoiding imperilling a still - fragile economy .
Three principles should guide him .
First , most of the retrenchment should come from cutting spending ; second , any new taxes should focus on consumption ; and third , both spending cuts and tax increases should be designed not just to cut the deficit but also to refashion government .
On the first point , although some tax increases will be needed to shore up fiscal capacity lost when revenue - raising financial services and property deals bit the dust , international experience argues that spending cuts , not tax rises , should bear the brunt .
And given that spending has risen by ten percentage points to almost half of GDP in less than a decade , there is scope for cutting .
The government 's plan to extract 80 % of the adjustment from spending is a good starting point .
Debates about how to cut spending tend to get stuck in a sterile argument about whether it is best to dictate a standard reduction across the board and tell departments to get on with it ( as happened in Sweden ) , or to pick on particular areas ( as in Canada ) .
Mr Osborne needs to do both .
Given the huge growth in government over the past decade , some form of universal cut , even if it is just a few percentage points , should apply to all departments .
But future priorities will be different from past ones and some departments are more wasteful than others , so there should be selective culling on top of that .
That means breaking a ( bad ) promise .
Before the election , the Tories promised not to cut health expenditure .
But the health service , which absorbs about a fifth of total spending , has been the prime recipient of Labour 's largesse , and too much of the money has gone into pampering doctors .
The government should walk away from that commitment , blaming the unknowable fiscal horrors Labour left behind it .
A second target is welfare , which accounts for more than a quarter of all spending .
The biggest chunk of welfare is providing the state pension .
Pension payments should not be cut , because British pensioners get one of the rawest deals in Europe ; but the total bill could be reduced by raising the pensionable age .
That would encourage people to stay in work , which is good for health , happiness and tax revenues .
Other welfare spending on the better - off should be cut back .
Two examples are child benefit , which all parents of dependent children receive , and winter - fuel payments , to which all households with someone over 60 are entitled .
Child benefit should be means - tested ; and , as state pensions are being reinforced a bit anyway , fuel payments should cease .
Too much money also goes on long - term benefits for fundamentally fit people of working age , which helps neither them nor the budget .
Cutting this will be harder because it requires reforms to help people into work .
Labour tackled the problem late in life ; the new government must pick up the baton and run faster .
One choice across all public services is how much to carve out of capital spending , which voters tend to notice less because its impact is long - term .
A smaller economy may justify some lessening of ambition where physical infrastructure is concerned .
But for Britain to emerge from this crisis its economy must grow , and this takes decent roads and rail and research labs .
Labour 's plan to cut net investment by 1.5 % of GDP should be whittled back .
In cutting current spending , the public - sector payroll is an obvious target , not least because public employees are better paid and have much nicer pensions than most private employees .
A public pay freeze for two years would bring wages back into line , and public employees should be required to contribute a lot more towards their generous pensions .
The public - sector head count has grown by over a tenth in the past decade , and as many as 400,000 jobs may have to go .
Carbon tax , your time has come
Sensible selective slashing along these lines could cut spending by 5 % of GDP or so .
That leaves up to 2 % to come from tax rises .
Labour left an unhappy soak - the - rich potpourri of income , national - insurance and other tax increases worth 1.2 % of GDP ; the government wants to trim it to 0.8 % , but it is proposing further dubious tinkering with income - tax allowances and capital - gains rates .
It would be better to raise consumption taxes , which do n't discourage people from working or saving .
This could mean increasing VAT a notch or two , but it is also a chance to strike out from shore and introduce a new carbon tax .
Properly designed , such a tax could not just raise revenue but also help to cut greenhouse - gas emissions and encourage investment in alternative energy sources ( see article ) .
Since both the carbon tax and VAT hit the poor harder than the rich , some offsetting rise should be inflicted on the well - off .
The best option may be to stick with some of Labour 's tax hikes .
In all this , the government must keep a close eye on the health of the economy .
While the recovery remains fragile , there is no advantage in sticking dogmatically to a timetable .
On the timing of the retrenchment , Mr Osborne must show caution ; on its substance , he must show courage .
You can keep your Optimus and Das Keyboard clickers : nothing compares to the pure , physical , carpal tunnel - inducing feel of a manual typewriter .
If you want to bring that feel to your new - age gadget , Jack Zylkin can deliver it , able to convert your Royal Standard to USB standard , and plenty of other brands too .
The system works by having the keys strike a board and create a circuit which is then piped out of a ubiquitous A - Type connector .
A DIY kit will set you back $ 75 and at least a couple hours of your time ( maybe more ) , while a ready - to - click pre-assembled model costs between $ 400 and $ 500 .
Given the intricate nature of the install we 'd say that 's probably the better bet -- unless you 're particularly attached to your old manual .
Video demonstration after the break .
Need to Want Less
When I was 8 I wanted a puppy .
When I was 10 I wanted parachute pants .
When I was 12 I wanted an Olgivile perm .
When I was 14 I wanted a boy named Robbie .
When I was 16 I wanted a car .
When I was in my 20's I wanted to make bad choices .
Now I want everything .
I only need enough to survive .
Wilfred ( inset ) , and the place he claims to be buried .
MONTGOMERY , AL — In a major scandal that could cast doubt on his political future , U.S. Senate candidate Chris Wilfred came under fire this week for comments he made alleging he had died heroically while fighting in the Vietnam War .
Advertisement
Wilfred made the controversial claim during a speech Monday honoring three American soldiers recently killed in Afghanistan .
" I know all too well the depth of their sacrifice , for I myself was killed on a battlefield far away from home , " Wilfred , a three - term Democratic state representative , said to a crowd of hundreds .
" But we who have laid down our lives — whether in Vietnam or Afghanistan — have done so with the knowledge that our deeds have kept our country safe . "
Advertisement
Added Wilfred , " Their deaths , like mine , were not in vain . "
Following the speech , critics pounced on Wilfred 's comments , accusing him of overstating his military record for the sake of scoring political points .
Rep. Mike Hubbard , who acts as chairman of the Alabama Republican Party , said that a close examination of Wilfred 's history shows his claims do n't add up .
Advertisement
" There 's a lot of evidence here that contradicts his statements , " Hubbard said .
" For one thing , there 's no official record of anyone by his name dying as a member of the armed forces during that time .
And public documents clearly show that he was married in 1982 and has renewed his driver 's license a number of times over the past four decades . "
" I 'm not calling Mr. Wilfred a liar , " Hubbard added .
" But I think the American people deserve to know the full truth . "
Advertisement
Footage from various campaign stops in recent weeks reveals a number of inconsistencies in the way Wilfred has portrayed his wartime death .
At a rally in Albertville , for example , Wilfred described how he had been fatally wounded during a raid on a Vietcong tunnel complex .
Yet at a town hall meeting in Montgomery later that week , he touted his patriotism by pointing out that he had , after all , been gunned down by a sniper while patrolling the Mekong Delta .
Advertisement
And in a video from the Calhoun County Fair 's annual pie-eating contest , at which Wilfred acted as honorary timekeeper , the Senate candidate is heard recounting his death by rocket - propelled grenade .
At one point Wilfred tells participants , " They still have n't found my head . "
When approached by reporters , Wilfred acknowledged the possibility of minor misstatements but vehemently defended the substance of his comments .
Advertisement
" It 's natural over the course of a long campaign to misspeak in some small way now and again , " Wilfred said .
" But I know what I gave for my country .
I know where my last drop of blood was spilled .
I was there . "
Continued Wilfred , " How dare you dishonor my memory to my face ? "
Nevertheless , a new conservative advocacy group called Truth 2010 has unveiled an attack ad assailing the candidate 's credibility .
Called " Where 's The Grave ? " the 30 - second spot slowly pans across a row of veterans ' headstones as a voice - over intones , " Come clean , Chris Wilfred .
Or tell us which one of these is yours . "
Advertisement
When told of the ad , a spokesman for the Wilfred campaign accused Truth 2010 of trying to distract voters from the real issues .
" Folks in Alabama are worried about their jobs and providing for their families , not this junk , " Wilfred campaign spokeswoman Deana Riggs said .
" Come November , voters are n't going to care about who did or did n't die in this or that war . "
Advertisement
" Chris Wilfred is the man for the job , " Riggs continued .
" God rest his soul . "
Public reaction to the controversy has thus far been mixed .
Bob Melick , a self - described independent voter , told reporters that while he would withhold judgment until all the facts were in , he hoped the allegations against Wilfred proved untrue .
Advertisement
" I guess I do n't want to believe the worst about him , " Melick said .
" But whatever happens , I 'll always respect him for being the man who killed Hitler . "
Oil cleanup workboat crews work Wednesday in the Perdido Pass in Orange Beach , Ala .
New waves of oil have not come ashore and cleanup work continues , leaving Alabama 's beaches in much better condition than a few days earlier .
less
View full size View full size
GULF SHORES , Ala . -- Baldwin County 's first landing of oil has been confirmed in Gulf Shores .
Globs of oil were coming ashore today on the west side of Gulf State Park near Gulf - front condos and in some other areas .
A park official said that oil has come ashore throughout the state park , though the highest concentrations are at the west end .
When the oil came ashore around noon , the beach was crowded and people were swimming in the Gulf .
When the oil washed onto the beach , tourists began collecting it in water bottles , poking at it with sticks and even touching it , the official said .
The reddish globs have the consistency of honey and do n't wash off easily .
Cleanup crews had yet to arrive an hour and a half after the oily material washed ashore .
Two boats tried to corral the oil with boom but appeared unsuccessful .
A cleanup crew chief who arrived at the scene said the water was too rough to corral the oil , and that he was waiting for about 100 laborers to arrive to clean up the mess with shovels .
In Orange Beach , Coastal Resources Manager Phillip
West said that he had responded to reports of tarballs and oil - covered debris , like beer bottles and bits of Styrofoam but he said no oil had yet made landfall east of the state park .
Isolated small patches of oil have washed ashore at the Bon Secour National Wildlife Rufuge , Jereme Phillips , refuge manager said .
The small patches were discovered between Mobile Street and Laguna Key subdivision , Phillips said .
The oily material came ashore around 3 p.m. , he said .
( This story was updated at 3:50 p.m. )
On May 16 , 1960 , Theodore Maiman did something totally awesome at Hughes Lab : he fired the first functional laser and sent the future of arena rock and the rave scene well on its way .
Hughes Lab has since moved on to become the military skunkworks Raytheon and the laser has moved into history as one of the coolest things to ever come out of a laboratory .
Not a week goes by that we do n't see someone doing something amazing with the things , whether it 's blowing up ballistic missiles or just beaming your home movies on the wall .
So , to everyone involved in the creation of the laser ( including the great Albert Einstein himself ) , we salute you with this commemorative video embedded below .
Amateur video of Rain in Louisina !
this looked exactly like what we saw yesterday under the Bay Saint Louis Miss Bridge On Our Way Out To Cat Island In The Gulf .
Thick Brown Gooey Foam
" We had less debt cumulatively ( two years ago ) , and more people employed .
Today , we have more risk in the system , and a smaller tax base , " Taleb said .
" Banks balance sheets are just as bad as they were " two years ago when the crisis began and " the quality of the risks has n't improved , " he added .
The root of the crisis over the past couple of years was n't recession , but debt , which has spread " like a cancer , " according to Taleb , who is now relived that public attention has shifted to debt , instead of growth .
The world needs to prepare itself for austerity , he warned .
" We need to slash debt .
Unfortunately , that 's the only solution , " Taleb said .
Other analysts warned about austerity programs spreading from the euro zone to the US where the growth in debt will become unsustainable over the longer term .
lots of cool modifications and add - ons .
If you 're talking about your personal icon , select your SN and pull up info ; double click on the icon and mac 's little icon display thing will pop up .
You can just drag any picture you want in the window and resize to taste .
EDIT : Oh , yeah ... whatsaid
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
The U.S. national debt hit $ 13 trillion today , a stratospheric number with looming implications for every citizen .
With about 309 million people living in the U.S. , the average American owns a $ 42,000 piece of debt — and the 110 million taxpayers owe an even larger chunk per person as the debt grows ever larger .
Below are some figures from the U.S. National Debt Clock , which tracks the red ink every second of every day .
According to the Debt Clock :
• Total national debt : $ 13 trillion
• Debt per citizen : $ 42,026
• Debt per taxpayer : $ 117,982
• Total interest due : $ 1.9 trillion
• Interest per citizen : $ 2,211
Click here to see the Debt Clock , which is updated every second .
• Total personal debt : $ 16.5 trillion
• Total mortgage debt : $ 14.1 trillion
• Total consumer debt : $ 2.45 trillion
• Personal debt per citizen : $ 53,483
• Debt held by foreign countries : $ 4.07 trillion
The Debt Clock is not run by the U.S. government , but the information it collects comes from a range of government sources , including the U.S. Treasury , the Federal Reserve , the Congressional Budget Office , the Office of Management and the Budget , the U.S. Census and the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Click here to visit the debt clock .
[ Author 's Note :
The article has been modified to correct the assertion that Unreal IRC has any relation to Unreal -- the first - person shooter developed by Epic Games . ]
I 've got good news and bad news for those of the misguided perception that Linux is somehow impervious to attack or compromise .
The bad news is that it turns out a vast collection of Linux systems may , in fact , be pwned .
The good news , at least for IT administrators and organizations that rely on Linux as a server or desktop operating system , is that the Trojan is in a download that should have no bearing on Linux in a business setting .
An announcement on the Unreal IRCd Forums states " This is very embarrassing ... We found out that the Unreal3.2.8.1.tar.gz file on our mirrors has been replaced quite a while ago with a version with a backdoor ( trojan ) in it .
This backdoor allows a person to execute ANY command with the privileges of he user running the ircd .
The backdoor can be executed regardless of any user restrictions ( so even if you have passworded server or hub that does n't allow any users in ) . "
The post goes on to say " It appears the replacement of the .tar. gz occurred in November 2009 ( at least on some mirrors ) .
It seems nobody noticed it until now . "
Unreal IRC is an Internet relay chat platform .
I do n't have any numbers on the total downloads since November of 2009 , but it seems safe to assume there are a lot of Linux systems out there compromised by a backdoor Trojan .
However , none of those systems should be in a place of business , so the risk from a business perspective is not very high .
IT administrators can learn , though , from the mea culpa at the end of the UnrealIRCd Forums post .
" We simply did not notice , but should have .
We did not check the files on all mirrors regularly , but should have .
We did not sign releases through PGP / GPG , but should have done so . "
Basically , because of the false sense of security provided by Linux it simply never occurred to anyone to check if the software might be compromised .
Combining that false sense of security with the security by obscurity factor that Linux makes up less than two percent of the overall OS market and is n't a target worth pursuing for attackers , means that many Linux owners have zero defenses in place .
To be fair , Linux experts are aware that the operating system is not bulletproof .
You can pick any flavor of Linux , and its accompanying tools and applications and find hundreds of vulnerabilities .
The difference -- according to the many lectures I have received in the comments of articles I have written on Windows security -- is that the way the Linux OS is written makes it harder to exploit a vulnerability , and that because its open source vulnerabilities are fixed in hours rather than months .
The lesson for IT Admins managing Linux is to be more vigilant .
Linux is not impervious to attack .
Hopefully the Linux systems in a business environment are n't running Unreal , but it 's quite possible that Unreal is not the only compromised software available .
Linux does not have the vast array of threats facing it that Windows systems do , but there are still threats .
Even if those threats are n't exploited through a quickly - spreading worm , they are still there and represent a potential Achilles heel in your network security if not monitored and protected .
Do n't make the mistake of simply assuming Linux systems are safe because they 're Linux systems .
Implement similar security controls and policies for Linux as you have in place for Windows systems and you can prevent being pwned by a backdoor Trojan for months without even knowing about it .
You can follow Tony on his Facebook page , or contact him by email at tony_bradley@pcworld.com .
He also tweets as @ Tony_BradleyPCW .
Well , Metacritc 's score is almost spot on .
This film has tons of problems .
And you can tell this film was rushed so badly and almost no heart was put into it .
The characters have little personality , and if you 're going to this film to see the cleverness and for all of the great Well , Metacritc 's score is almost spot on .
This film has tons of problems .
And you can tell this film was rushed so badly and almost no heart was put into it .
The characters have little personality , and if you 're going to this film to see the cleverness and for all of the great memorable characters , you will be very disappointed .
Almost no humor is present , and Sokka does n't even tell one joke in the entire film or make a sarcastic remark , which is what his whole character is about !!
The effects are mediocre at best , and could 've been so much better .
I do n't know why the say some of the names differently , which is stupid .
The charcters hardly resemble themselves from the series except Katara and Sokka which made me happy , but then again Sokka is n't funny at all , and all Katara does is cry and protect Aang .
I hated all the things they changed in this movie too ; it just ruined it and insulted my intelligence ..
The only scenes I appreciated and liked isthe beginning in the South Pole , the blue - spirit scenes and the very end .
And the action scenes you see in the trailers , is basically all of the action that 's in the movie , which just ruins it even more .
Shyamalan did n't care about this movie at all or very little .
The entire first season crammed into 90 minutes is not enough for this film , and if he cared about it , he would give the fans what they wanted and make it a 2 1 / 2 hour film with an extended edition for the die - hard fans and actually have character - development and a story that resembles the actually first season by 70 % atleast ...
It just makes me sad that this film was made , it should 've never been created in the first place , and did nothing for the fans and it tells you Shyamalan cares more about money than us ...
I 'm so angry ; I could 've written a screen - play ten times better than this !!
And I wish I could direct a new - film just to get it right !!!
The only reason it deserves a four which is being nice , is that it looks like some effort was put into it and atleast they got some characters that resembled their animated counterparts and it was somewhat related to Book One and gave me inspiration to write my own screenplay to redo this horrible masterpiece , and making go back to watching and appreciating the animated series even more .
Have super low expectations if you see this ...
Short Review :
It 's not a good film and it will disappoint many Avatar fans , and the characters have no personalities and the film is way too rushed .
Also has lots of stupid changes and Shymalan is a horrible director .
Do n't see this in the theaters , rent it if you 're a fan or you just want to entertain and calm down some kids or just for a good pop-corn film .
I would 've liked this film more if I did n't see this in the theatres , because I expect such a better experience .
Have low expectations in be in a good mood for a better experience .
4/10 .
Shorter Review : Just rent it if you 're a fan with very low expectations .
4/10 .
I do n't have much to say about the acting since they 're just kids and have n't really started an acting career yet .
And is mostly Shyamalan 's fault for not being a better director .
…
Expand
When we look at the plethora of sports we have at our disposal , we cannot really say that we have
Whooping cough is at the top of its five - year cycle and , according to Mike Sicilia of the California Department of Health , is “ on track to surpass our 50 - year high . ”
So why is a disease that can be fatal to infants on the rise , especially since we have a vaccination for it ?
That ’s an excellent and important question and some doctors think they have the answer .
Furthermore , I happen to agree with them .
Over the last decade or so , a statistically significant number of parents have opted out of vaccinating their children based on a 1997 study now thoroughly debunked as a fraud .
The hysteria caused by that report has had lasting effects , and not just with whooping cough ; measles , once thought to be mostly eradicated , is now back and , in Britain , officially listed as “ endemic ” .
Parents who pay more attention to Hollywood celebrities than they do doctors and scientists have done a significant disservice to their children and to society at large .
I understand wanting what ’s best for your kids and the claims made in that infamous study — that vaccines cause autism — were indeed frightening , but basing a serious decision such as whether or not to vaccinate on hysteria and second - rate actors looking to revive their careers over the American Academy of Pediatrics is ridiculous and irresponsible .
But wait — if autism is n’t caused by vaccines , what does cause it and how do scientists explain the increase in autism in the last couple of decades ?
Well , it turns out that the prevalence of autism has not increased but that it is being diagnosed more frequently .
As for what causes autism , it appears now that it is a genetic condition .
David Gorski , writing for the blog Science - Based Medicine , says that “ In reality autism appears to have a major and probably predominant genetic component , and several scientific studies over the last few years have linked autism with various genetic abnormalities . ”
Gorski refers to a recent study published in the journal Nature that looked at the link between global rare copy number variation and autism .
It ’s not an easy read , but that ’s because it ’s serious science and there are serious scientists who want to know exactly how the study was done so that they can validate it and perhaps even duplicate it .
Unlike the Jim Carrey FUD — Fear , Uncertainty and Doubt — that relies on anecdotes and hyperbole .
So the long and the short of the matter is that while the easily fooled may run around blaming vaccines , real scientists are busy digging into what really causes autism .
Unfortunately , all it took was one bad apple to simultaneously waste a lot of researchers ’ time and energy and to convince parents not to vaccinate their kids .
Vaccinations are important not only for the child being vaccinated but also for all the other children that kid comes in contact with .
Otherwise , we will continue to see record numbers of whooping cough and other diseases .
Tags : anti-vax , autism , genes , genetics , jim carrey , measles , mmr , studies , vaccines , whooping cough
There 's nothing new or unusual about a patent - holding company tossing a few lawsuits against the wall to try to wring some cash out of the smartphone industry , which has lately become crowded with lawsuits filed by holding companies and competing companies alike .
What is unusual is who owns MobileMedia : MPEG -LA , the private company that oversees a total of eight patent pools covering important digital video standards — MPEG - 2 and MPEG - 4 being the most common—used in DVD players and pretty much every other device that supports digital video .
Contributors to those pools , whose contents MPEG - LA has licensed to literally hundreds of companies , include Hewlett - Packard , Panasonic , Sony , and Cisco subsidiary Scientific Atlanta ( see full list ) .
MPEG - LA's CEO Larry Horn also heads MobileMedia .
Second , MPEG - LA 's licensing rates are relatively low — $ 2.50 per device for those that want to make a DVD player using MPEG - 2 standards , for example , down from $ 4 back in 2002 .
And the pool is controlled by a large group of competitors with a shared incentive to keep those rates low ( lower licensing costs means more devices made means more revenue for pool contributors ) .
Finally , MPEG - LA does n't file enforcement lawsuits on its own .
If a user of the MPEG - 2 standard , for example , refuses to pay to license patents from the company 's pools , MPEG - LA notifies the patent - holders that they may want to file suit .
MPEG - LA simply plays an administrative role .
Even more unusual is that one of the companies targeted in MobileMedia 's initial batch of suits is Apple ( the others were BlackBerry maker Research in Motion and HTC ) .
Apple happens to be among the companies that has contributed patents to MPEG - LA patent pools , including those covering the MPEG - 4 and the IEEE 1394 ( Firewire ) standards .
That puts
Horn in the position of collecting money for Apple on behalf of MPEG - LA while at the same time trying to wring money out of the company on behalf of MobileMedia .
Considering the breadth of MobileMedia 's patent claims — the company claims to hold patents relating to all the central functions of " call handling , speed dial functions , database searches , audio download and playback , and still picture and video processing " — it 's easy to imagine that Apple wo n't be the last company to wind up on both sides of Larry Horn .
In an interview , Horn told The Prior Art that said he does n't see a problem with his dual roles .
" We 've been threading that needle for 14 years , " he says .
" [ At MPEG - LA ] , we 've run eight patent pools .
Some companies are owners of patents in one pool and not in another .
Some are users — licensees — in one pool , and not in another .
Our mission in each pool is to proactively and vigorously license the patents to the market , on behalf of our licensors . "
" At MPEG - LA , we 've always gone after anybody in need of a license , to offer them one , " Horn adds .
" You get no favoritism just because you happen to be a licensor in one program .
If somebody gives us the right to license their IP in one context , they have to expect we 're going to license someone else 's IP in another context .
Our credibility is based on that .
" In other words , MPEG - LA is already in a position in which it sees that some companies getting paid because of their patent rights while it " encouages " other companies to pay up in exchange for those rights .
It 's always possible , Horn says , for some overlap to occur .
But there are big differences between the MPEG - LA licensing operation and the nascent MobileMedia campaign .
First of all , MPEG - LA 's patent pools are widely recognized as vital to digital video technology throughout the industry .
And they 're accepted as covering industry standards .
MobileMedia , on the other hand , holds patents that cover phone features but not industry standards .
By contrast , MobileMedia owns its 122 U.S. patents ( and related foreign patents ) outright , and so can enforce them directly .
And its majority owner is a pure patent - licensing company that does n't make products .
That gives it an incentive structure more like those of typical " non-practicing entities " — also known as " patent trolls " — that use the threat of litigation to collect settlement cash without concern for the actual market in question .
( Of course , the typical non-practicing entity does n't often throw out 10 patents that originated in Sony and Nokia research and development operations ) .
Horn says he 'd prefer not to file suit .
" We 're attempting to have very cordial discussions with the parties about taking a license , " he says .
" These are not marginal patents , these are extraordinarily valuable patents .
And the law is , those who use it , should be licensed for it .
" And , he says , rather than being a problem , the overlap between MPEG - LA and MobileMedia is a major advantage .
MPEG -LA has experience putting together useful patent pools into " one-stop shopping " patent licenses , and has taken less than 40 enforcement actions while licensing patents to thousands of companies over the years .
( The MPEG - 2 standard alone has been licensed to more than 1,500 companies . )
One attorney familiar with MPEG - LA that TPA spoke to suggested that MobileMedia 's sudden move could have been prompted by the recent spate of patent suits between competing smartphone makers .
Most notably , Nokia sued Apple for patent infringement in September , and was countersued late last year .
Now Nokia is , indirectly at least , enforcing patents again against Apple , as part owner of MobileMedia .
But Horn says his operation is n't a part of any patent " proxy war . "
MobileMedia , he maintains , owns its patents outright , and makes its own decisions about how to enforce them .
MobileMedia investor Sony Corp.— which , like Nokia , owns a minority stake of at least 10 percent in the holding company — is typically on the receiving end of so - called troll suits .
Contacted about MobileMedia 's suits against RIM , HTC , and Apple , Sony provided an e-mailed statement saying that the new venture was just a hum - drum part of patent management : " Sony has a long history of successfully managing its large patent portfolio , which was developed through years of product innovation and R&D .
We have done this alone , jointly with other companies and through third parties ...
In this instance , we have a significant number of patents for portable and mobile device technologies , and this is another example of managing our patent portfolio and making it more broadly available in an efficient manner .
"
In the future , look for more of that technology to be " made available " in East Texas courts . •
MobileMedia Ideas , LLC v. HTC Corp. 10 - cv-112 , filed
3/31/10 , E.D. Texas ( Marshall ) .
[ PDF • MobileMedia IDeas , LLC v. Research in Motion , Ltd. 10 - cv-113 , filed
3/31/10 , E.D. Texas ( Marshall ) .
[ PDF
• MobileMedia Ideas , LLC v. Apple Inc. 10 - cv-258 , filed 3/31/10 , D. Delaware . [ PDF ]
Photo : flickr / Incase Designs
You should know better by now not to buckle up , buckle up your loved ones , and avoid texting while driving altogether .
But , increasingly , it 's also the law .
Last week , both Georgia and Vermont joined 26 other states in banning text messaging by all drivers .
The Vermont rule went into effect June 1 , while the new Georgia rule is effective July 1 .
Georgia also recently passed a bill , signed into law last week by Governor Sonny Purdue , to remove an exemption that allowed pickup drivers to avoid buckling up .
According to state estimates , at least 100 lives will be saved each year by the new rule .
Just this past week , Kansas Governor Mark Parkinson signed a bill into law that will permit police in the state to stop drivers who are n't wearing a seat belt .
Previously , motorists could only be cited if the driver had been stopped for another violation .
A total of 31 states now have primary seat belt laws , while 18 states have secondary ones .
New Hampshire stands alone in having no seat belt requirement for adults .
Obese less likely to wear seatbelts
Colorado tightened its occupant restrains laws , too , by requiring that children seven years and younger ( as opposed to five years old under the current law ) be in a child restraint or booster seat .
The new law goes into effect August 1 .
For a complete run-down of seat belt laws on a state - by - state basis , visit the these pages from the IIHS or GHSA .
[ Governors Highway Safety Association ; IIHS ]
No Deposit Bonuses for Canadians
Online casinos give Canadian players a no deposit bonus when they join specific casino sites .
There currently is more choices of casinos to pick from in Canada then anywhere else .
Of course there is some which will not accept users but the majority do .
These are safe and secure site which have been in operation for years , and they do pay out wins directly to your bank account if that is what you are looking for .
Of course you can use web wallets to fund the casinos and withdraw wins , this is totally up to you .
To make things a bit better you will find special bonus casinos for Canada players where the no deposit offer is exclusive .
The amounts range from a few spins to thousands of dollars .
A couple months ago one player in Canada won over 7 million on a progressive jackpot game , there is a good chance that the next winner will be from Canada as well which the progressive is currently over 8 million .
So with the no deposit bonuses you can claim why not try your luck out .
The special no deposit bonus may end without giving notice , for this reason when you see promotions such as this one , you should join up as soon as you see it .
If not , the casino may end the promotion .
