Hopes of a biofuel bonanza for Southeast Asia , raised when sky - high oil prices made the search for alternative fuels a priority , have been shelved as global fortunes and crude prices nose - dive .
Back when movie stars won plaudits for driving hybrid cars , and grains and oils were going cheap , regional governments grew excited over producing biofuel to lower energy costs and soak up agricultural stockpiles .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Malaysia and Indonesia , which produce most of the world 's palm oil , heavily promoted their version of biofuel -- a mixture of diesel with five percent processed palm oil .
But the excitement evaporated as crude oil , which peaked at 147 dollars in July 2008 , fell to current levels below 37 dollars .
That triggered a massive drop in palm oil prices from 1,245 dollars per tonne a year ago to 405 dollars per tonne last December .
Although palm oil prices have now recovered slightly to 526 dollars per tonne , supply has been disrupted as many firms shut down production or refuse to sign long - term supply contracts because of the volatile outlook .
The Malaysian government says it will now review 91 biofuel plant licenses issued during the sector 's heyday , as the majority are not operating .
" You see , we have been hit by the double whammy of low palm oil prices and low crude oil prices , " deputy plantations and commodities minister Kohilan Pillay told AFP .
" The situation now is very low palm oil prices that have caused uncertainty in supply , and at the same time low crude oil prices that have reduced biofuel demand , and that is bad news , " he said .
Back in 2006 , Malaysia was aiming to be the global leader in biodiesel production , and launched the Asian region 's first commercial biodiesel plant .
It was propelled by strong demand for biodiesel from Europe and as far afield as Colombia , India , South Korea and Turkey , but these days it has fallen back on domestic demand , mostly from the government sector .
" With such low prices in palm and crude oil , local producers have effectively shut down most of their biofuel production as the only demand going forward at the moment is coming from the domestic market , " said Khoo Hock Aun , managing director of regional biotech company Cosmo Biofuels .
The Malaysian government is trying to stimulate the industry by making it compulsory to use biofuel in diesel vehicles .
" We are now trying to use up our biofuels stocks while trying to stimulate biofuel usage through a law passed last year that has made its use compulsory for all government diesel vehicles since February this year , " Pillay said .
Pillay said the policy would be implemented in phases throughout the civil service and become mandatory for all privately owned diesel vehicles starting next February .
In Indonesia , the government recently proposed a 70.6 million dollar plan to support biofuel development , but low prices have it worried .
" What matters now is the uncompetitive biofuel price , which has affected production , " said Evita Legowo , the energy and mineral resources ministry 's top official on oil and gas .
" We 've tried to raise subsidies for biofuel development .
It 's difficult , " she said of plans to maintain a stable supply to the domestic market .
Last September , the government issued laws mandating biofuel use by manufacturers , businesses and power plant operators , with the state oil company required by law to sell fuel with at least a one percent biofuel content .
" We aim for a five percent biofuel use in our energy mix in 2025 , " Legowo added , insisting that Indonesia has not stepped back on biofuel research and development .
The malaise in the industry has suspended for the moment a debate over the environmental impact of biofuel , which campaigners had said was a new cause of deforestation and destruction of wildlife habitats .
The boom triggered vast new plantings of palm oil in Indonesia and on Borneo island which is shared between Malaysia and Indonesia , which environmentalists said threatened orangutans , tigers and rhinoceros .
The production of biofuels from agricultural commodities was also blamed for pushing up food prices , in a report by the UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation last year .
This article is reproduced with kind permission ofÂ Agence France - Presse Â ( AFP )
For more news and articles visit theÂ AFP website
This short post is intended to be a discussion thread .
Below the fold , I outline one radical idea for OPEC to achieve their goal in the short term .
All OPEC states want the oil price to rise from current $ 44 / bbl ( WTI ) .
Some states will also be concerned that the price target is affordable by their OECD customers .
But set against a backdrop of global economic turmoil and volatility in all markets , how do they judge the size of the production cut required to deliver the target price ?
Saudi Arabia is reported to favor a price of $ 75 / bbl , just short of the cost of new marginal supply in the OECD .
Achieving this price in the medium term would keep OPEC in the driving seat .
When OPEC meet on 17th December , how will they go about deciding the size of the inevitable production cuts ?
At this point it is worth recalling that the recent oil shock is fundamentally different , compared to the oil shocks of the 1970s .
Back then the order of events was as follows :
1. Strong demand
2. OPEC cut supply
3. Price spike
4. Inflation and recession
And the situation now :
1. Strong demand
2. Price spike
3. Inflation and recession
4. OPEC cut supply
It is also worth recalling that with the passage of every year , the share of global production and oil exports is swinging towards the OPEC countries .
If Russia and Brazil , who are both in talks with OPEC over collaboration on oil prices , are included , then the exporting countries are in a very strong position indeed .
OPEC and non-OPEC liquids exports .
Both charts from Rembrandt Koppelaar 's November Oil Watch Monthly .
And so here is the not so very radical proposal .
If OPEC ± Russia and Brazil want $ 75 / bbl , then they should consider setting this as a minimum price ( adjusted for local variations in crude oil quality ) .
The market would then adjust the call on OPEC crude at that price .
OPEC quotas would then have to be set on a % pro-rata basis instead of the current production allocation .
And OPEC would be free to adjust the minimum price at any point in the future , although if the price exceeds the set minimum it will mean that the world is once again pumping at maximum capacity .
The risk to OPEC would be that the World cannot afford $ 75 / bbl , and consumption will continue to fall , thus eroding their market share .
OECD governments may dislike the thought of such a market intervention , but would need reminding that the freedom of our markets is already severely compromised and that a prolonged period of low oil price may jeopardise future supplies and undermine moves to alternative forms of energy .
Food for thought .
The sky is near .
/ Open the attic and you ’ll see / there next to the wasp nest / rings the blinding light / of the lost moon .
Has it ever seemed like the moon was so close you could touch it ?
Russian artists Leonid Tishkov and Boris Bendikov have created a series of artwork titled “ Private Moon ” , where they give life to a man and his moon .
( PICS )
Tishkov says that each image is a poetic tale and has written poetic verses to go with each picture .
The idea for this project came from a painting of a moon in a tree by Rene Magritte .
I grope about in the dark / carrying the heavenly light on my back / in a swarm of sparkling bees
Working together , Tishkov created the artwork while Bendikov brought the man and his moon to life by photographing the story .
They used a big moon - shaped lightbox for this project .
The funeral of the moon – every morning /
Come nightfall you discover the body of the newborn moon / and help return it to the sky / leaving a mere trace in the snow / a thawing light impression
Tishkoy tells the touching story of the moon : “ “ Private Moon ” is a visual poem telling the story of a man who met the Moon and stayed with her for the rest of his life .
In the upper world , in fact in the attic of his own house , he saw the Moon falling off from the sky .
Once she was hiding from the Sun in a dark and damp tunnel .
But the passing trains frightened her .
Now she came to this man ’s house .
Having wrapped the Moon with warm blankets he treated her with autumn apples , gave her a cup of tea , and when she got well he took her in his boat across the dark river to the high bank overgrown with moon pine - trees .
He descended into the lower world dressed in the clothes of his deceased father and then returned from there lighting up his path with his personal Moon .
Crossing the borderline between the two worlds across a narrow bridge , immersed in a dream and taking care of this heavenly creature , the man became a mythological being living in a real world as in a fairytale . ”
The Moscow Moon / in a starless sky / has sat down on the edge of a roof
After everyone has gone to bed / go to the window and there / the crescent moon has appeared to you
A bundle of light is the moon / on a sleigh .
The sky / worries , when will he return ?/
Where have they taken him ?
I cross the dark river / to the high bank / where the lunar evergreens grow
Like a lunar unicorn /
Under the covers she / shines even brighter
This type of artwork gives a magical , mystical feeling and makes me wish I could have my very own personal moon .
I would pet it , and hug it , and cuddle with it ….. and then probably be thrown into a mental institution .
Even still , it would be so worth it to have one of these .
What do you think of this artwork ?
Can you see the story being told in each image ?
Via InventorSpot
January 07 , 2009 C- SPAN
Republican leaders talked about the introduction of the Broadcaster Freedom Act on the floor of the U.S. House .
The Broadcaster Freedom Act would prevent the Federal Communications Commission from implementing the Fairness Doctrine without an act of Congress .
Dave N : It 's getting comical , really , how many right - wingers are working themselves up into a fine froth over this .
I just got a frantic e-mail from Ann Coulter touting a new " Human Events " report on this dread threat to conservative airwave hogging values .
( Image here . )
Funny thing :
There really is n't anyone seriously advocating the reinstatement of the Fairness Doctrine , but it 's the boogeyman du jour .
Matt Yglesias has more .
Ron Chusid at Liberal Values has a roundup .
Well , I say let 'em expend all their energy on an issue that is n't one .
The first fully legal UAV for emergency services , the Draganflyer X6 Police Helicopter , has been unveiled .
The X6 Police Helicopter comes with 6 rotors .
It can fly autonomously or by remote control .
It also has an anti vibration camera mount , allowing it to shoot high definition video as well as stills .
This bad boy is already being used by Canadian police .
Check out the drone spying on a high rise apartment after the break .
Link via ( Calgary Herald ) via ( Gizmodo )
Coastal areas of the East Coast of the United States , as well as the Caribbean and South America , that would be impacted by 6 meters of sea level rise are shown in red .
Washington , D.C. , and other coastal U.S. cities could find themselves under several more feet of water than previously predicted if warming temperatures destroy the West Antarctic Ice Sheet , a new study based on a model predicts .
The West Antarctic Ice Sheet ( WAIS ) towers about 6,000 feet ( 1,800 meters ) above sea level over a large section of Antarctica .
It holds about 500,000 cubic miles ( 2.2 million cubic kilometers ) of ice , about the same amount of ice contained in the Greenland Ice Sheet .
This vast swath of ice is the anchor for numerous glaciers that drain into the polar sea and is bounded by the Ross and Ronne Ice Shelves .
Whether or when this ice sheet might melt is still very uncertain , but even a partial melt would have a bigger impact on some coastal areas than others .
The new research found that sea level rise would not be uniform around the globe , owing to odd gravitational effects and predicted shifts in the planet 's rotation .
Collapse concern
Throughout hundreds of millions of years in Earth 's past , polar ice caps have grown and receded in cycles lasting thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years .
When caps melted , seas rose .
What 's different today is that melting of ice at both poles is occurring faster than what has naturally occurred in the past .
Some scientists are worried that our current path of warming could cause the collapse of all or part of the WAIS over the coming decades or centuries .
These worries have been further fueled by a recent study in the journal Nature that indicates that more of the WAIS is warming than was previously thought .
" The West Antarctic is fringed by ice shelves , which act to stabilize the ice sheet — these shelves are sensitive to global warming , and if they break up , the ice sheet will have a lot less impediment to collapse , " said co-author of the new study Jerry Mitrovica of the University of Toronto and the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research .
In its most recent report , released in 2007 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) estimates that a full collapse of the ice sheet would raise sea levels by 16 feet ( 5 meters ) globally .
Mitrovica and his colleagues say that this is an oversimplification , and that sea level rise will be higher than expected , and greater in some places than in others .
In particular , the researchers say , the IPCC estimate ignores three important effects of such a massive ice melt :
Gravity : Like planets and other cosmic bodies that exert a gravitational pull on each other , huge ice sheets exert a gravitational pull on the nearby ocean , drawing water toward it .
If an ice sheet melted , that pull would be gone , and water would move away .
In the case of the WAIS , the net effect would be a fall in sea level within about 1,200 miles ( 2,000 km ) of the ice sheet and a higher - than - expected rise in sea levels in the Northern Hemisphere , further away .
Like planets and other cosmic bodies that exert a gravitational pull on each other , huge ice sheets exert a gravitational pull on the nearby ocean , drawing water toward it .
If an ice sheet melted , that pull would be gone , and water would move away .
In the case of the WAIS , the net effect would be a fall in sea level within about 1,200 miles ( 2,000 km ) of the ice sheet and a higher - than - expected rise in sea levels in the Northern Hemisphere , further away .
Rebound :
The WAIS is called a marine - based ice sheet because the weight of all that ice has depressed the bedrock underneath to the point that most of it sits below sea level .
If all , or even some , of that ice melts , the bedrock will rebound , pushing some of the water on top of it out into the ocean , further contributing to sea level rise .
The WAIS is called a marine - based ice sheet because the weight of all that ice has depressed the bedrock underneath to the point that most of it sits below sea level .
If all , or even some , of that ice melts , the bedrock will rebound , pushing some of the water on top of it out into the ocean , further contributing to sea level rise .
Earth 's rotation : A collapse of the WAIS would also shift the South Pole location of the Earth 's rotation axis ( an imaginary line running through the Earth from pole to pole ) — about 1,600 feet ( 500 meters ) from its present location .
This would shift water from the southern Atlantic and Pacific oceans northward toward North America and the southern Indian Ocean .
Mitrovica and his fellow researchers took these effects into account and came up with a new projection of what would happen across the world if the WAIS melted out .
Their findings are detailed in the Feb. 6 issue of the journal Science .
" The net effect of all of these processes is that if the West Antarctic Ice Sheet collapses , the rise in sea levels around many coastal regions will be as much as 25 percent more than expected , for a total of between 6 and 7 meters [ 20 to 23 feet ] if the whole ice sheet melts , " Mitrovica said .
" That 's a lot of additional water , particularly around such highly populated areas as Washington , D.C. , New York City , and the California coastline . "
Submerging threat Six meters of sea level rise would eventually inundate the nation 's capital , because even though it does n't have an extensive coastline , it was originally a low - lying , swampy area connected to the Chesapeake Bay .
It would also put virtually all of south Florida and southern Louisiana underwater .
The West Coast of North America , Europe and coastal areas around the Indian Ocean would all be inundated more than previously expected .
The impact of the additional sea level rise can be seen on this interactive map .
" We are n't suggesting that a collapse of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet is imminent , " said study co-author Peter Clark of Oregon State University .
" But these findings do suggest that if you are planning for sea level rise , you had better plan a little higher . "
The study was funded by the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research , the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada , the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation and the U.S. National Science Foundation .
Long Beach , Calif .
Radio astronomer Jill Tarter has her ear at the keyhole of the cosmos , listening for a signal from life beyond Earth .
For decades , she and her colleagues have surveyed the sky in vain .
The recent discovery of so many worlds around other suns , though , has renewed her resolve -- and so has the prospect of greater public support .
In ...
It 's with a heavy heart that I announce that the sun will set on Epsilon Prime for the last time on December 1 , 2018 .
It 's been an incredible journey and I want to thank everyone who shared this adventure with us .
Extrasolar has run continuously since its launch in Feburary , 2014 .
But this highly experimental new " game " has never been profitable .
It currently cost about $ 900 / month to run , not including the cost of the time it takes to keep everything working smoothly .
Retirement Plans – Managing Risk with Safe Investments
The chaos in the market and overall economy has left a lot of people worried and confused .
People are extremely eager for information and investment advice .
I ca n’t tell you how many people have asked me “ what should I do with my retirement accounts ? ”
Sell ?
Hold ?
Buy More ?
To that , I ’d say take step back and think for a bit .
If you ’re still holding most of your investments , there is n’t the downside risk that existed a year ago .
So the good news is you have some time .
You can still take control of your retirement plans by adding some safe investments to your asset allocation and that will help in managing risk in your portfolio .
Managing risk in your retirement plans
The answer to the question will lie in your personal situation and where you ’re at in your life .
If you have a low risk tolerance , its important that you do n’t own things that will keep you up at night .
You are best served to sit in cash or low risk investments or at least make some of these cash equivalents a part of your asset allocation to aid in managing risk in your portfolio .
Although cash is n’t yielding a whole lot , the good news is that it is easier than ever to invest in bonds .
Bond funds , and specifically exchange - traded funds ( ETFs ) have made the process very easy .
Vanguard has a great group of ETFs with very low costs which I would recommend .
The Vanguard Total Bond Market ETF ( Symbol BND ) is an excellent fund if you ’re looking for a simple , diversified bond investment .
The fund pays monthly dividends , yields 4.64 % , and has an expense ratio of 0.11 % .
You can buy this fund right through your brokerage , for the same price as any stock .
Also , if its inflation you are worried about , you can take a look at Inflation - Protected Securities , or TIPS .
Their yield is determined by the CPI , and pays out corresponding to increases in that .
ishares has an ETF to buy these securities ( Symbol TIP ) .
Manage Risk with Diversification
If you have a little higher appetite for risk , or have awhile until you retire , you ’re probably best served getting into some stocks .
Quality blue - chip stocks historically have outpaced inflation , and have provided the best overall return .
This does n’t mean you have to buy Citigroup stock and watch CNBC 24/ 7 to make sure the company is still afloat .
Here , diversification is the key to managing risk in your stock investments .
The easiest way to do this is again through funds .
For example Vanguard ’s Total Stock Market ETF ( Symbol VTI ) will do the trick .
It owns the largest 1,300 in the U.S. , and yields 4.26 % .
The expense ratio is 0.07 % .
Do n’t overlook the value of low costs when looking to funds , and Vanguard does the best job of that .
Holding investments like this for the long term is one of the best , most stable ways to save for retirement .
With the market experiencing unprecedented volatility , these types of investments can offer stability to the average investor who does n’t need to be concerned with daily market fluctuations .
If you ’re looking to get your retirement plans back on track , I ’d take a look at these funds .
Disclosure : Author owns BND .
EASTBOURNE , England , March 25 ( UPI ) --
At least three people died at a British hospital in an infectious outbreak that may be responsible indirectly for another 10 deaths , authorities say .
Seventeen people were being treated for infection with clostridium difficile in an isolation ward at Eastbourne District General Hospital , The Daily Telegraph reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
The hospital announced the deaths this week .
C. difficile is normal in the human digestive system but multiplies when treatment with antibiotics disturbs the normal balance of bacteria in the body , doctors say .
This can be especially dangerous for elderly patients or for those with serious illness that have left them less able to fight infection .
Officials for East Sussex National Health Service
Trust said an unusually high number of patients with respiratory infections may have been responsible for the outbreak .
Many wards have been closed for cleaning with patients transferred to other hospitals as much as 30 miles away .
zsh
bash
Hitting tab to complete commands and filenames is great .
Extending this to hostnames is even better .
( Does it show that I 'm very lazy ? )
One way of doing this is to switch to theshell , which does this and a bunch of other stuff by default .
Happily , though , if you 'd rather stick with , all is not lost .
One way to get the most out of bash 's programmable parameter completion is to set up hostname completion .
Here 's how to code it yourself .
bash has programmable parameter completion , so you could set hostname completion up by coding it yourself .
That 's not necessary , though .
Instead , you can pick up the bash completion files ( also available as the bash - completion package in RH , Debian and from Darwin Ports for Mac OS X ) .
Once you 've installed that , type :
.
/etc/bash_completion
/opt/local/etc/bash_completion
~/.bashrc
~/.bash_profile
ssh
( path on a Mac is ) .
Add this to yourorto load it automatically on startup .
Now , try typingand a couple of letters of a machine you often ssh to , then hit Tab .
Bingo !
You 'll get either a list of options , or , if there 's only one option available , the name filled in , just like with the tab - completion you 're already used to .
This takes information from your .ssh / known_hosts file .
It works automatically for ssh and similar commands , but you can also set other commands to use it .
For example , maybe you have a script called ' update ' which updates a particular host .
Type :
complete -F _known_hosts update
and you should now be able to tab - complete hosts with that , as well .
( If you have problems , try specifying its full path . )
Americans Become A Nation of Renters
One by - product of people being evicted from their homes during foreclosure proceedings is that they often end up renting a place to live .
After losing a house to the bank , they are not likely to be homeowners again for years .
The Administration ’s new plan to keep people in their homes by reducing what they have to pay for their mortgages each month actually has a similar effect on “ ownership ” although that may not be apparent at first .
As the program has been described so far , the principle of home loans will not be adjusted .
A mortgage with a $ 300,000 balance will not become a mortgage with a $ 200,000 balance .
The government will set up programs to make the monthly payments on the mortgage more affordable , particularly by dropping interest rates .
There are a number of clever ways that will mandate how the principal will be handled .
According to Bloomberg , “ Like earlier efforts from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . and housing industry groups , the new plan will make use of interest - rate reductions , loan extensions and so - called principal forbearance , in which part of a mortgage ’s principal is deferred to the end of the loan ’s term . ”
In a great many cases this will mean that people will continue to live in and pay for homes that may never be worth what they initially paid for them .
If a house bought for $ 300,000 in 2005 is now only worth $ 200,000 , the government is not taking the owner off the hook for eventually paying the entire principle even if the house does not reclaim its higher value .
That essentially will turn many homeowners into the equivalent of renters , people living in a residence which may have absolutely no ongoing value for them .
The difference is that a renter does not have to fix his own toilet .
In that sense , the notion of bringing down the monthly payments for homeowners who cannot meet the obligations of their mortgage payments makes them simply placeholders in the housing market .
The government is encouraging people to put their modest wages into money pits , by helping them to remain in their homes through new mortgage modification programs .
They are being herded into an economic trap that will require them to spend money on something which may never have any value to them just so that they can keep their current roofs over their heads .
Douglas A. McIntyre
Research News
Synthetic Brains
Researchers study the feasibility of brains made from carbon nanotubes
Researchers are building mathematical models that accurately reflect neuron connections .
January 27 , 2009
Synthetic brains are a long way from reality , but researchers at the University of Southern California , funded by the National Science Foundation , are taking the first steps to build neurons from carbon nanotubes that emulate human brain function .
" At this point we still do n't know if building a synthetic brain is feasible , " said Alice Parker , professor of electrical engineering .
" It may take decades to realize anything close to the human brain but emulating pieces of the brain , such as a synthetic vision system or synthetic cochlea that interface successfully with a real brain may be available quite soon , and synthetic parts of the brain 's cortex within decades . "
The challenges to creating a synthetic brain are staggering .
Unlike computer software that simulates brain function , a synthetic brain will include hardware that emulates brain cells , their amazingly complex connectivity and a concept Parker calls " plasticity , " which allows the artificial neurons to learn through experience and adapt to changes in their environment the way real neurons do .
There is also the matter of scale .
By 2022 , with conventional technology , if the team could construct a synthetic brain that emulated real brain function , even crudely , it would take 100 billion artificial neurons and a very a large room to hold them .
" Obviously the technology will have to be downsized to aid a human being or be feasible as a robot brain , " Parker said .
Power is another consideration .
The power requirements for a synthetic brain are staggering because a human brain never turns off .
" In a transistor , things are on or off so it 's a black - or - white situation , but in the brain there are also many shades of gray and power is continuously being consumed , " Parker noted .
But before the researchers can tackle concerns of power and scale , they are building mathematical models that accurately reflect the Byzantine connections of all the neurons and demonstrate how the connections allow neurons to communicate with each other .
Each neuron in the cortex - - a part of the brain that contributes significantly to conscious thought and intelligence -- is connected to tens of thousands of other neurons .
The researchers are also implementing the complex computations carried out by each neuron on all the inputs it receives from other neurons .
" It 's a nonlinear phenomenon and almost impossible to model but that 's what we 're attempting to do , " Parker said .
The researchers have shown that portions of a neuron can be modeled electronically using carbon nanotube circuit models and have performed detailed simulations of the circuit models .
A single archetypical neuron , including excitatory and inhibitory synapses , has been modeled electronically and simulated .
Parker and her co-researcher , Chongwu Zhou , are in the process of combining these circuit models of neurons to create a functional carbon nanotube circuit model of a small network of neurons .
This small network of interconnected neurons will be simulated using the carbon nanotube models .
This network demonstrates an interesting neural circuit that detects moving edges in a selected direction .
Parker believes carbon nanotubes are an ideal material to emulate brain function because their 3 - D structure allows connectivity in all directions on all planes and because a carbon - based prosthesis is less likely to be rejected by the human body than one made from inorganic materials .
But their invasive nature could result in them invading surrounding tissue and prompting lesions and cancers .
" It 's a possibility and something else that needs to be addressed for the technology to be feasible , " Parker said .
As the researchers move ahead with their mathematical modeling and neuron construction , beginning with a single synapse , they ponder " plasticity , " neuroscientists ' term for the brain 's ability to learn and adapt to change .
" Our brains can grow new neurons and the synapses between them in an hour - - a remarkable biological feature that is difficult to emulate from an engineering perspective , " Parker said .
Emulating such plasticity in a synthetic brain will require a major leap in technology , similar to the leap from cathode ray tubes to transistors .
" We do n't know what the new technology will look like yet , but it will be a technology that can self - assemble and reshape itself .
As we work in the lab building neurons or constructing mathematical models , we must consider the requirement of plasticity , even if we do n't yet know what it looks like . "
Aside from the daunting technological challenges , a synthetic brain or brain components will also raise ethical and environmental issues .
The role of emotions in learning are just beginning to be understood , and it appears they are incredibly important to brain function .
" Based on what I know right now , emotions would have to be included for a synthetic brain to be able to learn , " Parker said .
" It 's important to understand their cause and effect . "
--
View Video
Animation showing an artist 's conception of a carbon nanotube synapse .
Credit and Larger Version
View Video
Alice Parker , professor of electrical engineering at the University of Southern California .
Credit and Larger Version
Investigators
Alice Parker
Chongwu Zhou
Related Institutions / Organizations
University of Southern California
Locations
California
Related Awards
# 0726815 Biomimetic Cortical Nanocircuits
Total Grants
$ 359,996
A U.S. flag flutters in front of cooling towers at the Limerick Generating Station in Pottstown , Pennsylvania May 24 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The White House signaled on Monday it could wait until 2010 for major climate change legislation to move through Congress as long as it fulfilled President Barack Obama ’s criteria for tackling global warming .
When asked when the president wished to see movement on a climate bill , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs left a time frame wide open .
“ If we had significant legislation that began to address climate change ... whether that ’s this year or next year I think both of us would agree that that ’s a big change that we would welcome , ” Gibbs said , referring to the president .
He said the bill would have to allow the United States to spend even more money investing in alternative energies to ensure the country was not adding to the amount of greenhouse gasses in the atmosphere .
Obama has spent the first month of his young administration focusing on lifting the United States out of a deep recession .
He has put forward proposals to shore up the financial industry and stem home foreclosures while promising action on health care reform .
Though investing in renewable energy is a key part of Obama ’s $ 787 billion stimulus bill , the administration has kept quiet about its other environmental goals for this year .
Obama backs aggressive cuts in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions and supports the development of an emissions trading system , similar to the one in the European Union , that would cap the amount of carbon dioxide that factories can emit and allow them to trade permits to pollute more .
Design
Content
In a discussion with @alexbono about my last blog post , Budgeting for Social Media , I realized that I missed out on mentioning several important things to budget for , so I 'd thought I 'd add them here in this post .
When budgeting it's also important to recognize the skill level needed to set up and operate social media tools .
While many social media tools seem fairly easy to create , if you want to add a personal touch , it will take certain skills .
There are two main areas to examine : Most social media sites come with a typical design ( or if it 's a blog , a series of templates ) .
If you want to modify them to include your logo and design , then you will need someone with graphic design / CSS abilities .
A perfect example is this blog .
While , currently I 'm using a template , eventually I will be moving to a design of my choosing .
As I do n't have the skill for that , I 'm relying on my business partner .
If you have someone in your office who has the skills to make the changes , then that is great .
If not , you will have to outsource .
And of course , there are costs associated with that .
Another important issue is content .
As mentioned in Ten Things a Nonprofit Should Do Before Setting up Social Media , it 's important to determine who 's writing the content you put up before you start any social media tool .
If this is something you can do internally , remember to weigh out the costs of that person taking the time to write it .
Content also does n't just mean the written word .
If you have videos or photos , you need to assess who has the ability to create / post these and what the costs associated with them are .
Putting together a budget for social media will definitely save you some time in the long run and give you a better idea of whether social media tools are viable for your organization .
People 's Choice Awards Red Carpet Photos
The 35th Annual People 's Choice Awards were held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles last night .
The celebrities that hit the red carpet looked totally glam for the high profile event .
See 2010 Red Carpet photos and winners list here .
We have photos of all of our favorites , including Jennie Garth , Teri Hatcher , Jewell , Samantha Harris , Debra Messing , Lori Loughlin , Carrie Underwood , Marisa Tomei , Queen Latifah , Brooke Burke , Nikki Cox , Dakota Fanning , Carrie Ann Inaba , Jennifer Morrison and Olivia Wilde - and that does n't begin to cover the full extent of the star - studded red carpet .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Check out Thursday night 's Critics Choice Awards photos of Brad and Angelina .
Photos : WENN
Rio Hamasaki Is All Oiled Up
Since I started The Asian Box Ive been kind of slacking on busty asian women on this site .
Ive got to get better with that !
If you dig busty asian ladies you should add The Asian Box to your bookmarks though , because I usually post at least one gallery or video feature big boobs .
Anyway ..
Rio Hamasaki looks stunning in these pics .
She ’s a Japanese AV ( adult video ) model and I dont know if they photoshoped her or if its real , but her skin looks so smooth .
I ’ll take one nude massage with Rio Hamasaki please and yes .. add the happy ending !
Pictures from : J Sex Network
BBC Breakfast presenters Charlie Stayt and Susanna Reid after the unedited Christian Bale tape was broadcast
The BBC was plunged into further controversy today after broadcasting an unedited clip of Christian Bale 's ' F - word ' rant live on the Breakfast show .
At around 6:55 this morning presenters introduced a clip of Christian Bale swearing on the set of a new Terminator film .
However the video was cut short after a few seconds when Bale 's swearing was heard live on air .
The broadcast showed a photo of Bale and the tape recording , the first words heard were " You do n't f**** ing understand " .
A shriek was heard in the studio , the tape ended and the programme returned to the two stunned presenters .
Charlie Stayt and Susanna Reid immediately apologised for the incident .
Ms Reid said : " An enormous apology .
That was definitely supposed to be edited .
" We are very sorry .
You wo n't hear that again .
We do apologise . "
Stayt had introduced the clip , saying " people may want to block their ears " expecting the clip to be heavily bleeped .
TV bosses launched an immediate inquiry as viewers rang in to complain about the blunder .
Within minutes internet blogs had picked up on the mistake .
One commentator said : " Christian Bale just said f*** on BBC breakfast .
Not sure what was funnier , that or the look on Susanna Reid ’s face . "
A spokesperson for the BBC said today : " A technical error was to blame - we apologised on air immediately afterwards and another apology was given at the end of the programme .
We also pulled a later repeat of the item .
We are sorry for any offense caused . "
Bale , who played Batman in The Dark Knight , became the subject of international debate this week , after a tape surfaced of him throwing an astonishing tantrum while filming .
During Bale 's full tirade lasting just under four minutes
Bale he furiously criticised Shane Hurlbut , the director of photography on the movie , for distracting him during a scene .
The subsequent rant contained 37 uses of the “ F - word , ” an average of one every six seconds .
Bale repeatedly dubbed Hurlbut a “ p***k ” , threatened to attack him , and told executives he would quit the $ 185 m film if his colleague was n't fired .
A full tape of the incident was posted on the internet on Monday afternoon after apparently being leaked to show - business website TMZ.com , and rapidly went viral .
“ I 'm going to kick your f*** ing ass ! ” it began , as Bale grew increasingly angry at the hapless Hurlbut 's attempt to apologise for accidentally interrupting the scene .
“ I want you off the f*** ing set , you p****.
No ... Do n't just be sorry .
Think , for one f***ing second .
What the f*** are you doing ? ”
Bale , playing the film 's hero John Connor , shrugs off attempts by co-star Bryce Dallas Howard and director McG to calm him down during the incident , which was recorded on set at Kirtland Air Force Base in New Mexico .
“ Do you want me to f** * ing trash your lights ?
Do you want me to f*** ing trash ' em ? ” he asks Hurlbut .
“ Then why are you trashing my scene ?
You are trashing my scene !
You do it one more f*** ing time , and I 'm not walking on the f*** ing set if you 're still hired . ”
Bale 's publicist has declined invitations to comment , or otherwise explain his outburst .
Belfast Telegraph
Some workers who raised safety issues were allegedly blacklisted Several firms accused of subscribing to a secret database of building workers ' details have denied any wrongdoing .
The Information Commissioner says a firm called the Consulting Association flagged up workers who had raised safety concerns or who had union links .
Balfour Beatty and Amec said they did not condone " blacklisting " .
Emcor and Laing O'Rourke denied discriminating against workers on any grounds .
The Department for Business said it would consider outlawing blacklisting .
This would happen if evidence showed it was going on , a spokesman said .
Unions have called on the government to act swiftly to pass anti-blacklisting regulations which were prepared in the 1990s but never introduced .
' Household names '
An investigation by the Information Commissioner 's Office ( ICO ) found that a Droitwich - based company called the Consulting Association had allegedly sold details about workers , including information concerning personal relationships , trade union activity and employment history .
The ICO now plans to prosecute the firm , run by Ian Kerr and now thought to have ceased trading , for a " serious breach " of the Data Protection Act .
It said about 40 construction companies who subscribed to the scheme would send lists of prospective employees to it and in return would be warned about potential troublemakers .
Amec does not operate a policy of ' blacklisting ' individuals
Spokesman for Amec
Should builders be monitored ?
' I was blacklisted for speaking up '
Some of the notes on individuals included descriptions such as " ex - shop steward , definite problems " and " Irish ex - Army , bad egg " .
Others related to workers who had raised concerns over health and safety issues , such as asbestos removal .
One of the firms listed in the ICO 's report , Balfour Beatty , said it " does not condone the use of ' blacklists ' in any circumstances " .
" We have taken steps to ensure that none of our companies use the services of the Consulting Association , " it added .
Another firm , Amec , echoed the denial .
" Amec does not operate a policy of ' blacklisting ' individuals and the senior management of the company would not condone such a policy , " it said .
Morgan Ashurst said it inherited a subscription to the Consulting Association upon acquiring another company .
" An internal investigation into this subscription has shown that we did not supply to , or receive any data from Ian Kerr or the Consulting Association , nor did we use any information from this organisation since the acquisition , " a spokesman said .
" Now that the subscription has been brought to our attention , and the person who subscribed to it left the company last year , we have cancelled it . "
Laing O'Rourke also said it had " a legacy relationship " with the company born out of an acquisition , which had now " ceased " .
A spokesman for another firm named by the ICO , Emcor Group UK , said it was " an equal opportunities employer " whose policy was " not to discriminate on any grounds " .
We have the power to make it illegal to use blacklists
Department for Business spokesman
List of database subscribers
How firms should obey data law The Consulting Association was unavailable for comment .
Annual fee Deputy Information Commissioner David Smith said he was deeply disappointed that firms he described as " household names " had been involved in an allegedly illegal system for many years .
He said they would be issued with a legal order not to repeat the offence , and if they breached it they too would face prosecution .
Following the raid on 23 February , investigators discovered that the Consulting Association 's database contained the details of some 3,213 workers , the ICO said .
Employers paid £ 3,000 as an annual fee , and £ 2.20 for individual details , the ICO said .
Invoices to construction firms for up to £ 7,500 were also seized during the raid .
The TUC and the building workers ' union Ucatt called on the government to introduce legislation to make blacklisting illegal .
Alan Ritchie , general secretary of Ucatt , said : " It is the only way to protect the rights of trade union members . "
A Department for Business spokesman said : " We have the power to make it illegal to use blacklists .
" We would review whether to use this power if there was compelling evidence that blacklists were being used . "
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said : " Leading companies have to realise that information is power , and wrong information is the abuse of power .
" The Information Commissioner is absolutely right to throw the book at the miscreants in this case . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The late Russell Johnston addressing a thinly attended annual conference in the 1970s of the Scottish Liberal Party of which he was then the Leader told a relieved audience “ To be a Liberal and to know it is enough ” .
In the party ’s famine of the time – only three Scottish MPs and opinion polls struggling to reach eight percent it was about as comforting as he could afford to be .
Survival was everything .
Fast forward to 2009 – sixty three MPs at Westminster , a young charismatic leader , Cable the king of the airwaves , and twenty two per cent in two recent opinion polls .
“ To be Liberal and to know it … ” simply is not enough .
With increased resources , MPs from Shetland to the Scilly Isles , and control of great cities like Liverpool and Newcastle there is opportunity .
Along with opportunity usually goes obligation , but in the present febrile political circumstances the distinction maybe academic .
What is clear is that liberalism has never been more needed .
The long steady march to the right which began for the Labour Party in 1997 under Tony Blair who found no contradiction between “ Because it ’s the right thing to do ” and “ If it works we ’ll do it ” may have been slowed under Gordon Brown .
But the milestones of that journey are there for all to see .
Forty two days detention without trial has been shelved but not abandoned .
Identity cards are still on the agenda .
Intrusive surveillance and unfettered access to personal data are now available to the least significant public authority .
A liberal government would never have embarked upon them and a new prime minister claiming liberal credentials would have abandoned them .
Privately Labour backbenchers repent of their earlier support but dare not force the government to depart from legislation which undermines jury trial and restricts the freedom of the coroner .
Ministers extol human rights as these same rights are systematically dismantled by these same ministers .
It is only one paradox but a powerful one that the protection of the citizen depends upon the illiberally constituted House of Lords .
This is a government which in its time has allowed office cleaners to pay a higher rate of tax than the people whose offices they clean ; colluded with the Tories to try to exempt MPs from freedom of information ; and halted a criminal investigation into allegations of corruption in arms sales to placate commercial interests .
This is not a liberal government .
And what of the blue corner ?
What do you want ?
“ Compassionate Conservatives ” , “ Liberal Conservatives ” or “ Progressive Conservatives ” ?
You can have them all .
This is an opposition party that voted for Iraq but now wants an inquiry in to it , an opposition party which whatever temporary epithet you apply to it is still a conservative party .
It may have got rid of its toxic waste but in its heart you know it is a party of the right .
So how can liberalism triumph ?
First , you can not be a part time liberal .
Take faith , for example , a truly liberal society guarantees the freedom of all religions but accepts the tyranny of none .
Our citizens must be free to live without threat or fear , free to say the things , write the words , and live the lives they choose .
Will that offend some people ?
Of course , it will but that is a price worth paying .
Second , we must roll back the administration of an over mighty state by deleting many of the more than three thousand new crimes created since nineteen ninety seven ; by a presumption against restrictions on freedom ; and by effecting a new constitutional settlement which guarantees the rights of our citizens in a Bill of Rights to complement the European Convention .
But , we must also show liberalism to be practical and not just conceptual .
Liberalism must mean something to single parents , the sick , the elderly and the disadvantaged .
The great liberal Beveridge in the language of his time identified five giants to slay , Want , Disease , Ignorance , Squalor and Idleness .
Modern liberals should now lead the fight for five freedoms ; we need the freedom born of opportunity , the freedom born of good health , the freedom of personal security , the freedom of prosperity for all , and the freedom of a clean environment .
These are the practical freedoms of a liberal society .
To know them is not enough .
To achieve them is what is needed .
Sir Menzies Campbell is a former leader of the Liberal Democrats
Click to viewAlien zoo sex , vulgar language , and the horrors of war have earned this novel ( which shall remain nameless ) a place on many a banned books list .
And it 's hardly alone .
Even in just the last decade , parents have tried to remove their least favorite titles from school libraries , and works of science fiction have been among the casualties .
So , grab a flashlight , hide under a sheet , and read ( or re-read ) science fiction 's most suppressed books of the 21st century .
These books come from the American Library Association 's most frequently challenged books from 2000 - 2007 :
Advertisement
Captain Underpants and The Adventures of Super Diaper Baby by Dav Pilkey Position on the List : # 10 , # 47 Why it gets Challenged : Ever since Dav Pilkey released his series about alien - empowered underage superheroes , they 've topped the banned books list .
Parents have complained about the language ( which includes such linguistic horrors as " Poopypants " and " Booger Boy " ) and that the protagonists routinely defy their nasty principal .
Most parents , though , are just happy their kids are reading .
Advertisement
The Giver by Lois Lowry Position on the List : # 21 Why it gets Challenged :
As frequently happens with challenged books , parents who complain about The Giver tend to miss the point .
They cite features of Lowry 's initially appealing but ultimately dystopian society in their complaints , namely the low social status of biological mothers and the practice of infanticide and euthanasia .
Then again , some just do n't like that main character Jonas feels " stirrings " when he sees a pretty girl .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman Position on the List : # 29 Why it gets Challenged : Predictably , Pullman 's interdimensional saga is frequently challenged for its portrayal of the Church and figures from Judeo - Christian tradition .
Pullman , for his part , says that every banning of his books fills him with glee , since it tends to result in higher sales .
Advertisement
Brave New World by Aldous Huxley Position on the List : # 37
Why it gets Challenged :
In another instance of colossal misreading ( or failure to read ) , Huxley 's work , one of the most banned of last century as well , gets challenged because the soulless , pill - popping world Huxley meant to criticize is such a downer .
Advertisement
Slaughterhouse Five by Kurt Vonnegut Position on the List : # 45 Why it gets Challenged : Violence ?
Check .
Blasphemy ?
Strong language ?
Magic Fingers ?
Check .
Not only has Slaughterhouse Five been challenged in school districts , just last year law enforcement in Howell , Michigan was asked to review the book to determine if any of its contents were illegal .
Advertisement
Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury Position on the List : # 72
Why it gets Challenged : Perhaps missing the humor in attempting to censor a book on censorship , challengers still go after Fahrenheit 451 because its firemen characters smoke , drink , and swear .
And at least one complainant claimed its discussion of the Bible offended their religion .
Advertisement
Shade 's Children by Garth Nix Position on the List : # 85 Why it gets Challenged :
That the titular children of Nix 's dystopic young adult novel grow up fast leaves a lot of parents anxious .
Vulgar language and a post - apocalyptic key party keep it on the ban list .
Top 100 challenged books of 2000 - 2007 [ American Library Association ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
David Cameron and his wife Samantha have passed on their thanks for the messages of support after the death of son Ivan , their " beautiful boy " .
William Hague , standing in for the Conservative leader as PM 's questions was suspended , said Ivan had brought " joy and love to those around him " .
Gordon Brown said everyone 's thoughts and prayers were with the family .
Six - year - old Ivan , who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy , died at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , London .
Mr Brown , who suggested suspending the weekly Commons clash as a mark of respect , said every child was " precious and irreplaceable " and that the death of a child " was something that no parent should have to bear " .
The prime minister , whose daughter Jennifer Jane died aged just 10 days in 2002 , paid tribute to Ivan saying : " I know that in an all too brief life , he brought joy to all those around him and I know also that for all the days of his life , he was surrounded by his family 's love . "
' Short life ' Mr Hague told MPs he had spoken to Mr Cameron , who wanted to pass on the family 's thanks for their messages of condolence and say how " hugely grateful " they were to the NHS staff who had helped Ivan throughout his life .
Mr Hague said : " Ivan 's six years of life were not easy ones .
His parents lived with the knowledge for a long time that he could die young , but this has made their loss no less heart - breaking ...
Together they will come through this and treasure the memories they have of Ivan
George Osborne , shadow chancellor
How Ivan shaped Cameron
In quotes : Reaction to Ivan 's death " Ivan suffered much in his short life , but he brought joy and love to those around him and , as David himself has said in the past , for him and Samantha he will always be their beautiful boy . "
Deputy Lib Dem leader Vince Cable , who is standing in for Nick Clegg , also expressed his party 's condolences in a short statement , appealing for the family to be given space to " grieve and cope with this tragedy that they 've experienced " .
Commons Speaker Michael Martin then suspended the sitting until 1230 GMT " as a mark of respect to Ivan " .
' Strong family '
MPs from across the political spectrum have expressed their condolences to Mr Cameron , who has been leader of the UK 's official opposition since 2005 .
And Buckingham Palace said the Queen had sent a private message of sympathy .
Shadow Chancellor George Osborne , a close family friend , said that although Ivan had often been hospitalised in the past , his death had been sudden , just 45 minutes after being admitted to hospital and had " caused a profound shock and , of course , huge grief " .
He told BBC Two 's Daily Politics : " Even with his very severe problems , he was part of family life and they are obviously absolutely devastated by what 's happened . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But he added that the Camerons were a " strong " family and that " together they will come through this and treasure the memories they have of Ivan " .
Mr Cameron , who has two other children Nancy , five , and Arthur , three , had been an MP for Witney , in Oxfordshire , for less than a year when Ivan was born in April 2002 .
He suffered from Ohtahara syndrome , a very rare form of epilepsy characterised by spasms which start in the first days of life .
Some children can suffer as many as 100 seizures every day .
Describing the moment when he learned of Ivan 's disabilities , Mr Cameron told the Sunday Times in 2005 : " The news hits you like a freight train .
" You are depressed for a while because you are grieving for the difference between your hopes and the reality .
But then you get over that , because he 's wonderful . "
NHS praise Friends have said the experience of caring for Ivan broadened Mr Cameron 's political outlook and made him a passionate supporter of the NHS , which helped provide the round - the - clock care Ivan needed .
" The problems that Ivan had in some way shaped that family and shaped David as a person , " said George Osborne .
In a 2007 speech , Mr Cameron described how he cared for the " severely disabled " Ivan .
Ivan Cameron with Samantha Cameron
" It 's what I do at the start of each day .
It 's sharpened my focus on the world of care assessments , eligibility criteria , disability living allowance , respite breaks , OTs , SENCOs , and other sets of initials .
" But I would not dare to call myself a carer .
The work that full - time carers or those with little extra help do is unbelievable . "
But he also spoke of how proud he was of Ivan , saying in another interview : " He is a magical child with a magical smile that can make me feel like the happiest father in the world .
" We adore him in ways that you will never love anybody else , because you feel so protective . "
The Camerons have asked that , rather than sending flowers , people send donations to Mencap or the Friends of St Mary 's Hospital .
Shadow Foreign Secretary William
Hague will stand in for Mr Cameron as Conservative leader while he takes time off , it is understood .
A Number 10 dinner later to mark the unveiling of a portrait of Baroness Thatcher which Mr Cameron had been scheduled to attend has also been cancelled .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bar Rafaeli Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition 2009 , Pictures !
Go ahead , call us crazy !
We just listed two Bar Rafaeli posts back to back !
She did n't have a baby and no Chris Brown did n't kick her ass so why the back to back posts ?
Well , we just got exclusive pictures from the 2009 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition and posted them for your viewing pleasure .
Make sure there is more viewing than pleasure while browsing thru these photos .
We 're waiting on the HQ images to surface , if you have larger images please send them using our contact page !
Enjoy ...
BYU professor Byron Adams collects a soil sample at the top of an Antarctic peak .
Credit : Judit Hersko
Two Brigham Young University researchers who just returned from Antarctica are reporting a hardy worm that withstands its cold climate by cranking out antifreeze .
And when its notoriously dry home runs out of water , it just dries itself out and goes into suspended animation until liquid water brings it back to life .
Identifying the genes the worm uses to kick in its antifreeze system can be useful information - similar genes found in other Antarctic organisms are currently being used to engineer frost - resistant crops .
But BYU 's Byron Adams , associate professor of molecular biology , and his Ph.D. student Bishwo Adhikari are carrying on their love affair with microscopic nematode worms for a different reason .
They spent Christmas near the South Pole to help determine how the fate of a half - millimeter worm can actually impact an entire ecosystem , and how that information can serve as an important baseline for understanding climate change 's impact on more complex systems , such as a farmer 's field in the United States .
Their latest study , published Monday in the journal BMC Genomics , used samples Adams gathered during previous trips to the world 's most inhospitable continent .
He 's lived at McMurdo Station seven times and hitched helicopter rides to gather soil from Antarctica 's freezing , bone - dry valleys , where only a handful of microscopic animals can survive .
The ones that do make for a convenient laboratory for observing how minor changes in the environment can have a big impact on an ecosystem .
Previous research co-authored by Adams showed that another species of nematode plays a large role in the amount of carbon cycled through the soil , a process that is one of the essential building blocks of life on Earth .
At the same time , fluctuations in temperature are diminishing the worm 's population .
That 's the kind of climate change impact that researchers want to better understand so they can predict what will happen next .
Adams and Adhikari are taking that one step further with their analysis of the genes of their latest subject , a species of nematode that lives in wetter areas of Antarctica 's interior .
Until Adhikari sequenced its genes , nobody knew that it had developed an antifreeze system .
" I was really surprised - the antifreeze gene is not like anything in other nematodes , " he said .
When water inside a living thing freezes , ice crystals pierce cell walls and kill them .
That 's what causes " frostbite . "
It turns out that the worm creates a protein that probably prevents the ice from forming sharp crystals or coats them so they do n't puncture anything .
The new paper also reports the genes that the worm uses to put its life on " pause " when ground water dries up .
This particular species ' unique genetic response to its environment means it is likely going to flourish as Antarctica gets wetter , Adams says , while other nematode species diminish .
That 's how this molecular - level research ties back into predicting how the composition and distribution of soil species will change in response to climate change .
" Understanding how the soil functions independent of plants allows us a baseline that we can later add plants to , " Adams explained .
" These are rudimentary first steps - the long - term goal is to be able to extend our findings to more complex ecosystems , particularly managed ecosystems .
Growers want to know how climate change is going to affect their ability to grow crops .
Right now we do n't really know .
Understanding how this works in a simple ecosystem is the first step in being able to make those predictions . "
Source : Brigham Young University
READERS are going to start thinking I 'm obsessed , but I think the final proof that Barack Obama plans once and for all to elevate respect for Americans who do n't practice a religion came at this morning 's National Prayer Breakfast :
and some subscribe to no faith at all ...
We know too that whatever our differences , there is one law that binds all great religions together .
Jesus told us to " love thy neighbor as thyself . "
The Torah commands , " That which is hateful to you , do not do to your fellow . "
In Islam , there is a hadith that reads " None of you truly believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself . "
And the same is true for Buddhists and Hindus ; for followers of Confucius and for humanists .
It is , of course , the Golden Rule - the call to love one another ; to understand one another ; to treat with dignity and respect those with whom we share a brief moment on this Earth .
( Emphasis added . )
A notable repetition — not just once , rote , but twice , to let you know he means it .
As for that second passage , did Mr Obama just endorse a name for the group struggling to name itself ?
Some do n't like " atheist " or " nonbeliever " because they are definitionally negative .
The coinage of " Brights " has failed to catch on for the obvious reasons .
But " humanist " has a nice , positive feeling , and a history .
Mr Obama went on to announce a White House of Faith - Based and Neighbourhood Partnerships .
A Bushian thing to do ?
No , he continued :
The goal of this office will not be to favor one religious group over another - or even religious groups over secular groups .
It will simply be to work on behalf of those organizations that want to work on behalf of our communities , and to do so without blurring the line that our founders wisely drew between church and state .
Interesting .
I 'm not sure if Mr Obama is n't trying a little too hard to please everyone here , but the fact that he is trying to please everyone — and remember that a major presidential candidate said not long ago that " freedom requires religion " — is striking .
Now that he is not doing backflips for Rick Warren , citing his favourite Bible verse in a " faith debate " or dodging conspiracies that he is a Muslim , Mr Obama is also free to say things like
I was not raised in a particularly religious household .
I had a father who was born a Muslim but became an atheist , grandparents who were non-practicing Methodists and Baptists , and a mother who was skeptical of organized religion , even as she was the kindest , most spiritual person I 've ever known .
She was the one who taught me as a child to love , and to understand , and to do unto others as I would want done .
A few years ago , Daniel Dennett , an atheist philosopher , wrote
Politicians do n't think they even have to pay us lip service , and leaders who would n't be caught dead making religious or ethnic slurs do n't hesitate to disparage the " godless " among us .
From the White House down , bright - bashing is seen as a low - risk vote - getter .
Not this White House .
( Photo credit : AP )
Sometimes when trying to resolve a merge , you may want to keep one file instead of the other .
You do n’t need to open up the files and fix the potentially hundreds of conflicts , you just want to choose the one you want and be done with it .
Sadly , this is n’t exactly clear in older versions of Git , but more recent ones have made it easier .
Big thanks to Kevin
Old for his post on the subject which reminded me about this issue .
So , the scenario is : you ’re in the middle of a merge , and you want to keep one file or the other .
$ git merge master Auto - merged _layouts/default.html CONFLICT ( content ) : Merge conflict in _layouts/default.html Auto - merged index.html CONFLICT ( content ) : Merge conflict in index.html Automatic merge failed ; fix conflicts and then commit the result .
There ’s two unmerged files here .
According to the git checkout manpage , there ’s a -- theirs and -- ours options on the command .
The former will keep the version of the file that you merged in , and the other will keep the original one we had .
The following commands will keep the original file for index.html , and then use the merged in file only for _layouts / default.html .
git checkout -- ours index.html git checkout -- theirs _layouts/default.html
Sadly , these options are only in Git versions 1.6.1 and up .
If you have an older version and do n’t feel like upgrading , there ’s ways to get around this .
To emulate -- theirs , we ’d do :
git reset -- _layouts / default.html git checkout MERGE_HEAD -- _layouts/default.html
And for -- ours :
git reset -- index.html git checkout ORIG_HEAD -- index.html
Now , I know that Sheriff Joe told Glenn Beck he " welcomes " any investigation into his bordering - on - fascist rule in Arizona 's Maricopa County .
But I bet that nonetheless , he was n't smiling yesterday :
The U.S. Justice Department has launched a civil - rights investigation of the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office after months of mounting complaints that deputies are discriminating in their enforcement of federal immigration laws .
Officials from the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division notified Sheriff Joe Arpaio on Tuesday that they had begun the investigation , which will focus on whether deputies are engaging in " patterns or practices of discriminatory police practices and unconstitutional searches and seizures . "
An expert said it is the department 's first civil - rights probe related to immigration enforcement .
...
The Justice Department frequently receives racial - profiling complaints against police departments , but investigations are rare , said David Harris , a University of Pittsburgh law professor and racial - profiling expert .
" The fact that this has come to their attention and they have announced their intent to investigate is highly significant , " Harris said .
" It says there is enough there to be investigated .
It 's not an iffy case that ( can be ignored ) . "
Harris said this is the first civil - rights investigation stemming from immigration enforcement .
The probe could last several months .
You can read the notice here .
[ PDF file ]
Maybe the DOJ can take inspiration from Arpaio 's Brazil - esque reality - TV show on Fox , in which unsuspecting schlub criminals are duped into being busted on TV .
They could build a reality show around investigating Arpaio , including footage of interviews with his victims .
Of course , in the past , Arpaio has n't been very tolerant of people who criticize him .
If you got caught applauding anti-Arpaio comments at county meetings , for instance , you might be arrested by Arpaio 's deputies .
But I suspect that wo n't work too well with DOJ investigators , especially the FBI .
This is a hopeful step forward in dealing with the mess Arpaio has made in Maricopa County , and will help make clear to the right - wing nativists out there that scapegoating Latinos is not the way to deal with whatever issues they have with immigration .
It makes a mess not just in Arizona , but the whole country .
The idea is to die young as late as possible
Do n't worry about old age , it does n't last that long .
Every now and then I throw in one of those typos to see who 's paying attention :-)
Give me the grace to see a joke , to get some humor out of life and smiling it on to other folk .
Have a great Day and Laugh , " Do not regret growing older .
It is a privilege denied to many " .
We try to bust a gut with our funny , Yo Mama , Redneck , lawyer , animal , relationship and crap jokes .
You only live once !
So make sure you spend 15 hours on the internet everyday , seeking validation from strangers .
Baltimore is home to one of the nation 's most intractable heroin - using populations , and now a study done for the city 's Abell Foundation is suggesting it could be time to try something new , at least in this country : heroin maintenance .
The idea is not so much to push for such a program now , but to open the door for discussion -- a worthy idea given that decades of repression and , more recently , conventional drug treatment have done little to stem the tide of addicts .
Authored by University of Maryland drug policy expert Peter Reuter , the study , Can Heroin Maintenance Help Baltimore ? , examined existing heroin maintenance programs in Switzerland and Germany as well as the now - ended North American Opiate Maintenance Initiative ( NAOMI ) program in Vancouver , and examined the Baltimore heroin scene .
His review of results so far found decreases in criminality , increases in employment , and health improvements for participants .
But Reuter also noted that those existing programs are expensive ( more expensive than methadone treatment ) , serve relatively small numbers , and would be politically controversial in the US setting .
In fact , the US National Institute on Drug Abuse , offered a chance to participate in the NAOMI program , declined .
In addition , Reuter wrote that significant differences between hard core heroin users in Baltimore and in European cities made predictions of success difficult .
Can heroin maintenance help Baltimore ?
Here 's how Reuter answered his own question :
At best there is a case only for an experiment .
There are too many potential differences between Baltimore City and the other sites in which HAT [ heroin - assisted therapy ] has been tried to allow confident predictions of the outcomes .
Visits to facilities in other countries hardly provide an inspiring model .
The client population in Baltimore City is highly troubled so even if HAT leads to better outcomes for the group as a whole , many of the clients will remain unemployed , marginalized , and in poor health conditions .
There will be some poster children but not many .
The potential for gain , however , is substantial .
Even in the aging heroin - addict population , there are many who are heavily involved in crime and return frequently to the criminal justice system .
Their continued involvement in street markets imposes a large burden on the community in the form of civil disorder that helps keep investment and jobs out .
If heroin maintenance could remove 10 percent of Baltimore 's most troubled heroin addicts from the streets , the result could be substantial reductions in crime and various other problems that greatly trouble the city .
That is enough to make a debate on the matter worthwhile .
" It is a sensible innovation to consider , " Reuter told the Baltimore Sun .
" I am not a passionate advocate for it , but I do think someone should try it in the US .
It has enough plausibility that it 's worth trying . "
But Baltimore officials are not convinced .
" I think it would be a mistake to pursue an expensive and unproven idea when we need more resources for effective drug treatment , " said Dr. Joshua Sharfstein , the city health commissioner , who apparently did not actually read the report .
" There 's nothing that persuades me to invest in something that is so expensive and without evidence . "
Former Baltimore health commissioner Dr. Peter Beilenson worried that the notion was too radical to fly in the US and could undercut more plausible reforms .
" It 's not like everything has been tried and everything has failed and you just throw up your hands , " said Beilenson , who is now Howard County 's top health official .
" The problem is if you are going to do any reasonable drug policy reform , this heroin thing is such a red flag that it takes all the attention away .
It makes it look like anyone who is interested in drug policy reform is crazy . "
[ Ed : Beilenson should know -- he tried it in 1998 . ]
But some addiction specialists said there should at least be a clinical trial .
" Do I think it would be interesting ?
In a controlled clinical trial setting , yes , " said Susan Sherman , an epidemiologist with the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health " To me , it 's also important to have a public dialogue , regardless of the outcome .
It forces people to deal with really hard issues about drug use and drug users . "
" Most studies clearly show they help , " said Dr. Christopher Welsh , assistant professor of psychiatry at the University of Maryland medical school .
" But using public funds to fund something like this would be a whole other level of politics , especially in this economy . "
PHILADELPHIA ( Reuters ) - The American Civil Liberties Union sued a Pennsylvania prosecutor on Wednesday over his threats to charge three teenage girls with child pornography for allowing themselves to be photographed partly clothed with cellphone cameras .
The case involves the growing practice among teens of “ sexting , ” a play on the term texting , in which nude or semi-nude photos are sent on cell phones or posted on the Internet .
The ACLU of Pennsylvania , a chapter of the civil rights group , said Wyoming County District Attorney George Skumanick accused the girls of being accomplices to the production of child pornography because they allowed themselves to be photographed .
Other unidentified people distributed the pictures .
Pictures showing two of the girls wearing white bras , and another standing topless with a towel wrapped around her waist were discovered by school officials in October 2008 , the ACLU said .
The pictures did not show any sexual activity .
The ACLU said Skumanick should not have threatened to file felony charges against the girls unless they agreed to be placed on probation and participate in a counseling program .
The ages of the girls were not given .
“ Kids should be taught that sharing digitized images of themselves in embarrassing or compromised positions can have bad consequences , but prosecutors should not be using heavy artillery ... to teach them that lesson , ” said Witold Walczak , ACLU Pennsylvania legal director .
A 2008 national survey found 20 percent of teenagers say they have sent or posted online nude or semi-nude pictures of themselves , and 39 percent say they have sent or posted sexually suggestive messages , according to the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy .
Sara Mullen , a spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania ACLU , said the case could set a national guideline for schools , prosecutors and parents over how to deal with the “ sexting ” phenomenon .
The ACLU lawsuit asks a federal judge to bar the district attorney from filing criminal charges against the girls .
The suit claims Skumanick misused his authority by threatening to bring baseless child - pornography charges in order to force parents to enroll their daughters in the proposed probation and counseling program .
Skumanick said he will argue at a federal court hearing in Scranton , Pennsylvania on Thursday that the ACLU has no basis for its suit .
He said no charges have been filed because he wanted to give the girls a choice between criminal charges and the other proposed remedies .
“ We gave them the option which we did n’t have to do , ” he said .
“ We thought we were trying to be proactive . ”
Obama : ' Substantial ' number of troops home for next Super Bowl Nick Cargo
Published : Sunday February 1 , 2009
Print This Email This NBC's Matt Lauer sat down in the White House Map Room with President Obama before the Super Bowl game to get his input on his first days in office and hear about his administration 's plans for the war , the economy and ... the game .
" We 've got real threats , and we have to remain vigilant , but the quality of our armed forces has never been better , " he said .
" When you meet the people who are charged with keeping America safe , it gives you enormous confidence .
They are on the case , day in and day out , with extraordinary professionalism .
But there is no doubt that we have to make sure that we do n't let up , because there are people who would be willing to do us harm . "
A " substantial number " of troops will be home for the next Super Bowl Sunday , the President said , on being asked by Lauer about the campaign promise to " end the war in Iraq . "
A " residual force " of thousands will remain , he clarified last December .
" We 're going to roll out in a very formal fashion what our intentions are in Iraq , as well as Afghanistan .
But , in conversations that I 've had with the Joint Chiefs [ and ] with the commanders on the ground , I think that we have a sense , now that the Iraqis just had a very significant election with no significant violence , that we are in a position to start putting more responsibility on the Iraqis .
And that 's good news for not only the troops on the field , but their families who are carrying an enormous burden . "
" I think we 're going to be in for a tough several months , " Obama said on the economy .
" We 've got to get this economic recovery plan passed .
We 've got to start putting people back to work .
We 're going to have to straighten out the credit markets and make sure that credit is flowing to businesses and individuals so that they can start investing and hiring people again . "
The President also talked of plans for new financial regulations .
" I have confidence we 're going to be able to get the economy back on track , but it 's going to take a number of months before we stop falling , and then a little bit longer for us to get back on track . "
Republicans have some " good ideas , " he said on the economic stimulus bill currently being fiercely debated in the Senate , adding that the main objective was to get a bill passed that would put Americans back to work .
The President put his endorsement behind the Pittsburgh Steelers to win Sunday night 's Super Bowl game due to the support he got from Pennsylvanians including Pittsburgh Steelers owner Dan Rooney on the campaign trail .
" Rooney did n't just endorse me , " he said .
" That guy was out going to steel plants campaigning for me .
[ Former Steelers player ]
Franco Harris was out waving towels at my rallies . "
Obama did promise to keep his support low - key .
" We 've got some Arizona congressmen here and I may need their vote on the recovery package . "
The Steelers , he predicted , will " eke it out in a close one . "
The Steelers won 27 - 23 .
The following video , courtesy of MSNBC , was broadcast on February 1 , 2009 :
The Met office has warned that they are now classing tomorrow 's snowfall as an extreme weather event .
Up to 15 cms of snow is expected to fall in some areas of the UK over the next two days as a cold front moves in from the freezing wastes of Russia .
This winter has been the coldest for 13 years and the coming snowfall is expected to be the hardest since February 1991 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This lunchtime light snow was falling intermittently in central London and much of the east of the country .
Heavy snow is expected to bring traffic chaos tomorrow with the commute to and from work expected to be badly hit .
Workers in Leeds and Bradford may have to trudge through up to 5 centimetres of snow in the morning , with a dusting also expected in London .
A spokesman for MeteoGroup , the weather division of the Press Association , said : " Much of the country is in for significant snowfall which may just bear comparisons to the conditions experienced in February 1991 .
" In the context of recent memory , tomorrow could be a very significant day in terms of snowfall . "
The winter of 1991 is remembered by forecasters for a period of extremely heavy snow combined with strong winds , followed by a big freeze .
The treacherous conditions and snowdrifts of more than three metres high crippled parts of the road and rail network network and affected the economy as takings were down as people struggled to get to the shops .
The wintry weather moving in from the east will bring freezing temperatures , biting winds and snow to the eastern half of the UK by tonight .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
People were warned to wrap up warm and expect disruption on the roads during the big freeze .
MeteoGroup said temperatures would barely get above freezing today , with icy winds making it feel even colder .
Up to 15 cm of snow could fall in the Pennines with Lincolnshire and Yorkshire also likely to be badly affected .
The winds , which will generally be around 25 - 30 mph , could get close to gale force in some places tonight , according to forecasts .
The spokesman explained : " Monday will be a very cold day across the UK with frequent snow showers for many areas .
" Some of the showers will be heavy , leading to some accumulations , particularly over the North Yorkshire Moors and the Pennines . "
The AA have warned motorists to ensure they keep warm clothes in the car after dealing with unprepared drivers " flirting with hypothermia " at breakdowns during the last big freeze .
AA Patrol of the Year Andy Taylor said : " People often treat their car as an overcoat .
" But when you break down you are suddenly vulnerable to the weather .
" If you break down on a motorway , the safety advice is to get out of the car and wait behind the barrier .
Unless you have extra clothes you really are flirting with hypothermia . "
Earlier this month , temperatures plunged to lows of minus 13C ( 8.6 F ) during a three - week freeze .
Conditions finally improved and became milder from mid-January .
With overall temperatures in December and January between 1C ( 34 F ) and 1.5C ( 35 F ) below average and a freezing start to February looking likely , MeteoGroup said the last time the winter months were as cold was in 1995 - 1996 .
During that winter , in particular in December , the weather was very cold and windy with plenty of snow .
On December 30 , 1995 the UK national lowest temperature of minus 27.2C ( - 17 F ) was equalled - recorded in the Scottish village of Altnaharra .
The Met office warned that they were now classing tomorrow 's snowfall as an extreme weather event .
They warning covers the south east of England including London .
Head of Forecasting Operations at MetService , Tom Defty said : " This is likely to be the heaviest and most widespread snowfall across England since January 2003 .
" Parts of South - East England , including London and Eastern England will see anywhere from 10 - 15 cm , perhaps above 20 cm over the higher ground . "
" Accompanied by strong winds , the worst of the snow will arrive in Kent during Monday morning before spreading North and West to the rest of England during the afternoon .
" Severe disruption to roads and airports is extremely probable during the peak of the Monday afternoon rush - hour . "
" Through Monday night into Tuesday , a slow thaw will set in across Eastern areas as milder air turns falling snow back to rain . "
He added : " Further outbreaks of snow are expected throughout this week , especially across Wales , Northern England and Scotland . "
Posted on 10 February 2009 by ShepRamsey
With Marcus Nispel ’s wondrous - looking “ reimagining ” of Friday the 13th slamming a meat - cleaver into our young , nubile , and unsuspecting faces this Friday , I thought - being a long - time huge fan of the big , dumb slasher franchise - that I ’d give this little gem of a disposable documentary a decent once - over .
His Name Was Jason : 30 Years of Friday the 13th likes to start things out by lying to us and telling us that the series is 30 years old .
Good ol ’ iMDb tells me that the first one hit theaters on May 9 , 1980 ( Really ?
No Friday the 13th opening ?
What a waste of the gimmick of the series that nothing ever came out of ! )
So , if my math skills are still operating on a first - grade level , then “ Friday the 13th ” is just now closing in on its 29th birthday .
Now , I ’ll admit to dwelling entirely too much on this , but would anyone really have had a tantrum if they titled the movie “ 29 Years of Friday the 13th ? ”
Think about it .
The doc starts out with wonderfully cliche and poorly done slasher movie footage of a girl being chased around by an unseen killer … who we can only assume is Jason Vorhees because we ’re not stupid .
We see Jason ’s tombstone , a Camp Crystal lake sign , and a dead teenager tied to a tree .
All signs point to Jason .
She runs off in a panic just in time for everyone ’s favorite gore - effects - artist / actor Tom Savini to step out of the shadows and greet the audience .
Ahh , it ’s good to see him .
Savini hosts the film and pops up between each segment as frightened teenagers flee from unholy terror .
We kick things off with a ten - minute run-through of all eleven ( count ‘ em–ELEVEN ! )
Jason Vorhees films , complete with interviews with most of the directors ( but where ’s Steve Miner ? ! ) and many of the stars ( but where ’s Corey Feldman ? ! ) and fans of the series ( who hold at least a little clout ) , who all offer their insights and opinions about the conception and general worth of each of the films .
It ’s a fun and brisk retrospective , but if you ’ve seen any of the documentaries on Paramount ’s box set of the first eight films , then , for those entries at least , you ’re not hearing much new .
However , once we hit the underrated Jason Goes to Hell : The Final Friday , we ’re treated to saddening and lovely sentiment from director Adam Marcus , who tells us , “ [ A ] lot of Jason fans , to this day , are pissed off at me for blowing up Jason . ”
Poor guy .
I think you ’re neat !
Now , I love Jason .
I love him !
And the Friday the 13th franchise is my favorite slasher series ever .
As a young teenager , I watched all the movies during Halloween marathons on TNN ( Remember that ?
Before it became Spike TV ? ) .
But I ’m not about to kid myself that Jason is , as a character , an interesting , conflicted kind of guy .
So , His Name Was … gets a little up its own ass in the section where people try to justify him without realizing that he ’s just a big , dumb killing machine who needs no justification .
Thankfully , someone seems to get it : “ Jason is a kid who ’s just too stupid to know that he ’s dead . ”
Exactly !
The movie ’s other sections include an analysis of the movies ’ formula , discussions with the actors playing Jason , the hurdles jumped ( and sometimes not ) in making the films , and the survivors of the series ( this is where we ’d like to have some Corey Feldman , but alas , only one of the three actors to play Tommy Jarvis has show up ) .
These are all fine and dandy and I always love to hear John Carl Buechler ( director of Part 7 ) talk about how the MPAA raped his movie ( my favorite of the series , regardless ) , but they ’re all pretty disposable and fluffy and there ’s nothing new and shocking to be had here .
Still , it ’s fun and if you love the series , then you ’ll definitely enjoy it .
My favorite segment had to be “ Jason ’s Greatest Hits , ” looking back on some of the best kills of the series .
The Kevin Bacon arrow - through - throat , the Mrs. Vorhees decapitation , the machete in the head of the wheelchair guy in Pt. 2 , the eye - popping in Pt. 3 , all the hits are here .
I was especially happy to see someone mention the shattering of the frozen head from Jason X . Although , my nerd - anger went off the charts when Felissa Rose ( the chick - with - the - dick in the first Sleepaway Camp ) called the double - impalement of the horny young teens in Pt. 2 “ so original , ” as this kill was stolen straight out of Mario Bava ’s 1971 film , Twitch of the Death Nerve ( as was much of the material in the first two films – especially Pt. 2 .
Maybe that ’s why Steve Miner is M.I.A. here .
The shame was just too much . )
The movie ends with the obligatory advertisement for this Friday ’s remake .
This section includes interviews with a bunch of people who , disturbingly , must not have had anything to say about the series that could have been used in any other part of the doc .
“ It ’s made by people who love the franchise , ” franchise creator ( and director of the first film ) Sean S. Cunningham assurees us , but I ’m not so sure .
The director , producer , and stars go on to talk about how this is a more “ human ” take on Jason and that he ’s not just “ sort of that supernatural zombie . ”
Well , friends , that ’s simply not Jason Vorhees .
I was wary when I saw the first still with the blonde mullet , and I was upset when I saw him run in the first trailer , and now this is blowing away any leftover “ maybe it wo n’t suck ” thoughts that I might have had rolling around .
What makes Jason Jason is that he can walk faster than you can run .
He does n’t need to sharpen his damn knife because his knife is always sharp .
He does n’t cut off your electricity and fuck with you .
He just kills you .
Essentially , this whole documentary was one big build - up to get me superjazzed about the new movie .
And frankly , it did n’t work .
The DVD is a hefty little 2 - disc package with some pretty solid special features – mostly just extended interviews with directors , writers , and actors .
Not all of the extras are as awesome as they should be .
A promising - sounding little piece called ” Friday the 13th in 4 Minutes ” is n’t the fast - paced editing - together of footage from all eleven films that I hoped it would be .
Instead it ’s just three of the interviewees , intercut together , recounting all eleven films , being sporadically funny and always energetic .
They speak in sentences like “ Bitch has a baby , baby ’s fucked up , gets made fun of . ”
It ’s ok , but I wanted something else .
Once I made it to the “ Yay , remake ! ” Comic - Con footage from last summer , I condeded that it ’s really all just a great big ad for Nispel ’s movie , but if you ’re as big of a fan of the series as I am , you really should pick it up .
It ’s damn entertaining and very reasonably priced .
Have at it !
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-5241
j.d.harrington@nasa.gov
Whitney Clavin
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
818-354-4673
whitney.clavin@jpl.nasa.gov
Michael Mewhinney
Ames Research Center , Moffett Field , Calif .
650-604-3937
michael.s.mewhinney@nasa.gov
George Diller
Kennedy Space Center , Fla .
321-861-7643
george.h.diller@nasa.gov
J.D. HarringtonHeadquarters , Washington202-358-5241 Whitney ClavinJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818-354-4673 Michael MewhinneyAmes Research Center , Moffett Field , Calif.650-604-3937 George DillerKennedy Space Center , Fla.321-861-7643
RELEASE : 09-052
NASA 's Kepler Mission Rockets to Space in Search of Other Earths
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla . -- NASA 's Kepler mission successfully launched into space from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , Fla. , aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta II at 10:49 p.m. EST , Friday .
Kepler is designed to find the first Earth - size planets orbiting stars at distances where water could pool on the planet 's surface .
Liquid water is believed to be essential for the formation of life .
" It was a stunning launch , " said Kepler Project Manager James Fanson of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" Our team is thrilled to be a part of something so meaningful to the human race -- Kepler will help us understand if our Earth is unique or if others like it are out there .
" Engineers acquired a signal from Kepler at 12:11 a.m.
Saturday , after it separated from its spent third - stage rocket and entered its final sun-centered orbit , trailing 950 miles behind Earth .
The spacecraft is generating its own power from its solar panels .
" Kepler now has the perfect place to watch more than 100,000 stars for signs of planets , " said William Borucki , the mission 's science principal investigator at NASA 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif .
Borucki has worked on the mission for 17 years .
" Everyone is very excited as our dream becomes a reality .
We are on the verge of learning if other Earths are ubiquitous in the galaxy .
" Engineers have begun to check Kepler to ensure it is working properly , a process called " commissioning " that will take about 60 days .
In about a month or less , NASA will send up commands for Kepler to eject its dust cover and make its first measurements .
After another month of calibrating Kepler 's single instrument , a wide - field charge - couple device camera , the telescope will begin to search for planets .
The first planets to roll out on the Kepler " assembly line " are expected to be the portly " hot Jupiters " -- gas giants that circle close and fast around their stars .
NASA 's Hubble and Spitzer space telescopes will be able to follow up with these planets and learn more about their atmospheres .
Neptune - size planets will most likely be found next , followed by rocky ones as small as Earth .
The true Earth analogs -- Earth - sized planets orbiting stars like our sun at distances where surface water , and possibly life , could exist -- would take at least three years to discover and confirm .
Ground - based telescopes also will contribute to the mission by verifying some of the finds .
In the end , Kepler will give us our first look at the frequency of Earth - size planets in our Milky Way galaxy , as well as the frequency of Earth - size planets that could theoretically be habitable .
" Even if we find no planets like Earth , that by itself would be profound .
It would indicate that we are probably alone in the galaxy , " said Borucki .
As the mission progresses , Kepler will drift farther and farther behind Earth in its orbit around the sun .
NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope , which was launched into the same orbit more than five years ago , is now more than 62 million miles behind Earth .
Kepler is a NASA Discovery mission .
Ames is the home organization of the science principal investigator and is responsible for the ground system development , mission operations and science data analysis .
JPL manages the Kepler mission development .
Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp. of Boulder , Colo. , is responsible for developing the Kepler flight system and supporting mission operations .
NASA 's Launch Services Program at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center , Fla. , managed the launch service including payload integration and certifying the Delta II launch vehicle for NASA 's use .
For more information about the Kepler mission , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/kepler
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
The condition runs in families
A baby boy has been born in California with 24 perfectly formed fingers and toes - six on each hand and foot .
Being born with additional digits - or being a " polydactyl " - is not wholly uncommon , but it is unusual to see the condition on every extremity .
The Bay Area hospital said staff did not notice the extra digits on ultrasound scans - and did not even spot it when Kamani Hubbard was born .
It was his father , Kris , who realised his son had some unusual features .
Polydactylism is genetic and the father said there was a family history of the condition .
However he added his son's case was unique .
" Some family members have had six fingers , not completely developed .
But not the toes . "
A paediatrician at St Luke 's hospital , Dr Michael Treece , said : " It 's merely an interesting and beautiful variation rather than a worrisome thing .
" Imagine what sort of a pianist a 12 - fingered person would be .
Imagine what sort of flamenco guitarist .
Think of their typing skills . "
Famous polydactyls have reputedly included the English music hall entertainer Little Tich and Anne Boleyn - although the latter is still disputed by historians .
Cricketer Sir Garfield Sobers was also born with an extra finger on each hand .
On May 22 , 2008 a 50 - something year - old woman by the name of Patty Mayo sent out a desperate plea over YouTube .
Her cries echoed through cyber space , receiving over 8,000 hits in just 2 days .
Her wish was simple : for her favorite graffiti artist , Rime aka Jersey Joe , to paint a peeing dog on the side of her trailer .
This was no ordinary trailer .
During the last 10 years it has housed over 200 rescue dogs , abandoned and rescued , and is currently home to eight .
Touched by Patty ’s heartfelt message , Rime booked a flight and headed back to the armpit of America : New Jersey .
Now for the first time the public is invited to witness the event unfold .
Check out the first issue of The Art of Storytelling magazine for the full story of the " pimp my trailer " fiasco , exclusive interviews with the residents , an in depth interview with Jersey Joe and let ’s not forget the aftermath .
The story continues with exploding propane tanks , missing roofs , and a joy ride through the legal system .
We brought along our staff photographer , Matty Brown to get some amazing portrait shots and photos , visit him at www.mattybrownphotography.com, he ’s dope .
Also do n’t forget to visit Patty ’s website at www.rimedogrescue.com
WASHINGTON - The CIA 's secret prisons are being shuttered .
Harsh interrogation techniques are off - limits .
And Guantanamo
Bay will eventually go back to being a wind - swept naval base on the southeastern corner of Cuba .
But even while dismantling these discredited programs , President Barack Obama left an equally controversial counterterrorism tool intact .
Under executive orders issued by Obama last week , the CIA still has authority to carry out what are known as renditions , or the secret abductions and transfers of prisoners to countries that cooperate with the U.S .
Current and former U.S. intelligence officials said the rendition program is poised to play an expanded role because it is the main remaining mechanism - aside from Predator missile strikes - for taking suspected terrorists off the street .
The rendition program became a source of embarrassment for the CIA , and a target of international scorn , as details emerged in recent years of botched captures , mistaken identities and allegations that prisoners were turned over to countries where they were tortured .
The European Parliament condemned renditions as an " illegal instrument used by the United States . "
Prisoners swept up in the program have sued the CIA as well as a subsidiary of Boeing Corp. , which is accused of working with the agency on dozens of rendition flights .
But the Obama administration appears to have determined that the rendition program was one component of the Bush administration 's war on terrorism that it could not afford to discard .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
The decision underscores the fact that the battle with Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups is far from over and that even if the U.S. is shutting down the prisons , it is not done taking prisoners .
" Obviously you need to preserve some tools , you still have to go after the bad guys , " said an Obama administration official , speaking on condition of anonymity when discussing legal reasoning behind the decision .
" The legal advisers working on this looked at rendition .
It is controversial in some circles and kicked up a big storm in Europe .
But if done within certain parameters , it is an acceptable practice . "
One provision in one of Obama 's orders appears to preserve the CIA 's ability to detain and interrogate terrorism suspects as long as they are not held long - term .
The little - noticed provision states that the instructions to close the CIA 's secret prison sites " do not refer to facilities used only to hold people on a short - term , transitory basis . "
Obama 's decision to preserve the program did not draw major protests , even among human - rights groups .
Leaders of such organizations said that reflects a sense , even among advocates , that the United States and other nations need certain tools to combat terrorism .
" Under limited circumstances , there is a legitimate place " for renditions , said Tom Malinowski , the Washington advocacy director for Human Rights Watch .
" What I heard loud and clear from the president 's order was that they want to design a system that does n't result in people being sent to foreign dungeons to be tortured . "
In his executive order on lawful interrogations , Obama created a task force to re-examine renditions to make sure that they " do not result in the transfer of individuals to other nations to face torture " or otherwise circumvent human - rights laws and treaties .
This is one of a series of three blogs - the other two cover the 1960s (
Spaceh opper
) , and the 1980s (
' 80s Actual
)
.
After all the ' 70s hype of the last ten years or so , this is a chance to relive the decade as it really was in England , through newspaper and magazine clippings and memories .
This is the REAL 1970s , not the BBC or Wikipedia 's versions , which hype the decade to death and bolster it up with 1960s and 1980s pop culture .
The '70s were often grim , far slower moving than today , and saw the '60s hippie spell rapidly fading to be replaced by economic gloom and a glut of anger - which manifested itself in the Punk era .
It 's the decade where we liked the Wombles , chucked frisbees , watched Upstairs , Downstairs and Starsky & Hutch , and witnessed the gloriously tacky but hugely danceable rise of a type of music called " Disco " - a new soundtrack for the discotheques , which had been established before the decade began .
With its rich influences , including Soul and Pop , Disco was a wow .
Though not with everybody .
Very few people had a video recorder ( only 5 % of UK households had one by 1980 ) , there were no mobile phones , and although colour TV had been around in this country since 1967 , they did n't come cheap and many of us poorer folk stuck to black and white .
Tristram of George & Mildred got " Pong " at Christmas 1979 , but nobody I knew had a TV games system , which became available , at a price , late in the decade .
Many of us were dirt poor , inflation rocketed , in 1979 interest rates soared to 17 % - the highest since records began in 1694 , decimalisation ( the coins were designed in the late ' 60s ready for " D " day in 1971 ) was controversial - was it bumping up prices ? - and the Queen 's Silver Jubilee Day saw the Sex Pistols in the pop charts with a song which certainly did not express loyal greetings ...
Come back to the REAL 1970s , no rosy coloured specs , no rewriting of the decade to include pop culture belonging to the '60s or ' 80s , but as clear a view as I can possibly give of the decade !
This blog is largely based on English magazine and newspaper clippings and my memories , but I hope that it will also be useful and enjoyable to those living in the other UK nations - and much further afield .
Sometime back I showed you a way to add permanent subtitles or hard subtitles to a video using Subtitle Workshop and Virtual Dub .
Hard subtitles are etched permanently on the video and cannot be turned off .
But some people prefer soft subtitles that can be turned on and off on a player .
DVDs support soft subtitles – you just need a DVD authoring tool to create a DVD with subtitles .
But how do you add soft subtitles to a DivX movie that can be turned on and off at will on a DivX player , just like a DVD ?
This is made extremely easy by a free tool called AVIAddXSubs .
AVIAddXSubs allows you to embed subtitles to a AVI movie which can be played on almost any DivX supporting DVD player .
To use the application , at first you need to make a few preparation .
1 . First copy the AVI movie file and the subtitle file to a folder .
The subtitle has to be in the SRT format .
If it ’s not , use Subtitle Workshop to convert it into SRT and also sync it to the video if necessary , as described on my tutorial .
2. Rename both the AVI movie and the SRT file with the same name .
For example , movie.avi and movie.srt .
3 . Now open AVIAddXSubs and select the video file .
You can also drag the video file to the program ’s executable without launching the program .
You can also drag multiple AVI files at the same time to this program and incorporate subtitles into them in single session .
Each of these AVI files should have a similarly named SRT file .
Additionally , you can add up to 8 different subtitles to the same video file .
4. Customize the font size and other parameters of the subtitle by clicking on the configuration tab .
5 . Once you are done , click Create and you get a DivX file within a few minutes .
AVIAddXSubs does not re-encode the entire video file – the subtitles are inserted in the AVI as an additional stream and work the same way as the subtitles offered in normal DVDs .
This is why the process happens fast .
Also the resulting file is just 2 to 3 MB bigger in size .
The resulting DivX file is capable of playing on a DivX player and no additional subtitle file is required .
Simply turn on subtitles on the player to enjoy it .
This file can also be played normally on a media player like VLC or GOM Player .
When two groups of experts disagree about a controversial subject that intersects the public school curriculum students should learn about both perspectives .
In such cases teachers should not teach as true only one competing view , just the Republican or Democratic view of the New Deal in a history class , for example .
Instead , teachers should describe competing views to students and explain the arguments for and against these views as made by their chief proponents .
— http://www.discovery.org/a/1134
Doubt is our product since it is the best means of competing with the “ body of fact ” that exists in the mind of the general public .
It is also the means of establishing a controversy .
Within the business we recognise that a controversy exists .
However , with the general public the consensus is that cigarettes are in some way harmful to the health .
If we are successful in establishing a controversy at the public level , then there is an opportunity to put across the real facts about smoking and health .
— Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. , 1969 ( source )
“ Teaching the controversy ” has always been a rhetorical centerpiece of the intelligent - design movement , but it has become a more prominent part of their strategy in the wake of ID ’s 2005 court defeat in Dover , Pennsylvania .
Seeking to avoid blame for the Dover verdict , creationist groups such as the Discovery Institute pleaded that they had never wanted to teach intelligent design per se , but only the “ evidence for and against ” evolution .
The most sinister part of this argument is its apparent fairness .
Who could object to teaching students all sides in a dispute ?
Hardly anyone , of course , which is why ID advocates sometimes trumpet polls showing that large majorities say students should be taught the evidence for and against evolution .
That should n’t be a surprise : if there were legitimate evidence against evolution , even I would certainly want it to be taught , as I think most atheists would .
But the problem is that these polls ask a loaded question by assuming that there is such evidence .
If there is a legitimate , scientific controversy over some issue , then by all means , teachers should present all sides in a fair and even - handed manner .
However , this is not a description which applies to the teaching of evolution .
Creationists and their intelligent - design comrades have steadfastly avoided making their case to the scientific community ( where it meets with near - unanimous scorn ) .
Instead , they ’re attempting to do an end - run around that scrutiny by forcing their beliefs into public schools before they have won the approval of practicing , qualified scientists in those fields .
This is completely backwards from how these controversies are supposed to be resolved .
The problem with “ teaching all sides ” is that it can give fringe ideas a credibility they have not earned .
Excessive concern for “ balance ” leads to presenting the speculations of cranks and crackpots as if they were on equal footing with the positions defended by vast majorities of qualified experts .
( The media has a similar problem . )
And this is very useful to advocates of pseudoscience , who often do not need to win the rhetorical battle outright ; they can triumph merely by muddying the waters and preventing a consensus from forming around the truth .
This is the same strategy employed by tobacco companies , as we can see from the second excerpt above , as well as by oil companies seeking to forestall regulation of greenhouse gas emissions .
But with all that said , the idea of teaching the controversy is n’t an intrinsically bad one .
There are plenty of subjects that have legitimate controversies where this commendable call for fairness could be better applied .
For example , how about sex ed ?
A great many religious conservatives – many of the same ones who call for teaching the controversy on evolution , I do n’t doubt – change their tune when it comes to public - school health classes , demanding that students be taught an “ abstinence - only ” program that omits contraception , or mentions it only to discuss its failure rates .
How strange .
Whatever happened to fairness ?
Whatever happened to learning about all sides ?
Why can students make up their own minds about evolution , but not about how to protect themselves from STDs ?
Better yet , how about the public schools that teach about the Bible ?
( There are plenty that do , using curricula developed by third parties such as the Bible Literacy Project or the National Council on Bible Curriculum in Public Schools . )
Here , surely , is a topic that ’s ripe for teaching the controversy !
Let ’s have students read selections from The God Delusion or Losing Faith in Faith .
Let ’s have students hear criticisms of the Bible , like Richard Dawkins ’ famous statement that the god of the Old Testament is “ arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction … a misogynistic , homophobic , racist , infanticidal , genocidal , filicidal , pestilential , megalomaniacal , sadomasochistic , capriciously malevolent bully ” – and then let ’s show them the verses that he uses to back up that criticism !
To borrow some terminology from ID advocates , should n’t the “ strengths and weaknesses ” of the Bible be “ critically analyzed ” ?
The age - old trek of African women to collect water from distant rivers and dirty ponds is once more a feature of the continent .
Millions of women must take the old paths through the bush because an estimated 50,000 recent boreholes , pumps and wells installed with foreign aid are lying derelict for want of basic maintenance .
So claims a new report presented last week at the World Water Forum , a triennial summit , in Istanbul , Turkey .
“ It is not enough to drill a well and walk away , ” says report author Jamie Skinner of the London - based International Institute for Environment and Development .
“ You can rarely declare ‘ job done ’ with any confidence . ”
He estimates $ 300 million of investment has been wasted , undermining the UN Millennium Development Goal of bringing clean water to half of the world ’s estimated billion people still without it .
Advertisement
“ In the Menaka region of Mali , 80 % of wells are dysfunctional , ” Skinner reports .
“ In northern Ghana , 58 % require repair . ”
Key problems , he says , are bad design and poor construction .
Aid agencies like to use local contractors , because it provides work and helps local economies .
But Skinner says many are slipshod , corrupt or incompetent .
Agencies also like to give “ ownership ” of the water sources to villages , encouraging local people to set up committees to collect fees and pay for maintenance .
While fine in theory , this often does n’t work and when repairs are needed the kitty is empty .
The mannish trend seen through vintage reference inspired this fashion editorial featured in the May 2006 issue of Elle Magazine ( Romania ) .
Using sepia tones , these lyric images send us back in time to 1930's , while menswear classics highlight the beauty of the woman .
The fashion editor prompts us to hunt through our grandfathers ' wardrobes for today 's trendiest pieces : suspenders wide - leg trousers , a cotton undershirt or a pair of oxfords / jazz shoes .
Red Dwarf stars Rimmer ( Chris Barrie ) , Kryten ( Robert Llewellyn ) , Lister ( Craig Charles ) and Cat ( Danny John - Jules ) visit the set of ITV soap Coronation Street as part of a two - part Easter weekend special .
Red Dwarf : Back to Earth will be broadcast on digital channel Dave on 10 April .
Just got paid , it ’s Friday night ?
If you ’re thinking of throwing some of that cash into the stock market , maybe you should hold off until Tuesday .
Historically , Monday is by far the worst day of the week for stocks .
Maybe it ’s because people are reacting to bad news dumped over the weekend or maybe it has something to do with this mathematical formula , but the market ’s aversion to Mondays is uncanny ( this past Monday was no exception ) .
How much do we hate Mondays ?
If you had invested $ 100 when the Dow opened in 1928 , cashing out every Friday and reinvesting every Monday , you ’d have $ 1,884.33 today .
But if you had skipped Mondays , buying only on Tuesdays and selling on Fridays , you ’d have $ 47,067.34 today .
Here are the totals when each of the days of the week are excluded :
Monday : $ 47,067.34
Tuesday : $ 2,666.57
Wednesday : $ 1,656.96
Thursday : $ 1,053.85
Friday : $ 361.57
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
最近「 XHTML文書にはXML宣言を入れることが強く推奨されているので入れるべきだ」というような意見を何度か目にしました。しかし、その説明の中で、メディア・タイプ（「text/html」や「application/xhtml+xml」など）については触れられていませんでしたので、ちょっと補足しておきたいと思います。
XHTML1.0の仕様書では、確かにXML宣言をつけることが強く推奨されており、具体的には次のように書かれています。
An XML declaration is not required in all XML documents ; however XHTML document authors are strongly encouraged to use XML declarations in all their documents .
しかし、ここで言うXHTML文書とは、仕様書が意図している本来のXHTML文書、つまりメディア・タイプが「application/xhtml+xml」のXHTML文書を指していて、「text/html」として配信されるXHTML文書の場合はまた別の話となる点に注意が必要です。わかりやすく言えば、XHTML1.0の仕様書は「XMLとして処理される本来のXHTML文書（application/xhtml+xml）」の話をしていて、現実的に大多数を占めてはいるがXHTMLとしては実は例外的な「HTMLとして処理されるXHTML文書（text/html）」の場合は、話がちょっと違うということです。
「 text/html」の場合にどうすればいいのかは、「XHTML
Media Types – Second Edition 」という W3C Working Group Note に書かれています 。
The ‘ text / html ’ media type [ RFC2854 ] is primarily for HTML , not for XHTML .
In general , this media type is NOT suitable for XHTML except when the XHTML is conforms to the guidelines in Appendix A .
— –
「 text/html」は主としてHTML用のメディアタイプであって、XHTML用のものではありません。XHTML文書が付録Aのガイドラインに準拠している場合を除き、一般にこのメディアタイプはXHTML用としてふさわしいものではありません。
この説明から、XHTML文書を「 text/html」として配信する場合は、付録Aのガイドラインに準拠させるべきであろうことがわかります。ちなみに、そのガイドラインとは、「Compatibility Guidelines（互換性ガイドライン）」という、もともとはXHTML1.0の仕様書の中にあったものの最新版で、その最初の項目としては次のように書かれています。
・ DO NOT include XML processing instructions NOR the XML declaration .
・XMLの処理命令やXML宣言を入れない。
これらをまとめると 、XHTML文書を「 text/html」として配信する場合は「互換性ガイドライン」に準拠させるべきであり、「互換性ガイドライン」に準拠させるならXML宣言は入れられないということになります。現在あるXHTML文書の多くは「text/html」として配信されていますが、XML宣言を入れると「互換性ガイドライン」に準拠しない文書となってしまうことを覚えておきましょう。
Scientists from IBM and five university partners will head a US government - funded collaboration to create electronic circuits that mimic brains .
Their ultimate goal will be to understand the complex wiring system of the brain and to build a computer that can simulate and emulate the brain ’s abilities of sensation , perception , action , interaction and cognition while rivaling its low power consumption and compact size .
IBM ’s artificial neural network
illustration ( Credit : IBM )
This impressive research endeavor is termed ‘ cognitive computing ’ and will incorporate the knowledge of neurobiologists , computer and materials ’ scientists and psychologists .
Realizing the potential of the application that could be utilized for large - scale data analysis , decision making or even image recognition , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) is funding what is known as the SyNAPSE program with a $ 4.9 million grant .
The final objective of this venture is a system that has the complexity level of a cat ’s brain .
“ The mind has an amazing ability to integrate ambiguous information across the senses , and it can effortlessly create the categories of time , space , object , and interrelationship from the sensory data , ” says Dharmendra Modha , the IBM scientist who is heading the collaboration .
“ There are no computers that can even remotely approach the remarkable feats the mind performs , ” he said .
“ The key idea of cognitive computing is to engineer mind - like intelligent machines by reverse engineering the structure , dynamics , function and behavior of the brain . ”
neurons and the synapses that connect them , producing ‘ wiring diagrams ’ .
Using this information , computer scientists were able to create a supercomputer by simulating these ‘ wiring diagrams ’ .
In 2007 , Modha and his team successfully created a supercomputer named Observing and testing simple animals , neuroscientists have perfected the theory of theand thethat connect them , producing ‘ wiring diagrams ’ .
Using this information , computer scientists were able to create a supercomputer by simulating these ‘ wiring diagrams ’ .
In 2007 , Modha and his team successfully created a supercomputer named BlueGene which was able to simulate a mouse ’s brain .
The system consisted of 55 million ‘ neurons ’ and some half a trillion synapses .
IBM to develop a cat - like brain
for DARPA ( Credit : IBM ) Modha adds that only recently has the technology increased sufficiently to match the density of neurons and synapses in real brains – around 10 billion to one square centimeter .
This technology makes problem solving potentially limitless .
In other words , these supercomputers could free computers from the constraints of explicitly programmed functions .
The computer would collect incongruent data and evaluate the data based on previous occurrences .
This would then be formed into a class of memory , and the computer would naturally perform decisions based on the process of what we humans call thinking .
The difference between the current programmed computer and the future DARPA SyNAPSE supercomputer is that human derived algorithms programmed into current computers are bounded by their computational ability and also by the need to forcefully feed the computer data from the environment .
However , the new system hopes to develop an autonomous processing center , similar to a brain – also known as a biological neural system .
This ‘ brain ’ would be able to instinctively learn relevant and probabilistically stable features and associations .
The final result would involve every computer being produced with this new intelligence , which accepts and integrates data from an array of sensors and sources and deals with uncertainty .
The average users ’ computer would learn over time and perform pattern recognition to unravel complex problems centered on perception , action and cognition in complex , real - world environments .
While this might sound as if science fiction is turning into science fact , the project has just taken off and many more years of R&D are required to make the system a success .
Barack Obama and Joe Biden listen during the governors meeting .
Obama talks helos with McCain
President Barack Obama opened Monday ’s economic summit by taking aim at the “ casual dishonesty ” of Bush administration budgets Monday , saying he ’ll abandon accounting “ tricks ” used to hide the ballooning deficit and pledging to cut a $ 1.3 trillion federal shortfall in half during his first term .
By the summit ’s close , Obama was trying for a more bipartisan approach , presiding over an extraordinary session where he took questions and comments directly from lawmakers .
He started the proceedings by calling on his presidential rival Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , who questioned why the new presidential helicopters cost as much as Air Force One .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t think there is any more graphic demonstration of how good ideas have cost taxpayers enormous amounts of money , ” McCain told Obama .
Obama quickly agreed , saying he ’d ordered a review of the program , whose cost has soared form $ 6.1 billion to $ 11.2 billion .
“ The helicopter I have now seems perfectly adequate to me , ” the president said to laughter .
“ Of course , I ’ve never had a helicopter before .
Maybe I ’ve been deprived and I did n’t know it . ”
But behind the levity was serious business for Obama , who goes before the American people at a joint address to Congress Tuesday trying to explain how he ’ll dig the nation out of its economic mess .
He began that effort today by pledging to change the way budgeting is done in Washington .
“ I want to be very clear , ” Obama said in opening the session in the White House State Dining Room .
“ We cannot and will not sustain deficits like these without end .
Contrary to the prevailing wisdom in Washington these past few years , we cannot simply spend as we please and defer the consequences to the next budget , the next administration and the next generation . ”
In his opening remarks , Obama returned several times to criticism of past budget practices that clearly was aimed at President George W. Bush ’s administration , suggesting the former president and his team were n’t candid with the American people about the scope of the budget difficulties .
At one point , Obama criticized “ the casual dishonesty of hiding irresponsible spending with clever accounting tricks , the costly overruns , the fraud and abuse , the endless excuses .
This is exactly what the American people rejected when they went to the polls .
They sent us here to usher in a new era of responsibility in Washington , to start living within our means again and being straight with them about where their tax dollars are going . ”
Obama also made clear that he believe he was inheriting the current budget mess from Bush — even though roughly a quarter of the $ 1.3 trillion deficit stems directly from Obama ’s recently economic stimulus package .
Still , Obama said he would break from several of Bush ’s practices in building his own 10 - year budget being released Thursday .
Obama said he would put the full cost of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars on the budget , and allocate money for natural disasters – two things Bush did not do .
“ We do ourselves no favors by hiding the truth about what we spend .
In order to address our fiscal crisis , we have to be candid about its scope , ” Obama said .
Failure to act quickly and decisively , Obama said , “ we risk sinking into another crisis down the road . ”
Despite his whacks at Bush , Obama ’s closing session descended into some rare bipartisan accolades .
The exchange between the two former competitors won praise from Sen. Max Baucus ( D - Mont . )
“ I think it ’s very symbolic and very interesting that the first person you called on is John McCain , ” Baucus said .
“ I think that ’s the tone we have to take here . ”
Yet Obama also singled out House Republican Whip Eric Cantor – one of his fiercest critics on Capitol Hill -- joking that “ some day , sooner or later , he 's going to say Obama had a good idea . "
Obama added , “ On the one hand , the majority has to be inclusive .
On the other hand , the minority has to be constructive … the minority has got to then come up with those ideas and not just want to blow the thing up . ”
While some of Obama ’s critics seemed caught up in the bonhomie , some who did n’t score an invite to the summit sang a different tune .
“ It is ironic that the president is holding a summit on fiscal responsibility less than a week after instigating and signing a massive , wasteful stimulus bill , ” Sen . Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) told Politico .
“ Convening groups to talk about deficits and holding a photo - op is n't going to pay off our debts -- we should be focusing on reducing our estimated $ 1.2 trillion deficit by reforming entitlement programs and reducing wasteful government spending …
That would be something all Americans could support , not just the limited group admitted to attend his summit today . ”
The summit was designed to bring together congressional leaders from both parties along with outside interest groups and experts .
One key goal of the summit to find ways to rein in spending on Medicaid and Medicare – which Obama ’s budget director Peter Orszag said Monday was key to putting the nation ’s economy back on track .
But White House aides have tried to keep expectations low for the one - day event , saying they do n’t expect any policy prescriptions to be decided in the meetings and five breakout session on health care , taxes and the like .
Attending the meetings this morning were House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , House Minority Leader John Boehner , the Senate ’s No. 2 Democrat Dick Durbin and other top lawmakers .
Manu Raju contributed .
Apple touts its iLife suite of photo , video , music , and Web applications as one of the best reasons to buy a new machine , but for existing Mac owners , new iLife releases traditionally cost $ 79 .
With iLife ' 09 , however , Apple has given owners of PowerPC Macs a major incentive not to upgrade : the most significant new feature in GarageBand '09 is Intel - only .
Despite all of Apple 's foot stomping about Universal Binaries and convincing developers how easy it is to straddle both sides of the Mac CPU fence , the company felt the need to take the much - buzzed new " Artist Lessons " feature of Garage Band '09 to the side with greener grass .
From iLife '09's system requirements section at the Apple Store online : " GarageBand Learn to Play requires an Intel - based Mac with a dual - core processor or better . "
Learn to Play is easily GarageBand 09's most appealing new feature , as major recording artists like Sting and Fall Out Boy sit adoring users down to teach them how to play their hit songs .
Building on Apple 's ridiculously - successful App Store business model of bite - sized purchases , more lessons can be purchased for $ 4.99 apiece from a Lesson Store built into GarageBand .
Apple 's site and the iLife '09 software box both state this requirement in fine print , though this increase in system requirements appears to be the latest in a new trend for Apple .
The dramatically rewritten iMovie '08 was the first iLife app to eliminate the G4 PowerPC from its supported CPUs , raising its demands to an Intel processor , a Power Mac G5 dual 2.0 GHz , or an iMac G5 1.9 GHz .
In a way this is n't surprising ; Apple has been using iLife to push the boundaries of both flashy - yet - useful UI design and the capabilities of media editing software .
Still , PowerPC owners hoping to get in on the iLife '09 fun are probably feeling the Intel squeeze on their wallets more than ever now .
We can only expect these performance requirements to become more stringent in future iLife releases .
Take me down little Susie , take me down
I know you think you ’re the queen of the underground
And you can send me dead flowers every morning
Send me dead flowers by the mail
Send me dead flowers to my wedding
And I wo n’t forget to put roses on your grave …
– The Rolling Stones
To : George W. Bush
From :
Your biggest fan
Re : Your imminent unemployment
Greetings , Mr. Bush .
I was sorry to hear about the passing of your cat , India .
Eighteen years is a long time for a cat – my mother has one that ’s 20 and still going strong , if you can believe it – and I ’m sure India had a comfortable , caring life with your family .
I got to spend part of last weekend with an old friend of mine .
He ’s a bit older than 18 , and he ’s also a troop who recently rotated back from a tour in Falluja .
He just had a baby daughter , and he will be sent to Afghanistan before too much longer .
He did his duty in Iraq , dealt his share of death and saw his friends die or be ripped to shreds right in front of him .
He was hollow in a lot of places that had been full before he went to Iraq .
He was not the same man we ’d said farewell to .
But he was alive , and if he survives his upcoming Afghanistan tour , maybe he will get the chance to have a long , comfortable , caring life with his family , just like little India .
At present , my friend ’s life is the polar opposite of comfortable , and he still has Kabul waiting for him just over the horizon .
His life is the way it is because of you , Mr. Bush .
You have been the single greatest influence upon his time in this world ; you put him over there and hollowed him out , and because of you , it ’s about to happen again .
You were the single biggest influence upon the lives of every person he knew over there , every person he saw over there , and every person he killed over there .
It ’s funny .
I was thinking the other day about when I marched in one of the first large - scale post - inauguration protests against you in Washington , DC .
It was May of 2001 , it was The Voter ’s Rights March to Restore Democracy , and it was a few thousand people shouting down the unutterably ruinous Supreme Court decision which unleashed , just as we then feared , everything that has since come to pass .
“ Not my president ! ” we bellowed .
“ Not my president ! ”
It ’s funny because that memory seems so very quaint to me now .
A stolen election ?
Pfff .
To paraphrase a different president , Americans get scarier stuff than that free with their breakfast cereal nowadays .
Thanks to you , governor .
My All - Time - Grand - Prize - Bull - Goose - Gold - Medal - Winning Top
Five list of what you ’ve done , in no particular order , and in my own humble opinion :
1 . You were warned by the outgoing administration when you first took office .
You were warned by the Russians .
You were warned by the Israelis .
You were warned by the Germans .
You were warned in a memo given to you by your own National Security Adviser .
You were warned by men like Richard Clarke .
You were warned all those times that Osama bin Laden intended to strike the United States , and still the Towers came down .
( All those people working on that Legacy Project of yours should go back to bed , by the way ; they are trying to salvage the unsalvageable .
You protected us , they claim ?
Ha .
You ’re 0 - 1 on terrorism and 0 - 2 on war )
2 . Less than a month after those Towers came down , a reporter asked what you thought we should do .
“ We need to counter the shockwave of the evildoer , ” you replied , “ by having individual rate cuts accelerated and by thinking about tax rebates . ”
I happened to be watching television and heard you say that live into a camera .
The only reason I did n’t throw up on myself is because my teeth were clenched too tightly for the vomit to pass my lips .
I swallowed hard , grabbed a pen , and wrote down what you said and when you said it .
It was October 4 , 2001 , just after nine in the morning .
You ’d like people to remember you standing on that pile of rubble in Manhattan , you with the bullhorn and the heroic pose .
I , however , will always remember you pitching tax cuts to a devastated nation while a pall of poison smoke still hung in the air over Ground Zero .
3 . A few years later , you wanted hundreds of billions of dollars diverted from other areas of the federal budget and into your war in Iraq .
You took more than $ 70 billion out of the budget used by the Army Corps of Engineers in Louisiana to fund the repair and maintenance of the New Orleans levee system .
Katrina struck not long after you took that money and poured it into the sand , and the levees failed for lack of funded upkeep .
Through this , along with your disinterested disinclination to help your own countrymen in their hour of darkest need , you played the very last note for that old , sad , lost American city .
Reflected in those actions are the same budgetary priorities that motivated you to turn Walter Reed Army Medical Center , the hospital where I was born , into an abattoir of suffering and neglect for the wounded soldiers you tore apart for a lie .
4 . You let Dick “ Crazy - Eyes ” Cheney do whatever the hell he wanted to whomever he wanted whenever and wherever he wanted , and be damned to the damned old Constitution anyway .
Cheney once said the vice president ’s office was not part of the same branch of government as the president ’s office , and he said it with his bare face hanging out the whole time .
Why ?
He did n’t want to give any of his official papers over to the National Archives , as mandated by at least two federal laws .
Nope , he said , my office is in Congress today , sorry about that , but be sure to come on back after you drop dead .
Or words to that effect .
That ’s about one zillionth of a percent of what he did , because you let him pick himself to be your boss .
5. On July 19 , 2006 , you vetoed H.R. 810 .
On June 20 , 2007 , you vetoed S. 5 .
Both vetoes killed legislation aimed at funding and vastly enhancing the reach and scope of stem cell research in America .
The father of someone I know died of bone marrow cancer just after that first veto ; he was adopted , no family could be located , so no donor match for a bone marrow transplant could be found .
With stem cell therapy , doctors could have taken his own marrow and grown enough healthy , matching marrow to save his life .
Two other people I know have diabetes , like millions of Americans .
Stem cell research could offer them a cure .
Someone else I know has multiple sclerosis , and stem cell research could very well help her , too .
She ’d write you a thank - you note for those vetoes , but her right hand does n’t work so well anymore .
She ’s getting better with her left hand , so maybe that note can get written next year .
Also , you defied lawfully issued subpoenas and potentially set a precedent that could shatter the separation of powers .
You told the American people Iraq was in possession of 26,000 liters of anthrax , 38,000 liters of botulinum toxin , 500 tons – which is one million pounds – of sarin , mustard and VX nerve agent , 30,000 missiles to deliver the stuff , mobile biological weapons labs , al - Qaeda connections and uranium from Niger for use in a robust nuclear weapons program , even though all of that was a lie .
You made a joking video about not being able to find any of it .
You outed a deep - cover CIA agent who was running a network designed to keep weapons of mass destruction out of the hands of terrorists , and you did so because her ambassador husband told the truth about you in the public prints .
You gave away our right to privacy by sending the NSA to spy on us .
You turned us all into torturers and butchers in the eyes of the world with your decision to use Abu Ghraib prison the same way Saddam Hussein once did .
You tried to appoint Henry Kissinger to lead the investigation into 9/11 .
You turned the entire Justice Department into a carnival of political hackery .
You championed the economic policies and deregulation fantasies that have left the financial stability of millions in ashes .
You used the threat of terrorism against your own people in order to give yourself political cover .
You killed hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of people who did you nor us no harm .
You did all this , and so much more .
From a certain perspective , one could argue that you have been the most successful president the country has ever seen .
Think about it , because according to your definition of “ success , ” it ’s true .
You came into office looking to make your friends richer , and to fulfill as best you could your most overriding personal belief : that government is the problem , so government must be damaged and denuded to the point of impotence .
Through your tax cuts and your two vastly expensive boondoggle wars , you made your friends rich .
By unleashing Mr. Cheney and your other minions , you tore the Constitution to shreds and tatters .
You have achieved both goals in smashing style , so from that certain perspective , you have triumphed .
Could you also , from the proper perspective , be considered our greatest president ?
Perhaps , someday , if we make it so .
It will be in the best interests of many powerful people if we as a nation simply dismiss you and forget you ever happened .
A lot of news media people want us to forget you , because in forgetting you , we would forget the media ’s vast complicity in your actions and misdeeds .
A lot of rich people making new fortunes from war profiteering and defense contracts want us to forget they and you even exist , as it would make it possible for them to do it all again someday .
A lot of politicians who stapled themselves to you would simply adore it if we forgot about you .
The Republican Party would be forever in our debt if we forgot about you .
No .
We will not forget you .
We will remember .
We the people are going to save you from ignominious oblivion .
We will remember .
You could be the president who doomed America , the worst president of all time , but we must not , will not let that happen .
You will be remembered differently , because we will hold the memory of you high , and behold you , and say , “ Never , never , never again . ”
We have tasted the soot and smelled the blood on the wind ; we have seen how fragile our way of government is when placed in the hands of low men such as you , and because of that , you will be remembered for all time .
Your greatness will be defined by how we rise to overcome and undo what you have done .
Your greatness will stand forever if we never , ever forget the hard , bitter lessons you taught us .
We are responsible for this republic , for our Constitution , and for each other .
We are our brother ’s keeper .
You taught us that by becoming our Cain .
You nearly slew us , but here we stand , and we defy the place in history you would relegate us to .
We defy you , and by doing so , we rise .
Something like you must never again be allowed to happen to this country , and if we save ourselves by preventing you from ever happening again , your greatness is assured .
You are the tallest of all possible warnings , and a promise all of us must solemnly and stalwartly keep .
If we can damn you to the past , we will save our own future .
May you live forever , you son of a bitch .
Copyright © Truthout .
May not be reprinted without permission .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
President Barack Obama has said the US - UK " special relationship " will " only get stronger " , after holding talks with prime minister Gordon Brown .
It was " not just important to me " but " important to the American people " , he told reporters in the White House .
The talks focused on the economy , as Mr Brown became the first European leader to meet the new president .
Asked about their personal rapport , Mr Obama said they had " spectacular wives and wonderful children in common " .
On Wednesday Mr Brown will also become the fifth British prime minister to address Congress , when he is expected to warn against turning to protectionism as a response to the downturn .
' Get stronger '
At the White House press conference , Mr Obama said : " Great Britain is one of our closest and strongest allies and there is a link and bond there that will not break . "
He added : " This notion that somehow there is any lessening of that special relationship is misguided ...
The relationship is not only special and strong but will only get stronger as time goes on . "
The president was speaking after around an hour of talks which were dominated by the economy , with both men agreeing that improvements were needed to the regulation of the global banking system .
Today 's meeting cannot be the equivalent of the Camp David ' Colgate moment ' at which Bush & Blair bonded
Nick Robinson 's blog Matt Frei on special relationship Mr Obama warned that countries should not " project inwards " by encouraging protectionism during the economic crisis .
Mr Brown , who will host a summit of the Group of 20 ( G20 ) developed and emerging economies in London on 2 April , said : " I have come here to renew our special relationship for new times .
It is a partnership of purpose born out of shared values .
" It is a partnership of purpose founded on determination to rise to every challenge and it is a partnership of purpose driven forward now by the need for all of us to work together to deal with the world 's economic problems . "
' Cleaning up '
Mr Obama also urged coordinated action , saying : " All of these steps , I think , are going to slowly build confidence but it is not going to happen yet .
" We together have dug a very deep hole for ourselves .
There were a lot of bad decisions that were made .
We are cleaning up that mess .
" There are going to be fits and starts in getting the mess cleaned up but it is going to get cleaned up and we will emerge more prosperous , more unified and more protected from systemic risks . "
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said the press conference had a " very different feel " to those more informal ones involving predecessors Tony Blair and George W Bush .
Michelle Obama and Sarah Brown also held a meeting Downing Street dismissed suggestions that Mr Brown 's visit had been downgraded by Mr Obama after it emerged there would not be a formal joint press conference .
The prime minister 's wife Sarah also met First Lady Michelle Obama away from the media cameras .
Mr Brown 's address to Congress is expected to compare the battle against the global recession to the fight against European fascism in the 1940s .
Former assistant secretary of state James Rubin said one of the current fears was protectionism .
He said : " Everyone who 's an international economist is worried about this sort of thing .
But everyone who 's a politician knows that people are going to have to take care of their own in a time of crisis .
" That does n't mean there is n't going to be plenty of trade and plenty of international economic cooperation .
But when you have a crisis like this people have a tendency to look first to their own constituents . "
The EU and Canada have warned that a " buy American " clause in the US economic recovery package could promote protectionism .
It seeks to ensure that only US iron , steel and manufactured goods are used in construction work funded by the bill - but has included a pledge to respect international trade obligations .
Former UK foreign secretary Sir Malcolm Rifkind said : " The single biggest issue is the issue of protectionism , maintaining the free trade system which has done so much to increase prosperity over the last 30 to 50 years and the President knows that .
The President is unlikely to challenge that .
" But within Congress you have a large number of congressmen who do n't have the responsibilities of government , who are under pressure from constituents and they are the people who have to be influenced , if they can be influenced , by Gordon Brown and his address . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Daniel Radcliffe introduces this Japanese trailer for Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince that had stills making their way across the web .
The trailer offers all new footage and although the voice over is in Japanese the actual footage is in English .
Hopefully we will get a full English version shortly .
AROUND THE WEB
By GottaLaff
Wikileaks is " a non-profit project , sponsored by transparency groups and investigative journalists world wide . "
And guess what they 're doing !
[ T ] hey are releasing over $ 1 billion dollars ' worth of reports gathered by the Congressional Research Services ( CRS ) .
These reports are provided to members of the US Congress and are legally in the public domain .
However , they are only released to the public with the permission of Congress in a complex system of permissions and protocols and ass- covering politicians .
Needless to say , attempts to free this information from the 'red tape ' that keeps it from actually being released to the public have been met with resistance .
Well , leave it to Wikileaks to strike a blow for transparency .
The 6,780 reports , current as of this month , comprise over 127,000 pages of material on some of the most contentious issues in the nation , from the U.S. relationship with Israel to the financial collapse .
Nearly 2,300 of the reports were updated in the last 12 months , while the oldest report goes back to 1990 . [...]
Each time the topic of opening up the reports comes up , it runs into walls erected by opposing lawmakers such as Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - Alaska ) , who " like many members of Congress , views CRS as an extension of his staff , " .
If the reports were made public , " every time a member requests a particular document , the public may infer that he 's staking out a particular policy position . "
( Aaron Saunders , Stevens ' spokesman , Washington Post , 2007 ) [ 4 ] .
A few of the subjects covered :
These reports cover a broad range of subjects , including reviews of domestic and foreign policy , military operations , liability for disasters and conflict , taxes , alternative fuels , SEC , telecom , banking , adult education , literacy , FEMA , domestic surveillance , global warming , offshore banking - to name only a fraction .
Title : President Bushs 2003 Tax Cut Proposal : A Brief Overview CRS report number : RS21420 Author(s ) : David L. Brumbaugh , Government and Finance Division Date : May 12 , 2003 Abstract
On January 7 , 2003 , President Bush announced the elements of a new tax cut plan intended to provide a fiscal stimulus to the economy by encouraging consumer spending and promoting investment .
As initially announced , the stimulus package contained an estimated $ 670 billion in tax cuts over 10 years , and included acceleration to 2003 of tax cuts scheduled to be gradually phased in under the tax cut enacted in 2001 ; elimination of individual income taxes on corporate - source dividends and capital gains ; and an increase in the expensing tax benefit for business investment .
On February 3 , 2003 , the Administration released FY2003 budget documents providing a more comprehensive outline of the Presidents tax proposals .
The budget proposes tax cuts totaling an estimated $ 1.46 trillion over 10 years .
This amount includes the already - proposed stimulus package , a set of additional tax cut proposals characterized as tax incentives , and a proposal to make the expiring provisions of the 2001 tax cut permanent .
Download the full report here ( PDF ) ( text ) Publisher : United States Congressional Research Service Title : Pakistan - U.S. Anti-Terrorism Cooperation CRS report number : RL31624 Author(s ) : K. Alan Kronstadt , Foreign Affairs , Defense , and Trade Division Date : March 28 , 2003 Abstract
This report reviews Pakistan - U.S. counterterrorism cooperation , including issues for Congress , law enforcement and intelligence , military operations , arms sales , and security cooperation .
It also addresses domestic political repercussions for Pakistan and their possible effects on future Pakistan - U.S. relations .
Download the full report here ( PDF ) ( text )
Knock yourselves out in the name of the American people .
Here are a few samples of what you 'll find there :
Three commercial satellite images from GeoEye give a sense of just how many people descended on Washington yesterday .
If you were there , or know someone who was , see if you can -- no , on second thoughts , forget it .
Above :
The blotches , from the Washington Monument on the left to the Capitol on the right , are crowds of spectators
Above :
There was still plenty of space around the Washington Monument .
Hundreds of thousands , probably millions of people showed up yesterday -- we 're still not sure exactly how many -- but the Mall is very , very big indeed
Above : Spectators at the Capitol .
The president was sworn in on the steps , beneath the upper two semicircles of onlookers ( All photographs : AFP / Getty )
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran ’s president said on Tuesday Tehran was ready for talks with the United States but demanded a fundamental change in U.S. policy , in his most measured remarks to America since President Barack Obama took office .
Obama said on Monday that he saw the possibility of diplomatic openings with Iran in the months ahead , marking a break with his predecessor George W. Bush .
The United States and its Western allies accuse Iran of seeking nuclear weapons , a charge Tehran denies .
Despite a new approach , Obama ’s administration has also warned Iran of tougher sanctions if it does not halt its disputed nuclear work .
“ The new U.S. administration has announced that they want to produce change and pursue the course of dialogue , ” President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told a rally to mark the 30th anniversary of the Islamic revolution that ousted the U.S. - backed shah .
“ It is quite clear that real change must be fundamental and not tactical .
It is clear the Iranian nation welcomes real changes , ” he said , adding : “ The Iranian nation is ready to hold talks but talks in a fair atmosphere with mutual respect . ”
Ahmadinejad did not refer to the tough conditions he mentioned on previous occasions , a more measured approach that analysts said was likely to be welcomed by Obama and his team .
“ On the face of it , it seems to be a significant signal , an opening that will encourage the Obama administration that they ( Iranians ) are actually willing to sit down , ” said Paul Salem , director of the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut .
An Iranian political analyst said : “ Obama ’s tone was soft , his tone could n’t be harsh . ”
Ultimately , policy will not be decided by the president but by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who has the final say in all matters of state in the Islamic Republic .
He tends to look for a consensus in the political elite , analysts say .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrives for an official meeting with Samir Qantar of Lebanon in Tehran February 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Raheb Homavandi
Khamenei has , so far , kept silent on Obama and his overture .
Obama said in January America was prepared to extend a hand of peace if Iran “ unclenched its fist . ”
Ahmadinejad responded by demanding Washington withdraw troops from Iraq and Afghanistan , and apologize for what he said were U.S. “ crimes ” against Iran .
Ahmadinejad has a presidential election to contest in June , which will pit him against former President Mohammad Khatami , who pushed for detente with the West during his 1997 - 2005 term .
‘ WINNING CARD ’
Ties with Washington have already become a hot topic of political debate as the election race takes shape .
Some listening to Ahmadinejad , detected a hint of campaigning .
“ Ahmadinejad can play a helpful role in the improvement of Iran - America ties .
He can also use this issue as a winning card in the upcoming presidential election , ” said 24 - year - old student Mostafa Jabbari .
Many Iranians are tired of isolation but some say Iran needs a hard - liner to win U.S. concessions not a moderate like Khatami , whose reforming efforts were mostly blocked by conservatives .
Speaking to reporters after meeting Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani in Madrid on Sunday , Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos said : “ They ( Iranians ) think the American attitude is positive , and they are just waiting for that attitude to manifest itself in some gesture . ”
But the election race could encourage the United States and Iran to tread cautiously as they await the result , analysts say .
In his speech broadcast on state television , Ahmadinejad also turned to some of his more typical language to criticize the West , saying nations who sought to monopolize power , impose sanctions and threaten military action had not succeeded .
The U.N. Security Council has slapped three rounds of sanctions on Iran and U.S. sanctions have been tightened because Tehran has refused to rein in its nuclear work .
Intelligence Minister Gholamhossein Mohseni - Ejei said a bomb was defused on Tuesday in the western city of Hamedan , “ planted by the enemies of the revolution ” and targeting those celebrating the 30th anniversary , ISNA news agency reported .
He did point a finger but Iran has often blamed Washington in the past for backing plots to destabilize Iran .
Obama ’s administration , like Bush ’s , has refused to rule out military action if needed but says it wants tough diplomacy .
“ We will be looking for openings that can be created where we can start sitting across the table face - to - face , ” Obama said , adding Iran must stop pursuing nuclear weapons , end support for terrorist groups and cease “ bellicose language ” toward Israel .
Washington broke ties with Iran shortly after the 1979 Islamic revolution when radical students stormed the U.S. embassy and held 52 Americans hostage for 444 days .
The Mumbai attacks created new tension between India and Pakistan A senior Pakistani official has admitted for the first time that last year 's attacks in the Indian city of Mumbai were partly planned in Pakistan .
Interior Ministry chief Rehman Malik said that a number of suspects from the banned Lashkar - e - Taiba militant group had been held and may be prosecuted .
India 's foreign ministry described it as a " positive development " .
Tensions were high after Delhi said 10 gunmen from Pakistan were involved in November 's attacks that killed 173 .
Pakistan denied any responsibility in the immediate aftermath of the attacks , but later admitted that the sole gunman captured alive was one of its citizens .
' Mastermind '
On Thursday Mr Malik told a news conference that legal steps had begun against eight suspects which could lead to prosecutions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Some part of the conspiracy has taken place in Pakistan .
We have lodged an FIR [ first information report ] into the case , " he told a news conference in Islamabad .
He said six of the suspects " are now in custody " while two others remain at large .
It is not clear when the suspects were arrested - Pakistan said in January that 71 suspects had been detained .
Arrests began in early December .
" The attackers left from Karachi on a boat hired from Balochistan [ province ] , " Mr Malik said .
" An e-mail claiming responsibility for the attack was sent by Zarrar Shah of the Lashkar - e - Taiba . "
Mr Shah was arrested at a Lashkar camp in December in Pakistani - administered Kashmir by security forces .
Another man arrested at the time was Zaki-ur - Rehman Lakhvi , described as Lashkar 's chief of operations .
Mr Malik named Hamad Amin , a Karachi resident currently in Pakistani custody as the mastermind behind the attacks .
The BBC's Syed Shoaib Hasan in Islamabad says this is the first time the Pakistani authorities have acknowledged the full extent of the charges made by the Indian government .
Our correspondent says it is also the first time a serving Pakistan government official has acknowledged that a foreign terror plot was hatched in Pakistan - an admission that could hold serious implications for the country 's security establishment .
' Surprised India ' India 's foreign ministry welcomed Pakistan 's admission .
" We would expect that the government of Pakistan take credible steps to dismantle the infrastructure of terrorism in Pakistan , " it added in a statement .
There is genuine surprise in India at what is seen by some as a major turn - around by Pakistan , the BBC's Sanjoy Majumder in Delhi says .
Top Indian officials are now meeting to examine the information that has been handed over before determining their next move .
India has in the past consistently accused Pakistan of not doing enough to arrest those behind the attacks .
Thursday 's remarks by Mr Malik follow two months of rising tensions between India and Pakistan .
Both countries have large numbers of troops near their respective borders
The Indian government has demanded that Lashkar - e - Taiba leaders be extradited , while Pakistan has insisted any prosecutions would take place on its soil .
Delhi has also suggested that what it calls Pakistani " state elements " were involved , something Islamabad has consistently denied .
Islamabad also derided the contents of a dossier which Delhi said contained evidence to support its case .
Officials said they had also shut several schools run by a charity linked to Lashkar - e - Taiba .
Earlier this week Pakistan said it wanted to prosecute suspects in the Mumbai attacks but needed more evidence from India to do so .
Islamabad 's decision to acknowledge links between Pakistan and the attacks on Mumbai is to some extent the result of pressure from the West and the fear of increasing tension with India , the BBC 's defence and security correspondent Rob Watson says .
And although Western countries are likely to view it as positive , they are generally very sceptical about the commitment of Pakistan 's security establishment to get to grips with violent Islamic extremists based on Pakistani soil , he adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most Conceptual and Terrific Dark Art Photos
Dark
Art has now become a very recognizable art and continues to grow in popularity .
In this medium of art an artist has much room to convey their thoughts and feelings in their creativity .
Here I am presenting 14 very conceptual and meaningful dark art photos for you , hope you all will enjoy this and i am very much sure you will be inspired and enthused by these attractive dark art collection .
( The Frisky ) -- Bread , bacon , clams - whatever you call it , women are the ones bringing it home these days .
When your boyfriend or husband is unemployed and you 're earning the dough , the relationship could suffer .
According to The New York Times over the past year , as companies from Citibank to GM announced massive layoffs , a full 82 percent of the people getting pink slips have been men .
Any day now , women are expected to become the majority of the American workforce .
On the one hand , more women being primary money - makers is amazing - a real opportunity for us to get over the way - outdated idea that supporting a family is a man 's job .
But on the other hand , relationships can suffer when one source of income is lost and power dynamics shift .
We talked to six women whose husbands / fiancé / boyfriends have lost their jobs .
Here 's how it 's affecting their relationships :
1. Down to necessities .
But now , he 's needy .
" My live - in boyfriend of 17 years lost his mechanical engineering job three months ago .
We have n't gone out to a restaurant since and are buying store brands at the market .
He 'd never admit it - but he 's become more needy .
When I 've had a stressful day at work , it 's hard to come home and be upbeat and supportive . "
-- Lynn Brown , 44 , life coach in Greenfield Center , New York
2. Forget love .
He goes where the work is .
" Between September and January , my boyfriend has been laid off four times .
He applied for tons of jobs in Los Angeles , but got zero response .
Then he posted his resume in Boston , where he 's from .
He got 10 calls quickly .
We decided it was best for him to move back to Boston .
The recession has split us up . "
-- Jennie , 27 , counselor in Los Angeles
Do n't Miss
The Frisky : How NOT to talk about money with your honey
The Frisky : How NOT to talk about money with your honey The Frisky : Retro romancing : bringing back mix tapes
The Frisky : Retro romancing : bringing back mix tapes
The Frisky : How to be a recessionista
In 30 days
3 . He 's become a house - spouse .
" My husband Paul is now responsible for keeping the house clean , washing the dishes , doing the laundry , taking our son to practices , helping with homework , plus walking the dog . "
-- Elizabeth Naculich , 40 , event services manager in Fort Smith , Arkansas
4 . Or not .
" I 'm angry at my fiancé .
I 'm working around the clock , picking up hours so we can afford our apartment .
I 'll ask in the morning if he can do the laundry or figure out dinner .
When I get home , it 's obvious he 's done nothing all day but play video games .
I sympathize with him being out of work , but that 's no excuse to not pick up the slack . "
-- Suzanne , 31 , consultant in Chicago
5 . Starting a family is even harder .
" I 'm nine months pregnant , I am so uncomfortable , and I just want to be at home .
But , I 'm at work .
I have to stick it out until the very end because my husband recently lost his job as a consultant for Merrill Lynch .
I am the only one bringing in an income now and our health insurance is through my job .
The worst part is that I only get four weeks of unpaid maternity leave .
I 'll have to be back at work when our baby is a month old .
It 's just not what I had imagined . "
-- Katherine , clinical social worker in New York City
6 . To be involved in their job search , or not to be ?
That is the question .
" My husband has been out of work for months , and I do n't get the impression he 's doing enough to change the situation .
I keep asking , ' What jobs did you apply for today ?
Did you talk to so - and - so about things at his company ? '
I feel like a total nag .
I 'm trying to figure out the line .
Do I print out job listings for him , or is that totally emasculating ?
I do n't want to be like an overbearing mom . "
-- Samantha , 25 , teacher in Atlanta
TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
When you take $ 165 billion from the U.S. government , you better make yourself available when Congress comes calling .
This Wednesday , lawmakers from the House Financial Services Committee are holding court with the chief executive officers of the eight banks that received the first injections of capital from the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP .
Experts say the hearing may wind up being remembered for the tongue lashing that these executives will receive from members of Congress .
Lawmakers have been incensed about banks ' reluctance to use the money they 've received for loans to consumers and businesses .
" It 's going to be a beating up exercise , " said Bert Ely , a principal at Ely & Co. , a financial institutions and monetary policy consulting firm in Virginia .
With this in mind , we asked some experts who closely track the banking industry to suggest questions they want Congress to ask the CEOs of Citigroup , Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Wells Fargo , Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , Bank of New York Mellon and State Street .
What did you do with the money ?
This question is arguably the one that is on the minds of most lawmakers and taxpayers ever since former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson unveiled plans to inject billions of dollars into the banking system in October through the purchase of preferred shares in leading banks .
By force feeding capital into nine of the nation 's largest financial institutions ( including Merrill Lynch , which has subsequently been acquired by Bank of America ) , regulators hoped banks would use it to keep credit flowing and prevent the economy from spiraling any lower .
But there have been concerns that some financial institutions have instead hoarded the cash .
Some banks that received TARP funding have also been accused of using government funds to acquire rivals and pay lavish bonuses to executives .
So far , just one company - Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) - has offered a detailed view of how they used the money .
But of the $ 45 billion the company has received in government aid , just $ 17.5 billion has gone toward making new loans or extending existing credit lines , according to company figures .
Campbell Harvey , a professor of finance at Duke University 's Fuqua School of Business , argues that lawmakers should probe deeper , particularly when it comes to financing for small - and medium - sized businesses , a group that serves as a key driver of economic growth and has been among the most squeezed in the credit crunch .
" Right now we are in a situation where [ small businesses ] are cutting productive people , " said Harvey .
" I point my fingers at the banks for that . "
What have you done to act more responsibly ?
Lawmakers may also want to push banks on what kinds of concessions they have made in light of the extensive government assistance they have received so far .
" What things have you done internally in recognition of receiving funds to help curtail spending ? " asked Jim Moss , a managing director at Fitch Ratings , who heads the firm 's North American financial institutions ratings team .
That discussion , notes Moss , could involve salaries , spending on advertising or what steps , for example , banks have taken to help their customers , especially homeowners at risk of foreclosure .
So far , there have been few signs of any quid pro quo .
Late last month , Wall Street firms were roundly criticized following reports that the industry paid out more than $ 18 billion in bonuses last year , the sixth - highest total on record in a year that clearly was not the sixth - best in the industry 's history .
Since then , President Obama has issued stern executive compensation limitations on banks requiring future assistance .
But they are not retroactive .
With that in mind , it will be interesting to hear if any of the CEOs Wednesday bristle at the notion that they needed government assistance .
Some banks , including JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) and Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) , avoided wading too deeply into the toxic subprime mortgage market in the years leading up to the crisis .
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and Wells Fargo CEO
John Stumpf reportedly were reluctant to take TARP funding because of the restrictions that came with it .
And last week , executives from Goldman Sachs and Bank of New York Mellon said they were eager to pay back the government as soon as they could .
But regulators gave them little choice last fall when the capital injection plan was announced .
How many more potential losses are there ?
Of all the banks and securities firms around the globe , none have suffered more than U.S. institutions , which have hemorrhaged close to $ 500 billion as a result of asset writedowns and credit - related losses , according to Bloomberg .
That number is widely expected to climb as the economy remains mired in recession and with unemployment likely to keep rising .
So lawmakers may very well try to press the eight executives Wednesday about how much more dire things could get in terms of more loan defaults .
" That is really the key issue , " said Patrick Finnegan , director for the financial reporting policy group at CFA Institute , the organization which awards the chartered financial analyst designation .
" Once you understand that , you want some degree of significant influence over how these monies are used . "
The Obama administration outlined its plans for the second half of the government 's $ 700 billion rescue package Tuesday .
The new plan was met with skepticism on Wall Street , partly due to lack of details about what really will be done to address the issue of toxic assets stuck on banks ' balance sheets .
Congress may also be girding itself for the possibility that banks may need another massive dose of capital given the current economic climate .
FBR Capital analyst Paul Miller said recently that the biggest U.S. banking institutions may need as much as $ 1.2 trillion in additional capital .
How did you get to Washington ?
And of course , there 's the ever important question of transportation .
Lawmakers were enraged when top executives at Ford , General Motors and Chrysler chartered expensive corporate jets in December to fly to Washington in order to beg for taxpayer money .
Having the benefit of that experience - and facing heavy scrutiny from the American public about their own spending - top bank CEOs will embrace the more plebeian route .
Bank of America's ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) Ken Lewis is expected to travel from his company 's Charlotte , N.C. , headquarters by train , according to the Financial Times .
Citigroup 's Vikram Pandit , as well as Goldman Sachs ' ( GS , Fortune 500 ) Lloyd Blankfein and Morgan Stanley 's ( MS , Fortune 500 ) John Mack , are expected to fly commercial from New York , the paper reported .
" I would be surprised if there was a backup of corporate jets at the airport for this , " said Seamus McMahon , vice president in the financial services group at consulting firm Booz & Company .
Newspapers around the world skewer Bush on eve of departure John Byrne
Published : Monday January 19 , 2009
Print This Email This Rancor for President almost universal
On the eve of his departure , newspapers across the world are letting loose in editorials on the man seen as responsible for diminishing America 's standing in the world : President George W. Bush .
Papers in Canada and France say he 's the worst president ever .
An outlet in Scotland says Bush drove the world to the brink of economic collapse .
A pan-Arabic newspaper penned a headline , " The Joke 's On Us . "
" Goodbye to the worst president ever , " declared the Toronto Sun 's editorial page .
" Bush was an unmitigated disaster , failing on the big issues from the invasion of Iraq to global warming , Hurricane Katrina and the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression . "
A Reuters summary of more than a dozen newspapers spanning the globe found an almost universal lugubriousness about the havoc they felt Bush had caused to the world .
" The United States was once the symbol of justice in the world but that has been damaged by Bush , " wrote Austria 's Wiener Zeitung .
" A web of manipulation has cost America $ 900 billion and the lives of 4,000 soldiers -- along with at least 500,000 Iraqis . "
Perhaps the most original , however , was Pan - Arab al - Hayat newspaper , which " recalled his controversial election win in Florida and how he once nearly choked on a pretzel , watching television . "
" Perhaps we could say that fate , which let the American people down first in Florida and then with the issue of the pretzel in the president 's throat , ultimately helped them by making sure the president would spend half his time on vacation , " wrote the paper 's editorial writers .
" Indeed , he would have caused twice the damage if he had been more active and focused . "
Not everyone wrote badly of Bush .
Most complementary , according to Reuters , was the Jerusalem Post , which remarked that Bush had been the best friend to Israel in 60 years .
Powered by Mochila
Pub refuses to serve two Marines who fought on Afghanistan frontline ... because they only had their military ID
Two Royal Marines tried to go for a homecoming drink a day after fighting on the front line in Afghanistan - but were refused entry to a pub because they only had military ID .
Dan Buchanan and Kelvin Billings were stunned when doormen at the J D Wetherspoon pub in Guildhall Walk , Portsmouth , Hants , refused them entry .
Refused entry : Kelvin Billings and Dan Buchanan outside their local JD Wetherspoon pub in Portsmouth
They showed their military ID which included their dates of birth .
But Wetherspoon said the cards were not acceptable as evidence of proof of age .
Marine Buchanan , 21 , said today : ' A day before I was putting my life on the line for Britain and yet that did n't count for anything .
Man of action : Kelvin Billings in Afghanistan
' We were disgusted and angry , to be honest . '
The pair , serving with 42 and 45 Commando in Afghanistan during the current deployment , had both returned to their shared house unaware that the other had leave .
They went to the Isambard Kingdom Brunel pub , dressed in civilian clothes , for a quiet beer and catch up about 9.30 pm on Saturday .
But the doorman asked them for ID and rejected the military cards they produced .
Mne Buchanan said : ' We could n't believe it , we did n't have any other ID because it 's all still in Afghanistan . '
Lance Corporal Billings , 22 , said he was shocked that military ID was not enough to get past the doormen .
' The head doorman said it is company policy , but Portsmouth is the home of the navy and the marines have been here for centuries , so how can that be right ?
' Without us these places would n't be in business , it 's completely hypocritical .'
Liberal Democrat MP for Portsmouth South Mike Hancock , who also sits on the Commons Defence Committee , said : ' It 's absolutely appalling .
Dan Buchanan is ' disgusted and angry ' that his military ID was not accepted by the pub
' These men have put their lives on the line .
' They had their military ID on them which clearly would have had pictures on to identify them so why on earth were n't they allowed in ?
It 's jobsworthiness gone mad .
' Licensed premises are entitled to ask for ID for age checking purposes but I can't believe that they could not accept military ID .
It 's absolutely mind boggling . '
A spokesman for JD Wetherspoon said the company only accepts three forms of ID to combat fraud - a passport , driving licence or UK citizen card .
He added : ' We have a really good relationship with the armed forces and welcome them into our pubs .
' In fact , we are currently running a promotion which offers discount to armed forces personnel .
' We apologise if the person was disappointed that he was not allowed in but we only accept a handful of forms of ID . '
" My Brother Jim filmed this fire coming towards him at home .
St Andrews Victoria . "
Scary stuff !!
Posted on February 25 , 2009 in Political Cartoons
See Also : Words ‘ ring hollow ’ in Obama ’s error filled speech , David Frum on Bank Takeovers , Quotes of the day , Peak Wingnut is a Unicorn , The Loch Ness Monster , and Bigfoot All In One ,
Obama ’s Radicalism : Breaking The “ Big Versus Small Government ” Frame , The Magic of Obamanomics , What Part of ‘ Stimulus ’ Do n’t They Get? , None so blind , and Republicans About to Lie in Tax Cut Bed of Their Own Devising .
[ tags ] republican first aid , comic , image , photo , political comic , republican solution to the debt , stimulus , recession , obama , tax cuts , and more tax cuts [ / tags ]
By Jenny Culshaw
BBC News
Genuine jobs do not ask for upfront cash , authorities say .
Scammers targeting people who want to work from home are using the downturn in the economy as a chance to cash in , the Office of Fair Trading says .
Firms tricking people into thinking they can earn easy money , cost UK victims £ 70 m a year , the OFT estimates .
And it believes that figure is set to rise during the current recession .
The OFT is highlighting the trend as part of Scam Awareness month which seeks to stop people being conned and parting with their cash .
' Easy opportunities '
Last year 209 people reported misleading home working schemes to the government 's consumer advice body Consumer Direct but the OFT says this figure is the tip of the iceberg .
I 'm trying to earn money legitimately and there 's someone out there taking my money
Elizabeth Cork
" Only 2 % of people who get taken in by these scams actually report them , " said Mike Haley , Director of Consumer Protection at the OFT .
" Our research shows that over 300,000 people each year are falling victim and it's on the increase because of the economic climate .
" People are looking for work , for easy opportunities to earn money and these scammers are exploiting that false hope . "
Elizabeth Cork from Norfolk was among those to be taken in by such a scam , after spotting an advert in a national newspaper to earn up to £ 300 a day at home filling envelopes .
It asked for a payment of £ 35 for a starter pack .
" It was n't too much money so I thought it would be a fairly safe thing to do , " Mrs Cork told the BBC .
Initially nothing arrived but after writing to them again , she received an information pack , but no envelopes .
Instead she got instructions to place leaflets - including her contact details - around her village .
She was told that when people got in touch , she would then receive £ 1.70 in return for passing their details to the company .
The golden rule is if it sounds too good , it probably is
Michele Shambrook
Consumer Direct
Mrs Cork contacted Trading Standards who told her to write again and demand a refund or the work she was expecting .
Almost two months on , she has heard nothing back .
" I feel really annoyed , " she said .
" It 's the fact I 'm trying to earn money legitimately and there 's someone out there taking my money . "
Fee - free
The traditional method of advertising such schemes is by pinning notices on lampposts and by direct mail .
However , they also appear alongside genuine job opportunities in newspapers , shop windows and online .
" The golden rule is if it sounds too good , it probably is " , says Michele Shambrook from Consumer Direct .
" A genuine job is highly unlikely to ask you to pay any money upfront or any registration fee . "
She added that commonly - seen schemes ranged from envelope stuffing to being asking to put together kits , which then got rejected for poor quality and for which you never received payment . "
Consumer Direct suggests anyone looking for home working opportunities should contact their local job centre .
Their advice to anyone who thinks they have been drawn into a home working scam is to contact them at www.consumerdirect.gov.uk or 08454 040 506 .
A report on this can be seen on the BBC News Channel on Saturday 7 February
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" UE " is the abbreviation for United Electrical , Radio and Machine Workers of America , a democratic national union representing some 35,000 workers in a wide variety of manufacturing , public sector and private service - sector jobs .
UE is an independent union ( not affiliated with the AFL - CIO ) proud of its democratic structure and progressive policies .
Many UE members still work in factories related to the union 's traditional jurisdictions — electrical manufacturing , metalworking and plastics .
UE members work as welders , tool and die makers , sheet metal workers , truck drivers , warehouse workers , and custodians .
We build locomotives , manufacture metal cabinets , produce industrial scales and make machine tools .
UE members are also rail crew drivers , co-op workers , teachers , clerical workers , graduate instructors , graduate researchers , scientists , librarians , and day care workers .
We maintain city and county roads , drive school buses , conduct research in university laboratories , treat waste water and engage in hundreds of other occupations .
On the following pages , you can learn more about UE ... who we are , our history , what we stand for ... and why UE members will tell anyone they 're proud to be part of the USA 's membership - run union .
What do we mean by " Rank - and - File " unionism ?
The term " rank - and - file " is defined as " those who form the major portion of any group or organization , excluding the leaders and officers . "
In UE , we use the term " rank - and - file unionism " to describe how our union operates : it simply means it 's the members who run our union ... in a democratic and collective manner .
The members set the policies of the union and make all of the decisions of importance that affect their own local unions .
Long - time UE officer and organizer Ernie DeMaio defined UE 's unique style of rank - and - file unionism this way : the members elect the union 's officers ( local , district and national ) who , in turn , are required to report on their stewardship of the union concerning its " policies , program , expenditures and contract negotiations which must have the prior consent of the members and their approval on all of the actions taken , and contracts negotiated , on their behalf .
The essence of rank - and - file unionism is not democratic rhetoric , but democratic practice .
The members run the union . "
In Boston ...
A 29 - year - old police officer has been put on paid administrative leave after he allegedly urinated on a fan at a Metallica concert in Boston .
The officer , named locally as Joseph Houston , has also been charged with trespassing over claims he tried to make his way back into the concert after being ejected .
The concert at the TD Banknorth Garden on January 18th formed part of Metallica 's US tour .
A Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Transit Police report says Houston , who appeared to be drunk , was initially asked to leave shortly before 10 pm .
He then tried to make his was back into the venue using his police badge and allegedly called a black MBTA officer “ Obama ” .
It was at this point that the officer allegedly urinated on a fellow - concertgoer before being removed by security guards .
According to The Cod Cape Times , Houston , who earned $ 50,000 in 2008 , is expected to return to work on February 5th where he fill face the trespassing charge .
The concertgoer who Houston allegedly urinated on could file charges at Boston Municipal Court , the newspaper said .
Metallica 's US tour continued last night ( January 26th ) in Chicago .
You can see photos from the event below , or click here for full highlights .
Metallica live in Chicago
Rajasthan translates to ‘ Land of the kings ’ and the beauty of this large state reflects the majestic , rich culture .
Home of many a fearless Rajput warrior , there is no dearth of adventure sports and activities in Rajasthan .
If a rush of adrenaline is what you seek , you have reached your dream destination .
Here ’s a glimpse at the adventurous offerings –
• Camel safari on the golden sands in the villages around Jodhpur , Jaisalmer , and Pushkar for a memorable ride of your life .
• Enjoy a wildlife safari in Rajasthan ’s enigmatic desert terrain and discover exotic species of birds , animals , flora and fauna .
• Hot air balloon rides to have an aerial view of the bewitching beauty of the city of Jaipur .
• Glide across the diverse landscape of Jaipur in Zip lines .
Hope you found this article informative !
Synopsis
The “ the bloody tap ” story :
... When a man who wants to sleep meets with a man who wants to repair a broken tap then a mad - funny story begins …!!!
OFCOM should relieve British radio of its costly obligation to support digital as well as analogue broadcasts , a leading analyst company advised this week .
If it does n't , the commercial radio sector will die .
Enders analyst Grant Goddard does n't pull his punches .
Broadcasters are obliged to make a digital commitment , he notes , but the albatross of DAB is seeing costs rise dramatically .
Radio " is facing financial death as the costs of DAB transmission contracts erode increasingly meagre operating profits in a business dominated by fixed costs , " he writes .
A national DAB station costs £ 1 m a year in transmission charges , and overall transmission costs are now 10 x what they were in the analogue - only era .
Radio revenues are declining by 10 per cent - but it's the yet - to - be - built second multiplex that has forced the issue to a head .
A group headed by Channel 4 was awarded the national licence last year , but is reportedly considering piggy - backing onto the existing multiplex to save costs .
The Department of Media , Culture and Sport whose investigation into the digital debacle is set to report by the year end , may shake OFCOM out of its complacency .
The analyst group slams OFCOM for failing to accept " the uncomfortable truth " that a digital switchover remains as far away as ever .
An analogue " switchback " might make more sense at this stage . ®
The two research councils that have turned down requests to fund stem - cell studies using human - animal " hybrid " embryos are to be questioned by MPs on both sides of the House of Commons to explain why they have refused to issue the grants .
As revealed by The Independent yesterday , the Medical Research Council ( MRC ) and the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) have declined to fund two separate teams of scientists who have been given licences by the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority to carry out the work .
Evan Harris , the Liberal Democrat spokesman on science , said that he had written to the research councils to make sure that the funding decisions were made on scientific grounds alone , rather than being influenced by the personal moral position of anyone sitting on the expert funding panels .
Dr Harris is also concerned about the impact the decision not to fund the work of Professor Stephen Minger of King 's College London and Lyle Armstrong of Newcastle University 's Centre for Life would have on the supply of human egg cells , now that work on using animal eggs to produce human embryonic stem cells has ground to a halt .
" Just because Parliament has authorised research , it does not mean it will be funded as it must pass the peer review quality tests first , " Dr Harris said .
" However , I am concerned that the impact of this research on the preservation of scarce human eggs for fertility treatment has not been considered . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Phil Willis , the chairman of the Commons Innovation , Universities and Skills Select Committee , said he was " staggered " that two world - class laboratories had been turned down for funding and sought assurances that moral concerns played no part in funding decisions .
" I 'm hugely disappointed , " he said , " given the efforts that we put into passing the legislation to enable research .
I 'm going to write to the chief executive of the MRC to ask what criteria have been used to turn applications down and ask what other embryonic stem cell research projects have been funded .
" King 's College and Newcastle are regarded as world - leading laboratories in terms of this science and I find it quite staggering that both have had their applications turned down .
" We do n't want government to be the arbiter of research funding .
Equally when there is significant public interest in something that took over two years to get through Parliament then there is a right to know what the grounds are for deciding . "
Colin Miles , head of systems biology at the BBSRC , said that selection of its funding panels ' members did not take into account a person 's religious beliefs or ethical persuasion , even when they had to judge the merits of such a controversial research proposal .
" Having an HFEA licence to conduct a certain type of research does not automatically entitle researchers to funding , " Dr Miles said .
" They must still compete for funding based on scientific excellence and strategic impact and the potential of the project to add significantly to the body of knowledge in that area . "
Sir Leszek Borysiewicz , chief executive of the MRC , said that there was no better way to decide what should be funded than to use the peer - review system , where a panel of experts assesses applications .
" This system ... rules out the possibility of a personal moral view influencing the final outcome of a proposal , " he said .
" Fighting for the right to carry out such research does not mean that it should get priority over other applications . "
Yes , we know – cigarettes are bad for you and not too many people dispute that fact .
They also supposedly increase everyone ’s health care premiums and medical costs , making them public enemy # 1 sometimes .
One way that states are trying to both raise money for insurance coverage and reduce the amount of people smoking is by raising the taxes owed on each pack of cigarettes .
According to The Tax Foundation , these per-pack taxes range anywhere from a low of $.07 in South Carolina to a high of $ 2.75 in New York State .
This is in addition to whatever the packs are being sold for at retail , which in New York makes a pack of cigarettes about $ 7 - $ 9 depending on where you get them .
That is a lot to pay for something whose only job is to give you cancer , and if you smoke a pack a day that would be $ 2,920 at $ 8 a pack over the course of a year .
That is a lot of money .
So here is my question – do you support making smokers pay higher taxes on every pack of cigarettes ?
Should they , because of the damage they are doing to themselves , have to pay more into the health care fund in every state through these taxes ?
This is a very big debate in most places right now , as some people say they should n’t because it is a personal choice , while others think that everyone who eats a Big Mac should also pay more in taxes on fast food because of the health issues that go along with it .
What about people who drink every night ?
Smoke cigars ?
Drive too fast ?
I am just curious as to what people think about these type of things and where we should be drawing the line .
I am not sure that taxing smokers makes up for all the other people who do terrible things to their health , and I almost think it is unfair to target only them for these funds .
What do you guys think ?
David Beckham tonight confirmed he hopes to stay at Milan on a permanent basis .
The England midfielder 's loan spell from Los Angeles Galaxy expires on March 9 and the Italian club were hoping to extend it .
But , after playing the first half of Milan 's 2 - 2 friendly draw against Rangers at Ibrox , Beckham revealed he hoped to make it a permanent transfer .
" At the moment my lawyers are not talking to the Galaxy but I have expressed my desire to stay at Milan now and it's just down to Milan and Galaxy to come to an agreement , " he said .
" I have enjoyed my time here .
I knew I would enjoy it but I did n't expect to enjoy it as much as I have and do as well as I have . "
So ... the innocuous looking HB 875 brings these two Monsanto - connected agencies together , and with immensely more power .
In recognizing the large international corporate moves being made to take over food , one can appreciate where this and the other bills fit in .
Hillary Clinton ran on a platform to create this centralized " food safety - actually - the - opposite " department ( just as Bill Clinton wanted an " organic " label that would absurdly include genetically engineered and irradiated food and sewage sludge as fertilizer ) .
Both promoted a great twisting of reality - dangers with a positive label slapped on top .
Her long - time advisor ( and perhaps his ) has been Mark Penn , head of Burson - Masteller , one of the largest and most reviled PR firms in the world which represents Monsanto , Blackwater , ExxonMobil ( they helped cover up the spill ) , Union Carbide after Bhopal ( minimizing the disaster there ) , the Argentinian junta , and more .
We all know what PR firms do .
They stage things , they time things just right for the introduction of something , they create atmosphere they want , they dress things up to look good for the camera which are in fact rotten or dangerous .
And they can make people and things which are good , look bad .
In short , they manipulate public opinion by manipulating the truth .
And when they work for one of the most evil corporations on earth , Monsanto , the degree to which they can pull that off is the degree to which we are all subjected to extreme dangers .
HB 875 is called a " food safety " bill and it looks " nice . "
But it includes coded words that make other very not nice things become suddenly operative , things that are not mentioned directly in the bill but are buried in multiple other places , as simple lists or as regulations which have never been debated by law makers or voted on by the public , but simply inserted into the agencies , frequently by industries which are supposed to be regulated by those very industries .
absolute government controls over such things as what the farmers must feed their animals ( one assumes it will be GMO feed from Monsanto Bt- corn and Bt - soy ) and when , what medical regimen they must follow ( one assumes it will be the drugs Big PHARM and Big PHARMA sell ) , what kind of spray ( one assumes it will be the pesticides Monsanto sells ) and when and where farmers must apply it .
The coded words around " tracing " trigger NAIS [ please watch this video by the Organic Consumers Association , which is not fooled ] and any words around " best farming practices " would unleash a slew ofgovernment controls over such things as what the farmers must feed their animals ( one assumes it will be GMO feed from Monsanto Bt- corn and Bt - soy ) and when , what medical regimen they must follow ( one assumes it will be the drugs Big PHARM and Big PHARMA sell ) , what kind of spray ( one assumes it will be the pesticides Monsanto sells ) and when and where farmers must apply it .
It is clear from those three items alone ( what the animals eat , what drugs they are subject to , what is done to the soil and plants ) that " best farming practices " ( and much , much more anti-farming practices are included under that ) would impose a complete industrialization of farming and would destroy any farm that was organic .
But it is worse even than that because we are looking at the actual industrial enslavement of our once free farmers by government , forced into a system in which they would become literally " captives " to purchasing mandated products from the very industry that has taken over our tax - payer - funded agencies and is imposing this farm - and - health - destructive regime .
They would be paying taxes to be destroyed by the centralized USDA / FDA " food safety " department while those farmers are the only ones producing safe food .
Monsanto influences both agencies .
It gets power .
It gets data banks to oversee all farmers and even to take DNA from their animals .
It gets mandated purchase of its products .
It gets to kill organic farming and food .
And as you will see below , it gets even more .
" Best farming practices " include not having animals and crops on the same farm .
Does it get more bureaucratically distant from farming or more insane than that ?
As massively tricky and corrupt as it seemed Bill Clinton 's proposal to label Monsanto 's genetically engineered crops and animals " organic , " this centralized " food safety " department proposed by Hillary Clinton leaves such single layered , too - transparent wrong - doing in the dust .
For now it is not a fake label blatantly proposed , but an entire fake ( as to providing " food safety " ) agency being called for and " in response to " deaths and with all the threats hidden in multiple places .
So while Bill Clinton 's proposal would have only hidden everything we eat under a lying label , trapping us into dangers through enforced ignorance , these bills hide the hand of and the greatly multiplied power of Monsanto , hide the death of all independent ( non-corporate ) and organic farming , and hide the literal take over the entire US food supply .
Hard to get more clever than that .
Given both Bill and Hillary Clinton 's long standing connections to Monsanto , and given how much Monsanto already influences both agencies to its own advantage , one assumes this proposal came at the behest of Monsanto .
The examples of both the USDA and FDA favoring industry to the literal destruction of safer small farmers or small businesses , are endless .
The USDA wiped out black farmers through massive discrimination against them , the FDA has attacked and eliminated natural health practitioners .
The USDA and FDA have worked to eliminate all non-corporate , less expensive , more healthy , green , and localto industrial food and industrial drugs under the aegis of food or drug safety , while passing and protecting and promoting dangerous corporate products such as rBGH and Vioxx .
I saw this truck while stopped at a light today while on my way to pick up Riley from school .
In case you can't read it , it is a portable toilet pumper truck with a big sticker that says :
" CAUTION : This vehicle is full of political promises " .
I loved it !!!
Two heavy hitters have departed Merrill Lynch ( or , as it is now called , Bank of America ) : David Rosenberg , the chief North American economist for Merrill , and Richard Bernstein , their chief investment strategist .
Rosie is returning home to Canada where he is joining Gluskin Sheff & Associates in Toronto ; Bernstein is starting his own money management company .
Here is the official announcement ( via Bloomberg ) from the President of BAC :
David has made the decision to leave the firm after nine years as an economist due to family issues of a personal nature .
He has relocated to his hometown of Toronto , Canada and intends to return to the financial services industry with a buy - side firm in Toronto .
Rich , after more than 20 years as a sell - side strategist , has made the decision to pursue new challenges , including potential opportunities on the buy - side , teaching and perhaps authoring another book .
It is of course , standard corporate speak .
Bank of America has had huge problems absorbing Merrill — the culture is very different , the businesses do n’t mesh well .
I suspect both analysts have been chafing under the new regime ; Rosenberg ’s star has clearly risen over the past 2 years , and its easy to see him being taken for granted by BofA .
Bernstein ( also a star ) very publicly trashed the banks yesterday , and while you can do that when you work for Merrill , I would imagine its frowned upon when the name over the door is Bank of America .
“ Exploring opportunities ” is corporate speak for shown the door ( I am curious if can confirm if RB was pushed ) .
>
Source :
Bernstein , Rosenberg Plan to Leave Bank of America
Bob Ivry and David Mildenberg
Bloomberg , March 242009
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=a_ujysijdX.E
By Kathleen Gilbert
NOTRE DAME , Indiana , March 24 , 2009 ( LifeSiteNews.com ) -
The bishop of the diocese where the University of Notre Dame is located , Bishop John D’Arcy , released a statement this afternoon strongly criticizing the university ’s decision to invite President Obama to offer this year ’s commencement address and receive an honorary law degree on May 17 .
The bishop said that he would boycott the event .
This past Friday afternoon it was announced that President Obama had accepted the invitation put forward by the university .
The announcement sparked a strong backlash from Catholics and Notre Dame alumni , who say that Obama ’s liberal policies on abortion , embryonic stem cell research and other social issues should preclude him from being honored at the prestigious Catholic university .
As of Tuesday afternoon , a petition launched by the Cardinal Newman Society protesting against the president ’s appearance had been signed by over 75,000 people .
Bishop D’Arcy wrote that his decision to boycott the event is " not an attack on anyone , but is in defense of the truth about human life . "
" President Obama has recently reaffirmed , and has now placed in public policy , his long - stated unwillingness to hold human life as sacred , " said the bishop , apparently referencing the president ’s recent decision to allow federal funding of embryonic stem cell research .
" While claiming to separate politics from science , he has in fact separated science from ethics and has brought the American government , for the first time in history , into supporting direct destruction of innocent human life . "
" Even as I continue to ponder in prayer these events , which many have found shocking , so must Notre Dame , " wrote the bishop .
" Indeed , as a Catholic University , Notre Dame must ask itself , if by this decision it has chosen prestige over truth . "
D’Arcy also explained that while he has " always revered the Office of the Presidency , " and means no disrespect to the president , " a bishop must teach the Catholic faith ‘ in season and out of season , ’ and he teaches not only by his words — but by his actions . "
Reflecting on a U.S. bishops ’ statement that stipulates that Catholic institutions should not honor pro-abortion politicians , Bishop D’Arcy wrote : " Indeed , the measure of any Catholic institution is not only what it stands for , but also what it will not stand for . "
The bishop said that he was not informed about the invitation until shortly before the White House announcement confirming Obama ’s acceptance Friday afternoon .
The bishop ended by invoking " Our Lady to intercede for the university named in her honor , that it may recommit itself to the primacy of truth over prestige . "
University president Fr. John Jenkins stated over the weekend that despite the protest he would not reconsider the invitation .
To view the bishop ’s full statement , go to : http://www.diocesefwsb.org/COMMUNICATIONS/statements.htm
To contact Notre Dame :
Phone : ( 574 ) 631-5000
email form : http://president.nd.edu/contact-us
Notre Dame Fellows :
The Fellows are the " successors and associates in office " of the original founders of the University
Rev. E. William Beauchamp , C.S.C. , President , U. of Portland
( 503 ) 943-7101
Patrick F. McCartan , Senior partner , Jones Day
( 216 ) 586-7272
Email : [ email protected ]
William M. Goodyear , CEO , Navigant Consulting
main : ( 312 ) 583-5700
list of all Notre Dame Fellows : http://www.nd.edu/leadership/fellows/
To contact the Notre Dame Alumni Association Board Members
https://secure.alumni.nd.edu/site/c.luIZLdMOJpE/b.2660531/k.84BB/Board_Members.htm
To contact the USCCB :
Cardinal Francis George , President
Archdiocese of Chicago
phone : 312-751- 8200
email : [ email protected ]
Most Rev. Robert J. McManus , Chairman , Committee on Education
Diocese of Worcester
phone : 508-791-7171
committee email : [ email protected ]
To contact Notre Dame ’s bishop :
Bishop John D’Arcy , Fort Wayne - South Bend Diocese
Fort Wayne Chancery
phone : ( 260 ) 422-4611
See related LifeSiteNews.com coverage :
Notre Dame Faces Groundswell of Outrage after Announcing Plan to Honor Obama
http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2009/mar/09032312.html
Notre Dame President : School " Honored " by Obama ’s Acceptance to Speak and Receive Honorary Degree
http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2009/mar/09032306.html
Catholic Notre Dame University to Give Obama Honorary Degree on May 17 , Against USCCB Policy
http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2009/mar/09032005.html
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
February 3 , 2009
It turns out the bankers are not finished looting the American tax payer .
As the American News Project video posted below reveals , the Federal Reserve has doled out around $ 2 trillion to unknown suspects behind our backs , described as a “ staggering , enormous , unprecedented sum of money . ”
Of course , we have a pretty good idea who the recipients are , never mind all the secrecy — the international bankers , the same people who took more than $ 8.5 trillion under threat last year from your children and grand - children .
Alan Grayson , Democratic Congressman in Florida ’s 8th congressional district .
If not for freshman Congressman Alan Grayson of Florida , you might not be any wiser about this latest scam .
In the video , Grayson grills Fed vice - boss Donald Kohn over the “ lending ” of an addition $ 2 trillion to unspecified “ institutions , ” a highly unusual situation because our congress critters rarely — with the notable exception of Rep. Ron Paul — take on bankster operatives at the Fed or the Treasury .
“ I guess I have n’t got the memo on questions not to ask and people not to question closely , ” Grayson told the American News Project .
In fact , Congress has no oversight of the private banker held Federal Reserve .
Donald Kohn admits during testimony why the Fed keeps its transactions secret .
“ I ’d be very concerned , Congressman , that if we published the individual names of who was borrowing from us , no one would borrow from us .
The purpose of our borrowing is not to support individual institutions but the credit markets . ”
In other words , the international bankers making oodles of ill - gained profit from the Fed ’s out - of - thin - air funny money do n’t want the people to know who they are .
Criminals dread the light of day .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Kohn understands well enough the real purpose of this “ lending ” to the credit markets — to further indebt the nation to the bankers .
The international banking cartel are the underwriters of the U.S. public debt .
“ The bailout is conducive to the consolidation and centralization of banking power , which in turn backlashes on real economic activity , leading to a string of bankruptcies and mass unemployment , ” writes economist Michel Chossudovsky .
“ The ‘ bailout ’ proposed by the US Treasury does not constitute a ‘ solution ’ to the crisis .
In fact quite the opposite : it is the cause of further collapse .
It triggers an unprecedented concentration of wealth , which in turn contributes to widening economic and social inequalities both within and between nations . ”
It also turns us into debt slaves .
In this regard , it is worth repeating Thomas Jefferson ’s warning , written in a letter to the Secretary of the Treasury Albert Gallatin in 1802 :
“ I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies .
If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency , first by inflation , then by deflation , the banks and corporations that will grow up around [ the banks ] will deprive the people of all property until their children wake - up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered .
The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people , to whom it properly belongs . ”
Watch the video :
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
After Jersey City cop Martin Abreu was charged with vehicular manslaughter and driving while intoxicated , after allegedly striking two pedestrians — killing one and injuring the other — his mother defended him .
The Daily News reports that a woman who identified herself as Abreu 's mother said , " It was her fault , " referring to 26 - year - old Marilyn Feng , who died while crossing West Street at Albany in Battery Park City .
The woman added , " So my son went out and had a couple of drinks .
He deserves to have a good time now and then . "
Feng and boyfriend Dennis Loffredo ( both pictured at left ) were walking to Feng 's apartment at 3:40 a.m. , after a night of tango dancing .
The News reports , " Cops pointedly refused to say whether the couple had the light or not . "
Feng , who had recently graduated NYU Law school , was about to start a job at the Chinatown Manhpower Project helping immigrants find jobs , according to the Post .
Feng once interned in Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer 's office ; Stringer said she " had a great future . "
Jersey City chief of police Tom Comey said , " The charges surrounding this incident are most serious and this type of activity will not be tolerated by the JCPD , which led to Mr. Abreu 's immediate suspension .
While Mr. Abreu was in no way representing our department when this incident occurred , our primary thoughts are with the injured and the woman who perished .
Our thoughts and prayers are with their families . "
Abreu has been suspended without pay .
JOHANNESBURG  Organizers of a peace conference that was to have been attended by five Nobel Peace Prize winners in Johannesburg said Tuesday that they had canceled the conference after the South African government denied entry to the Dalai Lama , Tibet ’s spiritual leader and one of the Nobel laureates .
Two of South Africa ’s Nobel winners , Desmond Tutu , the retired Anglican archbishop , and former President F. W. de Klerk , condemned the government for giving in to pressure from China to block the Dalai Lama ’s entry and said they would refuse to participate in the conference this Friday if he was not there .
The executive director of the Norwegian Nobel Committee , Geir Lundestad , also said he would stay away .
Image Desmond Tutu , who refused to attend the conference .
Credit ... Michael Nagle / Getty Images
The government said Monday that the Dalai Lama would not be allowed to come to South Africa to attend the conference , meant to promote the 2010 World Cup , because his presence would have distracted attention from South Africa and drawn it instead to the contentious debate over the status of Tibet .
After a week of turmoil , Steven Gerrard is this evening back doing what he does best .
And that 's wearing the hangdog expression of a man suffering a thundering existential breakdown while running around a football pitch , as opposed to wearing the hangdog expression of a man suffering a thundering existential breakdown while slumped in the passenger seat of a 4x4 after spending a night in the jug .
Preston North End : Lonergan , Jones , Mawene , St. Ledger , Davidson , Sedgwick , Chaplow , McKenna , Wallace , Parkin , Mellor .
Subs : Chris Neal , Brown , Nicholson , Carter , Whaley , Nolan , Elliott .
Liverpool : Cavalieri , Carragher , Hyypia , Agger , Insua , Alonso , Mascherano , Babel , Gerrard , Riera , Keane .
Subs : Reina , Torres , Aurelio , Leiva Lucas , Ngog , El Zhar , Skrtel .
Referee : Martin Atkinson ( W Yorkshire )
Kick off : 5.25 pm
The joys of watching football on ITV .
These clueless goons have just spent the best part of 20 minutes talking about Steven Gerrard .
Finally they get around to putting up a caption displaying the line - up of the home side .
At least I think they did : it was quite hard to tell , as the caption was flashed up on screen for about 0.0000000732 seconds , before they cut to a film of Preston and former Liverpool striker Neil Mellor wandering around outside Anfield .
Maybe it was n't the Preston team at all .
Maybe it was a subSMOKE FAGSliminDRINK BEERal mesSATAN SAYS GO ON KILL YOURSELFsage .
The teams are out and about .
The atmosphere at Deepdale is fantastic .
At least it sounds fantastic on TV .
I 'm not there .
I 'm making this up .
And we 're off !
Liverpool set the ball rolling , and lose the ball within two seconds .
Preston hare up the left wing , Wallace sending a looping ball into the box which finds Parkin only just offside .
A decent start from the home side .
2 min : Sean St Ledger , one of the stars of that Sky One programme about Peterborough a couple of years ago , Barry And Big Ron Make Some Poor Bugger 's Life Hell Until He Resigns
In A Fit Of Pique , nearly concedes a corner under pressure from Mascherano .
But does n't .
This is all a bit harum scarum at the moment .
5 min : Agger upends McKenna as the Preston midfielder races down the middle of the park after a long ball .
There was plenty of cover , so the Liverpool centre - half does n't even get booked for his cheeky trip .
But Preston have a free kick in a dangerous central position , and Wallace forces Cavalieri to scramble the ball round his left - hand post with a dipping effort .
8 min : Preston have n't really created much yet , but they 're enjoying much more of the ball .
Liverpool proving themselves totally unable to keep control of the ball at the moment .
Meanwhile Paul Muir is watching this game on Al Jazeera in Dubai , and would like you to know all about it .
" You 'll be pleased to know the furrows on Stevie 's forehead are still as prominent over 3,500 miles away , " he reports .
Yes , but you 're not 3,500 miles away from your television set , though , are you ?
You do understand how this hi-def digital technology works , yes ?
10 min : A bit better from Liverpool , as Carragher hares down the right and sends in a cross which only just clears the head of Keane , then seconds later Babel scampers down the same flank , only to shank a terrible cross miles into the stand behind the goal .
A very little bit better .
12 min :
An utterly fantastic run by Riera , who skins Jones down the left to reach the byline , before fizzing a wonderful cross along the deck to Keane in the centre .
I 'm not going to tell you what Keane managed to do while eight yards out with only the keeper to beat .
You 'll have to guess , though I 'll wager you wo n't be too far wrong .
13 min : Gerrard has a welt at goal from 25 yards out .
Lonergan has it covered , though it stings his hands alright and he needs two attempts to claim .
Liverpool are slowly beginning to find their rhythm .
15 min : This is all Liverpool now .
Insua , Riera and Gerrard ping it around in triangles down the left , Gerrard eventually being upended as he threatens to burst towards the box .
Alonso 's free kick is cleared easily enough by St Ledger , but this is beginning to look ominous for Preston .
18 min : Riera faffs around down the Liverpool left , allowing Sedgwick to steal away with the ball .
His deep cross is , however , easily mopped up by Hyypia - who a couple of minutes ago , incidentally , danced halfway down the right wing like Tom Finney .
His confidence does not appear to be low .
20 min : Chaplow has a dig from 20 yards or so but it 's easily snaffled by Cavalieri .
Seconds later , in the centre circle , Keane attempts to trap the ball with his arse .
It 's a ploy that occasionally worked for Kenny Dalglish , but not for this number 7 , who ends up sliding around the turf on his face .
23 min :
It 's all pointless hoofing at the moment .
Mellor has a whack from wide on the left - it 's easily saved - then up the other end Gerrard slices one into the area to little effect .
" How in the hell did Riera go from absolute anonymous nonentity at City a couple years ago to a star on the left for Liverpool ? " asks Jeremy Milloy .
" Wait , do n't answer that . "
24 min : WHAT A GOAL !
Preston 0 - 1 Liverpool .
Well , hats off to Jeremy Milloy for his timely email .
Further riffing on Manchester City 's pain - who of course crashed out at home to Nottingham Forest today - occurs as their former player Riera cuts inside from the right , reaches the byline , runs back up the pitch a bit , turns to face goal , then wallops a simply preposterous shot into the top - left corner .
That 's one hell of a strike .
Riera is beginning to make a habit of this .
28 min : Preston are now almost totally incapable of keeping the ball .
Babel and Alonso combine well down the right , the former sending a cross into the box towards Keane , who tries a clever dummy that ain't so clever .
31 min : The Liverpool goal has fair done for the atmosphere in Deepdale .
Though there is quite a loud cheer when Babel , sashaying in from the right , takes a fresh - air swipe at a ball dropping into the Preston box .
34 min : Chaplow is booked for trundling up and down Alonso 's right shin .
Tom Finney is pictured in the stands looking totally radged off with this whole business .
36 min : Agger - who is a very accomplished footballing centre - back indeed - swans straight up the middle of the pitch , dummies past Jones , and wallops a shot goalwards .
It 's deflected for a corner , from which Alonso is set up on the edge of the area ; his effort is appalling .
38 min : Keane drops a shoulder and finds himself one on one with Lonergan .
He dinks a chip right into the keeper 's face .
He then tries to keep the chance alive by slipping the ball to Riera , but only succeeds in falling over and sliding around the ground on the top of his head .
43 min :
This is n't a contest .
44 min : With Keane chasing after a long ball , Lonergan comes to the edge of his area to punch clear .
Alonso attempts to return it into the net from 35 yards , but slices the effort badly .
45 min : £ 20.3 m Robbie Keane cost .
Gerrard swings a peach of a cross into the area over the head of St Ledger .
It falls at the feet of Keane , six yards out .
Keane sidefoots the ball back across goal , miles wide of the left - hand post .
He has the cheek to smiile about this .
45 min and a bit : £ 20.3 m ! £ 20.3 m ! £ 20.3 m ! £ 20.3 m ! £ 20.3 m !
Again Keane finds himself free six yards out .
This time he nearly falls over the ball , just about managing to dig it out from under his feet and passing the buck to Riera , who under pressure can't get a decent shot in on goal .
On purely fiscal terms , Keane is just under three times the player Andrea Dossena is .
Which is about right .
This is a pitiful display from Keane .
HALF TIME : Preston 0 - 1 Liverpool . £ 20.3 m , though .
And we 're off again !
Xabi Alonso , who may or may not have been affected by Chaplow jigging up and down his right leg in mid air , is replaced by Lucas .
Preston get things underway for the second half , and enjoy 48 seconds of possession , almost double the amount they managed in the first period .
47 min : Riera is upended down the right .
Gerrard swings the free kick in towards Keane , who fresh airs it from six yards .
This is just getting stupid now .
St Ledger heads clear for a corner , from which Agger heads wide from eight yards .
This really should be over already .
49 min : Mellor and Parkin hold the ball up well between them in the centre circle , the former then pinging it out wide right to Jones .
Insua holds Jones up with ease , but that was a bit better from the home side , who are n't showing much urgency , it has to be said .
51 min : Parkin bustles well down the middle , evading Mascherano .
His through ball towards
St Ledger nearly finds his man , but it 's a wee bit too strong and Cavalieri comes out to claim .
Much better from Preston .
55 min : Liverpool pass it around a lot , a long sequence of passes coming to an end when a one - two between Keane and Gerrard fails to come off on the edge of the Preston box , Mawene stepping in to put a stop to their gallop .
57 min : Eddie Nolan replaces Davidson for Preston .
Keane skates down the left , finding himself in acres .
His chip into the centre is staggeringly aimless .
Watching Keane flail around is now becoming quite painful .
58 min : Mascherano wallops an effort goalwards from 25 yards out ; it only just sails over the bar .
Liverpool are beginning to assert themselves again .
59 min : Brilliance from Mascherano , who robs McKenna in the centre of Preston 's half with a crunching tackle , then feeds Gerrard in the centre .
Sadly for Liverpool the resulting shot - a far - too - fancy chip towards the top - left corner , is easily claimed by Lonergan .
60 min : Babel , who has been very quiet indeed , sidefoots a lovely pass inside from the right to Gerrard .
The Liverpool captain 's first - time shot is arrowing into the top - right corner but is brilliantly fingertipped away by Lonergan .
This is surely just a matter of time before Liverpool score a second .
62 min : Mellor is replaced by Stephen Elliott .
Meanwhile here 's the case for Robbie Keane , made by Gary Naylor , so none of us have to : " Robbie Keane has done little to convince me that his transfer fee is n't absurd ... except that I would never have thought that Liverpool could play so many games without Torres and still be fully competitive in so many competitions .
What he 's actually doing right , I 'm not sure , but it must be something .
And Tottenham 's form since he left suggests he was doing something right there too . "
64 min : Preston have what initially looks like a perfectly good goal disallowed !
Chaplow swings a delicious cross into the Liverpool area from the left .
St Ledger rises and beats Hyypia to the ball , crashing a header into the top - right corner .
It 's a great finish ... but it wo n't count because , as all this was going on , Parkin was in the six - yard box rugby - tackling Carragher to the floor .
Totally the correct decision , though try telling that to the denizens of a livid Deepdale .
67 min :
That 's woken Preston up , though : all of a sudden the home side are in the ascendancy .
Liverpool can't get hold of the ball at all ; meanwhile Preston are flinging long balls into the heart of the away defence , and Liverpool do n't look happy about it at all .
70 min : Chaplow has a belt from just outside the area .
It just about stays inside the ground .
To add to Liverpool 's worries , Alonso walks down the touchline with a cast on his right foot .
72 min : Insua is penalised for kicking Wallace on the thigh , just to the right of the Liverpool area .
The free kick is sent fizzing in by Wallace ... fizzing into the stand behind .
That is desperately poor .
Speaking of which , Keane is put out of his misery , replaced by the returning Fernando Torres .
74 min : A strange one , this : Wallace skins Carragher down the Preston left , but once he reaches the byline chooses to dive instead of crossing into the danger area .
The referee buys it , but justice is done as Cavalieri swallows the free kick with minimum fuss .
76 min : Torres turns
Mawene wonderfully well and scoots off at pace down the centre of the pitch .
Reaching the area , he shanks a terrible shot wildly right to much hilarity - but that was a decent run .
78 min : Gerrard takes down a long ball on the edge of the Preston box , turns , and attempts a looping shot into the top - left corner .
It was heading there , but St Ledger blocks superbly to snuff out the danger .
Wonderful defending .
Liverpool are desperate for their second goal , which shows they 're worried about a reinvigorated Preston .
This is a decent cup tie now .
81 min : Chaplow , who has been relentless during this second half , is replaced by Barry Nicholson .
83 min : Fabio Aurelio replaces Mascherano .
85 min : Preston are flinging a couple of long balls into the mix but it's not a tactic that 's working well : Liverpool appear to have drawn their sting .
86 min : Gerrard has a swipe from just outside the box , but it 's easily claimed by Lonergan .
88 min : Babel gives away a needless free kick just inside his own half .
Wallace lifts the ball into the box but Cavalieri leaps to claim without fuss .
89 min : Nicholson sends a poor free kick into the Liverpool box , allowing the visitors to break upfield .
They 're four on two , with Torres , Babel , Riera and Gerrard streaming upfield , but the passing is ponderous and Babel is eventually caught offside .
90 min : Liverpool have made a real meal of this .
There will be three minutes of afters .
90 min +2 : A slightly panicked Liverpool are now simply hoofing the ball upfield or into the stands , whichever seems easier at the time .
Preston are not creating anything at all , having said all that .
90 min +3 : Wow , Preston nearly carved out one last chance there , Nicholson picking up the ball on the edge of the area , shifting to the left , and only being denied a shot on goal by Carragher 's last - ditch toe .
Great defending .
90 min +3 : GOAL !!!
Preston 0 - 2 Liverpool .
Preston , having committed everyone forward , can only watch in horror as Gerrard streaks away from the halfway line with the ball , runs right up to Lonergan , then rolls a pass left to Torres , who flicks into an empty net from two yards .
AND THAT , LADIES AND GENTLEMEN , IS THAT .
Preston North End 0 - 2 Liverpool .
That ended up as a bit of a struggle for Liverpool , who should have been miles ahead before Preston finally got their act together midway through the second half .
Had they not won that , they would be justified in throwing a bagged - up Robbie Keane out the back window of their coach as it speeds homewards up the A6 later this evening .
But they did , so happily that particularly ugly scenario need not take place .
This was just too cool not to post about .
The Hotelicopter – This Hotel / helicopter has 16 suites and 2 hotel cabins .
Check out the onboard features !
Best part is they also have Twitter – very cool .
The Hotelicopter – The World ’s First Flying Hotel ! from Alvin Farley on Vimeo .
Cabin features :
Queen - sized bed with pillow - top mattresses , 600 thread - count imported sheets , feather pillows , turndown service , fresh - cut flowers , chocolates , monogrammed robes , plush carpeting , original artwork in cabin , whirlpool bath , warming toilet seats , designer soaps , modern décor , clip - on reading lights , in - bed temperature and dimming controls , oak accents , customized minibar / refreshment center based on your preferences , coffee machine , non-smoking , and unlike the A380 , there are no restrictions on how much sex you can have in your cabin .
In - cabin technology :
Internet access , cell phone reception , flat screen TVs with extended channel selection ( let us know and we ’ll pre-arrange parental control ) , DVD players , and Wii
Room service & dining options :
Complimentary champagne upon arrival , room service offering breakfast , lunch , dinner , and specialty items ( including coffee and gelato ) .
Hotelicopter amenities :
“ On - call flight attendants ” attend to your every need , business center , concierge , fitness center , whirlpool , sauna , steam room , spa/salon offering massages and tanning , common space area with live music at select destinations , blackjack table , art gallery , wine tasting , yoga studio and hydro - garden , tea garden , Japanese garden with koi pond .
Destination services :
Concierge , babysitting & Kids ’ Kamp , array of newspapers and local magazines provided in - cabin prior to landing in each destination , Welcome kit for each location , complimentary kids ’ activity kits for use during driving in destination cities , customized souvenir from each location , commemorative gifts for inaugural riders .
For Kids & Kids at Heart :
Babysitting & Kids ’ Kamp , playground , arcade , ping pong table , Make Your Own Pizza parlor , and Destination outings such as Hotelicopter Trapeze School !
FOR decades ,
Texas lawyers have used the “ Hobby Rule ” to win the immediate release of clients arrested on DWI charges .
American taxpayers now deserve similar protection under my proposed “ Rangel Rule . ”
First , the background : Longtime Texas Lt. - Gov
Bill Hobby was locked up one night for driving under the influence , but immediately released when his attorney came down to point out the high status of the fellow .
When news of this special treatment slipped out , the court tried to defend itself by saying it was standard procedure to release a suspect into the custody of an attorney – though everyone knew any regular DWI inmate would have been held for bond or trial .
Ever since , Texas lawyers have been showing up to spring their inebriated clients by exercising this previously unknown “ Hobby Rule . ”
It ’s standard legal procedure to this day .
American taxpayers could win the same get - out - of - jail - free pass , thanks to the ongoing legal saga of my friend and colleague , Rep. Charlie Rangel ( D - Harlem ) , and new Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
Chairman Rangel admitted on the floor of the House that he had for years failed to pay tax on rental income from his resort property in the Caribbean .
He apologized for this “ oversight ” and agreed to pay his back taxes – but has paid no interest or penalties .
Secretary Geithner admitted in his Senate confirmation hearings he had for years failed to pay taxes on his income from the International Monetary Fund , even though the IMF sent him checks and instructions to pay those taxes .
He also called this an “ oversight , ” has paid no penalties and faces no charges .
As a former practicing attorney and a Texas state judge for two decades , I can tell you :
If that was you or me , we ’d be socked with penalties and interest many times the amount of the original tax .
In a case like Geithner ’s , I suspect we ’d likely face criminal charges as well .
But Rep. Rangel is the powerful Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , which oversees the IRS .
And Geithner is secretary of the treasury – the boss of the IRS .
Just like Bill Hobby , these two high - status fellows have received a little different treatment than the common taxpayer .
We either need to hold Chairman Rangel and Secretary Geithner fully accountable under the law – or we need a national “ Hobby Rule ” for taxpayers .
Last week , I introduced the Rangel Rule Act of 2009 ( HR 735 ) .
Under this bill , any US citizen who owes back taxes can pay them and automatically waive all interest and penalties by writing “ Rangel Rule ” on their return .
I believe this would restore equal treatment for working Americans – and serve as an economic stimulus by restoring millions in pending IRS penalties and interests to the free - market economy .
We all need to stay sober and pay our taxes .
But if we fall short , we ought to be treated the same .
In Texas , that means using the Hobby Rule after one too many .
Across America , it should mean using “ The Rangel Rule ” after failing to pay the IRS .
Rep. John Carter ( R - Texas ) is secretary of the House Republican Conference .
MEXICO CITY --
As drug violence spirals out of control in Mexico , a commission led by three former Latin American heads of state blasted the U.S. - led drug war as a failure that is pushing Latin American societies to the breaking point .
" The available evidence indicates that the war on drugs is a failed war , " said former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso , in a conference call with reporters from Rio de Janeiro .
" We have to move from this approach to another one . "
The commission , headed by Mr. Cardoso and former presidents Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico and César Gaviria of Colombia , says Latin American governments as well as the U.S. must break what they say is a policy " taboo " and re-examine U.S. - inspired antidrugs efforts .
The panel recommends that governments consider measures including decriminalizing the use of marijuana .
The report , by the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , is the latest to question the U.S. 's emphasis on punitive measures to deal with illegal drug use and the criminal violence that accompanies it .
A recent Brookings Institution study concluded that despite interdiction and eradication efforts , the world 's governments have n't been able to significantly decrease the supply of drugs , while punitive methods have n't succeeded in lowering drug use .
John Walters , former director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , said , " It 's not true that we 've lost or can't do anything about the drug problem , " and cited security improvements in Colombia .
Skip to comments .
Republican Response to The One- - Jindal - LIVE THREAD
Posted on by Jean S
click here to read article
To : Jean S
Thank you Jean !
by 2 posted onby tiredoflaundry ( Obama 's administration is his merry band of " men in tights " . )
To : Jean S
Come on Bobby !
by 3 posted onby Entrepreneur ( The environmental movement is filled with watermelons - green on the outside , red on the inside )
To : Jean S
I can’t wait to hear Jindal , and wish he were POTUS !
by 4 posted onby Sun ( Pray that God sends us good leaders .
Please say a prayer now . )
To : Jean S
This is great , thanks for posting a thread .
Ca n’t wait to hear the GUV !
by 5 posted onby Fudd Fan ( Robert Gibbs makes Scott McClellan look like Tony Snow . )
To : Entrepreneur
Geaux Bobby .
To : Jean S
Is the Kenyan in Chief done with his sermon yet ?
To : Jean S
BTTT
To : Fudd Fan
My head is still spinning with all the lies !
by 9 posted onby tiredoflaundry ( Obama 's administration is his merry band of " men in tights " . )
To : Jean S
I just want the Obama love fest over .
I want to watch this and stumble ( I ’ve had a few beers ) upstairs to bed .
I get up at 6 am with my oldest son to get him up and ready for school .
by 10 posted onby Severa ( I can't take this stress anymore ... quick , get me a marker to sniff .... )
To : Entrepreneur
After 30 days , BHO is turning into the worst president in history , bar none .
He makes me remember Slick Willie with fondness .
by 11 posted onby Entrepreneur ( The environmental movement is filled with watermelons - green on the outside , red on the inside )
To : digger48
I see I was not alone in refusing to watch him . :)
by 12 posted onby PhiKapMom ( BOOMER SOONER !
Mary Fallin for OK Governor in 2010 ! LetsGetThisRight.com )
To : digger48
He ’s done , now he ’s blessing the crowd before he turns their water into whine .
by 13 posted onby Fudd Fan ( Robert Gibbs makes Scott McClellan look like Tony Snow . )
To : Jean S
OK , answered my question .
The DUmmies , as tolerant and sophisticated as they are , think that Obama can beat Jindal in 2012 because ( get this ) : “ Obama is a stunning speciman at 6 ’ 2 ” while Jindal is like 5 ’ 7 ” and probably has the handshake of a high school nerd ” Quoted from memory earlier today , but this is the depth of intellectual rigor that you can expect from the DUmmies .
To : Severa
alcohol is required to watch Dear Leader
by 15 posted onby Entrepreneur ( The environmental movement is filled with watermelons - green on the outside , red on the inside )
To : tiredoflaundry
I only followed the live thread , there ’s no way I could stand to listen and / or watch the liar - in - chief .
by 16 posted onby Fudd Fan ( Robert Gibbs makes Scott McClellan look like Tony Snow . )
To : Jean S
We are nearly out of prime time , let ’s go .
by 17 posted onby WildcatClan ( Iam fimus mos ledo ventus apparatus )
To : PhiKapMom
Ready for some truth telling on Fat Tuesday .
To : Fudd Fan
Hey Jindal , is it 2012 yet ?
To : Entrepreneur
I ’m 32 years old .
My dad and I talk politics a lot and I asked him a while back who he thought was the worst President .
Without missing a beat he said Carter .
Starting to think he ’d change his answer after these last 5 weeks ...
by 20 posted onby Severa ( I can't take this stress anymore ... quick , get me a marker to sniff .... )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
For nearly one billion people , clean drinking water is still a mirage
If you want a graphic demonstration of the health impacts of poor drinking water , look no further than Zimbabwe .
Three thousand people dead , at least 60,000 ill - all from a disease that is almost completely preventable .
In general , with very few exceptions , people simply do not get cholera when the water supply works .
It is almost unknown in the west for that single , simple reason .
As the World Health Organization ( WHO ) puts it : " Measures for the prevention of cholera have not changed much in recent decades , and mostly consist of providing clean water and proper sanitation . "
The provision of safe water and sanitation remains the critical factor in reducing the impact of cholera outbreaks
WHO In Zimbabwe , political and economic circumstances have created a situation where the availability of clean water and proper sanitation is no longer routine .
People are now feeling the impacts of that lack of investment - investment that research shows is well worthwhile .
" Research shows that if you invest $ 1 in clean water and sanitation , the return is between $ 5 and $ 28 , " says Yves Chartier of WHO 's water , sanitation , hygiene and health unit .
The cholera bacterium is far from being the only infectious microbe lurking in dirty water .
Typhoid , cryptosporidium , giardia the list continues .
" About 10 % of the total global burden of disease is down to poor water , sanitation and hygiene , " says Dr Chartier .
It was this kind of statistic that led governments to sign up in the year 2000 to the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) - a set of targets on issues such as maternal health , education and poverty .
The water target is straightforward - to halve the proportion of the world 's population without access to clean water and proper sanitation by 2015 .
THE WATER TARGET
Halve , by 2015 , the proportion of people without sustainable access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation
Millennium Development Goal 7.C
In the years immediately following the signing of the MDGs , water and sanitation were seen as " poor cousins " , attracting less aid money and interest than some of the other issues .
But on water , at least , that has changed .
" The world as a whole is now on target to meet the water MDG , but a number of countries and regions are still off track , " says Andrew Hudson of the UN Development Programme 's ( UNDP ) water governance programme .
" Most of the countries that have made impressive progress were poor countries , and that to me is a tremendous message because it shows it 's less about the money and much more about the political will . "
Protect and survive Statistics are compiled on the basis of " reasonable " access to " improved " supplies of drinking water .
This means that within a kilometre or so there should be a source such as a standpipe , a borehole , a protected well or spring - or , of course , it can come straight into your house .
The " protection " element is aimed at making sure that unwanted things including the cholera bacterium do not get into the water source - especially preventing people and animals from defecating in the vicinity .
There 's still a stigma of talking about sanitation
Andrew Hudson , UNDP
Millennium goals :
Down the pan ?
That is sometimes easier said than done , especially in city slums , where the sheer lack of space often means latrines have to sit next to supply streams - or even , in extreme cases , that the outflow from the latrines becomes the supply stream .
UNDP data shows that in many countries , as the urban population increases , the proportion of that urban population with access to safe water declines ; infrastructure investment does not keep up with a growing urban population .
And whereas investment in water has put the world on target for the water element of MDG 7 , sanitation is a different matter .
" There 's still a stigma of talking about sanitation , " comments Dr Hudson .
" But countries such as India , that have mounted massive community - led campaigns on things like elimination of open defecation , have made really big strides . "
Underground movement
In eastern India , however , and in neighbouring Bangladesh , another way that poor water causes poor health has come into dramatic relief in recent years .
In the 1980s , tales of illness in Bangladeshi villages began circulating - an illness that was eventually traced to arsenic in the water they were drinking .
With surface water sources likely to harbour disease - causing microbes , aid agencies had initiated a programme of digging wells to provide safer drinking water - not realising that the water would bring with it enough arsenic to constitute a chronic poison .
The problem has now been detected in other countries , and according to one recent estimate , about 140 million people are at risk from drinking water containing the toxic metal , which causes cancers and lung disease .
Industries such as tanning can leave their trace in water Compared with water - borne microbes , water - borne pollution has received little attention , according to the Blacksmith Institute , a charity whose aim is to clean up pollution hotspots in developing countries .
Cleaning up the India / Bangladesh arsenic problem is probably beyond anyone 's capacity right now - although agencies are looking at it - but industrial pollution is a different matter .
In the slums of many developing world cities , you find water of hues that water does not naturally assume - blues , yellows , purples and greens that speak of industrial outflows not very far upstream .
" So we 've been running pilot projects in India trying to clean up hexavalent chromium , which is produced by the country 's huge tanning industry , " says Blacksmith 's executive director Meredith Block .
( Hexavalent chromium , the pollutant involved in the Erin Brockovich case in the US that was immortalised on celluloid by Julia Roberts , is a known carcinogen . )
" And by injecting a chemical ( an " electron donor " into the groundwater we could turn it to the [ non - toxic ] trivalent form ; analysis suggests it 's working , with no side - effects . "
One of these pilot projects , in Kanpur , was on a site that Ms Block says is typical of many developing world cities - an industrial estate , home to perhaps 50 or more small factories , working with or producing a mix of hazardous substances such as heavy metals and pesticides .
The health impact of water pollution globally is unknown .
A 2007 study from Cornell University estimated that 40 % of deaths worldwide were associated with some kind of pollution - though how much of this is water - borne is another question .
WATER TRENDS
How availability , use and needs are changing across the world
In graphics
But , says Ms Block , it is proving hard to interest agencies in polluted water .
" The environmental causes are n't related to climate change or global warming , " she says .
" And it seems that people in the US could n't care less if you can't relate an issue to global warming . "
Diseases such as cholera , by contrast , do have a climate link .
The cholera bacterium ( Vibrio cholerae ) appears to survive better in warmer waters , leading to fears that it could emerge in regions such as the southern coasts of the US as sea temperatures increase .
But for the mass of humanity , climate is likely to be a minor determinant of the water quality they get , and the disease burden that implies .
To quote the WHO on cholera : " Since 2005 , the re-emergence of cholera has been noted in parallel with the ever - increasing size of vulnerable populations living in unsanitary conditions .
" The provision of safe water and sanitation remains the critical factor in reducing the impact of cholera outbreaks " - as it does for many other diseases of water .
It sounds easy - but for the 100 or so countries off target with MDG 7 , most spectacularly Zimbabwe , it is proving anything but .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Link of the day - Blind Spots : Why Smart People Do Dumb Things
For a Virginia doctor , squirrels are a man 's best friend , too .
Thomas Shepler , a hand surgeon , shot a hawk to death in his backyard when he said the bird was eyeing a young squirrel that he and his wife had helped raise .
Shepler , 65 , said the hawk had previously killed an adult squirrel near his suburban Washington home in Vienna .
When the doctor tried to chase away the bird over the weekend by yelling and throwing a crowbar at it , the hawk did n't leave the area .
So Shepler got a shotgun and killed it .
A police officer heard the shot Saturday and Shepler was arrested .
He was charged with discharging a firearm in public and cruelty to animals .
Shepler says he cares about animals and is feeling a lot of anxiety and embarrassment over the shooting .
[ Via - KiroTV ]
Now , That 's A Shitty Mistake
TV Is Essential .
The Judge Said So .
DollarFlyers Are Stealing The Spotlight From Traditional Business Cards
World Monument of Love World
Woman 's best friend : Plumber finds ring in toilet
Here is a small selection ........
This was taken with a relatively low shutter speed to give some movement , flash was blipped in to freeze other parts .
IMAGE IS A REDIRECT OR MISSING !
HTTP response : 404 | MIME changed to ' text / html ' |
Byte size : ZERO
IMAGE IS A REDIRECT OR MISSING !
HTTP response : 404 | MIME changed to ' text / html ' |
Byte size : ZERO
IMAGE IS A REDIRECT OR MISSING !
HTTP response : 404 | MIME changed to ' text / html ' |
Byte size : ZERO
_______________I know this has been posted before , but I feel it is worthwhile for this archive .
Night time shot of this fox , again taken using flash .
_______________This character kept popping his head out of his pen to see what I was up to .._______________
The project aims to get at files held on older storage media Long lost file formats could soon be resurrected by pan-European research .
The 4.02 m euro ( £ 3.58 m ) project aims to create a universal emulator that can open and play obsolete file formats .
Using the emulator , researchers hope to ensure that digital materials such as games , websites and multimedia documents are not lost for good .
The emulator will also be regularly updated to ensure that formats that fall out of favour remain supported in the near and far future .
Called Keeping Emulation Environments Portable ( Keep ) , the project aims to create software that can recognise , play and open all types of computer file from the 1970s onwards .
As well as basic text documents it will also let people load up and play old computer games that technology has left behind .
" People do n't think twice about saving files digitally - from snapshots taken on a camera phone to national or regional archives , " said Dr Janet Delve , a computer historian from the University of Portsmouth and one of the research partners on Keep .
" But every digital file risks being either lost by degrading or by the technology used to ' read ' it disappearing altogether , " she said .
Without work to preserve ways to access the formats that are common today , 21st century citizens risk leaving a " blank spot " in history , said Dr Delve .
Already the number of unreadable documents in archives is beginning to mount up .
Britain 's National Archive estimates that it holds enough information to fill about 580,000 encyclopaedias in formats that are no longer widely available .
Research by the British Library estimates that the delay caused by accessing and preserving old digital files costs European businesses about £ 2.7bn a year .
" We are facing a massive threat of the loss of digital information .
It 's a very real and worrying problem , " said Dr David Anderson , who will work with Dr Delve on the UK end of the project .
" Things that were created in the 1970s , 80s and 90s are vanishing fast and every year new technologies mean we face greater risk of losing material , " he said .
Dr Anderson said emulation was more workable in the long term than the usual method of preserving old files which involves migrating information on to new formats with its attendant risks of data degradation and corruption .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Once you have a satisfactory generator setup , then you want to connect the generator to the charge circuit , insert the battery , and use your multimeter to test the output voltage at the USB port .
If you do n't see 5V then there is a problem .
Fix it before plugging your pricey gadget into the USB port .
Below you can see my assembled breath powered USB generator in all its glory , top and bottom .
You can see the rubber band used for return , along with the linear gear carriage , the strap and the paper clip I used to connect the linear gear to the strap .
The key here is to have all motion transferred to the linear gear so you want the strap and connection method to be stiff with no give .
The strength of the rubber band or spring return is up to you .
My half - assed experiments indicate that you can pretty much handle a 1N force without feeling too labored in your breathing .
Ideally you want as small a rubber band as will return the linear gear to the starting position when you exhale .
If you get enough generating capacity either through high gear ratio , extra motors , or a bigger motor , then you will need a bigger spring return .
Essentially you are storing mechanical energy during your inhalation that is used to turn the generator on the exhalation so that you can generate on both push and pull .
You need the diode bridge to successfully take advantage .
So I strapped on this monstrosity and hooked it up to my trusty data acquisition box from DataQ .
Attached is the voltage plot output of the generator before step - up conversion to the 5V USB .
Basically the battery runs the step up converter and the breath generator charges the battery .
In the plot you can see the leveling effect of the battery , with the voltage spikes when I was breathing .
Actually I was approaching hyperventilation , but in the name of science .
The results can be seen in the photo of the phone charging .
One thing to mention is that I had to modify a USB cable to get the RAZR to charge as detailed on this website .
I do n't have any solid numbers on the power I was generating , I have n't come up with a good way to measure that yet .
Typical resting metabolism is on the order of 50 - 75 W of which a substantial portion is due to breathing effort ( I have seen north of 50 % ) .
So if we assume 25 W continuous energy used for breathing , it seems reasonable that we could increase that 4 % to harvest 1W for charging a cell phone .
Based on my cell phone , and these assumptions it would take about 3 hours to charge the 3.7V 800 mAh battery .
Assuming 100 % efficiency .
Sadly , based on the few measurements I was able to make , the breathing generator I built is putting out more like 50 mW .
Way to breathe no breath .
It would charge the phone , but the NiMH battery would be doing most of the work until it was drained .
Then you would have to breath for a day or so to recharge the NiMH battery .
You were planning on doing it anyway right ?
So there is room for improvement .
One area I am looking into is using carbon nanotubes and polyurethane to make an electroactive polymer generator .
This is the type of technology that is being used to make boot - strike generators for the military .
Future improvements could get this device into the 1W range .
Specifically , using a better DC motor ( higher voltage per rev ) and custom building the drivetrain to be more comfortable and better coupling to breathing motion .
I have been working on these types of devices in my kitchen / workshop for a while and would like to make this all public so others can get on board .
Feel free to contact me with questions or for discussion .
As the bard said , " and the domestication of the dog continued unabated . "
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News , The Woodlands , Texas
The probe had surpassed its expected lifetime by more than two months Pools of salty water might be able to exist just below the surface of Mars , planetary scientists believe .
Researchers previously thought water existed largely as ice or as vapour on Mars , because of the low temperatures and atmospheric pressure .
But Nasa 's Phoenix lander has shown the presence in Martian soil of perchlorate salts , which can keep water liquid at temperatures of minus 70C .
Pockets of brine might form when soil interacted with ice .
Researchers have been discussing the idea at the 40th Lunar and Planetary Science Conference ( LPSC ) , here in The Woodlands , Texas .
They were presenting some of the first scientific results from Phoenix , which touched down on Mars 's northern plains on 25 May 2008 .
" I do think those pools might exist .
But there 's still more to know about the properties of these perchlorate solutions , such as what their vapour pressure is , " Dr Mike Hecht , from Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , California , explained .
Soil dampness
Phoenix used thrusters to slow its descent to the surface .
And these blew away topsoil , exposing water - ice just centimetres beneath .
Dr Hecht said : " Here are all these perchlorate salts right under them , by a few centimetres , is a slab of [ water ice ] .
It does n't take much of a stretch of the imagination to say that those two materials will interact .
One of Phoenix 's great achievements was to " touch " the water - ice " And once you get dampness , the perchlorate is very soluble and it will become mobile . "
On Earth , perchlorates - salts derived from perchloric acid - are used in solid rocket fuel , fireworks and airbags .
Scientists are just starting to understand the important roles they may play on Mars .
Dr Hecht said that forming pockets of liquid on Mars would require just the right concentrations of perchlorate salts .
He commented : " In this case we have very little perchlorate and vast slabs of ice , so I can imagine we have an excess of water .
This means you would form a pool of low temperature brine if the two ever interacted . "
Other researchers cautioned that the concentrations of these salts found at the Phoenix landing site remained a small component of the overall soil chemistry , and that more had to be done to test the idea .
Nevertheless , Dr Hecht said the discovery of these compounds made the Red Planet seem more Earth - like in several respects .
Big tilt Perchlorates might be controlling the amount of water vapour in the midday atmosphere , according to separate evidence presented by Dr Troy Hudson of JPL .
And their presence might also explain why neither Phoenix nor the 1970s Viking landers found any firm evidence for " organics " - molecular compounds which contain carbon ( though excluding carbonates for historic reasons ) .
These molecules are a crucial component in the search for possible biology on the Red Planet .
" The perchlorates , as you heat them in the oven ( onboard Phoenix ) , release their oxygen and combust the organics , " Peter Smith , the mission 's chief scientist , told the conference .
" It 's ironic : the two compete as you heat them .
We did see CO2 release , but we 're not sure whether that was from organics or not . "
Professor Smith said several lines of evidence pointed to the past action of liquid water on the northern plains .
These included the presence of aqueous minerals , cloddy , cemented soil and the discovery that some of the ice was " segregated " , as if it had melted .
" It 's probable that in a warmer , wetter climate , as when the obliquity ( the extent to which Mars is tilted on its axis ) changes , this could be a place where liquid water is found .
That does n't mean it 's a lake .
It just means that the soil is wet , " Professor Smith , from the University of Arizona , explained .
Dr Nilton Renno thinks he has seen evidence of salty liquid - water droplets
The discovery of calcium carbonate in the soil is also suggestive of the past action of liquid water .
The substance is found in rocks all over Earth and is the main component in limescale .
Peter Smith said it occurred at levels of 3 - 5 % at the Phoenix landing site , probably forming as carbon dioxide from the Martian atmosphere dissolved into liquid water , forming a weak acid which leached calcium out of the soil .
But Dr Nilton Renno , from the University of Michigan , US , presented evidence that droplets of liquid water could actually be seen in photographs of a strut of the spacecraft 's landing leg .
" The ( spheroids ) move , drip and merge , " Dr Renno explained .
But Mike Hecht and Dr Tom Pike , from Imperial College London , UK , believe the droplets are more likely to be frost .
" The photographs are clipped from the corners of relatively low resolution images , so the number of pixels across those droplets is very small .
Trying to ascribe shapes to them , to say they are spheres - which are characteristic of liquid - is going beyond the quality of the images , " said Mike Hecht .
Secondly , he thought the thermodynamics of the Martian environment were not consistent with the relatively large changes in the sizes of droplets seen in the images .
Eventual demise Dr Renno told the conference that ice particles were usually not just spheroidal , and did not move in the way the droplets did .
Mike Hecht said frost was able to move more readily in the Martian environment than it did on Earth because of the thin air .
However , the JPL scientist emphasised his agreement with Dr Renno on most areas concerning the properties of perchlorates at the Phoenix landing site .
Launched from Earth in August 2007 , Phoenix landed further north than any previous mission to the Martian surface .
It conducted science operations for more than five months before succumbing to the cold and dark of the Martian winter .
The robot dug , scooped , baked , sniffed and tasted the Martian soil to test whether it has ever been capable of supporting life .
It became the first mission to Mars to sample the water - ice it found just centimetres below the topsoil .
Chunks of ice were seen to vaporise before the lander 's cameras .
Phoenix landed further north than previous missions
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As is my custom of a Saturday morning , I was just settling into a bell hooks essay [ 1 ] , an aerosol waffle by my side , admiring from the corner of my eye the noble drooling countenance of my golden retriever Bert , when suddenly —
But wait a second .
bell hooks has reminded me that I was , before my computer meltdown crisis threw me into a tailspin - cum - funk the size of Guam , about to declare war on this whole pro-sex / anti - sex / 3rd wave / 2nd wave / mix - n - match feminism - fight theme that keeps me awake at night .
To wit :
In 1994 hooks published an anti-funfeminism essay wherein she explains that , within a feminist framework , being “ pro-sex ” is not the same as being pro-dudeliocentric pornulational prong - a- rama pole - dancin dick - suckin degrade - me - baby submission [ 2 ] .
Being pro-sex , she says , means “ mov[ing ] away from sexually dead encounters with patriarchal men who eroticize exploitative power and domination scenarios that in no way embrace female sexual agency . ”
She envisions a sexuality that is both “ liberatory and fun . ”
But uh - oh .
The feminist movement has failed to provide women with a blueprint for a sexuality that is liberatory and fun , i.e. , not rooted in power politics .
This is not surprising to the spinster aunt , since the only available blueprint for any human behavior is the one authored by a culture of domination outside of which it is prohibitively difficult , if not impossible , to exist .
hooks perceives that this lack - of - blueprint situation has engendered a fatal hitch in feminism ’s gitalong , which hitch has pretty much invited the invention of funfeminism .
She views the situation as a bi-componential publicity problem .
One : humorless , prudey , anti-sex , “ ruthlessly dogmatic ” white chick feminists have drowned out the radical “ pro-sex collective . ”
Because humorless , prudey , anti-sex , ruthlessly dogmatic white chicks are so easily derided by Dude Nation , hooks says , they ’re the only ones who get any press , so feminism as a whole gets a bad rap .
“ It is no wonder , ” she writes , “ that the public voices of puritanical , reformist feminism turn most folks off . ”
Two : the pro-sex collective has not produced sufficient quantities of “ counter - hegemonic evidence to disprove the popular sexist stereotype that women in [ the ] feminist movement are antisex and antimen . ”
This evidence would take the form of art , literature , and film , and would document the new women ’s sexuality , currently defined only as “ new , exciting , liberatory , and fun . ”
Presumably the world would then see what a feminist really looks like : a chick who digs sex ( not dude - sex ) .
Thus has feminism more or less unraveled into this pro vs. anti dealio .
Meanwhile , into the gaping void left by prude - silenced pro-sexers has shimmied , with stripper pole and Brazilian wax complete , the phallocentric antithesis of feminism : funfeminism .
hooks refers to it by its 1994 moniker “ new feminism , ” describing it as a mass - media “ marketing ploy to advance the opportunistic concerns of individual women while simultaneously acting as an agent of antifeminist backlash by undermining feminism ’s radical / revolutionary gains . ”
She identifies funfeminism as a commodity sold to a public made queasy by the thought of a sexual dynamic that does n’t fetishize oppression .
It is “ being brought to us as a product that works effectively to set women against one another , to engage us in competition wars over which brand of feminism is more effective . ”
I ’ve said it before and I ’ll say it again : funfeminism is n’t a movement , it ’s a consumer lifestyle , and it ’s male - identified to boot .
It appropriates the tired old patriarchal model , announces “ I choose to be degraded , so shut your pie-hole ! ” and is rewarded with approbative dudely analyses praising its practitioners for having the sense to be antifeminist feminists .
That it ’s still raunchin’ strong 15 years after hooks lambasted it pretty much proves her point , that feminism got behind the 8 - ball with this sex thing and just could n’t recover .
Take note : hooks is not maintaining that feminism screwed up because it was n’t sexay enough .
She ’s saying that , owing to race and class issues within the movement , it could n’t cohere sufficiently to deliver an alternative to sexay that acknowledges that women can be sexual and human at the same time .
[ What hooks does n’t mention in her essay — perhaps because they were , in the pre-Palin days of yore , still under the radar — is funfeminism ’s sister group , also rushing in to fill the gap left by unresolved contradictions within the feminist movement : the right - wing Bible - thumpin ’ anti-abortion pearl - clutchers .
What a masochistic bunch of misogynists they are !
Those who do n’t openly revile feminism in the public square often describe their women - hatin ’ ways as feminist .
Keepers of the status quo reward this gang for playing virgin to the funfeminist ’s whore .
But I digress . ]
Well , enough already .
Here ’s my point at long fucking last : Pro-sexitude , as envisioned by hooks , is a radical feminist consummation devoutly to be wished .
I am not entirely convinced that global acclimation to such a radically new ( and to some , totally unpalatable ) dynamic can be accomplished through art , but there can be no doubt that the concept of women as human beings — the nexus of any feminist view of sexuality — could really use some positive mainstream publicity .
However , in the event that art should fail as a feminist growth medium , I suggest revolution .
A post - patriarchal society would , by definition , include Women ’s Sexuality 2.0 .
Anti-men is dumb .
Anti-sex is dumber .
But having sex with men , when doing so eroticizes your own oppression , is the dumbest thing ever .
Women to whom feminism is important enough will make it a priority to run screaming from such dehumanizing encounters .
And if they are bell hooksian enough , they will document themselves with a camcorder and put it up on YouTube ( or whatever corner of the internet permits radical feminist video ) .
I was going to propose some suggestions for a new , exciting , liberatory , and fun sexuality , but I could n’t think of anything except this :
Do it with girls !
I know .
Not helpful .
But what about this :
If your Nigel ’s flaws include an antifeminist worldview — and I include under that heading the disturbing habit of flapping the covers around after farting in bed — dump him .
Like I said .
Envisioning new , exciting , liberatory , fun sex is tough .
When gazing beyond the suffocating perimeter of this oppressive patriarchy set - up — which set - up inflicts derision , violence , and loneliness on those who resist it — enlightenment and liberation are but mirages shimmering on a desert horizon .
Anyway , the really important thing I was gonna say before I got off on this goofy bell hooks tangent was : holy shit !
There ’s a brown recluse spider in my sink !
It ’s got six eyes !
__________________________
1. hooks , bell .
“ Power to the Pussy : We Do n’t Wannabe Dicks in Drag . ” Outlaw Culture : Resisting Representation .
New York : Routledge , 1994 .
9 -23 .
2. Ibid . “ Talking Sex . ” 73-81 .
Space tourists might enjoy this tailored approach to the classic flight jumpsuit , one of the winners of a Tokyo - based design contest co-sponsored by Rocketplane Global .
The suit was modelled in February during New York ’s Couture Fashion Week ( Image : CoutureFashionWeek.com )
At $ 95,000 or more a ticket , tourist flights to the edge of space will be a special occasion for even the most privileged of passengers .
“ You ’re going to want to wear something special for that once - in - a - lifetime event , ” says Chuck Lauer of Rocketplane Global , an aerospace firm that plans to offer suborbital tourist flights and helped to organise a recent space - themed fashion show at Couture Fashion Week in New York City .
Click here to view a gallery of out - of - this - world outfits .
MIT Clean Energy Prize for University Students : $ 200,000
February 6th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Do n’t think you can rise up to the X PRIZE ultracapacitor challenge ?
Maybe you should go for MIT ’s Clean Energy Prize instead .
The competition , which is intended for university students , will award $ 200,000 to “ jumpstart a business venture on an emerging clean energy innovation with significant market potential . ”
Smaller cash prizes will also be awarded for innovations in biomass , renewable energy sources , energy efficiency , clean hydrocarbons and transportation .
Updates on the progress of this year ’s teams will be available in the MIT Clean Energy Prize newsletter and on the competition website .
Act quickly if you want to get involved — the deadline for submission is February 26 .
Photo Credit : NREL
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Things got extra sweet for the opening of Confection at Our House West of Wynwood .
Organized by Pres Rodriguez , the charity bake sale art exhibition raised money for the Daily Bread Food Bank and featured performances by Waterford Landing , Remote Controllers and Dino Felipe .
Things got extra sweet for the opening of Confection at Our House West of Wynwood .
Organized by Pres Rodriguez , the charity bake sale art exhibition raised money for the Daily Bread Food Bank and featured performances by Waterford Landing , Remote Controllers and Dino Felipe .
Things got extra sweet for the opening of Confection at Our House West of Wynwood .
Organized by Pres Rodriguez , the charity bake sale art exhibition raised money for the Daily Bread Food Bank and featured performances by Waterford Landing , Remote Controllers and Dino Felipe .
Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all - access pass to everything local on events , music , restaurants , news and more .
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage , and to enhance and customize content and advertisements .
By clicking ' X ' or continuing to use the site , you agree to allow cookies to be placed .
To find out more , visit our cookies policy and our privacy policy .
The app store for Google 's G1 phone on the Android platform is selling an app by Bendroid called " Straight ? " in the Android Marketplace , Jason Dabrowski reports
It 's a program in which the user touches a finger to the phone 's touchscreen , which then broadcasts one of two messages , either " You are the man " or " Sorry , Sweety , you are . "
by | |
File size of daily orbital parameters distributed from the NASA space - track website .
This is proportional to the number of satellites tracked each day , or at least listed as tracked each day .
I ’ve been trying to recall all the space - derived information the US government provides to the world for free .
The reason I ’ve been thinking about this is because of the recent drop in satellite tracks the US provides through NASA ’s space - track web page that was first point out on this blog .
While I ’m still waiting to find out what caused this , it certainly appears to be a bookkeeping “ error ” that should be fixed soon .
First , of course , is the catalog of all objects in space big enough track , which most analysts place as bigger than 10 cm in diameter .
( It ’s not all of them , of course .
The US classifies some of its military satellites ; something many of us have alternatively laughed at or complained about depending on our mood . )
I understand that everybody from private companies to other countries use these files to move their satellites to avoid collisions .
( To that extend , even a bookkeeping problem , while not effecting the US military , has seriously affected space situational awareness . )
What is the economic value of that service , I wonder ?
Then there is GPS .
That is starting to filter into every single pocket in the US with a proliferation of smartphones containing a GPS chip .
I keep on seeing all the wonderful things that will do for the consumer from knowing where your friends are to what ’s on sale as you walk by the store .
Perhaps it will even be used to speed up air travel in the US by allowing planes travel directly to their destinations as opposed to sticking to the “ roads ” that are easier to control with radar .
That , I think , I will personally find valuable but I cannot easily assign an economic value to that .
Europe is trying to break into this market with its Galileo constellation but they seem to want to charge people a license fee for each circuit produced .
( Perhaps they have dropped this ? )
I ’ve never understood the business model behind Galileo ; it ’s very hard to compete with free .
Then there are the ubiquitous satellite weather photos .
Do people pay for those ?
What about LANDSAT images ?
Do people pay for those ?
Communications satellites have been privatized because there is an easy way to charge for them .
But the other contributions from space to the economy have already been very great and new ways are continuing to be found for exploiting them .
When the Obama administration thinks about building up the infrastructure , perhaps they should really consider the near - Earth space infrastructure too ?
If readers think of other services the US provides for free from its space assets or even new space services that might be created , I invite you to list them .
AIG lost $ 465,421 a minute last quarter .
Justin
Fox explains why the company is in such bad shape :
Essentially , AIG got into the business of insuring much of the world 's financial system against the consequences of a global financial meltdown .
It turned out to be incapable of delivering on that insuranceno private company could deliver on it , which is one reason why AIG 's business of selling credit default swaps was a scam .
And so government has stepped in as the ultimate insurer .
Yglesias fumes :
The whole idea of the insurance industry is that if I buy insurance from you , you pay off the claims .
Absent ability to pay claims , there ’s no business there at all .
It ’s just fraud .
Whether or not it meets the legal standard for fraud , I could n’t say .
But in ordinary language sense , it ’s a fraudyou ’re selling a service you have no capacity to deliver .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Director , Youth Outreach for Priests for Life
Founder of Rock for Life , Stand True and the Pro-life Day of Silent Solidarity
MOST RECENT POSTS A Comparison of the Current Republican and Democratic Platforms ( issued 2020 ) The thought of Planned Parenthood advocate Sen. Kamala Harris being one step from the Oval Office is terrifying .
Stand True founder , Bryan Kemper , organizes Protesters and Police in Troy , Ohio , to gather around a phone to pray with MLK ’s niece
Leonhardt says taxes will go up , probably in the next ten years .
And when taxes have to go up because the most fiscally reckless president since FDR is followed by the worst depression since FDR , we should name the bill that raises them after George W. Bush .
They will be his tax increases .
And he deserves the honor of being immortalized by them .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Oh , this is very cool : two astronomers think they may have found meteorites from the fireball that roared over Texas last week .
They found two small pieces matching a description of meteorites ( they had a blackened surface , called a fusion crust ) in a town called West , between Waco and Dallas , which looks to be right along the fireball 's path .
If this pans out it will be very exiting !
With all the eyewitnesses and the video , a good orbit for this object may be backtracked .
And now , if this pans out , we 'll have samples that can be examined chemically to determine the fireball 's composition !
It 's the next best thing to going to an asteroid itself , so this is could turn out to be a major boon for astronomers who study asteroids and meteorites both .
And not only that , this thing that came in was probably a meter or so across , which means larger chunks might be out there , just waiting to be found .
I hope some folks in that area go looking !
Tip o' the ten gallon Whipple Shield to BABloggee Lowell Vaughn .
Contax T2 , 38 mm Sonnar F2.8 @ Los Angeles , CA
（これは昨日の呟き編の続きです。ごはんを楽しく食べていたら書くのを忘れてしまってました、、、。昨日のを読まれていない人は、まずそちらをご覧ください。）
wackyhopeさん、いつもコメントありがとうございます。
ふーん、へぇーーーでした。学位を取ろうとする人の集団は、いくら何でも民間企業に働くことを最終目的にした人が主ではないと思うので、あのような検討をしたのですが、まあ要はアカデミアは無理でもやっぱり仕事に就けないということが問題ということで、supply（社会への供給量）とdemand（社会の需要）の問題ということは変わらない訳ですね。
（、、、昨日書いた通り、明らかにアカデミア側のキャパがたりない状況下で、「もし」ですが、自分のトンガリ、売りもないのに、非現実的にアカデミアの道のみを考える人ばかりが大量にいてあぶれていて、それをブツブツ言っているのであれば、それは人としてのimmaturity、空想癖の問題なので、それは人間そのものを大人にしないとどうしようもありません。「自滅」としか言いようがない。）
僕は 、Ph.D.、あるいは日本の博士号取得者を労働社会が吸収できるかどうかは、国というより、その社会の、その分野における基礎研究の強さに著しく依存しているので、一般論で議論すること自体にあまり価値はないと思います。たまたまその分野で強ければ沢山吸収できる。
例えば、アメリカの基礎研究の半分ぐらいを占めるlife science（生物系の科学）の場合、民間での最大の吸収先は、当然、アメリカを代表する産業の一つである医薬系ということになります。
ではその規模は、というと次のようなものです。（Wikipediaによる）
2007年度医薬品メーカー売上高ランキング（トップ２０）
圧倒的に欧米系、特に米国資本が多く、日本勢はホント悲しいぐらいに小さいことが分かります。このトップ２０での事業規模（売上高の総和）は次のようなものです。
アメリカ 196,670 （日本 の10.1倍）
ヨーロッ パ 204,155 （日本 の10.5 倍）
日本 19,437
（アメリカとヨーロッパが大体20兆円、日本は2兆円）
おおむねR＆Dの規模感というのは事業規模に連動しますので*1、ライフサイエンス系Ph.D.の民間吸収余力の指標としては、かなり適切なものでしょう。アメリカは少なくともこのような分野では、我が国（日本）とは圧倒的に吸収余力が違うのです。
また、ヨーロッパ系の開発拠点は世界に散っているとは言うものの、実際には大半がアメリカを本国並み、あるいはメインの開発拠点にしています*2。ですからこの数字以上に、アメリカは吸収余力が大きいと見てまず間違いありません。
ヘルスケアの世界では90年代初頭からはげしい企業合併が繰り返されてきましたが、その最大のドライブは、販路の拡大でも、生産コストの低減でもなく、十分なR＆D力の確保でした。一つの大型新薬の開発に800-1000億、しかも上市まで10年ほどもかかるという非常に統計学的なビジネスであり、開発力にある程度の規模がない限り、事業が安定しない。だから、合併の度に事業規模だけでなく、ということで、R＆Dのランキングも発表され議論されてきたのは業界の人であれば（日本のメディアは良く分かりませんが）ご案内の通りです。
同じようにアメリカの基幹的な産業である、IT・ハイテク系、航空系においてはアメリカは世界のどの国の追随も許さないレベルの民間R＆D規模があります。が、一方、電気的なエンジニアリング、クルマの新型エンジンの開発などに関しては、日本の方が吸収余力は大きいでしょう。ただ、残念なことに、このような分野ではPh.D.はほとんど要求されません。
つまり日本の場合、もっとも吸収余力を持つ分野に集中して、しかし吸収力を勘案しつつ、Ph.D.の育成（生産）を行うべきだが、実際には、そのような分野は少なく、増産は危険である、ということが言えると思います。
-
ということで、やはり国の吸収余力がない分野に対して、日本は不必要に学位取得者を生み出しているということは、ほぼ明らかではないかと思います。根にあるのは雇用の柔軟性というよりむしろ、産業構造の問題であり、国としての産業分野の強さの問題なのです。
それに見合った数しか生み出してはいけないのに、それを越えて生み出せば、あふれるに決まっており、昨日のエントリの話と総合すれば、構造的に二重にまちがった増産が行われていることが分かります。
1．大学の吸収力そのものが低い（具体的に検討していませんが、国立研究所、理化学研究所などもほぼ同じでしょう、、、トップ大学に並ぶポジションですから、大学以上に大きい理由がない）
2．産業的な強さを全く反映せずに生み出されている
大量に学位取得者が生み出されたのだから、産業を強くしろ（そして大量に受け入れろ）というのは、ほとんど言っても詮無いことです。武田だって、別に好んでこの規模なのではないのです。全力を尽くしているのですから。上の二つはどちらも明らかに、産業側ではなく、アカデミア、政府の側、そして単純な算数もせずに行ってしまった*3学生の側の問題です。
無理した増産をすれば起こることは、メーカーの経営と同じで、在庫が積み上がる、そして積み上がれば普通は価値が落ちる。在庫処分をすれば、叩き売り、すなわちインフレになります。アメリカの10分の１のバケツに、同じ量の水を流し込めば、どうなるかは言うまでもありません。
もう一つ厄介なことは、欧米とは異なり、同じ日本の大学院が非常に似たスペックで若干安い人を大量に生み出していることです。すなわち、日本ではterminal degreeとして修士を生み出すプログラムが存在し、それが一般化しているために（註：エンジニアリングはともかく、サイエンスの修士課程は少なくともアメリカではほとんど存在しない。最近のエントリ『専門教育に関して悩まれている人へ贈る言葉』を参照）、大学院卒を採るということはマスターを採ることとほとんど同義語化しており、わざわざ歳をとって学位を取得した人を採る意義をあまり感じないということがあるでしょう。つまり身内に敵 ( competitor ) がいる。これも上と同じく企業側ではなく、大学、政府側の問題です。本来博士課程を増強するなら、修士課程をつぶすべきでした。*4
という需給バランスを無視した供給が起こっていることが、現状の最も本質的な理由*5であり、とにかく増産、そして上のダブり生産をやめることが即効性の高い打ち手になるでしょう。そして適正な量を分野ごとに見直す。増産部分で余剰状況になっている社会の在庫（かわいそうなポスドクたち、、、100年前の政府にだまされて行ったブラジル移民のようなものです）については、社会のサンクコスト*6にならないように、何らかの社会的な打ち手が必要だと思います。
しかし、こんなに経済の基本のようなことが分からない人が教育行政に携わり、それを大学もあまり考えずにやり、学生もほとんど盲目的に進学しているという総思考停止状態を止めないことには、このようなことは繰り返されるのではないかと思います。
学生の人たちへ、、、自分の人生は自分しか守ってくれません。文句を言っている暇があれば、どうやってこのリスクを回避できるか考えましょう!
ではでは 。
参考エントリ ：
-
このエントリに限らず、写真にもスターなど頂けたりするととてもうれしいです。また、よろしければ下のリンクをクリックして頂けると幸いです。
The package also gives $ 200,000 to every school for maintenance , spends $ 890 million on regional roads and black spots , will build 20,000 new homes , boosts rebates for solar hot water and gives tax breaks to small business .
The Treasurer , Wayne Swan , claimed 90,000 jobs would be created by the package over the next two years , but , despite this , the unemployment rate was predicted to jump to 7 per cent by next year .
The budget will be $ 22.5 billion in deficit for this financial year - a $ 44 billion turnaround from the $ 21.7 billion surplus predicted in Mr Swan 's first budget last May .
Despite the Prime Minister , Kevin Rudd , saying it would be a " temporary deficit " , today 's mini - budget reveals the nation 's finances will be in the red for at least the next four years with the accumulated deficit of $ 118 billion ( almost identical to the $ 115 billion that has been wiped from expected tax collections from companies , individuals and the GST ) .
This compares to $ 79 billion worth of surpluses predicted for the same period just nine months ago - a $ 197 billion slump .
Mr Swan said the decline had been caused by the severity and speed of the global recession .
The Government brushed off predictions by the International Monetary Fund and other experts that Australia would record negative growth and slide into recession , and continues to predict positive , albeit flat , growth .
The cash splash in the mini- budget is predicted to add 0.5 per cent to GDP in 2008 - 09 and 0.75 to 1 per cent in 2009 - 10 .
With the boost , economic growth is expected to be 1 per cent in 2008 - 09 and 0.75 per cent in 2009 - 10 .
The Government did not bring forward the personal income tax cuts scheduled for July 1 , as called for by the Opposition .
Mr Swan said there were five planks to today 's mini-budget .
Every one of the nation 's 9540 schools will get up to $ 200,000 for maintenance and minor building works as part of a $ 14.7 billion scheme .
The scheme will also provide money for 500 schools to build new science labs and language learning centres in needy high schools while primary and special schools may get new or refurbished libraries and multipurpose halls .
About $ 6.6 billion will be spent on building 20,000 new " social housing dwellings " and 802 new homes for Defence personnel .
There will also be urgent maintenance to upgrade 2500 vacant houses so they can be used for social housing .
Mr Rudd said this project would provide a " massive and immediate " boost for the housing and construction industry .
A new scheme to make homes more energy efficient will cost $ 3.9 billion with the Government promising to install free ceiling insulation in 2.7 million homes .
The Government claims this will cut household energy bills by $ 200 a year and the overall project will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 by the equivalent to taking 1 million cars off the road .
The Government also increased the solar hot - water rebate from $ 1000 to $ 1600 , effective from today until June 30 , 2012 .
The scheme is not means tested .
It also doubled the low emissions plan for renters ' rebate to $ 1000 .
About $ 890 million will be spent on fixing road accident black spots and regional roads and projects .
Mr Rudd said $ 90 million would be spent giving 350 accident black spots a safety upgrade and the Government would spend $ 150 million installing 200 new boom gates at high - risk rail crossings .
The roads package includes $ 150 million to help the states fund a backlog of maintenance projects on the nation 's highways with the remaining $ 500 million to help pay for community infrastructure projects such as town halls , libraries , sports centres and community venues .
Small business gets a $ 2.7 billion package of tax breaks that includes an extra $ 600 tax deduction for any small business that buys and installs a $ 2000 computer before the end of June .
Those small firms that buy and take possession of a $ 60,000 backhoe by the end of June can claim an extra $ 18,000 tax deduction .
Small businesses with a turnover of less than $ 2 million a year , can also claim an extra 30 per cent tax deduction for assets costing more than $ 1000 or more that they buy between December 13 , 2008 , and June 30 , 2009 , and install by June 30 , 2010 .
The cash bonuses announced today will be paid in March and April .
About 8.7 million workers will get a lump sum tax - free bonus , depending on their annual income .
Those earning up to $ 80,000 a year will receive $ 950 , those earning between $ 80,000 and $ 90,000 will get $ 650 and those earning between $ 90,000 and $ 100,000 will get a $ 300 bonus .
Single - income families who receive the Family Tax Benefit Part B - about 1.5 million families - will get $ 950 on March 11 .
It will only be paid to those who were eligible for Family Tax Benefit Part B on February 3 .
Those receiving Family Tax Benefit Part
A with a child aged between four and 18 years will get a $ 950 back - to - school bonus .
The Government expects that 2.76 million children in 1.5 million families will share $ 2.6 billion .
About $ 511 million will fund a $ 950 training and learning bonus for 440,000 students and those returning to study such as those on youth allowance , Austudy and related payments ( but not those who get the back - to - school bonus ) .
Farmers will also benefit with a hardship bonus of $ 950 for those receiving exceptional circumstances related income support in a package worth $ 20.4 million .
Mr Rudd said the spending was aimed at boosting economic activity and jobs and combating the global recession .
" There will be no quick fix to this global recession and many of its effects are still to be felt , " he said .
" But the Government is taking the necessary and responsible action to help see Australia through this global crisis . "
Notre Dame in South Bend , Indiana has invited President Obama to speak at its commencement address , he has accepted .
Some over on the Catholic side are outraged , based on his social policies , understood , but Newt Gingrich of all persons have absolutely NOTHING TO SAY when it comes to any social policy .
Especially from the Catholicism point of view , he has had a notorious habit of dumping wives and setting up the next one , now on wifey number three .
Bravo to David Shuster for calling Gingrich 's hypocrisy out .
Enlarge By Karen Warren , Houston Chronicle via AP Houston Police Chief Harold Hurtt says of increasing number of police applicants , " We 're talking about people who have been in the workforce for a long time . "
HELP WANTED HELP WANTED
The FBI is hiring 850 agents and 2,100 staffers in various specialties , including : • Finance and accounting • Security • Intelligence analysis • Fingerprint analysis • Nursing • Electrical engineering • Physical , natural and social sciences • Auto mechanics Source : FBI Job seekers are swamping federal , state and local police agencies during the economic downturn , a reversal from recent years when departments struggled to find qualified recruits .
Police chiefs expect the new prospects , many of them highly experienced and victims of corporate cutbacks , will be better suited to fill a range of public safety jobs , from dispatchers to beat cops .
" We 're talking about people who have been in the workforce for a long time , " Houston Police Chief Harold Hurtt says .
" They know what being part of a team means and are more mature about the world of work . "
The FBI , which said in December it would hire about 3,000 agents and staffers , is sorting through 227,000 applications , the largest such response in its history .
Among the usual accountants , military veterans and recent college graduates are computer technicians and financial executives .
A Washington chef and two National Football League players also expressed interest in jobs .
" This year , there is great appeal in government work , " says Gwendolyn Hubbard , who is overseeing the bureau 's hiring for jobs paying $ 35,000 to $ 153,000 , with health care and retirement plans .
" People are attracted by the benefits and job security . "
Despite the many applicants , the FBI is running ads for agent jobs in part because about 50 % fail background checks , she says .
Advertising for the recent hiring program cost less than $ 1 million , FBI spokesman Mike Kortan says .
Among other law enforcement agencies seeing lots of applicants : • In Las Vegas , car salesmen , mortgage brokers and construction workers — representing some of the nation 's most troubled industries — want to help keep the peace in America 's playground .
Normally , about 280 prospects take the entrance test each month .
That rose to 400 in the past few months , says police Lt. Blake Quackenbush .
A 69 - year - old man who " out - ran a lot of younger people " and two chiropractors recently took the exam .
• Houston 's Police Chief Hurtt says his agency has been getting about 200 more applications a month since late last year .
He sees evidence of better - qualified officers .
Cadets that graduated from the local police academy last week posted the highest combined score on academic tests of any class in city history .
One of the cadets also broke the record for most consecutive push - ups : 1,100 .
•
The Phoenix Police Department set an annual record for the most applicants last year — 4,000 — before the hiring program was shut down in October because of budget cuts .
" The economy had to play a part in this , " Sgt. Forrest Vincent says , though he also credits the agency 's aggressive recruiting .
Police agencies are among the few employers still hiring .
When the Justice Department invited local agencies to apply for a share of $ 1 billion in stimulus funding to hire more officers , its website got 19,000 inquiries within a week .
" It 's been unbelievable , " says Justice Department spokesman Corey Ray .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Just what women need after the festive season : a new book telling them that eating fats is good and a shot of vodka is allowed
There is a new lifestyle ethos taking the most fashionable by storm .
It is less of a diet , more of a magic cure - all .
According to a range of A - list celebrities , this universal remedy promises to " break the bonds of diet despotism " while still enabling them to shed excess weight .
In addition , this magic bullet is said to cure hangovers , kick - start lagging libidos and relieve premenstrual tension .
The regimen has been adopted by Sarah Jessica Parker , who is apparently particularly keen on nutritionist Esther Blum 's advice to start the day with a vegetable omelette with strawberries .
Sharon Stone has allegedly ditched her egg - white diet in favour of Blum 's advice to fill up on egg yolks and butter .
Even the famously thin Desperate Housewife Teri Hatcher is considering Blum 's dictate to eschew the fat - free life in favour of a full - fat diet , rich in saturated oils .
" We live in a low - fat , fat - free culture , and women in particular have done their bodies a disservice , because we have disrupted our hormones to a quite phenomenal degree , " said Blum , author of Secrets of Gorgeous : Hundreds of Ways to Live Well While Living It Up .
" We have got ourselves to a stage where we can't comprehend that we need good fats to live a healthy life .
We need fat to regulate our hormones .
We need cholesterol to make oestrogen , progesterone and testosterone .
" Fat - free diets have had the most awful impact on our sex lives , too , " added Blum , who has run her nutrition clinic for 15 years and is a member of the American Dietetic Association and the Certification Board for Nutrition Specialists .
" Women have removed fat from their diets , then been surprised when their libido is affected . "
Her advice has transformed Blum 's profile from an anonymous medical boffin to the Martha Stewart of the New York health and fitness scene .
Since the publication of her book , she has rarely been off daytime television and the front of America 's most glamorous women 's magazines .
" We should be eating full - fat food , " she said .
" Fat - free foods can contribute to weight gain because they register in the body as a carbohydrate .
They also have less vitamin D. Egg yolks contain more protein than the white , as well as lecithin and choline , which help the liver break down and metabolise cholesterol .
Saturated fats support bones , protect the liver , enhance the immune system , and absorb omega - 3s .
In moderation , they do n't cause heart disease but slow down the absorption of foods in your stomach , making you feel fuller for longer . "
Blum suggests starting the day with a vegetable omelette and strawberries , detoxing regularly with beetroot and carrots , and eating wild Alaskan salmon three times a week : " This is your facelift in your fridge ; your internal plastic surgeon .
Wild salmon gives contours to your face and body by stimulating muscles . "
Blum is also realistic about convincing women to adopt a teetotal lifestyle .
Instead she counsels mitigating the impact on the waistline by skipping mixers .
" Do n't slam down shots , but sipping whisky or vodka on the rocks means avoiding a whole lot of sugar , " she said .
" And do n't fall for the myth that a carb - based or protein - rich meal before drinking prevents you absorbing alcohol too quickly .
The best ways to avoid hangovers are never mixing your alcohol - even different wines of the same colour - rehydrating before you go to bed and making sure you get enough sleep .
Work on the assumption that you burn off about two - thirds of a drink per hour . "
But if the worst happens and you wake with throbbing temples and a queasy stomach , there are , apparently , only two ways to offset a hangover .
" Forget all talk about ' hair of the dog ' , Hemingway 's solution of tomato juice and beer , or a greasy breakfast , " said Blum .
" The only hangover cures you can rely on are munching on liver - cleansing cabbage or sucking Japanese pickled plums .
Known as umeboshi , these have remarkable medicinal qualities .
Their powerful acidity has a paradoxical alkalinising effect on the body , neutralising fatigue and stimulating the digestion and promoting the elimination of toxins . "
Blum 's book has been given uncharacteristically enthusiastic reviews by other members of the usually tight - lipped American Dietetic Association .
" This is a lusty , sensual diet book for real people , " said Jonny Bowden , a nutrition specialist and author .
" This book is so innovative that its advice is almost counter - intuitive , but these are n't gimmicks ; they 're real solutions .
This is a superbly hip guide to staying healthy ; what other guide will tell you everything from what 's really in a frappaccino to how to make a smoothie that fights PMT ? "
Blum said she was moved to write her book by the pressure put on women by the diet industry .
" It seems like wooing a man with our God - given womanly charm just is n't good enough .
Advertisers do all they can to convince us that we 've got to look , taste and smell great - and , to top it all , we have to perform perfectly in every situation .
It 's enough to give a girl a complex , " she said .
" The very essence of being gorgeous is n't about being perfect : it 's about being and feeling our most fabulous .
And the secret of doing that is accepting your own imperfections . "
---------------
How will the stimulus package help you ?
Message 0424 SMS SMH ( +61 424 767 764 ) or email us with information .
---------------
" I would have thought a delay of 72 hours is n't unreasonable when you consider the magnitude of what 's at stake , " he told reporters .
The Senate would be condemned by Australians if it did n't scrutinise the legislation , he said .
" An inquiry would be a useful exercise to determine what the modelling is , what the alternatives are , and what the impact will be on the economy . ''
Senator Xenophon said he expected the inquiry to hear from economists , the welfare sector and business .
" So we can actually get the full picture . "
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has accused the Opposition of playing cheap politics by blocking his $ 42 billion nation building and jobs package .
Mr Rudd angrily accused Opposition Leader Malcolm Turnbull of pursuing his ideology " to let the market rip " .
" Mr Turnbull 's Liberals in the Senate now stand in the way of the biggest school modernisation in history , financial support for Australian householders and support for up to 90,000 jobs , " he said .
Mr Turnbull dropped a bombshell this morning by announcing the Coalition would block the Government 's plan .
After complaining that the deadline to have the legislation passed by tomorrow would not allow sufficient time for scrutiny , Mr Turnbull said the Coalition would oppose it in both houses .
" We know that this is not going to be a popular decision but it's the right decision , " he said .
" Someone has to stand up for fiscal discipline . "
He said the package was too big , adding that $ 15 to $ 20 billion should have been spent .
Labor deliberately excluded tax cuts from the package because they impose a permanent cost on the budget bottom line and make it harder to restore the budget to surplus .
Furthermore , tax cuts are already scheduled for July 1 , which will act as a further stimulus , which Mr Turnbull wants brought forward .
He is also unhappy about the $ 12.7 billion in $ 950 bonuses to be given to millions of Australians .
" We do not support a further round of cash handouts , " he said .
He does not believe instant spending measures work to stimulate the economy and repeated his belief that the $ 10.4 billion in handouts given in December had failed .
He also opposed the $ 14.7 billion to be spent in school infrastructure , saying it should be slashed to $ 3 billion .
The grants for insulating homes should be halved to $ 500 and means tested , he said .
Mr Turnbull said the whole package was " not composed of sufficiently effective measures " .
Speaking in Parliament this morning , Mr Turnbull called Mr Rudd " arrogant " for not sitting down with his political opponents to discuss the package and the economic situation .
But he did not rule out supporting further stimulus measures down the track .
He said Mr Rudd was " so arrogant " that " he alone is right " , that he is not prepared to do any more to his political opponents than to " put a gun " to them and say " stand and deliver " .
He said this was in contrast to Mr Rudd's " current hero " , US President Barack Obama , who was prepared to sit down with his opponents .
Liberal sources told smh.com.au this morning that the mood within the Coalition yesterday was to oppose the package and suggest alternative measures instead , including tax cuts .
The Coalition has now cut itself out of the equation and forced the Government to rely on the Greens , Senator Xenophon and Steve Fielding in the Senate .
After going to ground last night and this morning , the position was reached after the shadow cabinet met twice last night and the party room met once .
- with AAP
Phillip Coorey is the Herald 's Chief Political Correspondent .
Towers of Hanoi
You are encouraged to You are encouraged to solve this task according to the task description , using any language you may know .
Task
Solve the Towers of Hanoi problem with recursion .
Translation of : PL / I
* Towers of Hanoi 08/09/2015
HANOITOW CSECT
USING HANOITOW , R12 r12 : base register
LR R12,R15 establish base register
ST R14, SAVE14 save r14
BEGIN LH R2 , =H ' 4 ' n <===
L R3 , =C '123 ' stating position
BAL R14, MOVE r1=move(m, n )
RETURN L R14,SAVE14 restore r14
BR R14 return to caller
SAVE14 DS F static save r14
PG DC CL44 ' xxxxxxxxxxxx
Move disc from pole X to pole Y '
NN DC F'0 '
POLEX DS F current poles
POLEN DS F new poles
* .... recursive subroutine move(n , poles ) [ r2,r3 ]
MOVE LR R10,R11 save stackptr ( r11 ) in r10 temp
LA R1 , STACKLEN amount of storage required
GETMAIN RU , LV =( R1 ) allocate storage for stack
USING STACKDS , R11 make storage addressable
LR R11,R1 establish stack addressability
ST R14, SAVE14 M save previous r14
ST R10 , SAVE11M save previous r11
LR R1,R5 restore saved argument r5
BEGINM STM R2, R3 , STACK push arguments to stack
ST R3 , POLEX
CH R2 , =H ' 1 ' if n<>1
BNE RECURSE then goto recurse
L R1,NN
LA R1,1 ( R1 ) nn=nn+1
ST R1,NN
XDECO R1 , PG nn
MVC PG+33(1 ) , POLEX+0 from
MVC PG+43(1 ) , POLEX+1 to
XPRNT PG,44 print " move disk from to "
B RETURNM
RECURSE L R2 , N n
BCTR R2,0 n=n-1
MVC POLEN+0 ( 1 ) , POLES+0 from
MVC POLEN +1(1 ) , POLES+2 via
MVC POLEN +2(1 ) , POLES+1 to
L R3 , POLEN new poles
BAL R14, MOVE call move ( n - 1 , from , via , to )
LA R2,1 n=1
MVC POLEN , POLES
L R3 , POLEN new poles
BAL R14 , MOVE call move ( 1 , from , to , via )
L R2 , N n
BCTR R2,0 n=n-1
MVC POLEN+0 (1 ) , POLES+2 via
MVC POLEN +1(1 ) , POLES+1 to
MVC POLEN +2(1 ) , POLES+0 from
L R3 , POLEN new poles
BAL R14, MOVE call move ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
RETURNM LM R2,R3 , STACK pull arguments from stack
LR R1,R11 current stack
L R14, SAVE14 M restore r14
L R11, SAVE11M restore r11
LA R0 , STACKLEN amount of storage to free
FREEMAIN A=( R1 ) , LV =( R0 ) free allocated storage
BR R14 return to caller
LTORG
DROP R12 base no longer needed
STACKDS DSECT dynamic area
SAVE14M DS F saved r14
SAVE11M DS F saved r11
STACK DS 0F stack
N DS F r2 n
POLES DS F r3 poles
STACKLEN EQU *-STACKDS
YREGS
END HANOITOW
Output :
1 Move disc from pole 1 to pole 3 2 Move disc from pole 1 to pole 2 3
Move disc from pole 3 to pole 2 4
Move disc from pole 1 to pole 3 5 Move disc from pole 2 to pole 1 6 Move disc from pole 2 to pole 3 7 Move disc from pole 1 to pole 3 8 Move disc from pole 1 to pole 2 9
Move disc from pole 3 to pole 2 10 Move disc from pole 3 to pole 1 11 Move disc from pole 2 to pole 1 12 Move disc from pole 3 to pole 2 13 Move disc from pole 1 to pole 3 14 Move disc from pole 1 to pole 2 15 Move disc from pole 3 to pole 2
org 100h
lhld 6 ; Top of CP / M usable memory
sphl ;
Put the stack there
lxi b,0401h ; Set up first arguments to move ( )
lxi d,0203h
call move ; move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
rst 0 ; quit program
; ;; Move B disks from C via D to E .
move : dcr b ;
One fewer disk in next iteration
jz mvout ;
If this was the last disk , print move and stop
push b ; Otherwise , save registers ,
push d
mov a , d ; First recursive call
mov d,
e
mov e,
a
call move ; move ( B - 1 , C , E , D )
pop d ;
Restore registers
pop b
call mvout ; Print current move
mov a , c ; Second recursive call
mov c ,
d
mov d,
a
jmp move ; move ( B - 1 , D , C , E ) - tail call optimization
; ;; Print move , saving registers .
mvout : push b ;
Save registers on stack
push d
mov a , c ; Store ' from ' as ASCII digit in ' from ' space
adi ' 0 '
sta out1
mov a , e ; Store ' to ' as ASCII digit in ' to ' space
adi ' 0 '
sta out2
lxi d, outstr
mvi c,9 ; CP / M call to print the string
call 5
pop d ;
Restore register contents
pop b
ret
; ;;
Move output with placeholder for pole numbers
outstr : db ' Move disk from pole '
out1 : db '* to pole '
out2 : db '*' , 13,10 , '$ '
Output :
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 1
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 1
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 1
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 3
cpu 8086
bits 16
org 100h
section . text
mov bx , 0402h ; Set up first arguments to move ( )
mov cx , 0103h ; Registers chosen s.t. CX contains output
; ;; Move BH disks from CH via BL to CL
move : dec bh ;
One fewer disk in next iteration
jz . out ;
If this was last disk , just print move
push bx ;
Save the registers for a recursive call
push cx
xchg bl , cl ; Swap the ' to ' and ' via ' registers
call move ; move ( BH , CH , CL , BL )
pop cx ;
Restore the registers from the stack
pop bx
call .
out ;
Print the move
xchg ch , bl ; Swap the ' from ' and ' via ' registers
jmp move ; move ( BH , BL , CH , CL )
; ;; Print the move
. out : mov ax , ' 00 ' ; Add ASCII 0 to both ' from ' and ' to '
add ax , cx ; in one 16 - bit operation
mov [ out1 ] , ah ; Store ' from ' field in output
mov [ out2 ] , al ; Store ' to ' field in output
mov dx , outstr ; MS - DOS system call to print string
mov ah , 9
int 21h
ret
section .data
outstr : db ' Move disk from pole '
out1 : db '* to pole '
out2 : db '*' , 13 , 10 , '$ '
Output :
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 1
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 1
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 1
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 3
5 var , disks
var sa
var sb
var sc
: save sc ! sb ! sa !
disks ! ;
: get sa @ sb @ sc @ ;
: get2 get swap ;
: hanoi
save disks @ not if ;; then
disks @ get
disks @ n:1- get2 hanoi save
cr
" move a ring from " . sa @ . " to " . sb @ .
disks @ n:1- get2 rot hanoi
;
" Tower of Hanoi , with " . disks @ . " rings : " .
disks @ 1 2 3 hanoi cr bye
public function move ( n : int , from : int , to : int , via : int ) : void
{
if ( n > 0 )
{
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
trace ( " Move disk from pole " + from + " to pole " + to ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
}
}
with Ada. Text_Io ; use Ada. Text_Io ;
procedure Towers is
type Pegs is ( Left , Center , Right ) ;
procedure Hanoi ( Ndisks : Natural ; Start_Peg : Pegs := Left ; End_Peg : Pegs := Right ; Via_Peg : Pegs := Center ) is
begin
if Ndisks > 0 then
Hanoi ( Ndisks - 1 , Start_Peg , Via_Peg , End_Peg ) ;
Put_Line ( " Move disk " & Natural ' Image ( Ndisks ) & " from " & Pegs ' Image ( Start_Peg ) & " to " & Pegs ' Image ( End_Peg ) ) ;
Hanoi ( Ndisks - 1 , Via_Peg , End_Peg , Start_Peg ) ;
end if ;
end Hanoi ;
begin
Hanoi ( 4 ) ;
end Towers ;
move := proc(n :: number , src:: number , dst:: number , via : : number ) is
if n > 0 then
move(n - 1 , src , via , dst )
print ( src & ' to ' & dst )
move(n - 1 , via , dst , src )
fi
end
move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
PROC move = ( INT n , from , to , via ) VOID :
IF n > 0 THEN
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
printf ( ( $ " Move disk from pole " g " to pole " gl$ , from , to ) ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
FI
;
main : (
move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
)
COMMENT
Disk number is also printed in this code ( works with a 68g ) : COMMENT
PROC move = ( INT n , from , to , via ) VOID :
IF n > 0 THEN
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
printf ( ( $ " Move disk " g " from pole " g " to pole " gl$ , n , from , to ) ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
FI ;
main : (
move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
)
Following Agena , Algol 68 , AmigaE ...
begin
procedure move ( integer value n , from , to , via ) ;
if n > 0 then begin
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
write ( i_w := 1 , s_w := 0 , " Move disk from peg : " , from , " to peg : " , to ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
end move ;
move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
end .
PROC move(n , from , to , via )
IF n > 0
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to )
WriteF ( ' Move disk from pole \d to pole \d
' , from , to )
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
ENDIF
ENDPROC
PROC main ( )
move ( 4 , 1,2,3 )
ENDPROC
----------------------
TOWERS OF HANOI
---------------------
-- hanoi :: Int -> ( String , String , String ) -> [ ( String , String ) ]
on hanoi ( n , abc )
script go
on |λ| ( n , { x , y , z } )
if n > 0 then
|λ| ( n - 1 , { x , z , y } ) & ¬
{ { x , y } } & |λ| ( n - 1 , { z , y , x } )
else
{ }
end if
end |λ|
end script
go ' s |λ| ( n , abc )
end hanoi
----------------------------
TEST
--------------------------
on run
script arrow
on |λ| ( abc )
item 1 of abc & " -> " & item 2 of abc
end |λ|
end script
unlines ( map ( arrow , ¬
hanoi ( 3 , { " left " , " right " , " mid " } ) ) )
end run
---------------------
GENERIC FUNCTIONS
--------------------
-- Lift 2nd class handler function into 1st class script wrapper
-- mReturn :: First - class m => ( a -> b ) -> m ( a -> b )
on mReturn ( f )
if class of f is script then
f
else
script
property |λ| : f
end script
end if
end mReturn
-- map :: ( a -> b ) -> [ a ] -> [ b ]
on map ( f , xs )
tell mReturn ( f )
set lng to length of xs
set lst to { }
repeat with i from 1 to lng
set end of lst to |λ| ( item i of xs , i , xs )
end repeat
return lst
end tell
end map
-- unlines :: [ String ] ->
String
on unlines ( xs )
set { dlm , my text item delimiters } to ¬
{ my text item delimiters , linefeed }
set str to xs as text
set my text item delimiters to dlm
str
end unlines
Output :
left -> right left -> mid right -> mid left -> right mid -> left mid -> right left -> right
More illustratively :
( I 've now eliminated the recursive |move| ( ) handler 's tail calls .
So it 's now only called 2 ^ ( n - 1 ) times as opposed to 2 ^ ( n + 1 ) - 1 with full recursion .
The maximum call depth of n is only reached once , whereas with full recursion , the maximum depth was n + 1 and this was reached 2 ^ n times . )
on hanoi ( n , source , target )
set t1 to tab & " tower 1 : " & tab
set t2 to tab & " tower 2 : " & tab
set t3 to tab & " tower 3 : " & tab
script o
property m : 0
property tower1 : { }
property tower2 : { }
property tower3 : { }
property towerRefs : { a reference to tower1 , a reference to tower2 , a reference to tower3 }
property process : missing value
on | move | ( n , source , target )
set aux to 6 - source - target
repeat with n from n to 2 by - 1 -- Tail call elimination repeat .
| move | ( n - 1 , source , aux )
set end of item target of my towerRefs to n
tell item source of my towerRefs to set its contents to reverse of rest of its reverse
set m to m + 1
set end of my process to ¬
{ ( m as text ) & " . move disc " & n & ( " from tower " & source ) & ( " to tower " & target & " : " ) , ¬
t1 & tower1 , ¬
t2 & tower2 , ¬
t3 & tower3 }
tell source
set source to aux
set aux to it
end tell
end repeat
-- Specific code for n = 1 :
set end of item target of my towerRefs to 1
tell item source of my towerRefs to set its contents to reverse of rest of its reverse
set m to m + 1
set end of my process to ¬
{ ( m as text ) & " . move disc 1 from tower " & source & ( " to tower " & target & " : " ) , ¬
t1 & tower1 , ¬
t2 & tower2 , ¬
t3 & tower3 }
end | move |
end script
repeat with i from n to 1 by - 1
set end of item source of o ' s towerRefs to i
end repeat
set astid to AppleScript ' s text item delimiters
set AppleScript ' s text item delimiters to " , "
set o ' s process to { " Starting with " & n & ( " discs on tower " & ( source & " : " ) ) , ¬
t1 & o ' s tower1 , t2 & o ' s tower2 , t3 & o ' s tower3 }
if ( n > 0 ) then tell o to | move | ( n , source , target )
set end of o ' s process to " That 's it ! "
set AppleScript ' s text item delimiters to linefeed
set process to o ' s process as text
set AppleScript ' s text item delimiters to astid
return process
end hanoi
-- Test :
set numberOfDiscs to 3
set sourceTower to 1
set destinationTower to 2
hanoi ( numberOfDiscs , sourceTower , destinationTower )
Output :
" Starting with 3 discs on tower 1 : tower 1 : 3 , 2 , 1 tower 2 : tower 3 : 1 . move disc 1 from tower 1 to tower 2 : tower 1 : 3 , 2 tower 2 : 1 tower 3 : 2 . move disc 2 from tower 1 to tower 3 : tower 1 : 3 tower 2 : 1 tower 3 : 2 3 . move disc 1 from tower 2 to tower 3 : tower 1 : 3 tower 2 : tower 3 : 2 , 1 4 . move disc 3 from tower 1 to tower 2 : tower 1 : tower 2 : 3 tower 3 : 2 , 1 5 . move disc 1 from tower 3 to tower 1 : tower 1 : 1 tower 2 : 3 tower 3 : 2 6 . move disc 2 from tower 3 to tower 2 : tower 1 : 1 tower 2 : 3 , 2 tower 3 : 7 . move disc 1 from tower 1 to tower 2 : tower 1 : tower 2 : 3 , 2 , 1 tower 3 : That 's it ! "
Translation of : D
hanoi : @(n from to via ) {
if n>0 {
hanoi n - 1 from via to
print " Move disk " + n + " from " + from + " to " + to
hanoi n- 1 via to from
}
}
hanoi 3 " L " " M " " R "
Output :
Move disk 1 from L to M Move disk 2 from L to R Move disk 1 from M to R Move disk 3 from L to M Move disk 1 from R to L Move disk 2 from R to M Move disk 1 from L to M
move ( n , from , to , via ) ;n = # of disks , from = start pole , to = end pole , via = remaining pole
{
if ( n = 1 )
{
msgbox , Move disk from pole % from % to pole %to %
}
else
{
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to )
move ( 1 , from , to , via )
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
}
}
move ( 64 , 1 , 3 , 2 )
Func move ( $n , $ from , $ to , $ via )
If ( $n = 1 ) Then
ConsoleWrite ( StringFormat ( " Move disk from pole " & $ from & " To pole " & $ to & "
" ) )
Else
move ( $ n - 1 , $ from , $ via , $ to )
move ( 1 , $ from , $ to , $ via )
move ( $ n - 1 , $ via , $ to , $ from )
EndIf
EndFunc
move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
Translation of : Logo
$ awk ' func hanoi ( n , f, t , v ) { if ( n > 0 ) { hanoi ( n - 1 , f , v,t ) ; print ( f , " - > " ,t ) ; hanoi ( n - 1 , v,t , f ) } }
BEGIN { hanoi ( 4 , " left " , " middle " , " right " ) } '
Output :
left -> right left -> middle right -> middle left -> right middle -> left middle -> right left -> right left -> middle right -> middle right -> left middle -> left right -> middle left -> right left -> middle right -> middle
Using a Subroutine [ edit ]
Works with : FreeBASIC
Works with : RapidQ
SUB move ( n AS Integer , fromPeg AS Integer , toPeg AS Integer , viaPeg AS Integer )
IF n> 0 THEN
move n- 1 , fromPeg , viaPeg , toPeg
PRINT " Move disk from " ; fromPeg ; " to " ; toPeg
move n- 1 , viaPeg , toPeg , fromPeg
END IF
END SUB
move 4 , 1 , 2 , 3
Using GOSUB s [ edit ]
Here 's an example of implementing recursion in an old BASIC that only has global variables :
Works with : Applesoft BASIC
Works with : Commodore BASIC
10 DIM N ( 1024 ) , F ( 1024 ) , T ( 1024 ) , V ( 1024 ) : REM STACK PER PARAMETER
20 SP = 0 : REM STACK POINTER
30 N ( SP ) = 4 : REM START WITH 4 DISCS
40 F ( SP ) = 1 : REM ON PEG 1
50 T ( SP ) = 2 : REM MOVE TO PEG 2
60 V ( SP ) = 3 : REM VIA PEG 3
70 GOSUB 100
80 END
90 REM MOVE SUBROUTINE
100 IF N ( SP ) = 0 THEN RETURN
110 OS = SP : REMEMBER STACK POINTER
120 SP = SP + 1 : REM INCREMENT STACK POINTER
130 N ( SP ) = N ( OS ) - 1 : REM MOVE N- 1 DISCS
140 F ( SP ) = F ( OS ) : REM FROM START PEG
150 T ( SP ) = V ( OS ) : REM TO VIA PEG
160 V ( SP ) = T ( OS ) : REM VIA TO PEG
170 GOSUB 100
180 OS = SP - 1 : REM OS WILL HAVE CHANGED
190 PRINT " MOVE DISC FROM " ; F ( OS ) ; " TO " ; T ( OS )
200 N ( SP ) = N ( OS ) - 1 : REM MOVE N- 1 DISCS
210 F ( SP ) = V ( OS ) : REM FROM VIA PEG
220 T ( SP ) = T ( OS ) : REM TO DEST PEG
230 V ( SP ) = F ( OS ) : REM VIA FROM PEG
240 GOSUB 100
250 SP = SP - 1 : REM RESTORE STACK POINTER FOR CALLER
260 RETURN
Using binary method [ edit ]
Works with : Commodore BASIC
Very fast version in BASIC V2 on Commodore C- 64
10 def fnm ( x ) = x - int ( x / 3 ) * 3 : rem modulo
20 n = 4 : gosub 100
30 end
100 rem hanoi
110 : for m = 1 to 2 ^ n - 1
120 :: print m ; " : " , fnm ( m and m - 1 ) + 1 ; " to " ; fnm ( ( m or m - 1 ) + 1 ) + 1
130 : next
140 return
Output :
1 : 1 to 3 2 : 1 to 2 3 : 3 to 2 4 : 1 to 3 5 : 2 to 1 6 : 2 to 3 7 : 1 to 3 8 : 1 to 2 9 : 3 to 2 10 : 3 to 1 11 : 2 to 1 12 : 3 to 2 13 : 1 to 3 14 : 1 to 2 15 : 3 to 2
call move ( 4, 1,2,3 )
print " Towers of Hanoi puzzle completed ! "
end
subroutine move ( n , fromPeg , toPeg , viaPeg )
if n>0 then
call move ( n - 1 , fromPeg , viaPeg , toPeg )
print " Move disk from " + from Peg + " to " + toPeg
call move ( n - 1 , viaPeg , toPeg , fromPeg )
end if
end subroutine
Output :
Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 2
Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 2 to 1 Move disk from 2 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 2 Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 3 to 1 Move disk from 2 to 1 Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 1 to 3 Move disk from 1 to 2 Move disk from 3 to 2 Towers of Hanoi puzzle completed !
@ echo off
setlocal enabledelayedexpansion
% ==The main thing== %
% == First param - Number of disks== %
% ==Second param - Start pole== %
% ==Third param - End pole== %
% ==Fourth param - Helper pole== %
call : move
echo .
pause
exit /b 0
% == The " function "== %
: move
setlocal
set n= % 1
set from= % 2
set to= % 3
set via= % 4
if % n % gtr 0 (
set /a x= ! n ! -1
call : move !
x ! % from % % via % % to %
echo
Move top disk from pole % from % to pole % to % .
call : move !
x ! % via % % to % % from %
)
exit /b 0
Output :
Move top disk from pole START to pole HELPER .
Move top disk from pole START to pole END .
Move top disk from pole HELPER to pole END .
Move top disk from pole START to pole HELPER .
Move top disk from pole END to pole START .
Move top disk from pole END to pole HELPER .
Move top disk from pole START to pole HELPER .
Move top disk from pole START to pole END .
Move top disk from pole HELPER to pole END .
Move top disk from pole HELPER to pole START .
Move top disk from pole END to pole START .
Move top disk from pole HELPER to pole END .
Move top disk from pole START to pole HELPER .
Move top disk from pole START to pole END .
Move top disk from pole HELPER to pole END .
Press any key to continue . . .
Works with : BBC BASIC for Windows
DIM Disc$ ( 13 ) , Size % ( 3 )
FOR disc % = 1 TO 13
Disc$( disc % ) = STRING $ ( disc % , " " ) +STR$disc% +STRING$( disc % , " " )
IF disc %>=10 Disc$ ( disc % ) = MID $ ( Disc$ ( disc % ) ,2 )
Disc$ ( disc % ) = CHR$ 17+CHR$( 128+disc%-( disc %>7 ) ) + Disc$( disc% ) +CHR$17+CHR$ 128
NEXT disc %
MODE 3
OFF
ndiscs % = 13
FOR n % = ndiscs % TO 1 STEP -1
PROCput( n%,1 )
NEXT
INPUT TAB ( 0,0 ) " Press Enter to start " dummy $
PRINT TAB ( 0,0 ) SPC ( 20 ) ;
PROChanoi( ndiscs % , 1,2,3 )
VDU 30
END
DEF PROChanoi( a % , b% , c % , d % )
IF a%=0 ENDPROC
PROChanoi( a%-1, b % , d % , c % )
PROCtake ( a % , b% )
PROCput( a% , c% )
PROChanoi( a%-1, d % , c % , b % )
ENDPROC
DEF PROCput ( disc % , peg % )
PRINTTAB ( 13+26*( peg%-1 ) - disc%,20 - Size %( peg % ) ) Disc$ ( disc % ) ;
Size % ( peg % ) = Size % ( peg % ) +1
ENDPROC
DEF PROCtake ( disc % , peg % )
Size % ( peg % ) = Size %( peg % ) - 1
PRINTTAB ( 13+26*( peg%-1 ) - disc%,20 - Size %( peg % ) ) STRING $ ( 2*disc%+1 , " " ) ;
ENDPROC
This is loosely based on the Python sample .
The number of disks is specified by the first integer on the stack ( the initial character 4 in the example below ) .
If you want the program to prompt the user for that value , you can replace the 4 with a & ( the read integer command ) .
48*2+1>#v_:!#@_0 " ksid evoM " >:# , _$ :8/:.v
> 8v8:<$#<+9-+*2%3\*3/3:,+55.+1%3:$_,#!>#:<
: >/!#^_:0\:8/1-8vv,_$8%:3/1+.>0 " gep ot " ^
^++3-%3\*2/3:%8\*<>:^:" from peg " 0\ *8-1<
Output :
Move disk 1 from peg 1 to peg 2
Move disk 2 from peg 1 to peg 3
Move disk 1 from peg 2 to peg 3
Move disk 3 from peg 1 to peg 2
Move disk 1 from peg 3 to peg 1
Move disk 2 from peg 3 to peg 2
Move disk 1 from peg 1 to peg 2
Move disk 4 from peg 1 to peg 3
Move disk 1 from peg 2 to peg 3
Move disk 2 from peg 2 to peg 1
Move disk 1 from peg 3 to peg 1
Move disk 3 from peg 2 to peg 3
Move disk 1 from peg 1 to peg 2
Move disk 2 from peg 1 to peg 3
Move disk 1 from peg 2 to peg 3
( ( move
= n from to via
. !arg :(?n , ?from , ?to, ?via )
& ( !n:>0
& move$ (!n+-1 , !from , !via , !to )
& out $ ( " Move disk from pole " ! from " to pole " ! to )
& move$ (!n+-1,!via , !to , !from )
|
)
)
& move$ ( 4,1,2,3 )
) ;
Output :
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 1
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 1
Move disk from pole 2 to pole 1
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk from pole 3 to pole 2
[
This implementation is recursive and uses
a stack , consisting of frames that are 8
bytes long .
The layout is as follows :
Byte Description
0 recursion flag
( the program stops if the flag is
zero )
1 the step which is currently
executed
4 means a call to
move ( a , c , b , n - 1 )
3 means a call to
move ( a , b , c , 1 )
2 means a call to
move( b , a , c , n - 1 )
1 prints the source and dest pile
2 flag to check whether the current
step has already been done or if
it still must be executed
3 the step which will be executed
in the next loop
4 the source pile
5 the helper pile
6 the destination pile
7 the number of disks to move
The first stack frame ( 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 )
is used to abort the recursion .
]
>>>>>>>>
These are the parameters for the program
( 1 4 1 0 ' a 'b 'c 5 )
+>++++>+>>
>>>>++++++++[<++++++++++++>-]<
[<<<+>+>+>-]<<<+>++>+++>+++++>
<<<<<<<<
[> while ( recurse )
[- if ( step gt 0 )
>[-]+< todo = 1
[- if ( step gt 1 )
[- if ( step gt 2 )
[- if ( step gt 3 )
>>+++<< next = 3
>-< todo = 0
>>>>>>[>+>+<<-]>[<+>-]> n dup
-
[ [-] if ( sub (n 1 ) gt 0 )
<+>>>++++> push ( 1 0 0 4 )
copy and push a
<<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>>+>+
<<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>>-]< >
copy and push c
<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>+>+
<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>-]< >
copy and push b
<<<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>>>+>+
<<<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>>>-]< >
copy n and push sub(n 1 )
<<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>>+>+
<<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>>-]< -
>>
]
<<<<<<<<
]
>[ -< if ( ( step gt 2 ) and todo )
>>++<< next = 2
>>>>>>>
+>>>+> push 1 0 0 1 a b c 1
<<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>>+>+
<<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>>-]< >
a
<<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>>+>+
<<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>>-]< > b
<<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>>+>+
<<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>>-]< > c
+ >>
>] <
]
>[ -< if ( ( step gt 1 ) and todo )
>>>>>>[>+>+<<-]>[<+>-]> n dup
-
[ [-] if ( n sub 1 gt 0 )
<+>>>++++> push ( 1 0 0 4 )
copy and push b
<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>+
<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>-]< >
copy and push a
<<<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>>>+
<<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>>>-]< >
copy and push c
<<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>>+
<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>>-]< >
copy n and push sub(n 1 )
<<<<<<<<[>>>>>>>>+>+
<<<<<<<<<-]>>>>>>>>
>[<<<<<<<<<+>>>>>>>>>-]< -
>>
]
<<<<<<<<
>] <
]
>[ -< if ( ( step gt 0 ) and todo )
>>>>>>>
>++++[<++++++++>-]<
>>++++++++[<+++++++++>-]<++++
>>++++++++[<++++++++++++>-]<+++++
>>+++++++++[<++++++++++++>-]<+++
<<<
>.+++++++>.++.--.<<.
>>-.+++++.----.<<.
>>>.<---.+++.>+++.+.+.<.<<.
>.>--.+++++.---.++++.
-------.+++.<<.
>>>++.-------.-.<<<.
>+.>>+++++++.---.-----.<<<.
<<<<.>>>>.
>>----.>++++++++.<+++++.<<.
>.>>.---.-----.<<<.
<<.>>++++++++++++++.
>>>[ -] <[ -] <[ -] <[-]
+++++++++++++.---.[-]
<<<<<<<
>] <
>>[<<+>>-]<< step = next
]
return with clear stack frame
<[-]>[-]>[-]>[-]>[-]>[-]>[-]>[-]<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<
>>[<<+>>-]<< step = next
<
]
#include < stdio.h >
void move ( int n , int from , int via , int to )
{
if ( n > 1 ) {
move ( n - 1 , from , to , via ) ;
printf ( " Move disk from pole %d to pole %d
" , from , to ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , from , to ) ;
} else {
printf ( " Move disk from pole %d to pole %d
" , from , to ) ;
}
}
int main ( )
{
move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 ) ;
return 0 ;
}
#include < stdio.h >
#include < stdlib.h >
#include < unistd.h >
typedef struct { int * x , n ; } tower ;
tower * new_tower ( int cap )
{
tower * t = calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( tower ) + sizeof ( int ) * cap ) ;
t -> x = ( int * ) ( t + 1 ) ;
return t ;
}
tower * t [ 3 ] ;
int height ;
void text ( int y , int i , int d , const char * s )
{
printf ( " \033 [ %d ; %dH " , height - y + 1 , ( height + 1 ) * ( 2 * i + 1 ) - d ) ;
while ( d -- ) printf ( " %s " , s ) ;
}
void add_disk ( int i , int d )
{
t [ i ] -> x [ t [ i ] -> n ++ ] = d ;
text ( t [ i ] -> n , i , d , " == " ) ;
usleep ( 100000 ) ;
fflush ( stdout ) ;
}
int remove_disk ( int i )
{
int d = t [ i ] -> x [ -- t [ i ] -> n ] ;
text ( t [ i ] -> n + 1 , i , d , " " ) ;
return d ;
}
void move ( int n , int from , int to , int via )
{
if ( ! n ) return ;
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
add_disk ( to , remove_disk ( from ) ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
}
int main ( int c , char * v [ ] )
{
puts ( " \033 [ H \033 [ J " ) ;
if ( c <= 1 || ( height = atoi ( v [ 1 ] ) ) <= 0 )
height = 8 ;
for ( c = 0 ; c < 3 ; c ++ ) t [ c ] = new_tower ( height ) ;
for ( c = height ; c ; c -- ) add_disk ( 0 , c ) ;
move ( height , 0 , 2 , 1 ) ;
text ( 1 , 0 , 1 , "
" ) ;
return 0 ;
}
public void move ( int n , int from , int to , int via ) {
if ( n == 1 ) {
System .
Console .
WriteLine ( " Move disk from pole " + from + " to pole " + to ) ;
} else {
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
move ( 1 , from , to , via ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
}
}
Works with : g++
void move ( int n , int from , int to , int via ) {
if ( n == 1 ) {
std :: cout << " Move disk from pole " << from << " to pole " << to << std :: endl ;
} else {
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
move ( 1 , from , to , via ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
}
}
Side - Effecting Solution [ edit ]
( defn towers - of - hanoi [ n from to via ]
( when ( pos ? n )
( towers - of - hanoi ( dec n ) from via to )
( printf " Move from %s to %s
" from to )
( recur ( dec n ) via to from ) ) )
Lazy Solution [ edit ]
( defn towers - of - hanoi [ n from to via ]
( when ( pos ? n )
( lazy - cat ( towers - of - hanoi ( dec n ) from via to )
( cons [ from '- > to ]
( towers - of - hanoi ( dec n ) via to from ) ) ) ) )
Translation of : C
Works with : OpenCOBOL version 2.0
>> SOURCE FREE
IDENTIFICATION DIVISION .
PROGRAM -ID .
towers -of-hanoi .
PROCEDURE DIVISION .
CALL " move- disk " USING 4 , 1 , 2 , 3
.
END PROGRAM towers-of-hanoi .
IDENTIFICATION DIVISION .
PROGRAM -ID . move -disk RECURSIVE .
DATA DIVISION .
LINKAGE SECTION .
01 n PIC 9 USAGE COMP .
01 from - pole PIC 9 USAGE COMP .
01 to - pole PIC 9 USAGE COMP .
01 via -pole PIC 9 USAGE COMP .
PROCEDURE DIVISION USING n , from - pole , to - pole , via -pole .
IF n > 0
SUBTRACT 1 FROM n
CALL " move- disk " USING CONTENT n , from - pole , via -pole , to - pole
DISPLAY
" Move disk from pole " from - pole " to pole " to - pole
CALL " move- disk " USING CONTENT n , via - pole , to - pole , from - pole
END - IF
.
END PROGRAM move-disk .
Animate it for fun :
Template : Number of disks also
IDENTIFICATION DIVISION .
PROGRAM -ID .
towers -of-hanoi .
PROCEDURE DIVISION .
CALL " move- disk " USING 4 , 1 , 2 , 3
.
END PROGRAM towers-of-hanoi .
IDENTIFICATION DIVISION .
PROGRAM -ID . move -disk RECURSIVE .
DATA DIVISION .
LINKAGE SECTION .
01 n PIC 9 USAGE COMP .
01 from - pole PIC 9 USAGE COMP .
01 to - pole PIC 9 USAGE COMP .
01 via -pole PIC 9 USAGE COMP .
PROCEDURE DIVISION USING n , from - pole , to - pole , via -pole .
IF n > 0
SUBTRACT 1 FROM n
CALL " move- disk " USING CONTENT n , from - pole , via -pole , to - pole
ADD 1 TO n
DISPLAY
" Move disk number " n " from pole " from - pole " to pole " to - pole
SUBTRACT 1 FROM n
CALL " move- disk " USING CONTENT n , via - pole , to - pole , from - pole
END - IF
.
END PROGRAM move-disk .
ANSI - 74 solution [ edit ]
Early versions of COBOL did not have recursion .
There are no locally - scoped variables and the call of a procedure does not have to use a stack to save return state .
Recursion would cause undefined results .
It is therefore necessary to use an iterative algorithm .
This solution is an adaptation of Kolar 's Hanoi Tower algorithm no .
1 .
Works with : GnuCOBOL version 3.0-rc1.0
IDENTIFICATION DIVISION .
PROGRAM -ID .
ITERATIVE -TOWERS-OF-HANOI .
AUTHOR .
SOREN ROUG .
DATE -WRITTEN .
2019 - 06 - 28 .
ENVIRONMENT DIVISION .
CONFIGURATION SECTION .
SOURCE -COMPUTER . LINUX .
OBJECT -COMPUTER .
KAYPRO4 .
INPUT - OUTPUT SECTION .
FILE - CONTROL .
DATA DIVISION .
WORKING - STORAGE SECTION .
77 NUM -DISKS PIC 9 VALUE 4 .
77 N1 PIC 9 COMP .
77 N2 PIC 9 COMP .
77 FROM -POLE PIC 9 COMP .
77 TO - POLE PIC 9 COMP .
77 VIA - POLE PIC 9 COMP .
77 FP - TMP PIC 9 COMP .
77 TO - TMP PIC 9 COMP .
77 P- TMP PIC 9 COMP .
77 TMP-P PIC 9 COMP .
77 I PIC 9 COMP .
77 DIV PIC 9 COMP .
01 STACKNUMS .
05 NUMSET OCCURS 3 TIMES .
10 DNUM PIC 9 COMP .
01 GAMESET .
05 POLES OCCURS 3 TIMES .
10 STACK OCCURS 10 TIMES .
15 POLE PIC 9 USAGE COMP .
PROCEDURE DIVISION .
HANOI .
DISPLAY " TOWERS OF HANOI PUZZLE WITH " , NUM - DISKS , " DISKS . " .
ADD NUM - DISKS , 1 GIVING N1 .
ADD NUM - DISKS , 2 GIVING N2 .
MOVE 1 TO DNUM ( 1 ) .
MOVE N1 TO DNUM ( 2 ) , DNUM ( 3 ) .
MOVE N1 TO POLE ( 1 , N1 ) , POLE ( 2 , N1 ) , POLE ( 3 , N1 ) .
MOVE 1 TO POLE ( 1 , N2 ) .
MOVE 2 TO POLE ( 2 , N2 ) .
MOVE 3 TO POLE ( 3 , N2 ) .
MOVE 1 TO I .
PERFORM INIT -PUZZLE UNTIL I = N1 .
MOVE 1 TO FROM - POLE .
DIVIDE 2 INTO NUM - DISKS GIVING DIV .
MULTIPLY 2 BY DIV .
IF DIV NOT = NUM - DISKS PERFORM INITODD ELSE PERFORM INITEVEN .
PERFORM MOVE -DISK UNTIL DNUM ( 3 ) NOT > 1 .
DISPLAY " TOWERS OF HANOI PUZZLE COMPLETED ! " .
STOP RUN .
INIT - PUZZLE .
MOVE I TO POLE ( 1 , I ) .
MOVE 0 TO POLE ( 2 , I ) , POLE ( 3 , I ) .
ADD 1 TO I .
INITEVEN .
MOVE 2 TO TO - POLE .
MOVE 3 TO VIA - POLE .
INITODD .
MOVE 3 TO TO - POLE .
MOVE 2 TO VIA - POLE .
MOVE -DISK .
MOVE DNUM ( FROM - POLE ) TO FP - TMP .
MOVE POLE ( FROM - POLE , FP - TMP ) TO I .
DISPLAY " MOVE DISK FROM " , POLE ( FROM - POLE , N2 ) ,
" TO " , POLE ( TO - POLE , N2 ) .
ADD 1 TO DNUM ( FROM - POLE ) .
MOVE VIA - POLE TO TMP-P .
SUBTRACT 1 FROM DNUM ( TO - POLE ) .
MOVE DNUM ( TO - POLE ) TO TO - TMP .
MOVE I TO POLE ( TO - POLE , TO - TMP ) .
DIVIDE 2 INTO I GIVING DIV .
MULTIPLY 2 BY DIV .
IF I NOT = DIV PERFORM MOVE-TO -VIA ELSE
PERFORM MOVE -FROM-VIA .
MOVE -TO -VIA .
MOVE TO - POLE TO VIA - POLE .
MOVE DNUM ( FROM - POLE ) TO FP - TMP .
MOVE DNUM ( TMP-P ) TO P - TMP .
IF POLE ( FROM - POLE , FP - TMP ) > POLE ( TMP-P , P - TMP )
PERFORM MOVE -FROM - TO
ELSE MOVE TMP-P TO TO - POLE .
MOVE -FROM - TO .
MOVE FROM - POLE TO TO - POLE .
MOVE TMP-P TO FROM - POLE .
MOVE DNUM ( FROM - POLE ) TO FP - TMP .
MOVE DNUM ( TMP-P ) TO P - TMP .
MOVE -FROM-VIA .
MOVE FROM - POLE TO VIA - POLE .
MOVE TMP-P TO FROM - POLE .
hanoi = ( ndisks , start_peg= 1 , end_peg= 3 ) ->
if ndisks
staging_peg = 1 + 2 + 3 - start_peg - end_peg
hanoi ( ndisks - 1 , start_peg , staging_peg )
console . log " Move disk #{ndisks} from peg #{start_peg} to #{end_peg} "
hanoi ( ndisks - 1 , staging_peg , end_peg )
hanoi ( 4 )
( defun move ( n from to via )
( cond ( ( = n 1 )
( format t " Move from ~ A to ~ A. ~ % " from to ) )
( t
( move ( - n 1 ) from via to )
( format t " Move from ~ A to ~ A. ~ % " from to )
( move ( - n 1 ) via to from ) ) ) )
Recursive Version [ edit ]
import std. stdio ;
void hanoi ( in int n , in char from , in char to , in char via ) {
if ( n > 0 ) {
hanoi ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
writefln ( " Move disk %d from %s to %s " , n , from , to ) ;
hanoi ( n - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
}
}
void main ( ) {
hanoi ( 3 , ' L ' , ' M ' , ' R ' ) ;
}
Output :
Move disk 1 from L to M Move disk 2 from L to R Move disk 1 from M to R Move disk 3 from L to M Move disk 1 from R to L Move disk 2 from R to M Move disk 1 from L to M
Fast Iterative Version [ edit ]
See :
The shortest and " mysterious " TH algorithm
// Code found and then improved by Glenn C. Rhoads ,
// then some more by M. Kolar ( 2000 ) .
void main ( in string [ ] args ) {
import core . stdc .
stdio , std. conv , std. typetuple ;
immutable size_t n = ( args .
length > 1 ) ? args [ 1 ] . to !
size_t : 3 ;
size_t [ 3 ] p = [ ( 1 << n ) - 1 , 0 , 0 ] ;
// Show the start configuration of the pegs .
' |' . putchar ;
foreach_reverse ( immutable i ; 1 .. n + 1 )
printf ( " %d " , i ) ;
"
|
| " . puts ;
foreach ( immutable size_t x ; 1 .. ( 1 << n ) ) {
{
immutable size_t i1 = x & ( x - 1 ) ;
immutable size_t fr = ( i1 + i1 / 3 ) & 3 ;
immutable size_t i2 = ( x | ( x - 1 ) ) + 1 ;
immutable size_t to = ( i2 + i2 / 3 ) & 3 ;
size_t j = 1 ;
for ( size_t w = x ; ! ( w & 1 ) ; w >>= 1 , j <<= 1 ) { }
// Now j is not the number of the disk to move ,
// it contains the single bit to be moved :
p [ fr ] &= ~ j ;
p [ to ] |= j ;
}
// Show the current configuration of pegs .
foreach ( immutable size_t k ; TypeTuple ! ( 0 , 1 , 2 ) ) {
"
| " . printf ;
size_t j = 1 << n ;
foreach_reverse ( immutable size_t w ; 1 .. n + 1 ) {
j >>= 1 ;
if ( j & p [ k ] )
printf ( " %zd " , w ) ;
}
}
'
' . putchar ;
}
}
Output :
| 3 2 1 | | | 3 2 | | 1 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 3 | 2 1 | | | 2 1 | 3 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 1 | | 3 2 | | | 3 2 1
main ( ) {
moveit ( from , to ) {
print ( " move $ {from} ---> $ {to} " ) ;
}
hanoi( height , toPole , fromPole, usePole ) {
if ( height > 0 ) {
hanoi( height - 1,usePole , fromPole , toPole ) ;
moveit ( fromPole , toPole ) ;
hanoi( height - 1, toPole , usePole , fromPole ) ;
}
}
hanoi( 3,3,1,2 ) ;
}
The same as above , with optional static type annotations and styled according to http://www.dartlang.org/articles/style-guide/
main ( ) {
String say ( String from , String to ) => " $ from ---> $ to " ;
hanoi( int height , int toPole , int fromPole , int usePole ) {
if ( height > 0 ) {
hanoi( height - 1 , usePole , fromPole , toPole ) ;
print ( say ( fromPole.toString ( ) , toPole.toString ( ) ) ) ;
hanoi( height - 1 , toPole , usePole , fromPole ) ;
}
}
hanoi( 3 , 3 , 1 , 2 ) ;
}
Output :
move 1 ---> 3 move 1 ---> 2 move 3 ---> 2 move 1 ---> 3 move 2 ---> 1 move 2 ---> 3 move 1 ---> 3
From Here
[ # move ( from , to ) n # print from [ --> ] n # print " --> " p # print to
sw # p does n't pop , so get rid of the value ] sm [ # init ( n ) sw # tuck n away temporarily 9 # sentinel as bottom of stack lw # bring n back 1 # " from " tower 's label 3 # " to " tower 's label 0 # processed marker ] si [ # Move ( ) lt # push to lf # push from lmx # call move ( from , to ) ] sM [ # code block < d > ln # push n lf # push from lt # push to 1 # push processed marker 1 ln # push n 1 # push 1 - # n - 1 lf # push from ll # push left 0 # push processed marker 0 ]sd [ # code block < e > ln # push n 1 # push 1 - # n - 1 ll # push left lt # push to 0 # push processed marker 0 ]se [ # code block < x > ln 1 =M ln 1 !=d ]sx [ # code block < y > lMx lex ]sy [ # quit ( ) q # exit the program ] sq [ # run ( ) d 9 =q # if stack empty , quit ( ) sp # processed st # to sf # from sn # n 6 # lf # - # lt # - # 6 - from - to sl # lp 0 =x # lp 0 !=y # lrx # loop ] sr 5 lix # init ( n ) lrx # run ( )
Translation of : Swift
func hanoi(n , a , b , c ) {
if n > 0 {
hanoi( n - 1 , a , c , b )
print ( " Move disk from \ ( a ) to \ ( c ) " )
hanoi( n - 1 , b , a , c )
}
}
hanoi ( 4 , " A " , " B " , " C " )
Output :
Move disk from A to B Move disk from A to C Move disk from B to C Move disk from A to B Move disk from C to A Move disk from C to B Move disk from A to B Move disk from A to C Move disk from B to C Move disk from B to A Move disk from C to A Move disk from B to C Move disk from A to B Move disk from A to C Move disk from B to C
def move ( out , n , fromPeg , toPeg , viaPeg ) {
if ( n. aboveZero ( ) ) {
move ( out , n. previous ( ) , fromPeg , viaPeg , toPeg )
out .
println ( ` Move disk $n from $ fromPeg to $ toPeg .` )
move ( out , n. previous ( ) , viaPeg , toPeg , fromPeg )
}
}
move ( stdout , 4 , def left { } , def right { } , def middle { } )
func hanoi n src dst aux . .
if n >= 1
call hanoi n - 1 src aux dst
print " Move " & src & " to " & dst
call hanoi n - 1 aux dst src
.
.
call hanoi 5 1 2 3
class
APPLICATION
create
make
feature { NONE } -- Initialization
make
do
move ( 4 , " A " , " B " , " C " )
end
feature -- Towers of Hanoi
move ( n : INTEGER ; frm , to , via : STRING )
require
n > 0
do
if n = 1 then
print ( " Move disk from pole " + frm + " to pole " + to + " %N " )
else
move ( n - 1 , frm , via , to )
move ( 1 , frm , to , via )
move ( n - 1 , via , to , frm )
end
end
end
Translation of : Haskell
open monad io
:::IO
//Functional approach
hanoi 0 _ _ _ = [ ]
hanoi n a b c = hanoi ( n - 1 ) a c b ++ [ ( a , b ) ] ++ hanoi ( n - 1 ) c b a
hanoiIO n = mapM_ f $ hanoi n 1 2 3 where
f ( x , y ) = putStrLn $ " Move " ++ show x ++ " to " ++ show y
// Imperative approach using IO monad
hanoiM n = hanoiM ' n 1 2 3 where
hanoiM ' 0 _ _ _ = return ()
hanoiM ' n a b c = do
hanoiM ' ( n - 1 ) a c b
putStrLn $ " Move " ++ show a ++ " to " ++ show b
hanoiM ' ( n - 1 ) c b a
ELENA 4.x :
move = ( n , from , to , via )
{
if ( n == 1 )
{
console.printLine
( " Move disk from pole " , from , " to pole " , to )
}
else
{
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
move ( 1 , from , to , via ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
}
} ;
defmodule RC do
def hanoi(n ) when 0<n and n < 10 , do : hanoi( n , 1 , 2 , 3 )
defp hanoi ( 1 , f , _ , t ) , do : move ( f , t )
defp hanoi(n , f , u , t ) do
hanoi( n - 1 , f , t , u )
move (f , t )
hanoi( n - 1 , u , f , t )
end
defp move(f , t ) , do : IO. puts " Move disk from #{f} to #{t} "
end
RC.hanoi(3 )
Output :
Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 2
Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 2 to 1 Move disk from 2 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 3
Translation of : Common Lisp
( defun move ( n from to via )
( cond ( ( = n 1 )
( print ( format " Move from %S to % S " from to ) ) )
( t
( progn
( move ( - n 1 ) from via to )
( print ( format " Move from %S to % S " from to ) )
( move ( - n 1 ) via to from ) ) ) ) )
move ( 1 , F , T , _V ) ->
io : format ( " Move from ~p to ~ p~n " , [ F , T ] ) ;
move ( N , F , T , V ) ->
move ( N - 1 , F , V , T ) ,
move ( 1 , F , T , V ) ,
move ( N - 1 , V , T , F ) .
!-----------------------------------------------------------
! HANOI.R : solve tower of Hanoi puzzle using a recursive
! modified algorithm .
!-----------------------------------------------------------
PROGRAM HANOI
!$INTEGER
!VAR I ,J, MOSSE , NUMBER
PROCEDURE PRINTMOVE
LOCAL SOURCE $ , DEST $
MOSSE=MOSSE+1
CASE I OF
1-> SOURCE $ =" Left " END ->
2-> SOURCE $ =" Center " END ->
3-> SOURCE $ = " Right " END ->
END CASE
CASE J OF
1-> DEST$ =" Left " END ->
2-> DEST $ =" Center " END ->
3-> DEST $ = " Right " END ->
END CASE
PRINT ( " I move a disk from " ; SOURCE $ ; " to " ; DEST $ )
END PROCEDURE
PROCEDURE MOVE
IF NUMBER <>0 THEN
NUMBER=NUMBER-1
J=6-I-J
MOVE
J=6-I-J
PRINTMOVE
I=6-I-J
MOVE
I=6-I-J
NUMBER=NUMBER+1
END IF
END PROCEDURE
BEGIN
MAXNUM=12
MOSSE=0
PRINT ( CHR$ ( 12 ) ; TAB ( 25 ) ; "--- TOWERS OF HANOI ---" )
REPEAT
PRINT ( " Number of disks " ;)
INPUT ( NUMBER )
UNTIL NUMBER >1 AND NUMBER <=MAXNUM
PRINT
PRINT ( " For " ; NUMBER ; " disks the total number of moves is " ; 2^NUMBER - 1 )
I=1 ! number of source pole
J=3 ! number of destination pole
MOVE
END PROGRAM
Output :
--- TOWER OF HANOI --- Number of disks ?
3
For 3 disks the total number of moves is 7 I move a disk from Left to Right I move a disk from Left to Center I move a disk from Right to Center I move a disk from Left to Right I move a disk from Center to Left I move a disk from Center to Right I move a disk from Left to Right
# ( C ) 2013 Ezhil Language Project
# Tower of Hanoi – recursive solution
நிரல்பாகம் ஹோனாய் ( வட்டுகள் , முதல்அச்சு , இறுதிஅச்சு , வட்டு )
@ ( வட்டுகள் == 1 ) ஆனால ்
பதிப்பி “ வட்டு ” + str ( வட்டு ) + “ ஐ \t ( ” + str ( முதல்அச்சு ) + “ — > ” + str ( இறுதிஅச்சு ) + “ ) அச்சிற்கு நகர்த்துக . ”
இல்ல ை
@ ( [ " இ " , " அ " , " ஆ " ] இல் அச்சு ) ஒவ்வொன்றா க
@ ( ( முதல்அச்சு != அச்சு ) && ( இறுதிஅச்சு != அச்சு ) ) ஆனால ்
நடு = அச்ச ு
முட ி
முட ி
# solve problem for n- 1 again between src and temp pegs
ஹோனாய் ( வட்டுகள்- 1 , முதல்அச்சு , நடு , வட்டுகள்- 1 )
# move largest disk from src to destination
ஹோனாய் ( 1 , முதல்அச்சு , இறுதிஅச்சு , வட்டுகள் )
# solve problem for n- 1 again between different pegs
ஹோனாய் ( வட்டுகள்- 1 , நடு , இறுதிஅச்சு , வட்டுகள்- 1 )
முட ி
முட ி
ஹோனாய் ( 4 , ” அ ” , ” ஆ ” , 0 )
# light
let rec hanoi num start finish =
match num with
| 0 -> [ ]
| _ -> let temp = ( 6 - start - finish )
( hanoi ( num - 1 ) start temp ) @ [ start , finish ] @ ( hanoi ( num - 1 ) temp finish )
[ < EntryPoint > ]
let main args =
( hanoi 4 1 2 ) |>
List .
iter ( fun pair -> match pair with
| a , b -> printf
" Move disc from %A to %A
" a b )
0
USING : formatting kernel locals math ;
IN : rosettacode.hanoi
: move ( from to -- )
" %d->%d
" printf ;
: : hanoi ( n from to other -- )
n 0 > [
n 1 - from other to hanoi
from to move
n 1 - other to from hanoi
] when ;
In the REPL :
( scratchpad ) 3 1 3 2 hanoi 1->3 1->2 3->2 1->3 2->1 2->3 1->3
[ " Move disk from " $ !\ " to " $ ! \ "
" ] p : { to from }
[ n; 0 > [ n; 1 - n : @\ h ;! @\ p ; ! \@ h ;! \@ n;1+n : ]?]h : { via to from }
4n : [" right " ] [ " middle " ] [ " left " ] h ;!%%%
With locals :
CREATE peg1 , " left "
CREATE peg2 , " middle "
CREATE peg3 , " right "
: .$ COUNT TYPE ;
: MOVE -DISK
LOCALS| via to from n |
n 1 =
IF CR . "
Move disk from " from .$ . " to " to . $
ELSE n 1 - from via to RECURSE
1 from to via RECURSE
n 1 - via to from RECURSE
THEN ;
Without locals , executable pegs :
: left . " left " ;
: right . " right " ;
: middle . " middle " ;
: move - disk ( v t f n -- v t f )
dup 0 = if drop exit then
1- >R
rot swap [ email protected ] ( t v f n - 1 ) recurse
rot swap
2dup cr . "
Move disk from " execute . " to " execute
swap rot R > ( f t v n - 1 ) recurse
swap rot ;
: hanoi ( n -- )
1 max >R [ '] right [ '] middle [ '] left R > move - disk drop drop drop ;
Works with : Fortran version 90 and later
PROGRAM TOWER
CALL Move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
CONTAINS
RECURSIVE SUBROUTINE
Move ( ndisks , from , to , via )
INTEGER , INTENT ( IN ) :: ndisks , from , to , via
IF ( ndisks == 1 ) THEN
WRITE ( * , " ( A , I1 , A, I1 ) " )
" Move disk from pole " , from , " to pole " , to
ELSE
CALL Move ( ndisks - 1 , from , via , to )
CALL Move ( 1 , from , to , via )
CALL Move ( ndisks - 1 , via , to , from )
END IF
END SUBROUTINE
Move
END PROGRAM TOWER
' FB 1.05.0 Win64
Sub move ( n As Integer , from As Integer , to_ As Integer , via As Integer )
If n > 0
Then
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to_ )
Print " Move disk " ; n ; " from pole " ; from ; " to pole " ; to _
move ( n - 1 , via , to_ , from )
End If
End Sub
Print " Three disks " : Print
move 3 , 1 , 2 , 3
Print
Print " Four disks " : Print
move 4 , 1 , 2 , 3
Print " Press any key to quit "
Sleep
Output :
Three disks
Move disk 1 from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk 2 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk 1 from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk 3 from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk 1 from pole 3 to pole 1
Move disk 2 from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk 1 from pole 1 to pole 2 Four disks
Move disk 1 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk 2 from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk 1 from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk 3 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk 1 from pole 2 to pole 1
Move disk 2 from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk 1 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk 4 from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk 1 from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk 2 from pole 3 to pole 1
Move disk 1 from pole 2 to pole 1
Move disk 3 from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk 1 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk 2 from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk 1 from pole 3 to pole 2
/** Set up the recursive call for n disks */
hanoi[ n ] := hanoi[n , 1 , 3 , 2 ]
/** The recursive call . */
hanoi[n , source , target , aux ] :=
{
if n > 0
{
hanoi [ n - 1 , source , aux , target ]
println [ " Move from $ source to $ target " ]
hanoi [ n - 1 , aux , target , source ]
}
}
hano i [ 7 ]
include " ConsoleWindow "
void local fn move ( n as long , fromPeg as long , toPeg as long , viaPeg as long )
if n > 0
fn move ( n - 1 , fromPeg , viaPeg , toPeg )
print " Move disk from " ; fromPeg ; " to " ; toPeg
fn move ( n - 1 , viaPeg , toPeg , fromPeg )
end if
end fn
fn move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
print
print " Towers of Hanoi puzzle solved . "
end
Output :
Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 2
Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 2 to 1 Move disk from 2 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 2 Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 3 to 1 Move disk from 2 to 1 Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 1 to 3 Move disk from 1 to 2 Move disk from 3 to 2 Towers of Hanoi puzzle solved .
In this page you can see the solution of this task .
Fōrmulæ programs are not textual , visualization / edition of programs is done showing / manipulating structures but not text ( more info ) .
Moreover , there can be multiple visual representations of the same program .
Even though it is possible to have textual representation — i.e. XML , JSON — they are intended for transportation effects more than visualization and edition .
The option to show Fōrmulæ programs and their results is showing images .
Unfortunately images cannot be uploaded in Rosetta Code .
Hanoi := function(n )
local move ;
move := function(n , a , b , c ) # from , through , to
if n = 1 then
Print ( a , " -> " , c , "
" ) ;
else
move(n - 1 , a , c , b ) ;
move ( 1 , a , b , c ) ;
move(n - 1 , b , a , c ) ;
fi ;
end ;
move (n , " A " , " B " , " C " ) ;
end ;
Hanoi( 1 ) ;
# A -> C
Hanoi( 2 ) ;
# A -> B
# A -> C
# B -> C
Hanoi( 3 ) ;
# A -> C
# A -> B
# C -> B
# A -> C
# B -> A
# B -> C
# A -> C
package main
import " fmt "
// a towers of hanoi solver just has one method , play
type solver interface {
play ( int )
}
func main ( ) {
var t solver // declare variable of solver type
t = new ( towers ) // type towers must satisfy solver interface
t . play ( 4 )
}
// towers is example of type satisfying solver interface
type towers struct {
// an empty struct .
some other solver might fill this with some
// data representation , maybe for algorithm validation , or maybe for
// visualization .
}
// play is sole method required to implement solver type
func ( t * towers ) play ( n int ) {
// drive recursive solution , per task description
t . moveN ( n , 1 , 2 , 3 )
}
// recursive algorithm
func ( t * towers ) moveN ( n , from , to , via int ) {
if n > 0 {
t . moveN ( n - 1 , from , via , to )
t . move1 ( from , to )
t . moveN ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
}
}
// example function prints actions to screen .
// enhance with validation or visualization as needed .
func ( t * towers ) move1 ( from , to int ) {
fmt .
Println ( " move disk from rod " , from , " to rod " , to )
}
In other words :
package main
import " fmt "
func main ( ) {
move ( 3 , " A " , " B " , " C " )
}
func move ( n uint64 , a , b , c string ) {
if n > 0 {
move ( n - 1 , a , c , b )
fmt .
Println ( " Move disk from " + a + " to " + c )
move ( n - 1 , b , a , c )
}
}
Unlike most solutions here this solution manipulates more - or - less actual stacks of more - or - less actual rings .
def tail = { list , n -> def m = list .
size ( ) ; list .
subList ( [ m - n , 0 ] . max ( ) , m ) }
final STACK = [ A : [ ] , B : [ ] , C : [ ] ] .
as Immutable ( )
def report = { it -> }
def check = { it -> }
def moveRing = { from , to -> to << from .
pop ( ) ; report ( ) ; check ( to ) }
def moveStack
moveStack = { from , to , using = STACK .
values ( ) . find { ! ( it. is ( from ) || it . is ( to ) ) } ->
if ( ! from ) return
def n = from .
size ( )
moveStack ( tail ( from , n - 1 ) , using , to )
moveRing ( from , to )
moveStack ( tail ( using , n - 1 ) , to , from )
}
Test program :
enum Ring {
S ( ' °' ) , M ( ' o ' ) , L ( ' O ' ) , XL ( '( ) ' ) ;
private sym
private Ring ( sym ) { this .
sym = sym }
String toString ( ) { sym }
}
report = { STACK .
each { k , v -> println " ${k} : $ {v} " } ; println ( ) }
check = { to -> assert to == ( [ ] + to ) . sort ( ) . reverse ( ) }
Ring . values ( ) .
reverseEach { STACK .
A << it }
report ( )
check ( STACK .
A )
moveStack ( STACK .
A , STACK .
C )
Output :
A : [ ( ) , O , o , ° ] B : [ ] C : [ ] A : [ ( ) , O , o ] B : [ ° ] C : [ ] A : [ ( ) , O ] B : [ ° ] C : [ o ]
A : [ ( ) , O ] B : [ ] C : [ o , ° ] A : [ ( ) ]
B : [ O ] C : [ o , ° ] A : [ ( ) , ° ] B : [ O ] C : [ o ] A : [ ( ) , ° ] B : [ O , o ] C : [ ] A : [ ( ) ]
B : [ O , o , ° ] C : [ ] A : [ ] B : [ O , o , ° ] C : [ ( ) ]
A : [ ] B : [ O , o ] C : [ ( ) , ° ] A : [ o ] B : [ O ] C : [ ( ) , ° ] A : [ o , ° ] B : [ O ] C : [ ( ) ]
A : [ o , ° ] B : [ ] C : [ ( ) , O ] A : [ o ] B : [ ° ] C : [ ( ) , O ] A : [ ] B : [ ° ] C : [ ( ) , O , o ] A : [ ] B : [ ] C : [ ( ) , O , o , ° ]
Most of the programs on this page use an imperative approach ( i.e. , print out movements as side effects during program execution ) .
Haskell favors a purely functional approach , where you would for example return a ( lazy ) list of movements from a to b via c :
hanoi :: Integer -> a -> a -> a -> [ ( a , a ) ]
hanoi 0 _ _ _ = [ ]
hanoi n a b c = hanoi ( n - 1 ) a c b ++ [ ( a , b ) ] ++ hanoi ( n - 1 ) c b a
You can also do the above with one tail - recursion call :
hanoi :: Integer -> a -> a -> a -> [ ( a , a ) ]
hanoi n a b c = hanoiToList n a b c [ ]
where
hanoiToList 0 _ _ _ l = l
hanoiToList n a b c l = hanoiToList ( n - 1 ) a c b ( ( a , b ) : hanoiToList ( n - 1 ) c b a l )
One can use this function to produce output , just like the other programs :
hanoiIO n = mapM_ f $ hanoi n 1 2 3 where
f ( x , y ) = putStrLn $ " Move " ++ show x ++ " to " ++ show y
or , instead , one can of course also program imperatively , using the IO monad directly :
hanoiM :: Integer -> IO ( )
hanoiM n = hanoiM ' n 1 2 3 where
hanoiM ' 0 _ _ _ = return ( )
hanoiM ' n a b c = do
hanoiM ' ( n - 1 ) a c b
putStrLn $ " Move " ++ show a ++ " to " ++ show b
hanoiM ' ( n - 1 ) c b a
or , defining it as a monoid , and adding some output :
import Data .
Monoid ( ( <> ) , mempty )
import Data .
List ( intercalate , transpose )
hanoi :: Int -> t -> t -> t -> [ [ t ] ]
hanoi 0 _ _ _ = mempty
hanoi n l r m = hanoi ( n - 1 ) l m r <> [ [ l , r ] ] <> hanoi ( n - 1 ) m r l
showHanoi :: Int ->
String
showHanoi n =
unlines $
intercalate " -> " < $ >
transpose
( ( justifyLeft 6 ' ' < $> ) < $> transpose ( hanoi n " left " " right " " mid " ) )
justifyLeft :: Int -> Char ->
String ->
String
justifyLeft n c s = take n ( s <> replicate n c )
-- TEST
-------------------------------------------------------------
main :: IO ( )
main = putStrLn $ showHanoi 5
Output :
left -> right left -> mid right -> mid left -> right mid -> left mid -> right left -> right left -> mid right -> mid right -> left mid -> left right -> mid left -> right left -> mid right -> mid left -> right mid -> left mid -> right left -> right mid -> left right -> mid right -> left mid -> left mid -> right left -> right left -> mid right -> mid left -> right mid -> left mid -> right left -> right
Translation of : C
U0 Move ( U8 n , U8 from , U8 to , U8 via ) {
if ( n > 0 ) {
Move(n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
Print ( " Move disk from pole %d to pole %d
" , from , to ) ;
Move(n - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
}
}
Move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 ) ;
The following is based on a solution in the Unicon book .
procedure main ( arglist )
hanoi ( arglist [ 1 ] ) | stop ( " Usage : hanoi n
\r Where n is the number of disks to move . " )
end
# procedure hanoi( n : integer , needle 1:1 , needle2:2 ) # unicon shorthand for icon code 1,2,3 below
procedure hanoi ( n , needle1 , needle2 ) # : solve towers of hanoi by moving n disks from needle 1 to needle2 via other
local other
n := integer ( 0 < n ) | runerr ( n , 101 ) # 1 ensure integer ( this also ensures it 's positive too )
/ needle1 := 1 # 2 default
/ needle2 := 2 # 3 default
if n = 1 then
write ( " Move disk from " , needle1 , " to " , needle2 )
else {
other := 6 - needle1 - needle2 # clever but somewhat un - iconish way to find other
hanoi ( n - 1 , needle1 , other )
write ( " Move disk from " , needle1 , " to " , needle2 )
hanoi ( n - 1 , other , needle2 )
}
return
end
Hanoi is a room .
A post is a kind of supporter .
A post is always fixed in place .
The left post , the middle post , and the right post are posts in Hanoi .
A disk is a kind of supporter .
The red disk is a disk on the left post .
The orange disk is a disk on the red disk .
The yellow disk is a disk on the orange disk .
The green disk is a disk on the yellow disk .
Definition : a disk is topmost if nothing is on it .
When play begins :
move 4 disks from the left post to the right post via the middle post .
To move ( N - number ) disk / disks from ( FP - post ) to ( TP - post ) via ( VP - post ) :
if N > 0 :
move N - 1 disks from FP to VP via TP ;
say " Moving a disk from [ FP ] to [ TP ] ... " ;
let D be a random topmost disk enclosed by FP ;
if a topmost disk ( called TD ) is enclosed by TP , now D is on TD ;
otherwise now D is on TP ;
move N - 1 disks from VP to TP via FP .
hanoi := method ( n , from , to , via ,
if ( n == 1 ) then (
writeln ( " Move from " , from , " to " , to )
) else (
hanoi ( n - 1 , from , via , to )
hanoi ( 1 , from , to , via )
hanoi ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
)
)
= method(n , f , u , t ,
if(n < 2 ,
" #{f} --> # {t} " println ,
H(n - 1 , f , t , u )
" #{f} --> # {t} " println
H(n - 1 , u , f , t )
)
)
hanoi = method(n ,
H(n , 1 , 2 , 3 )
)
100 PROGRAM " Hanoi.bas "
110 CALL HANOI ( 4,1,3,2 )
120 DEF HANOI ( DISK , FRO , TO , WITH )
130 IF DISK>0 THEN
140 CALL HANOI ( DISK -1 , FRO , WITH , TO )
150 PRINT " Move disk " ; DISK ; " from " ; FRO ; " to " ; TO
160 CALL HANOI ( DISK - 1 , WITH , TO , FRO )
170 END IF
180 END DEF
Solutions
H = : [ email protected ] , & 2 ` (( {& 0 2 1 , 0 2 , {& 1 0 2 ) @$ :@< : ) @. * NB . tacit using anonymous recursion
Example use :
H 3
0 2
0 1
2 1
0 2
1 2
1 0
2 0
The result is a 2 - column table ; a row i , j is interpreted as : move a disk ( the top disk ) from peg i to peg j .
Or , using explicit rather than implicit code :
H1 = : monad define NB .
explicit equivalent of H
if . y do .
( {& 0 2 1 , 0 2 , {& 1 0 2 ) H1 y - 1
else .
i. 0 2
end .
)
The usage here is the same :
H1 2 0 1 0 2 1 2
Alternative solution
If a textual display is desired , similar to some of the other solutions here ( counting from 1 instead of 0 , tracking which disk is on the top of the stack , and of course formatting the result for a human reader instead of providing a numeric result ) :
hanoi= : monad define
moves= .
H y
disks= . $ ~` ( ( ] , [ , ] ) $ :@< : ) @.* y
( ' move disk ' ; ' from peg ' ; ' to peg ' ) ; @ , . " 1 " :&.> disks , . 1 +moves
)
Demonstration :
hanoi 3
move disk 1 from peg 1 to peg 3
move disk 2 from peg 1 to peg 2
move disk 1 from peg 3 to peg 2
move disk 3 from peg 1 to peg 3
move disk 1 from peg 2 to peg 1
move disk 2 from peg 2 to peg 3
move disk 1 from peg 1 to peg 3
public void move ( int n , int from , int to , int via ) {
if ( n == 1 ) {
System .
out .
println ( " Move disk from pole " + from + " to pole " + to ) ;
} else {
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
move ( 1 , from , to , via ) ;
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
}
}
ES5 [ edit ]
function move ( n , a , b , c ) {
if ( n > 0 ) {
move ( n - 1 , a , c , b ) ;
console . log ( " Move disk from " + a + " to " + c ) ;
move ( n - 1 , b , a , c ) ;
}
}
move ( 4 , " A " , " B " , " C " ) ;
Or , as a functional expression , rather than a statement with side effects :
( function ( ) {
// hanoi :: Int -> String -> String -> String -> [ [ String , String ] ]
function hanoi ( n , a , b , c ) {
return n ? hanoi ( n - 1 , a , c , b )
. concat ( [
[ a , b ]
] )
. concat ( hanoi ( n - 1 , c , b , a ) ) : [ ] ;
}
return hanoi ( 3 , ' left ' , ' right ' , ' mid ' )
. map ( function ( d ) {
return d [ 0 ] + ' -> ' + d [ 1 ] ;
} ) ;
} ) ( ) ;
Output :
[ " left -> right " , " left -> mid " ,
" right -> mid " , " left -> right " ,
" mid -> left " , " mid -> right " ,
" left -> right " ]
ES6 [ edit ]
( ( ) => {
'use strict ' ;
// hanoi :: Int -> String -> String -> String -> [ [ String , String ] ]
const hanoi = ( n , a , b , c ) =>
n ? hanoi ( n - 1 , a , c , b )
. concat ( [
[ a , b ]
] )
. concat ( hanoi ( n - 1 , c , b , a ) ) : [ ] ;
// show :: a ->
String
const show = x => JSON . stringify ( x , null , 2 ) ;
return show (
hanoi ( 3 , ' left ' , ' right ' , ' mid ' )
. map ( d => d [ 0 ] + ' -> ' + d [ 1 ] )
) ;
} ) ( ) ;
Output :
[ " left -> right " , " left -> mid " , " right -> mid " , " left -> right " , " mid -> left " , " mid -> right " , " left -> right " ]
From here
DEFINE hanoi == [ [ rolldown ] infra ] dip
[ [ [ null ] [ pop pop ] ]
[ [ dup2 [ [ rotate ] infra ] dip pred ]
[ [ dup rest put ] dip
[ [ swap ] infra ] dip pred ]
[ ] ] ]
condnestrec .
Using it ( 5 is the number of disks . )
[ source destination temp ] 5 hanoi .
Works with : jq version 1.4
The algorithm used here is used elsewhere on this page but it is worthwhile pointing out that it can also be read as a proof that :
( a ) move( n ; " A " ; " B " ; " C " ) will logically succeed for n>=0 ; and
( b ) move ( n ; " A " ; " B " ; " C " ) will generate the sequence of moves , assuming sufficient computing resources .
The proof of ( a ) is by induction :
As explained in the comments , the algorithm establishes that move ( n ; x ; y;z ) is possible for all n>=0 and distinct x , y , z if move ( n - 1 ; x ; y; z ) ) is possible ;
Since move ( 0 ; x ;y;z ) evidently succeeds , ( a ) is established by induction .
The truth of ( b ) follows from the fact that the algorithm emits an instruction of what to do when moving a single disk .
# n is the number of disks to move from From to To
def move(n ; From ; To ; Via ) :
if n > 0 then
# move all but the largest at From to Via ( according to the rules ) :
move( n - 1 ; From ; Via ; To ) ,
# ... so the largest disk at From is now free to move to its final destination :
" Move disk from \ ( From ) to \ ( To ) " ,
# Move the remaining disks at Via to To :
move( n - 1 ; Via ; To ; From )
else empty
end ;
Example :
move ( 5 ; " A " ; " B " ; " C " )
From Javascript ES5 entry .
/* Towers of Hanoi , in Jsish */
function move ( n , a , b , c ) {
if ( n > 0 ) {
move ( n - 1 , a , c , b ) ;
puts ( " Move disk from " + a + " to " + c ) ;
move ( n - 1 , b , a , c ) ;
}
}
if ( Interp. conf ( ' unitTest ' ) ) move ( 4 , " A " , " B " , " C " ) ;
/*
=!EXPECTSTART !=
Move disk from A to B
Move disk from A to C
Move disk from B to C
Move disk from A to B
Move disk from C to A
Move disk from C to B
Move disk from A to B
Move disk from A to C
Move disk from B to C
Move disk from B to A
Move disk from C to A
Move disk from B to C
Move disk from A to B
Move disk from A to C
Move disk from B to C
=!EXPECTEND !=
*/
Output :
prompt $ jsish -u towersOfHanoi.jsi [ PASS ] towersOfHanoi.jsi
Translation of : R
function solve(n:: Integer , from :: Integer , to :: Integer , via : : Integer )
if n == 1
println ( " Move disk from $ from to $ to " )
else
solve(n - 1 , from , via , to )
solve ( 1 , from , to , via )
solve(n - 1 , via , to , from )
end
end
solve ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
Output :
Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 2
Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 2 to 1 Move disk from 2 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 3
Move disk from 1 to 2 Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 3 to 1 Move disk from 2 to 1 Move disk from 3 to 2 Move disk from 1 to 3 Move disk from 1 to 2 Move disk from 3 to 2
h :{[ n; a ; b; c ] if [ n> 0 ; _f [ n - 1 ; a;c ; b ] ; `0 :,//$ ( $n , " : " , $a , " - > " , $b , "
" ) ; _f [n - 1 ; c ; b;a ] ]
}
h [ 4;1;2;3 ]
1:1->3
2:1->2
1:3->2
3:1->3
1:2->1
2:2->3
1:1->3
4:1->2
1:3->2
2:3->1
1:2->1
3:3->2
1:1->3
2:1->2
1:3->2
The disk to move in the i'th step is the same as the position of the leftmost 1 in the binary representation of 1..2 ^n .
s :( ) ; {[ n ; a ; b; c ] if [ n > 0 ; _f [ n - 1 ; a ; c ; b ] ;s , : n ; _f [ n - 1 ; c ; b;a ] ] } [ 4;1;2;3 ] ; s
1 2 1 3 1 2 1 4 1 2 1 3 1 2 1
1_{*1+&|x}'a:( 2_vs!_2^4 )
1 2 1 3 1 2 1 4 1 2 1 3 1 2 1
Translation of : MiniScript
include ..\ Utilitys.tlhy
:moveDisc %B !B %C !C %A !A %n !n { n A C B }
$n [
$n 1 - $ A $ B $ C moveDisc
( " Move disc " $n " from pole " $ A " to pole " $ C ) lprint nl
$n 1 - $ B $ C $ A moveDisc
] if
;
{ Move disc 3 from pole 1 to pole 3 , with pole 2 as spare }
3 1 3 2 moveDisc
" " input
Output :
Move disc 1 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disc 2 from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disc 1 from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disc 3 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disc 1 from pole 2 to pole 1
Move disc 2 from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disc 1 from pole 1 to pole 3
// version 1.1.0
class Hanoi ( disks : Int ) {
private var moves = 0
init {
println ( " Towers of Hanoi with $ disks disks :
" )
move ( disks , ' L ' , ' C ' , ' R' )
println ( "
Completed in $ moves moves
" )
}
private fun move ( n : Int , from : Char , to : Char , via : Char ) {
if ( n > 0 ) {
move ( n - 1 , from , via , to )
moves ++
println ( " Move disk $n from $ from to $ to " )
move ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
}
}
}
fun main ( args : Array < String > ) {
Hanoi ( 3 )
Hanoi ( 4 )
}
Output :
Towers of Hanoi with 3 disks :
Move disk 1 from L to C Move disk 2 from L to R Move disk 1 from C to R Move disk 3 from L to C Move disk 1 from R to L Move disk 2 from R to C Move disk 1 from L to C Completed in 7 moves Towers of Hanoi with 4 disks :
Move disk 1 from L to R Move disk 2 from L to C Move disk 1 from R to C Move disk 3 from L to R Move disk 1 from C to L Move disk 2 from C to R Move disk 1 from L to R Move disk 4 from L to C Move disk 1 from R to C Move disk 2 from R to L Move disk 1 from C to L Move disk 3 from R to C Move disk 1 from L to R Move disk 2 from L to C Move disk 1 from R to C Completed in 15 moves
( Following NewLisp , PicoLisp , Racket , Scheme )
{ def move
{ lambda { :n : from : to :via }
{ if { <= :n 0 }
then >
else { move { - :n 1 } : from :via : to }
move disk :n from : from to : to { br }
{ move { - :n 1 } :via : to : from } } } }
-> move
{ move 4 A B C }
> move disk 1 from A to C
> move disk 2 from A to B
> move disk 1 from C to B
> move disk 3 from A to C
> move disk 1 from B to A
> move disk 2 from B to C
> move disk 1 from A to C
> move disk 4 from A to B
> move disk 1 from C to B
> move disk 2 from C to A
> move disk 1 from B to A
> move disk 3 from C to B
> move disk 1 from A to C
> move disk 2 from A to B
> move disk 1 from C to B
#!/usr/bin/lasso9
define towermove (
disks : : integer ,
a , b, c
) => {
if ( #disks > 0 ) => {
towermove ( #disks - 1 , #a , #c , #b )
stdoutnl ( " Move disk from " + # a + " to " + # c )
towermove ( #disks - 1 , #b , #a , # c )
}
}
towermove ( ( integer ( $argv -> second || 3 ) ) , " A " , " B " , " C " )
Called from command line :
./towers
Output :
Move disk from A to C Move disk from A to B Move disk from C to B Move disk from A to C Move disk from B to A Move disk from B to C Move disk from A to C
Called from command line :
./towers 4
Output :
Move disk from A to B Move disk from A to C Move disk from B to C Move disk from A to B Move disk from C to A Move disk from C to B Move disk from A to B Move disk from A to C Move disk from B to C Move disk from B to A Move disk from C to A Move disk from B to C Move disk from A to B Move disk from A to C Move disk from B to C
This looks much better with a GUI interface .
source$ = " A "
via$ = " B "
target$ = " C "
call hanoi 4 , source$ , target $ , via$ ' ie call procedure to move legally 4 disks from peg A to peg C via peg B
wait
sub hanoi numDisks , source$ , target $ , via $
if numDisks = 0 then
exit sub
else
call hanoi numDisks - 1 , source$ , via$ , target $
print " Move disk " ; numDisks ; " from peg " ; source$ ; " to peg " ; target $
call hanoi numDisks - 1 , via$ , target$ , source $
end if
end sub
end
on hanoi ( n , a , b , c )
if n > 0 then
hanoi( n - 1 , a , c , b )
put " Move disk from " && a && " to " && c
hanoi( n - 1 , b , a , c )
end if
end
hanoi ( 3 , " A " , " B " , " C " )
-- " Move disk from A to C "
-- " Move disk from A to B "
-- " Move disk from C to B "
-- " Move disk from A to C "
-- " Move disk from B to A "
-- " Move disk from B to C "
-- " Move disk from A to C "
to move :n : from : to :via
if :n = 0 [ stop ]
move :n - 1 : from :via : to
( print [ Move disk from ] : from [ to ] : to )
move :n-1 :via : to : from
end
move 4 " left " middle " right
:- object ( hanoi ) .
:- public ( run / 1 ) .
:- mode ( run ( + integer ) , one ) .
:- info ( run / 1 , [
comment is ' Solves the towers of Hanoi problem for the specified number of disks . ' ,
argnames is [ ' Disks ' ] ] ) .
run ( Disks ) :-
move ( Disks , left , middle , right ) .
move ( 1 , Left , _ , Right ) :-
! ,
report ( Left , Right ) .
move ( Disks , Left , Aux , Right ) :-
Disks2 is Disks - 1 ,
move ( Disks2 , Left , Right , Aux ) ,
report ( Left , Right ) ,
move ( Disks2 , Aux , Left , Right ) .
report ( Pole1 , Pole2 ) :-
write ( ' Move a disk from ' ) ,
writeq ( Pole1 ) ,
write ( ' to ' ) ,
writeq ( Pole2 ) ,
write ( '. ' ) ,
nl .
:- end_object .
HAI
HOW DUZ I HANOI YR N AN YR SRC AN YR DST AN YR VIA
BTW VISIBLE SMOOSH " HANOI N= " N " SRC= " SRC " DST = " DST " VIA= " VIA MKAY
BOTH SAEM N AN 0 , O RLY ?
YA RLY
BTW VISIBLE " Done . "
GTFO
NO WAI
I HAS A LOWER ITZ DIFF OF N AN 1
HANOI DST VIA SRC LOWER
VISIBLE SMOOSH
" Move disc " N " from " SRC ...
" to " DST MKAY
HANOI SRC DST VIA LOWER
OIC
IF U SAY SO
HANOI 2 3 1 4 BTW requires reversed arguments ?
KTHXBYE
function move ( n , src , dst , via )
if n > 0 then
move ( n - 1 , src , via , dst )
print ( src , ' to ' , dst )
move ( n - 1 , via , dst , src )
end
end
move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
Hanoi Iterative [ edit ]
# ! / usr / bin / env luajit
local function printf ( fmt , ... ) io. write ( string .
format ( fmt , ... ) )
end
local runs = 0
local function move ( tower , from , to )
if # tower [ from ] == 0
or ( # tower [ to ] > 0
and tower [ from ] [ # tower [ from ] ] > tower [ to ] [ # tower [ to ] ] ) then
to , from = from , to
end
if # tower [ from ] > 0 then
tower [ to ] [ # tower [ to ] + 1 ] = tower [ from ] [ # tower [ from ] ]
tower [ from ] [ # tower [ from ] ] = nil
io.write ( tower [ to ] [ # tower [ to ] ] , " : " , from , " → " , to , " " )
end
end
local function hanoi ( n )
local src , dst , via = { } , { } , { }
local tower = { src , dst , via }
for i = 1 , n do src [ i ] = n - i + 1 end
local one , nxt , lst
if n % 2 == 1 then -- odd
one , nxt , lst = 1 , 2 , 3
else
one , nxt , lst = 1 , 3 , 2
end
-- repeat
: : loop ::
move ( tower , one , nxt )
if # dst == n then return end
move ( tower , one , lst )
one , nxt , lst = nxt , lst , one
goto loop
-- until false
end
local num = arg [ 1 ] and tonumber ( arg [ 1 ] ) or 4
hanoi ( num )
Output :
> ./hanoi_iter.lua 5 1:1→2 2:1→3 1:2→3 3:1→ 2 1:3→1 2:3→2 1:1→2 4:1→3 1:2→3 2:2→1 1:3→1 3:2→3 1:1→2 2:1→3 1:2→3 5:1→2 1:3→1 2:3→2 1:1→2 3:3→1 1:2→3 2:2→1 1:3→1 4:3→2 1:1→2 2:1→3 1:2→3 3:1→ 2 1:3→1 2:3→2 1:1→2
Hanoi Bitwise Fast [ edit ]
# ! / usr / bin / env luajit
-- binary solution
local bit = require " bit "
local band , bor = bit .
band , bit .
bor
local function hanoi ( n )
local even = ( n - 1 ) % 2
for m = 1 , 2 ^ n - 1 do
io.write ( m , " : " , band ( m , m - 1 ) % 3 + 1 , " → " , ( bor ( m , m - 1 ) + 1 ) % 3 + 1 , " " )
end
end
local num = arg [ 1 ] and tonumber ( arg [ 1 ] ) or 4
hanoi ( num )
Output :
> ./hanoi_bit.lua 4 1:1→3 2:1→2 3:3→2 4:1→3 5:2→1 6:2→3 7:1→3 8:1→2 9:3→ 2 10:3→1 11:2→1 12:3→2 13:1→3 14:1→2 15:3→2 > time ./hanoi_bit.lua 30 >/dev/null ; on AMD FX - 8350 @ 4 GHz ./hanoi_bit.lua 30 > / dev/null 297,40s user 1,39s system 99 % cpu 4:59,01 total
Translation of : FreeBasic
Module Hanoi {
Rem HANOI TOWERS
Print " Three disks " : Print
move ( 3 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
Print
Print " Four disks " : Print
move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 )
Sub move(n , from , to , via )
If n <=0 Then Exit Sub
move(n - 1 , from , via , to )
Print " Move disk " ; n ; " from pole " ; from ; " to pole " ; to
move(n - 1 , via , to , from )
End Sub
}
Hanoi
Output :
same as in FreeBasic
Hanoi := proc(n:: posint , a, b, c )
if n = 1 then
printf ( " Move disk from tower %a to tower %a .
" , a, c ) ;
else
Hanoi( n - 1, a , c , b ) ;
Hanoi ( 1, a , b, c ) ;
Hanoi( n - 1 , b, a, c ) ;
fi ;
end :
printf ( " Moving 2 disks from tower A to tower C using tower B .
" ) ;
Hanoi( 2, A, B , C ) ;
Output :
Moving 2 disks from tower A to tower C using tower B .
Move disk from tower A to tower B .
Move disk from tower A to tower C .
Move disk from tower B to tower C .
Hanoi[ 0 , from_ , to_ , via_ ] :=
Null
Hanoi[ n_Integer , from_ , to_ , via_ ] :=
( Hanoi [ n - 1 , from , via , to ] ;
Print [ " Move disk from pole " , from , " to " , to , " . " ] ;
Hanoi[ n - 1 , via , to , from ] )
This is a direct translation from the Python example given in the Wikipedia entry for the Tower of Hanoi puzzle .
function towerOfHanoi ( n , A , C, B )
if ( n~= 0 )
towerOfHanoi ( n- 1 , A , B , C ) ;
disp ( sprintf ( ' Move plate %d from tower %d to tower % d ' , [ n A C ] ) ) ;
towerOfHanoi ( n- 1 , B , C, A ) ;
end
end
Sample output :
towerOfHanoi( 3,1,3,2 )
Move plate 1 from tower 1 to tower 3
Move plate 2 from tower 1 to tower 2
Move plate 1 from tower 3 to tower 2
Move plate 3 from tower 1 to tower 3
Move plate 1 from tower 2 to tower 1
Move plate 2 from tower 2 to tower 3
Move plate 1 from tower 1 to tower 3
moveDisc = function(n , A , C , B )
if n == 0 then return
moveDisc n - 1 , A , B , C
print " Move disc " + n + " from pole " + A + " to pole " + C
moveDisc n - 1 , B , C , A
end function
// Move disc 3 from pole 1 to pole 3 , with pole 2 as spare
moveDisc 3 , 1 , 3 , 2
Output :
Move disc 1 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disc 2 from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disc 1 from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disc 3 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disc 1 from pole 2 to pole 1
Move disc 2 from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disc 1 from pole 1 to pole 3
# Towers of Hanoi
# MIPS assembly implementation ( tested with MARS )
# Source : https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50382420/hanoi-towers-recursive-solution-using-mips/50383530#50383530
.data
prompt : .asciiz
" Enter a number : "
part1 : .asciiz "
Move disk "
part2 : .asciiz " from rod "
part3 : .asciiz " to rod "
. text
. globl main
main :
li $ v0 , 4 # print string
la $ a0 , prompt
syscall
li $ v0 , 5 # read integer
syscall
# parameters for the routine
add $ a0 , $ v0 , $ zero # move to $ a0
li $ a1 , 'A '
li $ a2 , 'B '
li $ a3 , 'C '
jal hanoi # call hanoi routine
li $ v0 , 10 # exit
syscall
hanoi :
# save in stack
addi $ sp , $ sp , - 20
sw $ra , 0 ( $sp )
sw $ s0 , 4 ( $sp )
sw $ s1 , 8 ( $sp )
sw $ s2 , 12 ( $sp )
sw $ s3 , 16 ( $sp )
add $ s0 , $ a0 , $ zero
add $ s1 , $ a1 , $ zero
add $ s2 , $ a2 , $ zero
add $ s3 , $ a3 , $ zero
addi $ t1 , $ zero , 1
beq $ s0 , $ t1 , output
recur1 :
addi $ a0 , $ s0 , - 1
add $ a1 , $ s1 , $ zero
add $ a2 , $ s3 , $ zero
add $ a3 , $ s2 , $ zero
jal hanoi
j output
recur2 :
addi $ a0 , $ s0 , - 1
add $ a1 , $ s3 , $ zero
add $ a2 , $ s2 , $ zero
add $ a3 , $ s1 , $ zero
jal hanoi
exithanoi :
lw $ ra , 0 ( $sp ) # restore registers from stack
lw $ s0 , 4 ( $sp )
lw $ s1 , 8 ( $sp )
lw $ s2 , 12 ( $sp )
lw $ s3 , 16 ( $sp )
addi $ sp , $ sp , 20 # restore stack pointer
jr $ ra
output :
li $ v0 , 4 # print string
la $ a0 , part1
syscall
li $ v0 , 1 # print integer
add $ a0 , $ s0 , $ zero
syscall
li $ v0 , 4 # print string
la $ a0 , part2
syscall
li $ v0 , 11 # print character
add $ a0 , $ s1 , $ zero
syscall
li $ v0 , 4 # print string
la $ a0 , part3
syscall
li $ v0 , 11 # print character
add $ a0 , $ s2 , $ zero
syscall
beq $ s0 , $ t1 , exithanoi
j recur2
^ 2 x^y П0 <-> 2 / {x} x#0 16
3 П3 2 П2 БП 20 3 П2 2 П3
1 П1 ПП 25 КППB ПП 28 КППA ПП 31
КППB ПП 34 КППA ИП1 ИП3 КППC ИП1 ИП2 КППC
ИП3 ИП2 КППC ИП1 ИП3 КППC ИП2 ИП1 КППC ИП2
ИП3 КППC ИП1 ИП3 КППC В/О ИП1 ИП2 БП 62
ИП2 ИП1 КППC ИП1 ИП2 ИП3 П1 -> П3 ->
П2 В/О 1 0 / + С/ П КИП0 ИП0 x=0
89 3 3 1 ИНВ ^ ВП 2 С/П В/ О
Instruction : РA = 56 ; РB = 60 ; РC = 72 ; N В/О С/П , where 2 <= N <= 7 .
MODULE
Towers ;
FROM FormatString IMPORT FormatString ;
FROM Terminal IMPORT WriteString , ReadChar ;
PROCEDURE
Move ( n , from , to , via : INTEGER ) ;
VAR buf : ARRAY [ 0 .. 63 ] OF CHAR ;
BEGIN
IF n> 0 THEN
Move ( n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
FormatString ( " Move disk %i from pole % i to pole %i
" , buf , n , from , to ) ;
WriteString ( buf ) ;
Move ( n - 1 , via , to , from )
END
END Move ;
BEGIN
Move ( 3 , 1 , 3 , 2 ) ;
ReadChar
END Towers .
MODULE Hanoi EXPORTS
Main ;
FROM IO IMPORT Put ;
FROM Fmt IMPORT
Int ;
PROCEDURE doHanoi ( n , from , to , using : INTEGER ) =
BEGIN
IF n > 0 THEN
doHanoi ( n - 1 , from , using , to ) ;
Put ( " move " & Int ( from ) & " --> " & Int ( to ) & "
" ) ;
doHanoi ( n - 1 , using , to , from ) ;
END ;
END doHanoi ;
BEGIN
doHanoi ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 ) ;
END Hanoi .
def move(n , fromPeg , toPeg , viaPeg ) :
if ( n > 0 ) :
move (n.previous ( ) , fromPeg , viaPeg , toPeg )
traceln ( `Move disk $n from $ fromPeg to $ toPeg` )
move ( n.previous ( ) , viaPeg , toPeg , fromPeg )
move ( 3 , " left " , " right " , " middle " )
using System ;
using System .
Console ;
module Towers
{
Hanoi(n : int , from = 1 , to = 3 , via = 2 ) : void
{
when ( n > 0 )
{
Hanoi(n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
WriteLine ( " Move disk from peg { 0} to peg { 1} " , from , to ) ;
Hanoi(n - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
}
}
Main ( ) : void
{
Hanoi( 4 )
}
}
/* NetRexx */
options replace format comments java crossref symbols binary
runSample ( arg )
return
-- ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
method runSample ( arg ) private static
parse arg discs .
if discs = '' , discs < 1 then discs = 4
say ' Minimum moves to solution : ' 2 ** discs - 1
moves = move ( discs )
say ' Solved in ' moves ' moves . '
return
-- ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
method move ( discs = int 4 , tower From = int 1 , towerTo = int 2 , tower Via = int 3 , moves = int 0 ) public static
if discs == 1 then do
moves = moves + 1
say ' Move disc from peg ' tower From ' to peg ' towerTo '- Move No : ' Rexx ( moves ) . right ( 5 )
end
else do
moves = move ( discs - 1 , towerFrom , towerVia , towerTo , moves )
moves = move ( 1 , towerFrom , towerTo , towerVia , moves )
moves = move ( discs - 1 , towerVia , towerTo , towerFrom , moves )
end
return moves
Output :
Minimum moves to solution : 15 Move disc from peg 1 to peg 3 - Move No : 1
Move disc from peg 1 to peg 2 - Move No : 2
Move disc from peg 3 to peg 2 - Move No : 3
Move disc from peg 1 to peg 3 - Move No : 4
Move disc from peg 2 to peg 1 - Move No : 5
Move disc from peg 2 to peg 3 - Move No : 6
Move disc from peg 1 to peg 3 - Move No : 7
Move disc from peg 1 to peg 2 - Move No : 8
Move disc from peg 3 to peg 2 - Move No : 9
Move disc from peg 3 to peg 1 - Move No : 10 Move disc from peg 2 to peg 1 - Move No : 11
Move disc from peg 3 to peg 2 - Move No : 12
Move disc from peg 1 to peg 3 - Move No : 13
Move disc from peg 1 to peg 2 - Move No : 14
Move disc from peg 3 to peg 2 - Move No : 15 Solved in 15 moves .
( define ( move n from to via )
( if ( > n 0 )
( move ( - n 1 ) from via to
( print " move disk from pole " from " to pole " to "
" )
( move ( - n 1 ) via to from ) ) ) )
( move 4 1 2 3 )
proc hanoi ( disks : int , fromTower : string , toTower : string , viaTower : string ) =
if disks != 0 :
hanoi ( disks - 1 , fromTower , viaTower , toTower )
echo ( " Move disk " , disks , " from " , fromTower , " to " , toTower )
hanoi ( disks - 1 , viaTower , toTower , fromTower )
hanoi ( 4 , " 1 " , " 2 " , " 3 " )
Output :
Move disk 1 from 1 to 3
Move disk 2 from 1 to 2
Move disk 1 from 3 to 2 Move disk 3 from 1 to 3
Move disk 1 from 2 to 1 Move disk 2 from 2 to 3
Move disk 1 from 1 to 3 Move disk 4 from 1 to 2 Move disk 1 from 3 to 2 Move disk 2 from 3 to 1 Move disk 1 from 2 to 1 Move disk 3 from 3 to 2 Move disk 1 from 1 to 3 Move disk 2 from 1 to 2 Move disk 1 from 3 to 2
class Hanoi {
function : Main ( args : String [ ] ) ~ Nil {
Move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 ) ;
}
function : Move ( n : Int , f : Int , t : Int , v : Int ) ~ Nil {
if ( n = 1 ) {
" Move disk from pole { $f} to pole { $t} " -> PrintLine ( ) ;
}
else {
Move ( n - 1 , f , v , t ) ;
Move ( 1 , f , t , v ) ;
Move ( n - 1 , v , t , f ) ;
} ;
}
}
From here
Works with : GNUstep
It should be compatible with XCode / Cocoa on MacOS too .
The Interface - TowersOfHanoi.h :
#import < Foundation / NSObject.h >
@interface TowersOfHanoi : NSObject {
int pegFrom ;
int pegTo ;
int pegVia ;
int numDisks ;
}
- ( void ) setPegFrom : ( int ) from and SetPegTo : ( int ) to and SetPegVia : ( int ) via and SetNumDisks : ( int ) disks ;
- ( void ) movePegFrom : ( int ) from and MovePegTo : ( int ) to and MovePegVia : ( int ) via and WithNumDisks : ( int ) disks ;
@end
The Implementation - TowersOfHanoi.m :
#import " TowersOfHanoi . h "
@implementation TowersOfHanoi
- ( void ) setPegFrom : ( int ) from and SetPegTo : ( int ) to and SetPegVia : ( int ) via and SetNumDisks : ( int ) disks {
pegFrom = from ;
pegTo = to ;
pegVia = via ;
numDisks = disks ;
}
- ( void ) movePegFrom : ( int ) from and MovePegTo : ( int ) to and MovePegVia : ( int ) via and WithNumDisks : ( int ) disks {
if ( disks == 1 ) {
printf ( " Move disk from pole % i to pole %i
" , from , to ) ;
} else {
[ self movePegFrom : from and MovePegTo : via and MovePegVia : to and WithNumDisks : disks - 1 ] ;
[ self movePegFrom : from and MovePegTo : to and MovePegVia : via and WithNumDisks : 1 ] ;
[ self movePegFrom : via and MovePegTo : to and MovePegVia : from and WithNumDisks : disks - 1 ] ;
}
}
@end
Test code : TowersTest.m :
#import < stdio.h >
#import " TowersOfHanoi . h "
int main ( int argc , const char * argv [ ] ) {
@autoreleasepool {
TowersOfHanoi * tower = [ [ TowersOfHanoi alloc ] init ] ;
int from = 1 ;
int to = 3 ;
int via = 2 ;
int disks = 3 ;
[ tower setPegFrom : from and SetPegTo : to and SetPegVia : via and SetNumDisks : disks ] ;
[ tower movePegFrom : from and MovePegTo : to and MovePegVia : via and WithNumDisks : disks ] ;
}
return 0 ;
}
let rec hanoi n a b c =
if n <> 0 then begin
hanoi ( pred n ) a c b ;
Printf .
printf
" Move disk from pole %d to pole %d
" a b ;
hanoi ( pred n ) c b a
end
let ( ) =
hanoi 4 1 2 3
function hanoimove ( ndisks , from , to , via )
if ( ndisks == 1 )
printf ( " Move disk from pole %d to pole %d
" , from , to ) ;
else
hanoimove ( ndisks - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
hanoimove ( 1 , from , to , via ) ;
hanoimove ( ndisks - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
endif
endfunction
hanoimove ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 ) ;
: move(n , from , to , via )
n 0 > if True : [
move(n 1 - , from , via , to )
System .
Out " Move disk from " << from << " to " << to << cr
move(n 1 - , via , to , from )
] ;
5 $ left $ middle $ right ) move
declare
proc { TowersOfHanoi N From To Via }
if N > 0 then
{ TowersOfHanoi N - 1 From Via To }
{ System .
showInfo " Move from " # From # " to " # To }
{ TowersOfHanoi N - 1 Via To From }
end
end
in
{ TowersOfHanoi 4 left middle right }
Translation of : Python
\\ Towers of Hanoi
\\ 8/19/2016 aev
\\ Where : n - number of disks , sp - start pole , ep - end pole .
HanoiTowers ( n , sp , ep ) = {
if ( n != 0 ,
HanoiTowers ( n - 1 , sp , 6 - sp - ep ) ;
print ( " Move disk " , n , " from pole " , sp , " to pole " , ep ) ;
HanoiTowers ( n - 1 , 6 - sp - ep , ep ) ;
) ;
}
\\ Testing n=3 :
HanoiTowers ( 3 , 1 , 3 ) ;
Output :
> HanoiTower ( 3,1,3 ) ;
Move disk 1 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk 2 from pole 1 to pole 2
Move disk 1 from pole 3 to pole 2
Move disk 3 from pole 1 to pole 3
Move disk 1 from pole 2 to pole 1
Move disk 2 from pole 2 to pole 3
Move disk 1 from pole 1 to pole 3
I think it is standard pascal , except for the constant array " strPole " .
I am not sure if constant arrays are part of the standard .
However , as far as I know , they are a " de facto " standard in every compiler .
program Hanoi ;
type
TPole = ( tpLeft , tpCenter , tpRight ) ;
const
strPole : array [ TPole ] of string [ 6 ] = ( ' left ' , ' center ' , ' right ' ) ;
procedure MoveStack ( const Ndisks : integer ; const Origin , Destination , Auxiliary : TPole ) ;
begin
if Ndisks > 0 then begin
MoveStack ( Ndisks - 1 , Origin , Auxiliary , Destination ) ;
Writeln ( ' Move disk ' , Ndisks , ' from ' , strPole [ Origin ] , ' to ' , strPole [ Destination ] ) ;
MoveStack ( Ndisks - 1 , Auxiliary , Destination , origin ) ;
end ;
end ;
begin
MoveStack ( 4 , tpLeft , tpCenter , tpRight ) ;
end .
A little longer , but clearer for my taste
program Hanoi ;
type
TPole = ( tpLeft , tpCenter , tpRight ) ;
const
strPole : array [ TPole ] of string [ 6 ] = ( ' left ' , ' center ' , ' right ' ) ;
procedure MoveOneDisk ( const DiskNum : integer ; const Origin , Destination : TPole ) ;
begin
Writeln ( ' Move disk ' , DiskNum , ' from ' , strPole [ Origin ] , ' to ' , strPole [ Destination ] ) ;
end ;
procedure MoveStack ( const Ndisks : integer ; const Origin , Destination , Auxiliary : TPole ) ;
begin
if Ndisks = 1 then
MoveOneDisk ( 1 , origin , Destination )
else begin
MoveStack ( Ndisks - 1 , Origin , Auxiliary , Destination ) ;
MoveOneDisk ( Ndisks , origin , Destination ) ;
MoveStack ( Ndisks - 1 , Auxiliary , Destination , origin ) ;
end ;
end ;
begin
MoveStack ( 4 , tpLeft , tpCenter , tpRight ) ;
end .
sub hanoi {
my ( $n , $ from , $ to , $ via ) = ( @_ , 1 , 2 , 3 ) ;
if ( $ n == 1 ) {
print " Move disk from pole $ from to pole $ to .
" ;
} else {
hanoi ( $ n - 1 , $ from , $ via , $ to ) ;
hanoi ( 1 , $ from , $ to , $ via ) ;
hanoi ( $ n - 1 , $ via , $ to , $ from ) ;
} ;
} ;
constant poles = { " left " , " middle " , " right " }
enum left , middle , right
sequence disks
integer moves
procedure showpegs ( integer src , integer dest )
string desc = sprintf ( " %s to %s : " , {poles[src ] , poles[ dest ] } )
disks [ dest ] &= disks[src ] [ $ ]
disks [ src ] = disks[src ] [ 1.. $ - 1 ]
for i=1 to length ( disks ) do
printf ( 1 , " %- 16s | %s
" , {desc , join ( sq_add ( disks [ i ] , '0 ' ) , ' ') } )
desc = " "
end for
printf ( 1 , "
" )
moves += 1
end procedure
procedure hanoir ( integer n , src=left , dest=right , via=middle )
if n>0 then
hanoir ( n - 1 , src , via , dest )
showpegs ( src , dest )
hanoir ( n - 1 , via , dest , src )
end if
end procedure
procedure hanoi( integer n)
disks = { reverse ( tagset ( n ) ) , {} , {}}
moves = 0
hanoir(n )
printf ( 1 , " completed in %d moves
" , {moves} )
end procedure
hanoi( 3 )
Output :
left to right : | 3 2 | | 1 left to middle : | 3 | 2 | 1 right to middle : | 3 | 2 1 | left to right : | | 2 1 | 3 middle to left : | 1 | 2 | 3 middle to right : | 1 | | 3 2 left to right : | | | 3 2 1 completed in 7 moves
left to middle : | 4 3 2 | 1 | left to right : | 4 3 | 1 | 2 middle to right : | 4 3 | | 2 1 ... left to middle : | 2 | 1 | 4 3 left to right : | | 1 | 4 3 2 middle to right : | | | 4 3 2 1 completed in 15 moves
left to right : | 5 4 3 2 | | 1 left to middle : | 5 4 3 | 2 | 1 right to middle : | 5 4 3 | 2 1 | ... middle to left : | 1 | 2 | 5 4 3 middle to right : | 1 | | 5 4 3 2 left to right : | | | 5 4 3 2 1 completed in 31 moves
left to middle : | 6 5 4 3 2 | 1 | left to right : | 6 5 4 3 | 1 | 2 middle to right : | 6 5 4 3 | | 2 1 ... left to middle : | 2 | 1 | 6 5 4 3 left to right : | | 1 | 6 5 4 3 2 middle to right : | | | 6 5 4 3 2 1 completed in 63 moves
Translation of : C
module hanoi ;
extern printf ;
@ Void move ( @Integer n , @ Integer from , @ Integer to , @ Integer via ) [
if ( n > 0 ) {
move(n - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
printf ( " Move disk from pole %d to pole %d
" , from , to ) ;
move(n - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
}
]
@ Integer main [
move ( 4 , 1,2,3 ) ;
return 0 ;
]
Translation of : Java
function move ( $n , $ from , $ to , $ via ) {
if ( $ n === 1 ) {
print ( " Move disk from pole $ from to pole $ to " ) ;
} else {
move ( $ n - 1 , $ from , $ via , $ to ) ;
move ( 1 , $ from , $ to , $ via ) ;
move ( $ n - 1 , $ via , $ to , $ from ) ;
}
}
( de move ( N A B C ) # Use : ( move 3 ' left ' center ' right )
( unless ( =0 N )
( move ( dec N ) A C B )
( println ' Move ' disk ' from A ' to B )
( move ( dec N ) C B A ) ) )
Translation of : Fortran
tower : proc options ( main ) ;
call Move ( 4 , 1 , 2 , 3 ) ;
Move : procedure ( ndiscs , from , to , via ) recursive ;
declare ( ndiscs , from , to , via ) fixed binary ;
if ndiscs = 1 then
put skip edit ( ' Move disc from pole ' , trim ( from ) , ' to pole ' ,
trim ( to ) ) ( a ) ;
else
do ;
call Move ( ndiscs - 1 , from , via , to ) ;
call Move ( 1 , from , to , via ) ;
call Move ( ndiscs - 1 , via , to , from ) ;
end ;
end Move ;
end tower ;
ewcount \hanoidepth
\ def\hanoi#1 { %
\hanoidepth = # 1
\move abc
} %
\def\move #1#2#3{ %
\advance \hanoidepth by - 1
\ifnum \hanoidepth > 0
\move # 1#3#2
\fi
Move the upper disk from pole # 1 to pole # 3.\ par
\ifnum \hanoidepth > 0
\move#2#1#3
\fi
\advance \hanoidepth by 1
}
\hanoi{5}
\end
define hanoi( n , src , dst , via ) ;
if n > 0 then
hanoi( n - 1 , src , via , dst ) ;
' Move disk ' >< n >< ' from ' >< src >< ' to ' >< dst >< '.' =>
hanoi( n - 1 , via , dst , src ) ;
endif ;
enddefine ;
hanoi ( 4 , " left " , " middle " , " right " ) ;
A million - page document , each page showing one move .
%!PS- Adobe-3.0
%%BoundingBox : 0 0 300 300
/ plate {
exch 100 mul 50 add exch th mul 10 add moveto
dup s mul neg 2 div 0 rmoveto
dup s mul 0 rlineto
0 th rlineto
s neg mul 0 rlineto
closepath gsave .5 setgray fill grestore 0 setgray stroke
} def
/ drawtower {
0 1 2 { /x exch def /y 0 def
tower x get {
dup 0 gt { x y plate /y y 1 add def } {pop} ifelse
} forall
} for showpage
} def
/ apop { [ exch aload pop / last exch def ] last } def
/ apush { [ 3 1 roll aload pop counttomark - 1 roll ] } def
/hanoi {
0 dict begin / from / mid / to /h 5 - 1 2 { - 1 roll def } for
h 1 eq {
tower from get apop tower to get apush
tower to 3 - 1 roll put
tower from 3 - 1 roll put
drawtower
} {
/h h 1 sub def
from to mid h hanoi
from mid to 1 hanoi
mid from to h hanoi
} ifelse
end
} def
/n 12 def
/s 90 n div def
/ th 180 n div def
/ tower [ [n 1 add - 1 2 { } for ] [ ] [ ] ] def
drawtower 0 1 2 n hanoi
%%EOF
Works with : PowerShell version 4.0
function hanoi ( $n , $ a , $ b , $ c ) {
if ( $ n - eq 1 ) {
" $a -> $ c "
} else {
hanoi ( $n - 1 ) $ a $ c $ b
hanoi 1 $ a $ b $c
hanoi ( $ n - 1 ) $ b $ a $ c
}
}
hanoi 3 " A " " B " " C "
Output :
A -> C A -> B C -> B A -> C B -> A B -> C A -> C
From Programming in Prolog by W.F. Clocksin & C.S. Mellish
hanoi ( N ) :- move ( N , left , center , right ) .
move ( 0 , _ , _ , _ ) :- ! .
move ( N , A , B , C ) :-
M is N - 1 ,
move ( M , A , C , B ) ,
inform ( A , B ) ,
move ( M , C , B , A ) .
inform ( X , Y ) :- write ( [ move , a , disk , from , the , X , pole , to , Y , pole ] ) , nl .
Using DCGs and separating core logic from IO
hanoi ( N , Src , Aux , Dest , Moves - NMoves ) :-
NMoves is 2 ^N - 1 ,
length ( Moves , NMoves ) ,
phrase ( move ( N , Src , Aux , Dest ) , Moves ) .
move ( 1 , Src , _ , Dest ) -- > ! ,
[ Src - >
Dest ] .
move ( 2 , Src , Aux , Dest ) -- > ! ,
[ Src - >
Aux , Src - >
Dest , Aux - >
Dest ] .
move ( N , Src , Aux , Dest ) -- >
{ succ ( N0 , N ) } ,
move ( N0 , Src , Dest , Aux ) ,
move ( 1 , Src , Aux , Dest ) ,
move ( N0 , Aux , Src , Dest ) .
Algorithm according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Towers_of_Hanoi
Procedure Hanoi ( n , A.s , C.s , B.s )
If n
Hanoi ( n - 1 , A , B , C )
PrintN ( " Move the plate from " + A + " to " + C )
Hanoi ( n - 1 , B , C , A )
EndIf
EndProcedure
Full program
Procedure Hanoi ( n , A.s , C.s , B.s )
If n
Hanoi ( n - 1 , A , B , C )
PrintN ( " Move the plate from " + A + " to " + C )
Hanoi ( n - 1 , B , C , A )
EndIf
EndProcedure
If OpenConsole ( )
Define n = 3
PrintN ( " Moving " + Str ( n ) + " pegs . " + # CRLF $ )
Hanoi ( n , " Left Peg " , " Middle Peg " , " Right Peg " )
PrintN ( # CRLF $ + " Press ENTER to exit . " ) : Input ( )
EndIf
Output :
Moving 3 pegs .
Move the plate from Left Peg to Middle Peg Move the plate from Left Peg to Right Peg Move the plate from Middle Peg to Right Peg Move the plate from Left Peg to Middle Peg Move the plate from Right Peg to Left Peg Move the plate from Right Peg to Middle Peg Move the plate from Left Peg to Middle Peg Press ENTER to exit .
Recursive [ edit ]
def hanoi ( ndisks , startPeg = 1 , end Peg = 3 ) :
if ndisks :
hanoi ( ndisks - 1 , startPeg , 6 - startPeg-endPeg )
print " Move disk %d from peg %d to peg %d " % ( ndisks , startPeg , end Peg )
hanoi ( ndisks - 1 , 6 - startPeg-endPeg , end Peg )
hanoi ( ndisks = 4 )
Output :
Move disk 1 from peg 1 to peg 2
Move disk 2 from peg 1 to peg 3
Move disk 1 from peg 2 to peg 3
for ndisks=2
Or , separating the definition of the data from its display :
Works with : Python version 3.7
' '' Towers of Hanoi ' ' '
# hanoi :: Int -> String -> String -> String -> [ ( String , String ) ]
def hanoi ( n ) :
' ' ' A list of ( from , to ) label pairs ,
where a , b and c are labels for each of the
three Hanoi tower positions .'''
def go ( n , a , b , c ) :
p = n - 1
return (
go ( p , a , c , b ) + [ ( a , b ) ] + go ( p , c , b , a )
) if 0 < n else [ ]
return lambda a : lambda b : lambda c : go ( n , a , b , c )
# TEST ----------------------------------------------------
if __name__ == ' __main__ ' :
# fromTo :: ( String , String ) ->
String
def fromTo ( xy ) :
'' 'x -> y'' '
x , y = xy
return x. rjust ( 5 , ' ' ) + ' -> ' + y
print ( __doc__ + ':
' + '
' . join (
map ( fromTo , hanoi ( 4 ) ( ' left ' ) ( ' right ' ) ( ' mid ' ) )
) )
Output :
Towers of Hanoi : left -> mid left -> right mid -> right left -> mid right -> left right -> mid left -> mid left -> right mid -> right mid -> left right -> left mid -> right left -> mid left -> right mid -> right
Graphic [ edit ]
Refactoring the version above to recursively generate a simple visualisation :
Works with : Python version 3.7
' '' Towers of Hanoi ' ' '
from itertools import accumulate , chain , repeat
from inspect import signature
import operator
# hanoi :: Int -> [ ( Int , Int ) ]
def hanoi ( n ) :
' ' 'A list of index pairs , representing disk moves
between indexed Hanoi positions .
' ' '
def go ( n , a , b , c ) :
p = n - 1
return (
go ( p , a , c , b ) + [ ( a , b ) ] + go ( p , c , b , a )
) if 0 < n else [ ]
return go ( n , 0 , 2 , 1 )
# hanoiState :: ( [ Int ] , [ Int ] , [ Int ] , String ) -> ( Int , Int ) ->
# ( [ Int ] , [ Int ] , [ Int ] , String )
def hanoiState ( tpl , ab ) :
' ' ' A new Hanoi tower state ' ' '
a , b = ab
xs , ys = tpl [ a ] , tpl [ b ]
w = 3 * ( 2 + ( 2 * max ( map ( max , filter ( len , tpl [ :- 1 ] ) ) ) ) )
def delta ( i ) :
return tpl [ i ] if i not in ab else xs [ 1 : ] if (
i == a
) else [ xs [ 0 ] ] + ys
tkns = moveName ( ( ' left ' , ' mid ' , ' right ' ) ) ( ab )
caption = ' ' . join ( tkns )
return tuple ( map ( delta , [ 0 , 1 , 2 ] ) ) + (
( caption if tkns [ 0 ] != ' mid ' else caption .
rjust ( w , ' ' ) ) ,
)
# showHanoi :: ( [ Int ] , [ Int ] , [ Int ] , String ) ->
String
def showHanoi ( tpl ) :
' '' Captioned string representation of an updated Hanoi tower state . '''
def fullHeight ( n ) :
return lambda xs : list ( repeat ( '' , n - len ( xs ) ) ) + xs
mul = curry ( operator .
mul )
lt = curry ( operator .
lt )
rods = fmap ( fmap ( mul ( ' __ ' ) ) ) (
list ( tpl [ 0 : 3 ] )
)
h = max ( map ( len , rods ) )
w = 2 + max (
map (
compose ( max ) ( fmap ( len ) ) ,
filter ( compose ( lt ( 0 ) ) ( len ) , rods )
)
)
xs = fmap ( concat ) (
transpose ( fmap (
compose ( fmap ( center ( w ) ( ' ' ) ) ) (
fullHeight ( h )
)
) ( rods ) )
)
return tpl [ 3 ] + '
' + unlines ( xs ) + '
' + ( ' ___' * w )
# moveName :: ( String , String , String ) -> ( Int , Int ) -> [ String ]
def moveName ( labels ) :
' ' '( from , to ) index pair represented as an a -> b string .'''
def go ( ab ) :
a , b = ab
return [ labels [ a ] , ' to ' , labels [ b ] ] if a < b else [
labels [ b ] , ' from ' , labels [ a ]
]
return lambda ab : go ( ab )
# TEST ----------------------------------------------------
def main ( ) :
''' Visualisation of a Hanoi tower sequence for N discs .
' ' '
n = 3
print ( ' Hanoi sequence for ' + str ( n ) + ' disks :
' )
print ( unlines (
fmap ( showHanoi ) (
scanl ( hanoiState ) (
( enumFromTo ( 1 ) ( n ) , [ ] , [ ] , '' )
) ( hanoi ( n ) )
)
) )
# GENERIC -------------------------------------------------
# center :: Int -> Char ->
String ->
String
def center ( n ) :
' '' String s padded with c to approximate centre ,
fitting in but not truncated to width n.'''
return lambda c : lambda s : s. center ( n , c )
# compose ( <<<) :: ( b -> c ) -> ( a -> b ) -> a -> c
def compose ( g ) :
' '' Right to left function composition . '''
return lambda f : lambda x : g ( f ( x ) )
# concat :: [ [ a ] ] -> [ a ]
# concat :: [ String ] ->
String
def concat ( xs ) :
' '' The concatenation of all the elements
in a list or iterable . '''
def f ( ys ) :
zs = list ( chain ( *ys ) )
return '' . join ( zs ) if isinstance ( ys [ 0 ] , str ) else zs
return (
f ( xs ) if isinstance ( xs , list ) else (
chain .
from_iterable ( xs )
)
) if xs else [ ]
# curry :: ( ( a , b ) -> c ) -> a -> b -> c
def curry ( f ) :
' ' 'A curried function derived
from an uncurried function .'''
if 1 < len ( signature ( f ) .
parameters ) :
return lambda x : lambda y : f ( x , y )
else :
return f
# enumFromTo :: ( Int , Int ) -> [ Int ]
def enumFromTo ( m ) :
' '' Integer enumeration from m to n .'''
return lambda n : list ( range ( m , 1 + n ) )
# fmap :: ( a -> b ) -> [ a ] -> [ b ]
def fmap ( f ) :
' '' fmap over a list .
f lifted to a function over a list .
' ' '
return lambda xs : list ( map ( f , xs ) )
# scanl :: ( b -> a -> b ) -> b -> [ a ] -> [ b ]
def scanl ( f ) :
' '' scanl is like reduce , but returns a succession of
intermediate values , building from the left .
' ' '
return lambda a : lambda xs : (
accumulate ( chain ( [ a ] , xs ) , f )
)
# showLog :: a -> IO String
def showLog ( *s ) :
' '' Arguments printed with
intercalated arrows .'''
print (
' -> ' . join ( map ( str , s ) )
)
# transpose :: Matrix a ->
Matrix a
def transpose ( m ) :
' '' The rows and columns of the argument transposed .
( The matrix containers and rows can be lists or tuples ) .
' ' '
if m :
inner = type ( m [ 0 ] )
z = zip ( * m )
return ( type ( m ) ) (
map ( inner , z ) if tuple != inner else z
)
else :
return m
# unlines :: [ String ] ->
String
def unlines ( xs ) :
' ' 'A single string derived by the intercalation
of a list of strings with the newline character .
' ' '
return '
' . join ( xs )
# TEST ----------------------------------------------------
if __name__ == ' __main__ ' :
main ( )
Hanoi sequence for 3 disks : __ ____ ______ ________________________
left to right ____ ______ __ ________________________ left to mid ______ ____ __ ________________________
mid from right __ ______ ____ ________________________
left to right __ ____ ______ ________________________
left from mid __ ____ ______ ________________________
mid to right ____ __ ______ ________________________
left to right __ ____ ______ ________________________
There is a 3D hanoi - game in the examples that come with VPython , and at github .
' This is implemented on the Quite BASIC website ' http://www.quitebasic.com/prj/puzzle/towers-of-hanoi/
1000 REM Towers of Hanoi
1010 REM Quite BASIC Puzzle Project
1020 CLS
1030 PRINT " Towers of Hanoi "
1040 PRINT
1050 PRINT " This is a recursive solution for seven discs . "
1060 PRINT
1070 PRINT " See the REM statements in the program if you did n't think that recursion was possible in classic BASIC ! "
1080 REM Yep , recursive GOSUB calls works in Quite BASIC !
1090 REM
However , to actually write useful recursive algorithms , it helps to have variable scoping and parameters to subroutines -- something classic BASIC is lacking .
In this case we have only one " parameter " -- the variable N. And subroutines are always called with N - 1 .
This is lucky for us because we can keep track of the value by decrementing it when we enter subroutines and incrementing it back when we exit .
1100 REM
If we had subroutine parameters we could have written a single subroutine for moving discs from peg P to peg Q where P and Q were subroutine parameters , but no such luck .
Instead we have to write six different subroutines for moving from peg to peg .
See Subroutines 4000 , 5000 , 6000 , 7000 , 8000 , and 9000 .
1110 REM ===============================
2000 REM A , B , and C are arrays holding the discs
2010 REM
We refer to the corresponding pegs as peg A , B , and C
2020 ARRAY A
2030 ARRAY B
2040 ARRAY C
2050 REM Fill peg A with seven discs
2060 FOR I = 0 TO 6
2070 LET A[ I ] = 7 - I
2080 NEXT I
2090 REM X , Y , Z hold the number of discs on pegs A , B , and C
2100 LET X = 7
2110 LET Y = 0
2120 LET Z = 0
2130 REM Disc colors
2140 ARRAY P
2150 LET P[ 1 ] = " cyan "
2160 LET P[ 2 ] = " blue "
2170 LET P[ 3 ] = " green "
2180 LET P[ 4 ] = " yellow "
2190 LET P[ 5 ] = " magenta "
2200 LET P[ 6 ] = " orange "
2210 LET P[ 7 ] = " red "
2220 REM
Draw initial position -- all discs on the A peg
2230 FOR I = 0 TO 6
2240 FOR J = 8 - A[ I ] TO 8 + A [ I ]
2250 PLOT J , I , P [ A [ I ] ]
2260 NEXT J
2270 NEXT I
2280 REM N is the number of discs to move
2290 LET N = 7
2320 REM
Move all discs from peg A to peg B
2310 GOSUB 6000
2320 END
3000 REM
The subroutines 3400 , 3500 , 3600 , 3700 , 3800 , 3900
3010 REM handle the drawing of the discs on the canvas as we
3020 REM move discs from one peg to another .
3030 REM
These subroutines also update the variables X , Y , and Z
3040 REM which hold the number of discs on each peg .
3050 REM ==============================
3400 REM Subroutine --
Remove disc from peg A
3410 LET X = X - 1
3420 FOR I = 8 - A [ X ] TO 8 + A [ X ]
3430 PLOT I , X , " gray "
3440 NEXT I
3450 RETURN
3500 REM Subroutine --
Add disc to peg A
3510 FOR I = 8 - A [ X ] TO 8 + A [ X ]
3520 PLOT I , X , P [ A [ X ] ]
3530 NEXT I
3540 LET X = X + 1
3550 PAUSE 400 * ( 5 - LEVEL ) + 10
3560 RETURN
3600 REM Subroutine --
Remove disc from peg B
3610 LET Y = Y - 1
3620 FOR I = 24 - B [ Y ] TO 24 + B [ Y ]
3630 PLOT I , Y , " gray "
3640 NEXT I
3650 RETURN
3700 REM Subroutine --
Add disc to peg B
3710 FOR I = 24 - B [ Y ] TO 24 + B [ Y ]
3720 PLOT I , Y , P [ B [ Y ] ]
3730 NEXT I
3740 LET Y = Y + 1
3750 PAUSE 400 * ( 5 - LEVEL ) + 10
3760 RETURN
3800 REM Subroutine --
Remove disc from peg C
3810 LET Z = Z - 1
3820 FOR I = 40 - C[ Z ] TO 40 + C[ Z ]
3830 PLOT I , Z , " gray "
3840 NEXT I
3850 RETURN
3900 REM Subroutine --
Add disc to peg C
3910 FOR I = 40 - C[ Z ] TO 40 + C[ Z ]
3920 PLOT I , Z , P [ C [ Z ] ]
3930 NEXT I
3940 LET Z = Z + 1
3950 PAUSE 400 * ( 5 - LEVEL ) + 10
3960 RETURN
4000 REM ======================================
4010 REM Recursive Subroutine -- move N discs from peg B to peg A
4020 REM
First move N - 1 discs from peg B to peg C
4030 LET N = N - 1
4040 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 9000
4050 REM
Then move one disc from peg B to peg A
4060 GOSUB 3600
4070 LET A [ X ] = B[ Y ]
4080 GOSUB 3500
4090 REM
And finally move N - 1 discs from peg C to peg A
4100 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 5000
4110 REM Restore N before returning
4120 LET N = N + 1
4130 RETURN
5000 REM ======================================
5010 REM Recursive Subroutine --
Move N discs from peg C to peg A
5020 REM
First move N - 1 discs from peg C to peg B
5030 LET N = N - 1
5040 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 8000
5050 REM
Then move one disc from peg C to peg A
5060 GOSUB 3800
5070 LET A [ X ] = C[ Z ]
5080 GOSUB 3500
5090 REM
And finally move N - 1 discs from peg B to peg A
5100 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 4000
5120 REM Restore N before returning
5130 LET N = N + 1
5140 RETURN
6000 REM ======================================
6000 REM Recursive Subroutine --
Move N discs from peg A to peg B
6010 REM
First move N - 1 discs from peg A to peg C
6020 LET N = N - 1
6030 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 7000
6040 REM
Then move one disc from peg A to peg B
6050 GOSUB 3400
6060 LET B[ Y ] = A [ X ]
6070 GOSUB 3700
6090 REM
And finally move N - 1 discs from peg C to peg B
6100 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 8000
6110 REM Restore N before returning
6120 LET N = N + 1
6130 RETURN
7000 REM ======================================
7010 REM Recursive Subroutine --
Move N discs from peg A to peg C
7020 REM
First move N - 1 discs from peg A to peg B
7030 LET N = N - 1
7040 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 6000
7050 REM
Then move one disc from peg A to peg C
7060 GOSUB 3400
7070 LET C[ Z ] = A [ X ]
7080 GOSUB 3900
7090 REM
And finally move N - 1 discs from peg B to peg C
7100 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 9000
7110 REM Restore N before returning
7120 LET N = N + 1
7130 RETURN
8000 REM ======================================
8010 REM Recursive Subroutine --
Move N discs from peg C to peg B
8020 REM
First move N - 1 discs from peg C to peg A
8030 LET N = N - 1
8040 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 5000
8050 REM
Then move one disc from peg C to peg B
8060 GOSUB 3800
8070 LET B[ Y ] = C[ Z ]
8080 GOSUB 3700
8090 REM
And finally move N - 1 discs from peg A to peg B
8100 IF N <> 0 THEN GOSUB 6000
8110 REM Restore N before returning
8120 LET N = N + 1
8130 RETURN
9000 REM ==============
" When people live where the weather is colder and they are more covered with clothing , they depend on their diet for their vitamin D , " reports Raymond Hobbs , MD. Dr. Hobbs ’ study in the January / February issue of Endocrine Practice reveals that Detroit - area Arab - American women who wear the hijab , modest dress with headscarf , receive approximately half of the vitamin D of their western - dressed Arab - American neighbors .
Hypovitaminosis D , or vitamin D deficiency , is associated with bone fractures , osteoporosis , neurological disorders , cardiac events , and even diabetes .
A mere 30 ng / mL concentration of vitamin D is considered healthy .
The conservatively dressed women in Dr. Hobbs ’ study presented concentrations of only 4ng / mL , versus a still - paltry 8.5ng / mL in their western - dressed counterparts .
They ’re not alone .
Studies in other regions of the United States showed average adult vitamin D levels hovering around the between 15 and 25ng / mL , with vastly better levels in the summer .
In temperate locations like the Sunshine State , the prognosis was slightly better .
Levis , et al reported vitamin D levels higher than 20ng / mL in Floridans .
But across the board , women lagged behind men .
This is especially alarming given the risk of infant bone muscle deformities related to low maternal vitamin D.
The prevailing attitude among researchers is that a little sunshine could do us all a lot of good .
This does n’t negate the need for sunblock , but keeping it to the lowest necessary SPF helps to retain the sun ’s beneficial effect .
Artificial sun in a tanning bed has a similar effect .
A good sushi dinner is another popular recommendation .
Oily fish such as cooked or uncooked salmon can provide a full day ’s supply of vitamin D in a single serving .
Barring that , there is vitamin D fortified milk and orange juice , or good ol ’ dietary supplements .
" Our findings are consistent with those of similar studies in other parts of the world and underscore the point that there are pockets ofindividuals who are at risk for culturally mediated health problems , " underscored Hobbes .
" We need to raise their awareness of this deficiency and to offer them options for increasing their vitamin D levels .
A vitamin D supplement is a start .
" Grant , WB , &Holick , MF. ( 2005 ) .
Benefits and requirements of vitamin D for optimal health : a review .
Alternative medicine review , 10 ( 2 ) , 94-111.Silvina Levis , Angela Gomez , Camilo Jimenez , Luis Veras , Fangchao Ma , Shenghan Lai , Bruce Hollis , and Bernard A. Roos.
Vitamin D Deficiency and Seasonal Variation in an Adult South Florida Population .J. Clin. Endocrinol .
Metab . ( 2004 ) 90 : 1557 -1562 ;S. Penckofer , J. Kouba , D. E. Wallis , and M. A. Emanuele .
Vitamin D and Diabetes : Let the Sunshine In .
The Diabetes Educator , November 1 , 2008 ; 34( 6 ) : 939 - 954 .
In my ongoing struggle to avoid working for a living , I ’ve invested a lot in my joke - telling ambitions .
I ’ve taken writing classes , standup classes , improv classes and read a appalling number of books on comedy technique .
I now write for a living .
Here ’s the most important stuff I learned .
For you , it ’s free .
1 . COMEDY COMES FROM SABATOGING EXPECTATIONS -
If a penguin falls into icy water , it ’s not particularly funny .
If a penguin falls into a volcano , it ’s funny .
2 . COMEDY COMES FROM CRUELTY - Drama takes something mundane and inflates it .
Comedy takes something elevated and disgraces it .
In order to be funny , you need a heap of negative opinions .
Maybe that ’s why so many comedians are loveless assholes with a penchant for suicide .
3 . FUNNY THINGS COME IN THREES - Start making lists of one normal thing , another normal thing , and then a weird thing .
For example : “ I ’m really into physical activities … tennis… tae kwon do… rape . ”
See ?
4 . CERTAIN WORDS ARE ALWAYS FUNNY - Like raccoons , certain noises you can make with your tongue yield inexhaustible comedy returns .
The funniest sound in English is the hard “ k. ”
The funniest word in the language is “ ker- plunk . ”
Which has one less “ k ” than “ cocksucker . ”
Or “ KKK . ”
But it ’s still the funniest .
5 . COMEDY COMES FROM A CHARACTER -
No combination of sounds will generate as much mirth as a well - defined , somewhat relatable character .
When you do standup , you are the character .
Your character must be somewhat likeable .
At least until you ’re marginally famous .
Then it ’s okay to come on stage as the incorrigible turd you always were .
6 . COMEDY COMES FROM YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOUR AUDIENCE - Establish rapport .
It ’s easy .
Ask someone for his name .
( In the early stages , “ riffing ” with dudes is a lot less dicey . )
Repeat it into the microphone , in case anyone mentioned it .
Ask him what he does for a living .
Repeat it into the microphone , in case anyone missed it .
Insult him .
Ninety percent of Zach Galifianakis ' show is now insulting what the audience does for a living .
7 . IT REALLY IS SUBJECTIVE - A good comedy instructor teaches technique , not opinion .
If a teacher ever tells you your I ’m - a - Jew bit is “ not funny , ” or even “ really funny , ” hit the door and do n’t look back .
Comedy teachers who think they know what ’s objectively “ funny ” are so full of shit their hair wo n’t turn grey .
VitaminWater Making Deceptive Health Claims ?
The Center for Science in the Public Interest has slapped a lawsuit on Coca - Cola , maker of VitaminWater drinks , calling its marketing claims unsubstantiated and deceptive .
Coca - Cola 's retort called the suit " ridiculous . "
As further finger - pointing plays out , how should consumers decipher punchy buzzwords like " triple antioxidants " and " definitely au natural " on some of the bottles ' labels ?
Katherine Hobson , U.S. News 's On Fitness blogger , helps you make sense of VitaminWater 's nutrition labels .
In other food news , Hobson blogs about author Barry Popkin 's explanation of why the world is fat .
An interesting tidbit from his new book , The World Is Fat :
The average American gets 400 calories a day from beverages .
A 20 - ounce bottle of VitaminWater , notes Hobson , packs 125 calories .
Hormone Replacement Therapy : Both Good and Bad for the Female Brain ?
U.S. News 's Bernadine Healy , M.D. , ponders a paradox of estrogen , which has been called " the memory molecule . "
Hormone replacement therapy , which contains estrogen , was found to shrink some older women 's brains , a change associated with Alzheimer 's , in a recent study out of Wake Forest University .
Healy draws attention to a particular aspect of the findings , which may be too easily overlooked , noting : Brain shrinkage and accelerated development of Alzheimer 's were not observed in all older women on the hormones but mainly in those whose brains were already deteriorating .
The finding has neuroscientists all atwitter , because it may help clarify the nature of estrogen , which giveth ( it aids the growth of new neurons ) and also taketh away ( estrogen can slay neurons , says Healy , if they 're already weak ) .
Getting Coverage : SCHIP Moves in Congress ; Tips on Avoiding COBRA 's Bite
With Barack Obama assuming the presidency next week , Democrats in Congress have been pushing reauthorization of the State Children 's Health Insurance Program to cover 4 million more lower - income kids , writes U.S. News 's Michelle Andrews .
But the bill , if signed , would still likely leave 5 million kids without coverage because their families make too much money — roughly $ 40,000 or more for a family of four .
And as the economy continues to grind perilously close to a halt , more workers are getting handed their walking papers .
COBRA , an extension of insurance coverage paid by the beneficiary after being let go , can be painfully expensive .
Andrews offers 4 ways to avoid COBRA 's bite .
The Six Enneads
By Plotinus
Commentary : Many comments have been posted about The Six Enneads .
Download : A text - only version is available for download .
The Six Enneads
By Plotinus
Written 250 A.C.E .
Translated by Stephen Mackenna and B. S. Page By Plotinus Written 250 A.C.E. Translated by Stephen Mackenna and B. S. Page
Table of Contents
The First Ennead
First Tractate
THE ANIMATE AND THE MAN .
1. Pleasure and distress , fear and courage , desire and aversion , where have these affections and experiences their seat ?
Clearly , either in the Soul alone , or in the Soul as employing the body , or in some third entity deriving from both .
And for this third entity , again , there are two possible modes : it might be either a blend or a distinct form due to the blending .
And what applies to the affections applies also to whatsoever acts , physical or mental , spring from them .
We have , therefore , to examine discursive - reason and the ordinary mental action upon objects of sense , and enquire whether these have the one seat with the affections and experiences , or perhaps sometimes the one seat , sometimes another .
And we must consider also our acts of Intellection , their mode and their seat .
And this very examining principle , which investigates and decides in these matters , must be brought to light .
Firstly , what is the seat of Sense - Perception ?
This is the obvious beginning since the affections and experiences either are sensations of some kind or at least never occur apart from sensation .
2 . This first enquiry obliges us to consider at the outset the nature of the Soul - that is whether a distinction is to be made between Soul and Essential Soul [ between an individual Soul and the Soul - Kind in itself ] . *
* All matter shown in brackets is added by the translator for clearness ' sake and , therefore , is not canonical .
S.M .
If such a distinction holds , then the Soul [ in man ] is some sort of a composite and at once we may agree that it is a recipient and - if only reason allows - that all the affections and experiences really have their seat in the Soul , and with the affections every state and mood , good and bad alike .
But if Soul [ in man ] and Essential Soul are one and the same , then the Soul will be an Ideal - Form unreceptive of all those activities which it imparts to another Kind but possessing within itself that native
Act of its own which Reason manifests .
If this be so , then , indeed , we may think of the Soul as an immortal - if the immortal , the imperishable , must be impassive , giving out something of itself but itself taking nothing from without except for what it receives from the Existents prior to itself from which Existents , in that they are the nobler , it can not be sundered .
Now what could bring fear to a nature thus unreceptive of all the outer ?
Fear demands feeling .
Nor is there place for courage : courage implies the presence of danger .
And such desires as are satisfied by the filling or voiding of the body , must be proper to something very different from the Soul , to that only which admits of replenishment and voidance .
And how could the Soul lend itself to any admixture ?
An essential is not mixed .
Or of the intrusion of anything alien ?
If it did , it would be seeking the destruction of its own nature .
Pain must be equally far from it .
And Grief - how or for what could it grieve ?
Whatever possesses Existence is supremely free , dwelling , unchangeable , within its own peculiar nature .
And can any increase bring joy , where nothing , not even anything good , can accrue ?
What such an Existent is , it is unchangeably .
Thus assuredly Sense - Perception , Discursive - Reasoning ; and all our ordinary mentation are foreign to the Soul : for sensation is a receiving - whether of an Ideal - Form or of an impassive body - and reasoning and all ordinary mental action deal with sensation .
The question still remains to be examined in the matter of the intellections - whether these are to be assigned to the Soul - and as to Pure - Pleasure , whether this belongs to the Soul in its solitary state .
3 . We may treat of the Soul as in the body - whether it be set above it or actually within it - since the association of the two constitutes the one thing called the living organism , the Animate .
Now from this relation , from the Soul using the body as an instrument , it does not follow that the Soul must share the body 's experiences : a man does not himself feel all the experiences of the tools with which he is working .
It may be objected that the Soul must however , have Sense - Perception since its use of its instrument must acquaint it with the external conditions , and such knowledge comes by way of sense .
Thus , it will be argued , the eyes are the instrument of seeing , and seeing may bring distress to the soul : hence the Soul may feel sorrow and pain and every other affection that belongs to the body ; and from this again will spring desire , the Soul seeking the mending of its instrument .
But , we ask , how , possibly , can these affections pass from body to Soul ?
Body may communicate qualities or conditions to another body : but - body to Soul ?
Something happens to A ; does that make it happen to B ?
As long as we have agent and instrument , there are two distinct entities ; if the Soul uses the body it is separate from it .
But apart from the philosophical separation how does Soul stand to body ?
Clearly there is a combination .
And for this several modes are possible .
There might be a complete coalescence :
Soul might be interwoven through the body : or it might be an Ideal - Form detached or an Ideal - Form in governing contact like a pilot : or there might be part of the Soul detached and another part in contact , the disjoined part being the agent or user , the conjoined part ranking with the instrument or thing used .
In this last case it will be the double task of philosophy to direct this lower Soul towards the higher , the agent , and except in so far as the conjunction is absolutely necessary , to sever the agent from the instrument , the body , so that it need not forever have its
Act upon or through this inferior .
4 . Let us consider , then , the hypothesis of a coalescence .
Now if there is a coalescence , the lower is ennobled , the nobler degraded ; the body is raised in the scale of being as made participant in life ; the Soul , as associated with death and unreason , is brought lower .
How can a lessening of the life - quality produce an increase such as Sense - Perception ?
No : the body has acquired life , it is the body that will acquire , with life , sensation and the affections coming by sensation .
Desire , then , will belong to the body , as the objects of desire are to be enjoyed by the body .
And fear , too , will belong to the body alone ; for it is the body 's doom to fail of its joys and to perish .
Then again we should have to examine how such a coalescence could be conceived : we might find it impossible : perhaps all this is like announcing the coalescence of things utterly incongruous in kind , let us say of a line and whiteness .
Next for the suggestion that the Soul is interwoven through the body : such a relation would not give woof and warp community of sensation : the interwoven element might very well suffer no change : the permeating soul might remain entirely untouched by what affects the body - as light goes always free of all it floods - and all the more so , since , precisely , we are asked to consider it as diffused throughout the entire frame .
Under such an interweaving , then , the Soul would not be subjected to the body 's affections and experiences : it would be present rather as Ideal - Form in Matter .
Let us then suppose Soul to be in body as Ideal - Form in Matter .
Now if - the first possibility - the Soul is an essence , a self - existent , it can be present only as separable form and will therefore all the more decidedly be the Using - Principle [ and therefore unaffected ] .
Suppose , next , the Soul to be present like axe - form on iron : here , no doubt , the form is all important but it is still the axe , the complement of iron and form , that effects whatever is effected by the iron thus modified : on this analogy , therefore , we are even more strictly compelled to assign all the experiences of the combination to the body : their natural seat is the material member , the instrument , the potential recipient of life .
Compare the passage where we read * that " it is absurd to suppose that the Soul weaves " ; equally absurd to think of it as desiring , grieving .
All this is rather in the province of something which we may call the Animate .
* " We read " translates " he says " of the text , and always indicates a reference to Plato , whose name does not appear in the translation except where it was written by Plotinus .
S.M.
5 . Now this Animate might be merely the body as having life : it might be the Couplement of Soul and body : it might be a third and different entity formed from both .
The Soul in turn - apart from the nature of the Animate - must be either impassive , merely causing Sense - Perception in its yoke - fellow , or sympathetic ; and , if sympathetic , it may have identical experiences with its fellow or merely correspondent experiences : desire for example in the Animate may be something quite distinct from the accompanying movement or state in the desiring faculty .
The body , the live - body as we know it , we will consider later .
Let us take first the Couplement of body and Soul .
How could suffering , for example , be seated in this Couplement ?
It may be suggested that some unwelcome state of the body produces a distress which reaches to a Sensitive - Faculty which in turn merges into Soul .
But this account still leaves the origin of the sensation unexplained .
Another suggestion might be that all is due to an opinion or judgement : some evil seems to have befallen the man or his belongings and this conviction sets up a state of trouble in the body and in the entire Animate .
But this account leaves still a question as to the source and seat of the judgement : does it belong to the Soul or to the Couplement ?
Besides , the judgement that evil is present does not involve the feeling of grief : the judgement might very well arise and the grief by no means follow : one may think oneself slighted and yet not be angry ; and the appetite is not necessarily excited by the thought of a pleasure .
We are , thus , no nearer than before to any warrant for assigning these affections to the Couplement .
Is it any explanation to say that desire is vested in a Faculty - of - desire and anger in the Irascible - Faculty and , collectively , that all tendency is seated in the Appetitive - Faculty ?
Such a statement of the facts does not help towards making the affections common to the Couplement ; they might still be seated either in the Soul alone or in the body alone .
On the one hand if the appetite is to be stirred , as in the carnal passion , there must be a heating of the blood and the bile , a well - defined state of the body ; on the other hand , the impulse towards The Good cannot be a joint affection , but , like certain others too , it would belong necessarily to the Soul alone .
Reason , then , does not permit us to assign all the affections to the Couplement .
In the case of carnal desire , it will certainly be the Man that desires , and yet , on the other hand , there must be desire in the Desiring - Faculty as well .
How can this be ?
Are we to suppose that , when the man originates the desire , the Desiring - Faculty moves to the order ?
How could the Man have come to desire at all unless through a prior activity in the Desiring - Faculty ?
Then it is the Desiring - Faculty that takes the lead ?
Yet how , unless the body be first in the appropriate condition ?
6 . It may seem reasonable to lay down as a law that when any powers are contained by a recipient , every action or state expressive of them must be the action or state of that recipient , they themselves remaining unaffected as merely furnishing efficiency .
But if this were so , then , since the Animate is the recipient of the Causing - Principle [ i.e. , the Soul ] which brings life to the Couplement , this Cause must itself remain unaffected , all the experiences and expressive activities of the life being vested in the recipient , the Animate .
But this would mean that life itself belongs not to the Soul but to the Couplement ; or at least the life of the Couplement would not be the life of the Soul ; Sense - Perception would belong not to the Sensitive - Faculty but to the container of the faculty .
But if sensation is a movement traversing the body and culminating in Soul , how the soul lack sensation ?
The very presence of the Sensitive - Faculty must assure sensation to the Soul .
Once again , where is Sense - Perception seated ?
In the Couplement .
Yet how can the Couplement have sensation independently of action in the Sensitive - Faculty , the Soul left out of count and the Soul - Faculty ?
7 . The truth lies in the Consideration that the Couplement subsists by virtue of the Soul 's presence .
This , however , is not to say that the Soul gives itself as it is in itself to form either the Couplement or the body .
No ; from the organized body and something else , let us say a light , which the Soul gives forth from itself , it forms a distinct Principle , the Animate ; and in this Principle are vested Sense - Perception and all the other experiences found to belong to the Animate .
But the " We " ?
How have We Sense - Perception ?
By the fact that We are not separate from the Animate so constituted , even though certainly other and nobler elements go to make up the entire many - sided nature of Man .
The faculty of perception in the Soul cannot act by the immediate grasping of sensible objects , but only by the discerning of impressions printed upon the Animate by sensation : these impressions are already Intelligibles while the outer sensation is a mere phantom of the other [ of that in the Soul ] which is nearer to Authentic - Existence as being an impassive reading of Ideal - Forms .
And by means of these Ideal - Forms , by which the Soul wields single lordship over the Animate , we have Discursive - Reasoning , Sense - Knowledge and Intellection .
From this moment we have peculiarly the We : before this there was only the " Ours " ; but at this stage stands the WE [ the authentic Human - Principle ] loftily presiding over the Animate .
There is no reason why the entire compound entity should not be described as the Animate or Living - Being - mingled in a lower phase , but above that point the beginning of the veritable man , distinct from all that is kin to the lion , all that is of the order of the multiple brute .
And since The Man , so understood , is essentially the associate of the reasoning Soul , in our reasoning it is this " We " that reasons , in that the use and act of reason is a characteristic Act of the Soul .
8 . And towards the Intellectual - Principle what is our relation ?
By this I mean , not that faculty in the soul which is one of the emanations from the Intellectual - Principle , but The Intellectual - Principle itself [ Divine - Mind ] .
This also we possess as the summit of our being .
And we have
It either as common to all or as our own immediate possession : or again we may possess
It in both degrees , that is in common , since
It is indivisible - one , everywhere and always Its entire self - and severally in that each personality possesses
It entire in the First - Soul [ i.e. in the Intellectual as distinguished from the lower phase of the Soul ] .
Hence we possess the Ideal - Forms also after two modes : in the Soul , as it were unrolled and separate ; in the Intellectual - Principle , concentrated , one .
And how do we possess the Divinity ?
In that the Divinity is contained in the Intellectual - Principle and Authentic - Existence ; and We come third in order after these two , for the We is constituted by a union of the supreme , the undivided Soul - we read - and that Soul which is divided among [ living ] bodies .
For , note , we inevitably think of the Soul , though one undivided in the All , as being present to bodies in division : in so far as any bodies are Animates , the Soul has given itself to each of the separate material masses ; or rather it appears to be present in the bodies by the fact that it shines into them : it makes them living beings not by merging into body but by giving forth , without any change in itself , images or likenesses of itself like one face caught by many mirrors .
The first of these images is Sense - Perception seated in the Couplement ; and from this downwards all the successive images are to be recognized as phases of the Soul in lessening succession from one another , until the series ends in the faculties of generation and growth and of all production of offspring - offspring efficient in its turn , in contradistinction to the engendering Soul which [ has no direct action within matter but ] produces by mere inclination towards what it fashions .
9 . That Soul , then , in us , will in its nature stand apart from all that can cause any of the evils which man does or suffers ; for all such evil , as we have seen , belongs only to the Animate , the Couplement .
But there is a difficulty in understanding how the Soul can go guiltless if our mentation and reasoning are vested in it : for all this lower kind of knowledge is delusion and is the cause of much of what is evil .
When we have done evil it is because we have been worsted by our baser side - for a man is many - by desire or rage or some evil image : the misnamed reasoning that takes up with the false , in reality fancy , has not stayed for the judgement of the Reasoning - Principle : we have acted at the call of the less worthy , just as in matters of the sense - sphere we sometimes see falsely because we credit only the lower perception , that of the Couplement , without applying the tests of the Reasoning - Faculty .
The Intellectual - Principle has held aloof from the act and so is guiltless ; or , as we may state it , all depends on whether we ourselves have or have not put ourselves in touch with the Intellectual - Realm either in the Intellectual - Principle or within ourselves ; for it is possible at once to possess and not to use .
Thus we have marked off what belongs to the Couplement from what stands by itself : the one group has the character of body and never exists apart from body , while all that has no need of body for its manifestation belongs peculiarly to Soul : and the Understanding , as passing judgement upon Sense - Impressions , is at the point of the vision of Ideal - Forms , seeing them as it were with an answering sensation ( i.e , with consciousness ) this last is at any rate true of the Understanding in the Veritable Soul .
For Understanding , the true , is the Act of the Intellections : in many of its manifestations it is the assimilation and reconciliation of the outer to the inner .
Thus in spite of all , the Soul is at peace as to itself and within itself : all the changes and all the turmoil we experience are the issue of what is subjoined to the Soul , and are , as have said , the states and experiences of this elusive " Couplement . "
10 .
It will be objected , that if the Soul constitutes the We [ the personality ] and We are subject to these states then the Soul must be subject to them , and similarly that what We do must be done by the Soul .
But it has been observed that the Couplement , too- especially before our emancipation - is a member of this total We , and in fact what the body experiences we say We experience .
This then covers two distinct notions ; sometimes it includes the brute - part , sometimes it transcends the brute .
The body is brute touched to life ; the true man is the other , going pure of the body , natively endowed with the virtues which belong to the Intellectual - Activity , virtues whose seat is the Separate Soul , the Soul which even in its dwelling here may be kept apart .
[ This Soul constitutes the human being ] for when it has wholly withdrawn , that other Soul which is a radiation [ or emanation ] from it withdraws also , drawn after it .
Those virtues , on the other hand , which spring not from contemplative wisdom but from custom or practical discipline belong to the Couplement : to the Couplement , too , belong the vices ; they are its repugnances , desires , sympathies .
And Friendship ?
This emotion belongs sometimes to the lower part , sometimes to the interior man .
11 . In childhood the main activity is in the Couplement and there is but little irradiation from the higher principles of our being : but when these higher principles act but feebly or rarely upon us their action is directed towards the Supreme ; they work upon us only when they stand at the mid-point .
But does not the include that phase of our being which stands above the mid-point ?
It does , but on condition that we lay hold of it : our entire nature is not ours at all times but only as we direct the mid-point upwards or downwards , or lead some particular phase of our nature from potentiality or native character into act .
And the animals , in what way or degree do they possess the Animate ?
If there be in them , as the opinion goes , human Souls that have sinned , then the Animating - Principle in its separable phase does not enter directly into the brute ; it is there but not there to them ; they are aware only of the image of the Soul [ only of the lower Soul ] and of that only by being aware of the body organised and determined by that image .
If there be no human Soul in them , the Animate is constituted for them by a radiation from the All - Soul .
12 . But if Soul is sinless , how come the expiations ?
Here surely is a contradiction ; on the one side the Soul is above all guilt ; on the other , we hear of its sin , its purification , its expiation ; it is doomed to the lower world , it passes from body to body .
We may take either view at will : they are easily reconciled .
When we tell of the sinless Soul , we make Soul and Essential - Soul one and the same : it is the simple unbroken Unity .
By the Soul subject to sin we indicate a groupment , we include that other , that phase of the Soul which knows all the states and passions : the Soul in this sense is compound , all - inclusive : it falls under the conditions of the entire living experience : this compound it is that sins ; it is this , and not the other , that pays penalty .
It is in this sense that we read of the Soul : " We saw it as those others saw the sea - god Glaukos . "
" And , " reading on , " if we mean to discern the nature of the Soul we must strip it free of all that has gathered about it , must see into the philosophy of it , examine with what Existences it has touch and by kinship to what Existences it is what it is . "
Thus the Life is one thing , the Act is another and the Expiator yet another .
The retreat and sundering , then , must be not from this body only , but from every alien accruement .
Such accruement takes place at birth ; or rather birth is the coming - into - being of that other [ lower ] phase of the Soul .
For the meaning of birth has been indicated elsewhere ; it is brought about by a descent of the Soul , something being given off by the Soul other than that actually coming down in the declension .
Then the Soul has let this image fall ?
And this declension is it not certainly sin ?
If the declension is no more than the illuminating of an object beneath , it constitutes no sin : the shadow is to be attributed not to the luminary but to the object illuminated ; if the object were not there , the light could cause no shadow .
And the Soul is said to go down , to decline , only in that the object it illuminates lives by its life .
And it lets the image fall only if there be nothing near to take it up ; and it lets it fall , not as a thing cut off , but as a thing that ceases to be : the image has no further being when the whole Soul is looking toward the Supreme .
The poet , too , in the story of Hercules , seems to give this image separate existence ; he puts the shade of Hercules in the lower world and Hercules himself among the gods : treating the hero as existing in the two realms at once , he gives us a twofold Hercules .
It is not difficult to explain this distinction .
Hercules was a hero of practical virtue .
By his noble serviceableness he was worthy to be a God .
On the other hand , his merit was action and not the Contemplation which would place him unreservedly in the higher realm .
Therefore while he has place above , something of him remains below .
13 .
And the principle that reasons out these matters ?
Is it We or the Soul ?
We , but by the Soul .
But how " by the Soul " ?
Does this mean that the Soul reasons by possession [ by contact with the matters of enquiry ] ?
No ; by the fact of being Soul .
Its
Act subsists without movement ; or any movement that can be ascribed to it must be utterly distinct from all corporal movement and be simply the Soul 's own life .
And Intellection in us is twofold : since the Soul is intellective , and Intellection is the highest phase of life , we have Intellection both by the characteristic
Act of our Soul and by the Act of the Intellectual - Principle upon us - for this Intellectual - Principle is part of us no less than the Soul , and towards it we are ever rising .
Second Tractate
ON VIRTUE .
1. Since Evil is here , " haunting this world by necessary law , " and it is the Soul 's design to escape from Evil , we must escape hence .
But what is this escape ?
" In attaining Likeness to God , " we read .
And this is explained as " becoming just and holy , living by wisdom , " the entire nature grounded in Virtue .
But does not Likeness by way of Virtue imply Likeness to some being that has Virtue ?
To what Divine Being , then , would our Likeness be ?
To the Being - must we not think ?- in
Which , above all , such excellence seems to inhere , that is to the Soul of the Kosmos and to the Principle ruling within it , the Principle endowed with a wisdom most wonderful .
What could be more fitting than that we , living in this world , should become Like to its ruler ?
But , at the beginning , we are met by the doubt whether even in this Divine - Being all the virtues find place - Moral - Balance [ Sophrosyne ] , for example ; or Fortitude where there can be no danger since nothing is alien ; where there can be nothing alluring whose lack could induce the desire of possession .
If , indeed , that aspiration towards the Intelligible which is in our nature exists also in this Ruling - Power , then need not look elsewhere for the source of order and of the virtues in ourselves .
But does this Power possess the Virtues ?
We cannot expect to find
There what are called the Civic Virtues , the Prudence which belongs to the reasoning faculty ; the Fortitude which conducts the emotional and passionate nature ; the Sophrosyne which consists in a certain pact , in a concord between the passionate faculty and the reason ; or Rectitude which is the due application of all the other virtues as each in turn should command or obey .
Is Likeness , then , attained , perhaps , not by these virtues of the social order but by those greater qualities known by the same general name ?
And if so do the Civic Virtues give us no help at all ?
It is against reason , utterly to deny Likeness by these while admitting it by the greater : tradition at least recognizes certain men of the civic excellence as divine , and we must believe that these too had in some sort attained Likeness : on both levels there is virtue for us , though not the same virtue .
Now , if it be admitted that Likeness is possible , though by a varying use of different virtues and though the civic virtues do not suffice , there is no reason why we should not , by virtues peculiar to our state , attain Likeness to a model in which virtue has no place .
But is that conceivable ?
When warmth comes in to make anything warm , must there needs be something to warm the source of the warmth ?
If a fire is to warm something else , must there be a fire to warm that fire ?
Against the first illustration it may be retorted that the source of the warmth does already contain warmth , not by an infusion but as an essential phase of its nature , so that , if the analogy is to hold , the argument would make Virtue something communicated to the Soul but an essential constituent of the Principle from which the Soul attaining Likeness absorbs it .
Against the illustration drawn from the fire , it may be urged that the analogy would make that Principle identical with virtue , whereas we hold it to be something higher .
The objection would be valid if what the soul takes in were one and the same with the source , but in fact virtue is one thing , the source of virtue quite another .
The material house is not identical with the house conceived in the intellect , and yet stands in its likeness : the material house has distribution and order while the pure idea is not constituted by any such elements ; distribution , order , symmetry are not parts of an idea .
So with us : it is from the Supreme that we derive order and distribution and harmony , which are virtues in this sphere : the Existences
There , having no need of harmony , order or distribution , have nothing to do with virtue ; and , none the less , it is by our possession of virtue that we become like to Them .
Thus much to show that the principle that we attain Likeness by virtue in no way involves the existence of virtue in the Supreme .
But we have not merely to make a formal demonstration : we must persuade as well as demonstrate .
2 . First , then , let us examine those good qualities by which we hold Likeness comes , and seek to establish what is this thing which , as we possess it , in transcription , is virtue but as the Supreme possesses it , is in the nature of an exemplar or archetype and is not virtue .
We must first distinguish two modes of Likeness .
There is the likeness demanding an identical nature in the objects which , further , must draw their likeness from a common principle : and there is the case in which B resembles A , but A is a Primal , not concerned about B and not said to resemble B .
In this second case , likeness is understood in a distinct sense : we no longer look for identity of nature , but , on the contrary , for divergence since the likeness has come about by the mode of difference .
What , then , precisely is Virtue , collectively and in the particular ?
The clearer method will be to begin with the particular , for so the common element by which all the forms hold the general name will readily appear .
The Civic Virtues , on which we have touched above , are a principle or order and beauty in us as long as we remain passing our life here : they ennoble us by setting bound and measure to our desires and to our entire sensibility , and dispelling false judgement - and this by sheer efficacy of the better , by the very setting of the bounds , by the fact that the measured is lifted outside of the sphere of the unmeasured and lawless .
And , further , these Civic Virtues - measured and ordered themselves and acting as a principle of measure to the Soul which is as Matter to their forming - are like to the measure reigning in the over - world , and they carry a trace of that Highest Good in the Supreme ; for , while utter measurelessness is brute Matter and wholly outside of Likeness , any participation in Ideal - Form produces some corresponding degree of Likeness to the formless Being There .
And participation goes by nearness : the Soul nearer than the body , therefore closer akin , participates more fully and shows a godlike presence , almost cheating us into the delusion that in the Soul we see God entire .
This is the way in which men of the Civic Virtues attain Likeness .
3 . We come now to that other mode of Likeness which , we read , is the fruit of the loftier virtues : discussing this we shall penetrate more deeply into the essence of the Civic Virtue and be able to define the nature of the higher kind whose existence we shall establish beyond doubt .
To Plato , unmistakably , there are two distinct orders of virtue , and the civic does not suffice for Likeness : " Likeness to God , " he says , " is a flight from this world 's ways and things " : in dealing with the qualities of good citizenship he does not use the simple term Virtue but adds the distinguishing word civic : and elsewhere he declares all the virtues without exception to be purifications .
But in what sense can we call the virtues purifications , and how does purification issue in Likeness ?
As the Soul is evil by being interfused with the body , and by coming to share the body 's states and to think the body 's thoughts , so it would be good , it would be possessed of virtue , if it threw off the body 's moods and devoted itself to its own Act - the state of Intellection and Wisdom - never allowed the passions of the body to affect it - the virtue of Sophrosyne - knew no fear at the parting from the body - the virtue of Fortitude - and if reason and the Intellectual - Principle ruled - in which state is Righteousness .
Such a disposition in the Soul , become thus intellective and immune to passion , it would not be wrong to call Likeness to God ; for the Divine , too , is pure and the Divine - Act is such that Likeness to it is Wisdom .
But would not this make virtue a state of the Divine also ?
No : the Divine has no states ; the state is in the Soul .
The Act of Intellection in the Soul is not the same as in the Divine : of things in the Supreme , Soul grasps some after a mode of its own , some not at all .
Then yet again , the one word Intellection covers two distinct Acts ?
Rather there is primal Intellection and there is Intellection deriving from the Primal and of other scope .
As speech is the echo of the thought in the Soul , so thought in the Soul is an echo from elsewhere : that is to say , as the uttered thought is an image of the soul - thought , so the soul - thought images a thought above itself and is the interpreter of the higher sphere .
Virtue , in the same way , is a thing of the Soul : it does not belong to the Intellectual - Principle or to the Transcendence .
4 . We come , so , to the question whether Purification is the whole of this human quality , virtue , or merely the forerunner upon which virtue follows ?
Does virtue imply the achieved state of purification or does the mere process suffice to it , Virtue being something of less perfection than the accomplished pureness which is almost the Term ?
To have been purified is to have cleansed away everything alien : but Goodness is something more .
If before the impurity entered there was Goodness , the Goodness suffices ; but even so , not the act of cleansing but the cleansed thing that emerges will be The Good .
And it remains to establish what this emergent is .
It can scarcely prove to be The Good : The Absolute Good can not be thought to have taken up its abode with Evil .
We can think of it only as something of the nature of good but paying a double allegiance and unable to rest in the Authentic Good .
The Soul 's true Good is in devotion to the Intellectual - Principle , its kin ; evil to the Soul lies in frequenting strangers .
There is no other way for it than to purify itself and so enter into relation with its own ; the new phase begins by a new orientation .
After the Purification , then , there is still this orientation to be made ?
No : by the purification the true alignment stands accomplished .
The Soul 's virtue , then , is this alignment ?
No : it is what the alignment brings about within .
And this is ...?
That it sees ; that , like sight affected by the thing seen , the soul admits the imprint , graven upon it and working within it , of the vision it has come to .
But was not the Soul possessed of all this always , or had it forgotten ?
What it now sees , it certainly always possessed , but as lying away in the dark , not as acting within it : to dispel the darkness , and thus come to knowledge of its inner content , it must thrust towards the light .
Besides , it possessed not the originals but images , pictures ; and these it must bring into closer accord with the verities they represent .
And , further , if the Intellectual - Principle is said to be a possession of the Soul , this is only in the sense that It is not alien and that the link becomes very close when the Soul 's sight is turned towards
It : otherwise , ever - present though It be , It remains foreign , just as our knowledge , if it does not determine action , is dead to us .
5 . So we come to the scope of the purification : that understood , the nature of Likeness becomes clear .
Likeness to what Principle ?
Identity with what God ?
The question is substantially this : how far does purification dispel the two orders of passion - anger , desire and the like , with grief and its kin- and in what degree the disengagement from the body is possible .
Disengagement means simply that the soul withdraws to its own place .
It will hold itself above all passions and affections .
Necessary pleasures and all the activity of the senses it will employ only for medicament and assuagement lest its work be impeded .
Pain it may combat , but , failing the cure , it will bear meekly and ease it by refusing assent to it .
All passionate action it will check : the suppression will be complete if that be possible , but at worst the Soul will never itself take fire but will keep the involuntary and uncontrolled outside its precincts and rare and weak at that .
The Soul has nothing to dread , though no doubt the involuntary has some power here too : fear therefore must cease , except so far as it is purely monitory .
What desire there may be can never be for the vile ; even the food and drink necessary for restoration will lie outside of the Soul 's attention , and not less the sexual appetite : or if such desire there must be , it will turn upon the actual needs of the nature and be entirely under control ; or if any uncontrolled motion takes place , it will reach no further than the imagination , be no more than a fleeting fancy .
The Soul itself will be inviolately free and will be working to set the irrational part of the nature above all attack , or if that may not be , then at least to preserve it from violent assault , so that any wound it takes may be slight and be healed at once by virtue of the Soul 's presence , just as a man living next door to a Sage would profit by the neighbourhood , either in becoming wise and good himself or , for sheer shame , never venturing any act which the nobler mind would disapprove .
There will be no battling in the Soul : the mere intervention of Reason is enough : the lower nature will stand in such awe of Reason that for any slightest movement it has made it will grieve , and censure its own weakness , in not having kept low and still in the presence of its lord .
6 . In all this there is no sin- there is only matter of discipline - but our concern is not merely to be sinless but to be God .
As long as there is any such involuntary action , the nature is twofold , God and Demi-God , or rather God in association with a nature of a lower power : when all the involuntary is suppressed , there is God unmingled , a Divine Being of those that follow upon The First .
For , at this height , the man is the very being that came from the Supreme .
The primal excellence restored , the essential man is There : entering this sphere , he has associated himself with the reasoning phase of his nature and this he will lead up into likeness with his highest self , as far as earthly mind is capable , so that if possible it shall never be inclined to , and at the least never adopt , any course displeasing to its overlord .
What form , then , does virtue take in one so lofty ?
It appears as Wisdom , which consists in the contemplation of all that exists in the Intellectual - Principle , and as the immediate presence of the Intellectual - Principle itself .
And each of these has two modes or aspects : there is Wisdom as it is in the Intellectual - Principle and as in the Soul ; and there is the Intellectual - Principle as it is present to itself and as it is present to the Soul : this gives what in the Soul is Virtue , in the Supreme not Virtue .
In the Supreme , then , what is it ?
Its proper Act and Its Essence .
That Act and Essence of the Supreme , manifested in a new form , constitute the virtue of this sphere .
For the Supreme is not self - existent justice , or the Absolute of any defined virtue : it is , so to speak , an exemplar , the source of what in the soul becomes virtue : for virtue is dependent , seated in something not itself ; the Supreme is self - standing , independent .
But taking Rectitude to be the due ordering of faculty , does it not always imply the existence of diverse parts ?
No :
There is a Rectitude of Diversity appropriate to what has parts , but there is another , not less Rectitude than the former though it resides in a Unity .
And the authentic Absolute - Rectitude is the Act of a Unity upon itself , of a Unity in which there is no this and that and the other .
On this principle , the supreme Rectitude of the Soul is that it direct its
Act towards the Intellectual - Principle : its Restraint ( Sophrosyne ) is its inward bending towards the Intellectual - Principle ; its Fortitude is its being impassive in the likeness of That towards which its gaze is set , Whose nature comports an impassivity which the Soul acquires by virtue and must acquire if it is not to be at the mercy of every state arising in its less noble companion .
7 . The virtues in the Soul run in a sequence correspondent to that existing in the over - world , that is among their exemplars in the Intellectual - Principle .
In the Supreme , Intellection constitutes Knowledge and Wisdom ; self - concentration is Sophrosyne ; Its proper Act is Its Dutifulness ; Its Immateriality , by which It remains inviolate within Itself is the equivalent of Fortitude .
In the Soul , the direction of vision towards the Intellectual - Principle is Wisdom and Prudence , soul - virtues not appropriate to the Supreme where Thinker and Thought are identical .
All the other virtues have similar correspondences .
And if the term of purification is the production of a pure being , then the purification of the Soul must produce all the virtues ; if any are lacking , then not one of them is perfect .
And to possess the greater is potentially to possess the minor , though the minor need not carry the greater with them .
Thus we have indicated the dominant note in the life of the Sage ; but whether his possession of the minor virtues be actual as well as potential , whether even the greater are in Act in him or yield to qualities higher still , must be decided afresh in each several case .
Take , for example , Contemplative - Wisdom .
If other guides of conduct must be called in to meet a given need , can this virtue hold its ground even in mere potentiality ?
And what happens when the virtues in their very nature differ in scope and province ?
Where , for example , Sophrosyne would allow certain acts or emotions under due restraint and another virtue would cut them off altogether ?
And is it not clear that all may have to yield , once Contemplative - Wisdom comes into action ?
The solution is in understanding the virtues and what each has to give : thus the man will learn to work with this or that as every several need demands .
And as he reaches to loftier principles and other standards these in turn will define his conduct : for example , Restraint in its earlier form will no longer satisfy him ; he will work for the final Disengagement ; he will live , no longer , the human life of the good man- such as Civic Virtue commends - but , leaving this beneath him , will take up instead another life , that of the Gods .
For it is to the Gods , not to the Good , that our Likeness must look : to model ourselves upon good men is to produce an image of an image : we have to fix our gaze above the image and attain Likeness to the Supreme Exemplar .
Third Tractate
ON DIALECTIC [ THE UPWARD WAY ] .
1 . What art is there , what method , what discipline to bring us there where we must go ?
The Term at which we must arrive we may take as agreed : we have established elsewhere , by many considerations , that our journey is to the Good , to the Primal - Principle ; and , indeed , the very reasoning which discovered the Term was itself something like an initiation .
But what order of beings will attain the Term ?
Surely , as we read , those that have already seen all or most things , those who at their first birth have entered into the life - germ from which is to spring a metaphysician , a musician or a born lover , the metaphysician taking to the path by instinct , the musician and the nature peculiarly susceptible to love needing outside guidance .
But how lies the course ?
Is it alike for all , or is there a distinct method for each class of temperament ?
For all there are two stages of the path , as they are making upwards or have already gained the upper sphere .
The first degree is the conversion from the lower life ; the second - held by those that have already made their way to the sphere of the Intelligibles , have set as it were a footprint there but must still advance within the realm - lasts until they reach the extreme hold of the place , the Term attained when the topmost peak of the Intellectual realm is won .
But this highest degree must bide its time : let us first try to speak of the initial process of conversion .
We must begin by distinguishing the three types .
Let us take the musician first and indicate his temperamental equipment for the task .
The musician we may think of as being exceedingly quick to beauty , drawn in a very rapture to it : somewhat slow to stir of his own impulse , he answers at once to the outer stimulus : as the timid are sensitive to noise so he to tones and the beauty they convey ; all that offends against unison or harmony in melodies and rhythms repels him ; he longs for measure and shapely pattern .
This natural tendency must be made the starting - point to such a man ; he must be drawn by the tone , rhythm and design in things of sense : he must learn to distinguish the material forms from the Authentic - Existent which is the source of all these correspondences and of the entire reasoned scheme in the work of art : he must be led to the Beauty that manifests itself through these forms ; he must be shown that what ravished him was no other than the Harmony of the Intellectual world and the Beauty in that sphere , not some one shape of beauty but the All - Beauty , the Absolute Beauty ; and the truths of philosophy must be implanted in him to lead him to faith in that which , unknowing it , he possesses within himself .
What these truths are we will show later .
2 . The born lover , to whose degree the musician also may attain - and then either come to a stand or pass beyond - has a certain memory of beauty but , severed from it now , he no longer comprehends it : spellbound by visible loveliness he clings amazed about that .
His lesson must be to fall down no longer in bewildered delight before some , one embodied form ; he must be led , under a system of mental discipline , to beauty everywhere and made to discern the One Principle underlying all , a Principle apart from the material forms , springing from another source , and elsewhere more truly present .
The beauty , for example , in a noble course of life and in an admirably organized social system may be pointed out to him - a first training this in the loveliness of the immaterial - he must learn to recognise the beauty in the arts , sciences , virtues ; then these severed and particular forms must be brought under the one principle by the explanation of their origin .
From the virtues he is to be led to the Intellectual - Principle , to the Authentic - Existent ; thence onward , he treads the upward way .
3 . The metaphysician , equipped by that very character , winged already and not like those others , in need of disengagement , stirring of himself towards the supernal but doubting of the way , needs only a guide .
He must be shown , then , and instructed , a willing wayfarer by his very temperament , all but self - directed .
Mathematics , which as a student by nature he will take very easily , will be prescribed to train him to abstract thought and to faith in the unembodied ; a moral being by native disposition , he must be led to make his virtue perfect ; after the Mathematics he must be put through a course in Dialectic and made an adept in the science .
4 . But this science , this Dialectic essential to all the three classes alike , what , in sum , is it ?
It is the Method , or Discipline , that brings with it the power of pronouncing with final truth upon the nature and relation of things - what each is , how it differs from others , what common quality all have , to what Kind each belongs and in what rank each stands in its Kind and whether its Being is Real - Being , and how many Beings there are , and how many non-Beings to be distinguished from Beings .
Dialectic treats also of the Good and the not -Good , and of the particulars that fall under each , and of what is the Eternal and what the not Eternal - and of these , it must be understood , not by seeming - knowledge [ " sense - knowledge " ] but with authentic science .
All this accomplished , it gives up its touring of the realm of sense and settles down in the Intellectual Kosmos and there plies its own peculiar Act : it has abandoned all the realm of deceit and falsity , and pastures the Soul in the " Meadows of Truth " : it employs the Platonic division to the discernment of the Ideal - Forms , of the Authentic - Existence and of the First - Kinds [ or Categories of Being ] : it establishes , in the light of Intellection , the unity there is in all that issues from these Firsts , until it has traversed the entire Intellectual Realm : then , resolving the unity into the particulars once more , it returns to the point from which it starts .
Now rests : instructed and satisfied as to the Being in that sphere , it is no longer busy about many things : it has arrived at Unity and it contemplates : it leaves to another science all that coil of premisses and conclusions called the art of reasoning , much as it leaves the art of writing : some of the matter of logic , no doubt , it considers necessary - to clear the ground - but it makes itself the judge , here as in everything else ; where it sees use , it uses ; anything it finds superfluous , it leaves to whatever department of learning or practice may turn that matter to account .
5 . But whence does this science derive its own initial laws ?
The Intellectual - Principle furnishes standards , the most certain for any soul that is able to apply them .
What else is necessary , Dialectic puts together for itself , combining and dividing , until it has reached perfect Intellection .
" For , " we read , " it is the purest [ perfection ] of Intellection and Contemplative - Wisdom . "
And , being the noblest method and science that exists it must needs deal with Authentic - Existence , The Highest there is : as Contemplative - Wisdom [ or true - knowing ] it deals with Being , as Intellection with what transcends Being .
What , then , is Philosophy ?
Philosophy is the supremely precious .
Is Dialectic , then , the same as Philosophy ?
It is the precious part of Philosophy .
We must not think of it as the mere tool of the metaphysician : Dialectic does not consist of bare theories and rules : it deals with verities ; Existences are , as it were , Matter to it , or at least it proceeds methodically towards Existences , and possesses itself , at the one step , of the notions and of the realities .
Untruth and sophism it knows , not directly , not of its own nature , but merely as something produced outside itself , something which it recognises to be foreign to the verities laid up in itself ; in the falsity presented to it , it perceives a clash with its own canon of truth .
Dialectic , that is to say , has no knowledge of propositions - collections of words - but it knows the truth , and , in that knowledge , knows what the schools call their propositions : it knows above all , the operation of the soul , and , by virtue of this knowing , it knows , too , what is affirmed and what is denied , whether the denial is of what was asserted or of something else , and whether propositions agree or differ ; all that is submitted to it , it attacks with the directness of sense - perception and it leaves petty precisions of process to what other science may care for such exercises .
6. Philosophy has other provinces , but Dialectic is its precious part : in its study of the laws of the universe , Philosophy draws on Dialectic much as other studies and crafts use Arithmetic , though , of course , the alliance between Philosophy and Dialectic is closer .
And in Morals , too , Philosophy uses Dialectic : by Dialectic it comes to contemplation , though it originates of itself the moral state or rather the discipline from which the moral state develops .
Our reasoning faculties employ the data of Dialectic almost as their proper possession for they are mainly concerned about Matter [ whose place and worth Dialectic establishes ] .
And while the other virtues bring the reason to bear upon particular experiences and acts , the virtue of Wisdom [ i.e. , the virtue peculiarly induced by Dialectic ] is a certain super - reasoning much closer to the Universal ; for it deals with correspondence and sequence , the choice of time for action and inaction , the adoption of this course , the rejection of that other : Wisdom and Dialectic have the task of presenting all things as Universals and stripped of matter for treatment by the Understanding .
But can these inferior kinds of virtue exist without Dialectic and philosophy ?
Yes - but imperfectly , inadequately .
And is it possible to be a Sage , Master in Dialectic , without these lower virtues ?
It would not happen : the lower will spring either before or together with the higher .
And it is likely that everyone normally possesses the natural virtues from which , when Wisdom steps in , the perfected virtue develops .
After the natural virtues , then , Wisdom and , so the perfecting of the moral nature .
Once the natural virtues exist , both orders , the natural and the higher , ripen side by side to their final excellence : or as the one advances it carries forward the other towards perfection .
But , ever , the natural virtue is imperfect in vision and in strength - and to both orders of virtue the essential matter is from what principles we derive them .
Fourth Tractate
ON TRUE HAPPINESS .
1 . Are we to make True Happiness one and the same thing with Welfare or Prosperity and therefore within the reach of the other living beings as well as ourselves ?
There is certainly no reason to deny well - being to any of them as long as their lot allows them to flourish unhindered after their kind .
Whether we make Welfare consist in pleasant conditions of life , or in the accomplishment of some appropriate task , by either account it may fall to them as to us .
For certainly they may at once be pleasantly placed and engaged about some function that lies in their nature : take for an instance such living beings as have the gift of music ; finding themselves well - off in other ways , they sing , too , as their nature is , and so their day is pleasant to them .
And if , even , we set Happiness in some ultimate Term pursued by inborn tendency , then on this head , too , we must allow it to animals from the moment of their attaining this Ultimate : the nature in them comes to a halt , having fulfilled its vital course from a beginning to an end .
It may be a distasteful notion , this bringing - down of happiness so low as to the animal world - making it over , as then we must , even to the vilest of them and not withholding it even from the plants , living they too and having a life unfolding to a Term .
But , to begin with , it is surely unsound to deny that good of life to animals only because they do not appear to man to be of great account .
And as for plants , we need not necessarily allow to them what we accord to the other forms of life , since they have no feeling .
It is true people might be found to declare prosperity possible to the very plants : they have life , and life may bring good or evil ; the plants may thrive or wither , bear or be barren .
No : if Pleasure be the Term , if here be the good of life , it is impossible to deny the good of life to any order of living things ; if the Term be inner-peace , equally impossible ; impossible , too , if the good of life be to live in accordance with the purpose of nature .
2 . Those that deny the happy life to the plants on the ground that they lack sensation are really denying it to all living things .
By sensation can be meant only perception of state , and the state of well - being must be Good in itself quite apart from the perception : to be a part of the natural plan is good whether knowingly or without knowledge : there is good in the appropriate state even though there be no recognition of its fitness or desirable quality - for it must be in itself desirable .
This Good exists , then ; is present : that in which it is present has well - being without more ado : what need then to ask for sensation into the bargain ?
Perhaps , however , the theory is that the good of any state consists not in the condition itself but in the knowledge and perception of it .
But at this rate the Good is nothing but the mere sensation , the bare activity of the sentient life .
And so it will be possessed by all that feel , no matter what .
Perhaps it will be said that two constituents are needed to make up the Good , that there must be both feeling and a given state felt : but how can it be maintained that the bringing together of two neutrals can produce the Good ?
They will explain , possibly , that the state must be a state of Good and that such a condition constitutes well - being on the discernment of that present good ; but then they invite the question whether the well - being comes by discerning the presence of the Good that is there , or whether there must further be the double recognition that the state is agreeable and that the agreeable state constitutes the Good .
If well - being demands this recognition , it depends no longer upon sensation but upon another , a higher faculty ; and well - being is vested not in a faculty receptive of pleasure but in one competent to discern that pleasure is the Good .
Then the cause of the well - being is no longer pleasure but the faculty competent to pronounce as to pleasure 's value .
Now a judging entity is nobler than one that merely accepts a state : it is a principle of Reason or of Intellection : pleasure is a state : the reasonless can never be closer to the Good than reason is .
How can reason abdicate and declare nearer to good than itself something lying in a contrary order ?
No : those denying the good of life to the vegetable world , and those that make it consist in some precise quality of sensation , are in reality seeking a loftier well - being than they are aware of , and setting their highest in a more luminous phase of life .
Perhaps , then , those are in the right who found happiness not on the bare living or even on sensitive life but on the life of Reason ?
But they must tell us it should be thus restricted and why precisely they make Reason an essential to the happiness in a living being :
" When you insist on Reason , is it because Reason is resourceful , swift to discern and compass the primal needs of nature ; or would you demand it , even though it were powerless in that domain ? "
If you call it in as a provider , then the reasonless , equally with the reasoning , may possess happiness after their kind , as long as , without any thought of theirs , nature supplies their wants : Reason becomes a servant ; there is no longer any worth in it for itself and no worth in that consummation of reason which , we hold , is virtue .
If you say that reason is to be cherished for its own sake and not as supplying these human needs , you must tell us what other services it renders , what is its proper nature and what makes it the perfect thing it is .
For , on this admission , its perfection cannot reside in any such planning and providing : its perfection will be something quite different , something of quite another class : Reason cannot be itself one of those first needs of nature ; it cannot even be a cause of those first needs of nature or at all belong to that order : it must be nobler than any and all of such things : otherwise it is not easy to see how we can be asked to rate it so highly .
Until these people light upon some nobler principle than any at which they still halt , they must be left where they are and where they choose to be , never understanding what the Good of Life is to those that can make it theirs , never knowing to what kind of beings it is accessible .
What then is happiness ?
Let us try basing it upon Life .
3 . Now if we draw no distinction as to kinds of life , everything that lives will be capable of happiness , and those will be effectively happy who possess that one common gift of which every living thing is by nature receptive .
We could not deny it to the irrational whilst allowing it to the rational .
If happiness were inherent in the bare being - alive , the common ground in which the cause of happiness could always take root would be simply life .
Those , then , that set happiness not in the mere living but in the reasoning life seem to overlook the fact that they are not really making it depend upon life at all : they admit that this reasoning faculty , round which they centre happiness , is a property [ not the subject of a property ] : the subject , to them , must be the Reasoning - Life since it is in this double term that they find the basis of the happiness : so that they are making it consist not in life but in a particular kind of life - not , of course , a species formally opposite but , in terminology , standing as an " earlier " to a " later " in the one Kind .
Now in common use this word " Life " embraces many forms which shade down from primal to secondary and so on , all massed under the common term - life of plant and life of animal - each phase brighter or dimmer than its next : and so it evidently must be with the Good - of - Life .
And if thing is ever the image of thing , so every Good must always be the image of a higher Good .
If mere Being is insufficient , if happiness demands fulness of life , and exists , therefore , where nothing is lacking of all that belongs to the idea of life , then happiness can exist only in a being that lives fully .
And such a one will possess not merely the good , but the Supreme Good if , that is to say , in the realm of existents the Supreme Good can be no other than the authentically living , no other than Life in its greatest plenitude , life in which the good is present as something essential not as something brought from without , a life needing no foreign substance called in from a foreign realm , to establish it in good .
For what could be added to the fullest life to make it the best life ?
If anyone should answer , " The nature of Good " [ The Good , as a Divine Hypostasis ] , the reply would certainly be near our thought , but we are not seeking the Cause but the main constituent .
It has been said more than once that the perfect life and the true life , the essential life , is in the Intellectual Nature beyond this sphere , and that all other forms of life are incomplete , are phantoms of life , imperfect , not pure , not more truly life than they are its contrary : here let it be said succinctly that since all living things proceed from the one principle but possess life in different degrees , this principle must be the first life and the most complete .
4 . If , then , the perfect life is within human reach , the man attaining it attains happiness : if not , happiness must be made over to the gods , for the perfect life is for them alone .
But since we hold that happiness is for human beings too , we must consider what this perfect life is .
The matter may be stated thus :
It has been shown elsewhere that man , when he commands not merely the life of sensation but also Reason and Authentic Intellection , has realised the perfect life .
But are we to picture this kind of life as something foreign imported into his nature ?
No : there exists no single human being that does not either potentially or effectively possess this thing which we hold to constitute happiness .
But are we to think of man as including this form of life , the perfect , after the manner of a partial constituent of his entire nature ?
We say , rather , that while in some men it is present as a mere portion of their total being - in those , namely , that have it potentially - there is , too , the man , already in possession of true felicity , who is this perfection realized , who has passed over into actual identification with it .
All else is now mere clothing about the man , not to be called part of him since it lies about him unsought , not his because not appropriated to himself by any act of the will .
To the man in this state , what is the Good ?
He himself by what he has and is .
And the author and principle of what he is and holds is the Supreme , which within Itself is the Good but manifests Itself within the human being after this other mode .
The sign that this state has been achieved is that the man seeks nothing else .
What indeed could he be seeking ?
Certainly none of the less worthy things ; and the Best he carries always within him .
He that has such a life as this has all he needs in life .
Once the man is a Sage , the means of happiness , the way to good , are within , for nothing is good that lies outside him .
Anything he desires further than this he seeks as a necessity , and not for himself but for a subordinate , for the body bound to him , to which since it has life he must minister the needs of life , not needs , however , to the true man of this degree .
He knows himself to stand above all such things , and what he gives to the lower he so gives as to leave his true life undiminished .
Adverse fortune does not shake his felicity : the life so founded is stable ever .
Suppose death strikes at his household or at his friends ; he knows what death is , as the victims , if they are among the wise , know too .
And if death taking from him his familiars and intimates does bring grief , it is not to him , not to the true man , but to that in him which stands apart from the Supreme , to that lower man in whose distress he takes no part .
5 . But what of sorrows , illnesses and all else that inhibit the native activity ?
What of the suspension of consciousness which drugs or disease may bring about ?
Could either welfare or happiness be present under such conditions ?
And this is to say nothing of misery and disgrace , which will certainly be urged against us , with undoubtedly also those never - failing " Miseries of Priam . "
" The Sage , " we shall be told , " may bear such afflictions and even take them lightly but they could never be his choice , and the happy life must be one that would be chosen .
The Sage , that is , cannot be thought of as simply a sage soul , no count being taken of the bodily - principle in the total of the being : he will , no doubt , take all bravely ... until the body 's appeals come up before him , and longings and loathings penetrate through the body to the inner man .
And since pleasure must be counted in towards the happy life , how can one that , thus , knows the misery of ill - fortune or pain be happy , however sage he be ?
Such a state , of bliss self - contained , is for the Gods ; men , because of the less noble part subjoined in them , must needs seek happiness throughout all their being and not merely in some one part ; if the one constituent be troubled , the other , answering to its associate 's distress , must perforce suffer hindrance in its own activity .
There is nothing but to cut away the body or the body 's sensitive life and so secure that self - contained unity essential to happiness . "
6 . Now if happiness did indeed require freedom from pain , sickness , misfortune , disaster , it would be utterly denied to anyone confronted by such trials : but if it lies in the fruition of the Authentic Good , why turn away from this Term and look to means , imagining that to be happy a man must need a variety of things none of which enter into happiness ?
If , in fact , felicity were made up by heaping together all that is at once desirable and necessary we must bid for these also .
But if the Term must be one and not many ; if in other words our quest is of a Term and not of Terms ; that only can be elected which is ultimate and noblest , that which calls to the tenderest longings of the soul .
The quest and will of the Soul are not pointed directly towards freedom from this sphere : the reason which disciplines away our concern about this life has no fundamental quarrel with things of this order ; it merely resents their interference ; sometimes , even , it must seek them ; essentially all the aspiration is not so much away from evil as towards the Soul 's own highest and noblest : this attained , all is won and there is rest - and this is the veritably willed state of life .
There can be no such thing as " willing " the acquirement of necessaries , if Will is to be taken in its strict sense , and not misapplied to the mere recognition of need .
It is certain that we shrink from the unpleasant , and such shrinking is assuredly not what we should have willed ; to have no occasion for any such shrinking would be much nearer to our taste ; but the things we seek tell the story as soon as they are ours .
For instance , health and freedom from pain ; which of these has any great charm ?
As long as we possess them , we set no store upon them .
Anything which , present , has no charm and adds nothing to happiness , which when lacking is desired because of the presence of an annoying opposite , may reasonably be called a necessity but not a Good .
Such things can never make part of our final object : our Term must be such that though these pleasanter conditions be absent and their contraries present , it shall remain , still , intact .
7 . Then why are these conditions sought and their contraries repelled by the man established in happiness ?
Here is our answer :
These more pleasant conditions cannot , it is true , add any particle towards the Sage 's felicity : but they do serve towards the integrity of his being , while the presence of the contraries tends against his Being or complicates the Term : it is not that the Sage can be so easily deprived of the Term achieved but simply that he that holds the highest good desires to have that alone , not something else at the same time , something which , though it cannot banish the Good by its incoming , does yet take place by its side .
In any case if the man that has attained felicity meets some turn of fortune that he would not have chosen , there is not the slightest lessening of his happiness for that .
If there were , his felicity would be veering or falling from day to day ; the death of a child would bring him down , or the loss of some trivial possession .
No : a thousand mischances and disappointments may befall him and leave him still in the tranquil possession of the Term .
But , they cry , great disasters , not the petty daily chances !
What human thing , then , is great , so as not to be despised by one who has mounted above all we know here , and is bound now no longer to anything below ?
If the Sage thinks all fortunate events , however momentous , to be no great matter - kingdom and the rule over cities and peoples , colonisations and the founding of states , even though all be his own handiwork - how can he take any great account of the vacillations of power or the ruin of his fatherland ?
Certainly if he thought any such event a great disaster , or any disaster at all , he must be of a very strange way of thinking .
One that sets great store by wood and stones , or ...
Zeus ... by mortality among mortals cannot yet be the Sage , whose estimate of death , we hold , must be that it is better than life in the body .
But suppose that he himself is offered a victim in sacrifice ?
Can he think it an evil to die beside the altars ?
But if he go unburied ?
Wheresoever it lie , under earth or over earth , his body will always rot .
But if he has been hidden away , not with costly ceremony but in an unnamed grave , not counted worthy of a towering monument ?
The littleness of it !
But if he falls into his enemies ' hands , into prison ?
There is always the way towards escape , if none towards well - being .
But if his nearest be taken from him , his sons and daughters dragged away t
Whales evolved from split - hooved land mammals .
Very little is known about the animals that first ventured into the water , so drawings are entirely speculative .
This is one interpretation of what a Pakicetid may have looked like .
They are sometimes described as the " first whales " because they were mostly land - based but the structure of part of their inner ear is very unusual and resembles only the ear structure of modern and fossil cetaceans .
( Image : Carl Buell , courtesy of the Thewissen lab )
A 1983 interpretation of what Pakicetid may have looked like .
This drawing was created from just a fossil skull , says Philip Ginergirch of the University of Michigan .
( Image : AAAS )
After Pakicetids came Ambulocetids .
They lived in swampy regions , could both walk on land and swim in water but may not have been very fast in either environment .
They are sometimes thought of as having been crocodile - like in their habits ( Image : Carl Buell ) Advertisement
Another artist 's interpretation of what Ambulocetids may have looked like ( Image : Douglas H. Chadwick , Shawn Gould and Robert Clark )
Ambulocetids were followed by Protocetids .
These mostly aquatic mammals still came onto land at certain stages of their lives – evidence of which lies in their strong hind legs .
( Image : AAAS )
Protocetids stayed for the most part in the ocean , but kept within hundreds of metres of the shore .
Like sea lions , they probably still came ashore , but would not have wandered very far inland ( Image : John Klausmeyer , University of Michigan Museums of Natural History )
In 2000 , researchers discovered this remarkable fossil of a pregnant female Protocetid which hints that they gave birth on land .
The fetus is shaded in blue with orange teeth .
The mother is in pink ( Image : University of Michigan Museum of Paleontology )
Around 35 to 40 million years ago , Protocetids evolved into Basilosaurids ( represented here ) and Dorudontids .
Both groups of animals were fully aquatic and had small rear flippers , remainders of their ancestors ' hind legs .
( Image : Arthur Weasley )
This virtually complete skeleton of Dorudon atrox , a Dorudontid , was excavated in Wadi Hitan , Egypt . ( Image : Philip Gingerich )
When US Airways Flight 1549 glided safely onto the Hudson River last month , Newsweek did what news organizations have done for more than a century  it sent reporters and photographers to the scene .
Considerable effort yielded a modest article on Newsweek ’s Web site , and nothing in the printed magazine .
If a similar episode happens six months from now , editors say , Newsweek probably will not even bother .
Newsweek is about to begin a major change in its identity , with a new design , a much smaller and , it hopes , more affluent readership , and some shifts in content .
The venerable newsweekly ’s ingrained role of obligatory coverage of the week ’s big events will be abandoned once and for all , executives say .
“ There ’s a phrase in the culture , ‘ we need to take note of , ’ ‘ we need to weigh in on , ’ ” said Newsweek ’s editor , Jon Meacham .
“ That ’s going away .
If we do n’t have something original to say , we wo n’t .
The drill of chasing the week ’s news to add a couple of hard - fought new details is not sustainable . ”
Word to the wise :
Not all languages stick around forever .
Communication systems from a few cultures in the U.S. ( often times , from Native American tribes ) have already hit the extinct list , and many more are on their way out .
In fact , according to National Geographic , " one language dies every 14 days . "
Here are 10 tongues that did n't make it to the present day .
1. EYAK
Up until 2008 , the Eyak language was spoken in Alaska .
In January of that year , Marie Smith Jones , the last known full - blooded Eyak and the only remaining person known to be fluent in the language , died at age 89 .
Jones tried to help preserve Eyak by penning a dictionary and grammar rules .
She also gave two speeches at the United Nations about the importance of preserving indigenous languages .
But despite her efforts , the language did n't carry on .
Marie had nine children and none of them learned the language because it was considered improper to speak anything but English at the time .
2. YANA
Yana was last spoken in north - central California more than a century ago by the Yahi people .
The last native speaker went by the name Ishi , and , like Marie Smith Jones , was instrumental in preserving the language ( with help from linguist - anthropologist Edward Sapir ) .
Ishi and his family were around during the Three Knolls Massacre of 1865 , which killed off about half of the remaining Yahi people .
The rest of them slowly died off , and when Ishi ( which means " man "  in Yana ) succumbed to tuberculosis in 1916 , that was the end of the spoken language .
Ishi's story has been featured in several books and movies .
3. TUNICA
The Tunica language could be found in Louisiana until the 1930s .
Considered the last native speaker , Sesostrie Youchigant of the Native American Tunica tribe worked with linguist Mary Haas , a student of Edward Sapir , to try to write down everything he remembered .
Though the language has n't been revived yet , one descendent on the Tunica tribe , Brenda Lintinger , began another project to bring it back in 2011 , with the help of students .
The aspiring scholar reached out to experts a Tulane University 's Interdisciplinary Program in Linguistics and also penned children 's books in the Native American language , building upon Hass 's work .
4. TILLAMOOK
Tillamook is n't just the name of a cheese .
Until the mid 1970s , the Tillamook language , from an Oregon - based tribe of the same name , thrived .
Tillamook is part of the Salishan languages family , which was originally made up of 23 languages .
Though the last fluent speakers collaborated with scholars to record the language from 1965 to 1970 , it did n't survive .
5. SUSQUEHANNOCK
This language has been gone for a long time .
It was part of the Iroquois language family , but the only way we even know it existed is from a short vocabulary guide written by Swedish missionary Johannes Campanius in the 1640s .
Even then , the vocabulary guide consisted of only about 100 words .
6. MARTHA'S VINEYARD SIGN LANGUAGE
In the early 18th century to the mid 20th century , the population of deaf people in the isolated town of Chilmark , Martha 's Vineyard was so large that The Atlantic estimates it included " 1 in every 25 people " in the town .
And the population of residents who communicated with Martha 's Vineyard Sign Language was even larger , consisting of those in both the deaf and hearing communities .
The regional language was a combination of Chilmark Sign Language , American Sign Language , Old Kent Sign Language , and French Sign Language .
As the tourism industry on the island picked up , the deaf population declined .
The last deaf person fluent in Martha 's Vineyard Sign Language died in 1952 .
Without any formal records of the regional language , it did n't get passed down to younger generations .
7. JERSEY DUTCH
This language was a variant on the Dutch language and could be found in certain New Jersey counties from the 1600s until the early 20th century .
Some linguists even think it might have had some Creole elements to it .
8. EASTERN ABNAKI
The Eastern Abnaki language was used by the Penobscot tribe in Maine until nearly 25 years ago with the last native speaker .
9. EASTERN ATAKAPA
All we have left of the Eastern Atakapa language is 287 words written down in 1802 .
The people who spoke the language lived near modern - day Franklin , Louisiana .
10 . SIUSLAW
The Siuslaw language of the Oregon Pacific coast has been out of commission since the 1970s , but it 's been preserved quite well for anyone who wants to try to pick it up again .
There 's a 12 - page vocabulary list , plus audio recordings , several hours of fieldwork , and a few books .
Despite all of this preservation , few currently speaking it fluently .
Some recent news in the Ruby web development community , for those who have n’t been following it , or have been asleep of late :
Rails and Merb are merging .
Rails 2.3 has a shiny new engine , and lets you program to the metal .
Micro frameworks like Sinatra are getting a lot of interest for smaller applications
Everyone seems to be talking about Rack .
The common thread here is modularity .
It ’s getting easier and easier to build up a complex web application using smaller , more easily understood pieces .
One of the expected outcomes of the Rails Merb merger is getting a well described ( in terms of tests ) API for plugins , and the ability to choose different modules like ORMs ( ActiveRecord or DataMapper or something else anyone . )
The new spin on “ engines ” in Rails 2.3 makes it easy to develop reusable Rails sub-applications with their own MVC struction which can be plugged into an other Rails application
Rails metal allows you to define high - performance code which can respond to certain http requests before they even get to the Rails action pack routing and dispatching mechanism .
This is something which should be reserved for when it ’s needed for things like frequently executed AJAX requests , but it ’s nice that it ’s there .
I did n’t mention it in the list above , but Rails also lets you introduce other apps in the form of ‘ middleware ’ , a term which I ’ll explain in a paragraph or two .
By following some middleware patterns , you can incorporate non-rails apps ( Sinatra anyone ? ) with a Rails application ( including plugged in engines ) as part of a larger whole .
With , I think , the exception of engines , all of this depends on Rack , which implements a very simple and powerful idea .
Rack provides a simple one method API by which a web server , either directly or through an agent called a rack handler , talks to an application .
The application just needs to respond to a call message with a single bog standard Ruby Hash as the sole argument , called env by convention , and return a three element array containing an http response code , an object representing the response headers ( normally just a Hash ) , and an object representing the response body which must respond to each , yielding each line of the response .
In Ruby prior to 1.9 the response body can be a String with lines separated by new line characters .
This wo n’t work in Ruby 1.9 though since String #each is no longer there , of course you could implement it , or alias it to String #lines .
The really cool thing about Rack is that the API allows applications to be composed .
This is where the term ‘ middleware ’ comes in .
Think of Unix pipes where the output of one process can become the input to another , with a “ DSL ” in the shell for configuring this arrangement .
A rack application could do things like forward the request to another application and modify and or log the result , or modify and or log a request before forwarding , or decide to process certain urls itself instead of another application , or have a list of applications and return the results from the first one which returns something other that a 404 “ Not Found ” status , or decide which application to forward the request to based on matching rules on the url , host and port .
Rack provides apps which do many of these things .
A Rails metal is implemented as a Rack app which either processes a request or returns a 404 status , in which case rails dispatches the request .
The Rack equivalent to the Unix shell DSL of pipes and redirects is Rack : : Builder , which provides a very simple dsl for creating a rack app which chains multiple rack apps .
Buildng an app with Builder is quite simple , you call RackBuilder.app with a block .
This makes a builder , and instance_eval ’s the block with the builder , and then returns sends to_app to the builder which returns a rack app which does the right thing .
Inside the block you can do three things :
Add a Rack app to the end of the chain : run app
Instantiate a Rack app passing a class , any instantiation arguments , and optionally a block to be given to the classes initialize method , and add it to the end of the chain : use Rack :: CommonLogger , STDERR
Add an application to a map at the end of the chain which will be called if the url or path in the request matches a prefix .
The application is defined by a builder block .
e.g. map ( ' / foo ' ) do # builder dsl to create app to process url paths starting with ' / foo ' end map ( ' / bar ' ) do # builder dsl to create app to process url paths starting with / bar ' end
Rack in Rails 2.3
The following is based on Rails 2.3 RC 1 .
Middleware configuration
Rails supports something inspired by Rack : : Builder for inserting middleware before the Rails dispatcher .
The following is based on Rails 2.3 RC 1 .
In the initializer block in environment.rb you can add calls like :
config.middleware.use " MyApp " , " some initialization argument " config.middleware.use( Rack :: Builder ) do # rack builder dsl here end
The Rails middleware configuration “ DSL ” is n’t quite the same as Rack : : Builder .
First , only use is supported , not run or map .
You can pass a string instead of a class name to use , it will be constantized to obtain the class .
You can also pass something which responds to call ( e.g. a lambda ) which will be used to obtain the class for the App .
You can also add an option argument : if with a lambda for its value , which can be used to control whether or not a particular middleware app should be used based on , say another environment variable when the Rails app is initialized .
Integrated Session Management
Rails inserts a rack app near the beginning of the middleware stack which adds the rails session key and session options to the environment , with keys ‘ rack.session ’ , and ‘ rack.session.options ’ respectively .
This allows non-rails rack apps in the stack to have access to the rails session .
It ’s not clear to me whether or not this is standard usage , since the Rack specification seems to imply that env keys starting with ‘ rack . ’ are reserved and should n’t be extended .
Summary
It ’s exciting to see this amount of common superstructure being adopted by the Ruby web development framework providers , and I ’ll be fascinated to see what comes of it all .
The opening title sequence for Watchmen , which serves to modify historical events as we know them and quickly get audiences caught up with the Watchmen universe .
AROUND THE WEB
THE TALIBAN WING OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY ….
From time to time in recent years , liberals have identified the “ Taliban wing ” of the Republican Party — those conservatives who reject church - state separation , taking marching orders from James Dobson , and wonder why the government does n’t do more to promote and endorse their vision of Christianity .
The phrase is generally considered offensive by most Republicans , and it ’s easy to understand why .
Indeed , no U.S. political contingent wants to be compared to the Taliban .
It came as something of a surprise , then , to see a leading House Republican make the comparison unprompted .
Frustrated by a lack of bipartisan outreach from House Democratic leaders , Rep. Pete Sessions ( R - TX ) , chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee , said House Republicans — who voted unanimously last week against the economic plan pushed by President Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi — will pitch a “ positive , loyal opposition ” to the proposal .
The group , he added , should also “ understand insurgency ” in implementing efforts to offer alternatives .
“ Insurgency , we understand perhaps a little bit more because of the Taliban , ” Sessions said during a meeting yesterday with Hotline editors .
“ And that is that they went about systematically understanding how to disrupt and change a person ’s entire processes .
And these Taliban — I ’m not trying to say the Republican Party is the Taliban .
No , that ’s not what we ’re saying .
I ’m saying an example of how you go about [ sic ] is to change a person from their messaging to their operations to their frontline message .
And we need to understand that insurgency may be required when the other side , the House leadership , does not follow the same commands , which we entered the game with . ”
He added that if Democrats do n’t give the minority party more “ options or opportunities , ” Republicans “ will then become an insurgency . ”
I see .
So , a couple of weeks ago , Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina compared the Republican Party to “ freedom fighters ” fighting against a “ slide toward socialism . ”
This week , a House GOP lawmaker and chairman of the NRCC compared the Republican Party to an insurgency .
We ’ve gone from the Contra wing of the Republican Party to the Taliban wing of the Republican Party .
Asked to clarify , Sessions said he was n’t drawing a direct connection between the GOP and the Taliban .
“ I simply said one can see that there ’s a model out there for insurgency , ” Sessions explained .
Why do n’t negations between the White House and congressional Republicans produce more results ?
Perhaps because a few too many congressional Republicans are stark raving mad .
Update : MSNBC ’s “ First Read ” raises a very relevant point : “ Imagine what Drudge would do if a Democrat said this . ”
Mr Holdren says climate change is already causing widespread harm US President - elect Barack Obama has nominated two leading global warming specialists for key science posts in his administration .
Harvard physicist John Holdren will be Mr Obama 's scientific adviser while marine biologist Jane Lubchenco will head the US oceanic research body .
Both have advocated greater government action on climate change .
Their appointments have been seen as a sign of Mr Obama 's commitment to tackling environmental issues .
In his weekly address , Mr Obama said that " today , more than ever before , science holds the key to our survival as a planet and our security and prosperity as a nation " .
He said it was " time we once again put science at the top of our agenda " and that he was confident that the US could " lead the world into a new future of peace and prosperity " .
' Respectful '
Mr Holdren was described by Mr Obama as " one of the most passionate and persistent voices of our time about the growing threat of climate change " .
Ms Lubchenco has criticised the Bush administration 's scientific policies
He has said that climate change is already causing widespread harm and has called for a more robust government response .
Mr Holdren will become director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy ( OSTP ) and the co-chair of the Council of Advisers on Science and Technology .
He will share the latter post with Nobel Prize - winning scientist Harold Varmus and Eric Lander , a specialist in human genome research .
Mr Lander 's appointment has been seen as an indication of the importance of genetic research to the Obama administration .
Meanwhile , Ms Lubchenco will direct the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) which monitors global weather patterns and ocean currents .
She had criticised the Bush administration earlier this year for not being " respectful " of science .
" I am very much looking forward to a new administration that does respect scientific information and that considers it very seriously in making environmental policies , " she said .
Mr Obama , who takes office on 20 January , has now filled all the posts in the cabinet .
However all nominees must still be vetted and approved by the Senate .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ #image : / photos / 54cbf3e1fde9250a6c402f84 ]
|| |How did we get into this mess ?
Visit our archive “ Charting the Road to Ruin . ” Illustration by Edward Sorel .
|
| |
Also :
A quick rundown of what bonuses look like at seven big TARP recipients this year .
For many U.S. taxpayers , the bailout was infuriating enough on its own terms : $ 700 billion of public money in all ( $ 5,073 for every taxpayer ) given to Wall Street for bingeing on risky bets and pocketing the profits , living high and leaving the government to mop up the losses .
But … bonuses !
That was an incitement to riot .
And so , Thain ’s misstep notwithstanding , the top officers at six large tarp - infused firms declared they were forgoing bonuses this year .
The headlines were dramatic , and they seemed to work .
Editorial writers held their fire , public outrage cooled .
But did all this falling on swords really mean no bonus season on Wall Street this year ?
It did not .
Retreat in Style
The first cause for concern came well before the formal bonus season .
It was the much - reported $ 440,000 junket last September to the Tuscan - style St. Regis resort at Dana Point , California , enjoyed by 70 high - performing employees of insurance giant A.I.G .
The retreat , which included $ 23,000 for spa charges , was held less than a week after the company was promised its first $ 85 billion from a tarp fund separate from the one helping the banks .
In his office at 120 Broadway , Attorney General Andrew Cuomo started strategizing with his deputy counselor , Benjamin Lawsky , about how to stop what he would soon call “ unwarranted and outrageous expenditures ” by A.I.G.
Civil charges could be brought , he decided — and would , if A.I.G. persisted in exploiting taxpayers .
And so began a campaign on Cuomo ’s part to rein in A.I.G. that would broaden to include nine tarp - infused financial firms and their top officers ’ lingering hopes for bonus season .
Summoning A.I.G.’s new C.E.O. , Edward Liddy , to his office , Cuomo demanded an immediate end to junkets .
He threatened the company with legal action for “ fraudulent conveyances ” : engaging in business transactions without sufficient capital on hand .
A.I.G.’s legal team saw that as a stretch , as the law seemed more relevant to bankruptcy proceedings , and A.I.G. , thanks to taxpayer money , was n’t bankrupt .
But Liddy got the point and agreed to no more junkets .
Liddy had started at A.I.G. only a month before .
He ’d come from Allstate , and , at the Treasury Department ’s request , had agreed to work for $ 1 a year , at least until the company ’s fortunes improved .
His predecessor was the problem .
A.I.G. had let Martin Sullivan go last June after three quarters of hideous losses totaling $ 18 billion — but had not fired him .
Its directors had reasoned Sullivan was n’t responsible for the mountains of credit - default swaps — unregulated insurance - like contracts — that A.I.G. had written on mortgage - backed securities and had to make good on now that the supposedly risk - free securities had tanked .
So Sullivan had been free to leave with a package that included a $ 4 million pro-rated bonus , $ 15 million in severance , and other benefits then valued at $ 28 million , for a total of $ 47 million .
As for Joseph Cassano , the executive whose Financial Products division was responsible for all those C.D.S. ’s , he ’d left in February with a $ 1 - million - a - month consulting contract ( since discontinued ) and $ 69 million in deferred compensation .
Only six months before , in a widely reported quote , Cassano had said of the $ 441 billion portfolio of C.D.S. ’s he ’d bet would not default , “ It is hard for us , without being flippant , to even see a scenario with any kind of realm of reason that would see us losing one dollar in any of those transactions . ”
He is reported to have since repaired to his three - story town house in London ’s Knightsbridge district , on a bucolic square with a private garden , and his lawyer declined to respond to an e-mail from Vanity Fair .
Several people have asked him to stop .
But as of today , Salvatore Ballarino was still forwarding e-mails of jokes that make him chuckle -- and that , at times , make others feel very uncomfortable .
" I just sent six or seven out today , " he said .
" If I get an e-mail and I think it 's funny , I 'm going to send it out . "
Many people are questioning Ballarino 's judgment after the member of the all - volunteer Community Education Council District 31 forwarded an e-mail that has put Staten Island 's African American community into a fury .
The e-mail , a mock photo strip sent to about 30 people on Jan. 4 , shows a presidential debate between Barack Obama and John McCain , with speech balloons inventing a dialogue rife with racist jokes about black people .
The strip starts with McCain saying , " I have black people in my family tree , " followed by Obama saying , " Really ?
That 's great , " and McCain responding with , " If I recall , they 're still hanging there . "
After each of the four jokes -- with punch lines that compare African American babies with excrement -- Obama is shown with a straight face .
" It was n't what was said in the e-mails , it was the expression on Obama 's face " that was funny , Ballarino said .
" Let 's face it : Even now , he do n't have a clue what he 's doing .
Every time this guy opens his mouth , the market goes down 230 points .
So that was my whole point . "
But community leaders said the e-mail is far from funny .
" This guy [ Obama ] is Harvard - educated , " said the Rev. Dr. Tony Baker of St. Philip 's Baptist Church in Port Richmond .
" This individual is intelligent beyond anyone who has attained the position [ of president ] recently .
...
If anyone knows what 's going on , it 's the president of the United States . "
What 's most upsetting , he said , is that while Ballarino was appointed to the council to represent parents and children , the e-mail hardly demonstrates an appreciation of the different constituencies he is supposed to serve .
The Rev. Dr. Victor Brown , pastor of Mount Sinai United Christian Church , Tompkinsville , is also troubled by Ballarino 's behavior .
" There is absolutely no place in the fabric of this life for the thread of racially divisive characterizations sewn by Sal Ballarino .
His actions are irresponsible , despicable and in poor taste .
I intend to lend my voice to the chorus of those urging our borough president to take swift [ action ] in this matter . "
Rev. Brown called the comic strip , " totally offensive , " adding , " There is no place for that kind of rhetoric or propaganda in these difficult times . "
He added that he believes the comments " do not reflect the mind and heart of the borough president , " who , were he aware of it , " would be as apalled and offended as I and other minorities should be behind these racist characterizations . "
Said Rev. Brown : " Any jokes or propaganda that in any way belittles or berates another ethnicity is wrong whether it is an African American telling off - color jokes about other ethnicities or other ethnicities doing it towards African Americans -- it does n't matter what quarter it emanates from . "
Rep. Michael E. McMahon ( D - Staten Island / Brooklyn ) , reached this evening , said that he had n't seen " the material in question , " but said it concerned him that Ed Josey , head of the Island branch of the NAACP , was troubled by it .
" He 's a man of calmness and reason , " McMahon said .
" It caused alarm for me .
I 'm looking into it . "
McMahon said that " if called for , " Ballarino should step down .
If not , he said , Ballarino " should have a discussion with people like Ed Josey about it . "
Some who have worked with Ballarino said the e-mails are not reflective of his character and contend the incident was an isolated example of his using " poor judgment . "
" It 's unfortunate -- Sal has done much good work for this council , " said fellow CEC member Donald Pagano , who recently lost a race for North Shore city councilman .
" You just have to be careful , that 's the key .
You have to be careful of what you view and what you send out . "
But others said the disturbing e-mail was hardly the first that Ballarino , 67 , has sent .
People who have been on his e-mail list for several months said they even asked for him to stop sending them because they found the communiques upsetting .
In response , Ballarino said he has taken some people off his list .
While he acknowledged that some people might be offended -- " Did I make a mistake ?
Yeah , probably I should n't have forwarded that e-mail " -- he also said he does n't plan to stop forwarding the e-mails to other people .
" They 're jokes and cartoons -- nothing more , " he said .
" Besides , what are we becoming , a dictatorship ?
When they do away with the First Amendment , then somebody let me know . "
The NAACP and other community leaders were planning to protest at a CEC meeting tonight , but the meeting was postponed because of the weather .
The next meeting will be Thursday at 8 p.m. at the Petrides Educational Complex .
While the all - volunteer council does not have wide - ranging authority , it serves as a liaison between parents and the city Department of Education .
There are 11 members : Nine are elected by local PTAs and two -- including Ballarino -- are appointed by the borough president .
Ballarino served as a member of the now - defunct Community School Board from 1993 and was appointed by Borough President James P. Molinaro , when the CECs replaced the school boards in 2004 .
During his tenure , he has headed a number of committees , most notably school construction .
Molinaro did not return messages left on his home answering machine today .
His office released a brief statement saying " we are reviewing " the situation .
Other elected officials condemned the e-mail as insensitive , adding that an apology alone wo n't resolve the issue .
" The reality is , all people who are elected or appointed to a public office are held to higher standard , so whether something is perceived to be hurtful and racist or not , you have to treat it as if it actually were , " said Councilman James Oddo ( R - Mid- Island / Brooklyn ) .
" When you get an e-mail that you think will offend some people , you delete it . "
Oddo stopped short of saying Ballarino should resign .
Deputy Mayor Dennis Walcott said he has spoken with the NAACP , the chancellor and the mayor , but that before anything could be done , Molinaro must sit down with Ballarino and hear his side of the story .
" I find this offensive , " Walcott said .
" I think it 's really bad form for any individual , much less an individual representing a body like the CEC .
But at the same time , I think there 's a process . "
Will Havemann , a DOE spokesman , said the matter was being " taken very seriously . "
He said only the mayor , the schools chancellor or the borough president has the power to oust Ballarino , whose term ends on June 30 .
The borough president would then be responsible for appointing a replacement .
--- Contributed by Amisha Padnani , Peter N. Spencer and Kiawana Rich
From the beginning , political Zionism was a controversial movement even among Jews .
So strong was the opposition of German orthodox and reform rabbis to the Zionist idea in the name of Judaism that Theodor Herzl changed the venue of the First Zionist Congress in 1897 from Munich to Basle in Switzerland .
Twenty years later , when the British foreign secretary , Arthur Balfour ( sponsor of the 1905 Aliens Act to restrict Jewish immigration to the UK ) , wanted the government to commit itself to a Jewish homeland in Palestine , his declaration was delayed — not by anti-semites but by leading figures in the British Jewish community .
They included a Jewish member of the cabinet who called Balfour ’s pro-Zionism “ anti-semitic in result ” .
The creation of the state of Israel in 1948 has not put an end to the debate , though the issue has changed .
Today , the question is about Israel ’s future .
Should it become a “ post - Zionist ” state , one that defines itself in terms of the sum of its citizens , rather than seeing itself as belonging to the entire Jewish people ?
This is a perfectly legitimate question and not anti-semitic in the least .
When people suggest otherwise … they simply add to the growing confusion .
[ The contenders like ] “ Zionism comprises a belief that Jews are a nation , and as such are entitled to self - determination as all other nations are ” are doubly confused .
First , the ideology of Jewish nationalism was irrelevant to many of the Jews , as well as non-Jewish sympathisers , who were drawn to the Zionist goal of creating a Jewish state in Palestine .
They saw Israel in purely humanitarian or practical terms : as a safe haven where Jews could live as Jews after centuries of being marginalised and persecuted .
This motive was strengthened by the Nazi murder of one - third of the world ’s Jewish population , the wholesale destruction of Jewish communities in Europe , and the plight of masses of Jewish refugees with nowhere to go .
Second , you do not have to be an anti-semite to reject the belief that Jews constitute a separate nation in the modern sense of the word or that Israel is the Jewish nation state .
There is an irony here : it is a staple of anti-semitic discourse that Jews are a people apart , who form “ a state within a state ” .
Partly for this reason , some European anti-semites thought that the solution to “ the Jewish question ” might be for Jews to have a state of their own .
Herzl certainly thought he could count on the support of anti-semites .
What is anti-semitism ?
Although the word only goes back to the 1870s , anti-semitism is an old European fantasy about Jews .
The composer Richard Wagner exemplified it when he said : “ I hold the Jewish race to be the born enemy of pure humanity and everything noble in it . ”
An anti-semite sees Jews this way : they are an alien presence , a parasite that preys on humanity and seeks to dominate the world .
Across the globe , their hidden hand controls the banks , the markets and the media .
Even governments are under their sway .
And when revolutions occur or nations go to war , it is the Jews — clever , ruthless and cohesive — who invariably pull the strings and reap the rewards .
When this fantasy is projected on to Israel because it is a Jewish state , then anti-Zionism is anti-semitic .
And when zealous critics of Israel , without themselves being anti-semitic , carelessly use language , such as “ Jewish influence ” , that conjures up this fantasy , they are fuelling an anti-semitic current in the wider culture .
But Israel ’s occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip is no fantasy .
Nor is the spread of Jewish settlements in these territories .
Nor the unequal treatment of Jewish colonisers and Palestinian inhabitants .
Nor the institutionalised discrimination against Israeli Arab citizens in various spheres of life .
These are realities .
It is one thing to oppose Israel or Zionism on the basis of an anti-semitic fantasy ; quite another to do so on the basis of reality .
The latter is not anti-semitism .
But is n’t excessive criticism of Israel or Zionism evidence of an anti-semitic bias ?
In his book , The Case for Israel , Alan Dershowitz argues that when criticism of Israel “ crosses the line from fair to foul ” it goes “ from acceptable to anti-semitic ” .
People who take this view say the line is crossed when critics single Israel out unfairly ; when they apply a double standard and judge Israel by harsher criteria than they use for other states ; when they misrepresent the facts so as to put Israel in a bad light ; when they vilify the Jewish state ; and so on .
All of which undoubtedly is foul .
But is it necessarily anti-semitic ?
No , it is not .
The Israeli -Palestinian conflict is a bitter political struggle .
The issues are complex , passions are inflamed , and the suffering is great .
In such circumstances , people on both sides are liable to be partisan and to “ cross the line from fair to foul ” .
When people who side with Israel cross that line , they are not necessarily anti-Muslim .
And when others cross the line on behalf of the Palestinian cause , this does not make them anti-Jewish .
It cuts both ways .
There is something else that cuts both ways : racism .
Both anti-Jewish and anti-Muslim feeling appear to be growing .
Each has its own peculiarities , but both are exacerbated by the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , the invasion of Iraq , the “ war against terror ” , and other conflicts .
We should unite in rejecting racism in all its forms : the Islamophobia that demonises Muslims , as well as the anti-semitic discourse that can infect anti-Zionism and poison the political debate .
However , people of goodwill can disagree politically — even to the extent of arguing over Israel ’s future as a Jewish state .
Equating anti-Zionism with anti-semitism can also , in its own way , poison the political debate .
Brian Klug is senior research fellow in philosophy at St Benet ’s Hall , Oxford , and a founder member of the Jewish Forum for Justice and Human Rights .
The article has originally been published in The Guardian on 3 December 2003 .
Former Autodesk CEO Carol Bartz , 56 , has accepted Yahoo's offer to becoming their brand spanking new CEO , at least according to the Wall Street Journal .
This comes after Yahoo has seen a sharp drop in its stock price , and CEO and founder Jerry Wang decided to step down from the throne .
Bartz is currently the executive chairman of Autodesk .
She has also been an executive at Sun Microsystems , and sits on the board of Cisco , along with Yang .
Marijuana Anonymous is a fellowship of people who share our experience , strength , and hope with each other that we may solve our common problem and help others to recover from marijuana addiction .
The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop using marijuana .
There are no dues or fees for membership .
We are self - supporting through our own contributions .
MA is not affiliated with any religious or secular institution or organization and has no opinion on any outside controversies or causes .
Our primary purpose is to stay free of marijuana and to help the marijuana addict who still suffers achieve the same freedom .
We can do this by practicing our suggested Twelve Steps of recovery and by being guided as a group by our Twelve Traditions .
Marijuana Anonymous uses the basic 12 Steps of Recovery founded by Alcoholics Anonymous , because it has been proven that the 12 - Step Recovery program works !
Who is a marijuana addict ?
We who are marijuana addicts know the answer to this question .
Marijuana controls our lives !
We lose interest in all else ; our dreams go up in smoke .
Ours is a progressive illness often leading us to addictions to other drugs , including alcohol .
Our lives , our thinking , and our desires center around marijuana — scoring it , dealing it , and finding ways to stay high .
A Melbourne high school teacher has been found guilty of committing an indecent act on a child under 16 but has been cleared of a charge that she had sex with the student .
Nazira Rafei , 26 , sobbed as the verdict was delivered today after prosecutors had alleged she struck up a friendship with the 15 - year - old boy outside school .
It was claimed the pair had sex , hugged and kissed .
The jury also found Rafei not guilty of a second charge of committing an indecent act with a child under 16 .
During the two - week trial in the Victorian County Court , jurors heard the pair first met outside school during a teachers ' strike on Valentine 's Day last year .
His life had taken him from the northern tip of Sri Lanka to a pebble - dashed semi in north - west London and finally to a cold square in Geneva .
But it is for his death that the 26 - year - old Tamil , Murugathasan Varnakulasingham , is likely to be remembered .
A little after eight o'clock last Thursday night , the computing graduate and part - time Sainsbury 's shelf - stacker doused himself in petrol in Geneva and set light to his body outside the United Nations complex in the Place des Nations .
Police officers rushed to try to save Murugathasan , who stood " burning like a torch " , but he was too badly injured .
A few metres away , they found a letter typed in Tamil and English explaining why he had chosen to die : " We Tamils , displaced and all over the world , loudly raised our problems and asked for help before [ the ] international community in your own language for three decades .
But nothing happened ...
So I decided to sacrifice my life ...
The flames over my body will be a torch to guide you through the liberation path . "
Seven Tamils - including Murugathasan - have burned themselves to death in the past month to protest about the treatment of their people by Sri Lanka 's Sinhalese government .
Most were in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu , but on 14 February , another British - based Tamil allegedly tried to set himself on fire outside Downing Street , but was arrested before he could do so .
The wave of suicidal demonstrations has been provoked by the Sri Lankan government 's latest attempt to crush the Liberation Tamil Tigers of Eelam ( LTTE ) .
In an attempt to end the country 's 30 - year civil war , Colombo has dispatched 50,000 troops to the north - east of the island .
However , the offensive has left 200,000 civilians trapped between the two sides , and some estimates say 40 civilians are being killed each day .
Both sides stand accused of atrocities : the LTTE of using civilians as human shields and forcing people to join its ranks and the government of indiscriminate shelling and setting up internment camps for Tamils .
According to his younger brother , Velmurugan , Murugathasan had become obsessed with the suffering of the civilians and had begun to devour reports and images of what was going on in the country he left seven years ago .
" He was a very emotional guy and it just made him worse .
He could n't eat and he just cried . "
He added that the reports reminded his brother of the two years the family spent in a camp for displaced people in Kilinochi after the war forced them to leave their village in Jaffna .
" He always worried about the people who were going through what he had gone through . "
Although Murugathasan joined tens of thousands of fellow British - based Tamils on their protest march through London at the end of January , he could not shake a feeling of powerlessness .
" He went to Geneva saying that he was going to participate in the protests , " said Velmurugan .
" He kept talking about the guys who had burnt themselves in India , saying : ' They 're doing this for us .
What are we doing for them ? ' "
But Murugathasan gave his family no hint of his intentions and they remain convinced that his suicide was a spur - of - the - moment decision .
Velmurugan said : " He rang home last Monday , he sounded normal and said he would be coming back on Friday . "
His brother , he added , was not a tough guy .
" He was very soft .
If he fell and hurt his leg , he would cry . "
The family learned about the death through the Tamil media and said they had had no contact with the Swiss or British authorities .
His mother , who has been inconsolable , sat weeping in the living room of the family 's home in Harrow .
A few feet away was a makeshift shrine with Murugathasan 's picture on a table flanked by the television and stereo and surrounded by incense and flowers .
Thaya Idaikkadar , a local Labour councillor and chairman of the British Tamil Councillors and Associates , said : " He did not do this for himself or his family , he did it for his people .
He was pushed into it because the media wo n't tell people what 's going on . "
However , he was keen to add that Murugathasan 's actions could not be condoned .
" We do not support any form of suicide - our advice is that no one else should ever do what he did . "
The family is now trying to plan what they think could prove to be " a small state funeral " , with thousands of Tamils from all over the UK coming to pay their respects .
Velmurugan , though , is still struggling to understand what was going through his brother 's mind as he stood in the Place des Nations .
" Maybe he told himself : ' By losing my life I can save thousands of people . '
These were the only weapons he had .
He had only himself to burn . "
On Monday the Guardian carried a letter from Nick Gibson who told how he had taken over a pub in Islington , London , and had to apply for a new licence , which required the approval of a number of organisations , including the police .
" I was stunned , " he wrote , " to find that the police were prepared to approve – ie not fight – our licence on condition that we installed CCTV capturing the head and shoulders of everyone coming into the pub , to be made available to them on request . "
He wrote to his MP , Emily Thornberry , but got no reply until today when she sent a letter to the Guardian – a somewhat patronising note , suggesting that this was indeed a civil liberties issue and that the staff from the nearby local Labour headquarters should be able to come and go " without being stolen from and intimidated " .
She also used the opportunity to take a swipe at the local Liberal Democrat council , which has refused to install street CCTV in Islington .
Typically for a Labour MP , she did not answer the substance of Gibson 's complaint , which is that there seems to exist an unofficial policy of forcing pub licencees to install CCTV .
In effect , Gibson had been compelled to go along with the policy at his pub – the Drapers Arms – to keep making a living .
" When was it that the constant small erosion of our liberties became irreversible ? " he asked .
It is clear that the police do indeed have an unofficial policy that they implement in a thoroughly undemocratic manner when advising on licence applications – not on the merits of the case but on the applicant 's compliance with their policy .
I contacted the Metropolitan Police Service and asked what was going on .
Their statement read as follows :
The MPS overall does not have a policy of insisting CCTV is installed within licensed premises before supporting licence applications .
However , individual boroughs may impose blanket rules in support of their objectives to prevent crime and disorder and to assist the investigation of offences when they do occur .
Islington is one of the most densely populated districts for licensed premises in London and the borough 's licensing authority is committed to providing a safe environment in which to socialise .
Islington council has suggested that Gibson can withdraw his application , take away the CCTV cameras and apply again for the licence .
A sensible council would of course waive the need for this absurd procedure , and at the same time publicly state that it will stand against the surveillance creep that is blighting every city centre in Britain .
CCTV has its purposes but the idea that someone going for a pint must give up their privacy by having their image taken and stored is repellent to all notions of a free society .
Gibson has been put in a difficult position and I would expect the council to make the first move to resolve what is a minor but also crucial issue of privacy , which of course is guaranteed to each one of us by the Human Rights Act .
If it fails to do so , he might like to provide a mask at the entrances to his pub with a suggestion that if people want to drink in private they hold up the mask as they pass the cameras .
Or possibly drinkers may like to go equipped with their own mask .
A V for Vendetta mask seems appropriate ( £ 4.99 ) .
Perhaps there should be a V for Vendetta evening at the Drapers Arms .
If Gibson would like to suggest a date in the next two weeks , I will publicise it .
In the meantime , it is important that the police understand it is not their business to use their influence to make and implement policy affecting people 's privacy .
By Stephen Gibbs
BBC News , Mexico City
The US is offering a $ 5 m reward for Joaquin Guzman 's capture Forbes magazine 's latest list of the world 's billionaires includes Mexico 's most wanted man - Joaquin Guzman .
The 54 - year - old , who is said to be the head of one of Mexico 's most powerful drug cartels , is 701st on the list with an estimated fortune of $ 1bn ( £ 722 m ) .
Mr Guzman , who escaped from a Mexican prison in 2001 , is understood to be at large in Mexico or Central America .
Mexican officials blame much of the recent violence in the north of the country on Mr Guzman .
' Charismatic ' Forbes estimates that last year Mexican and Colombian traffickers made between $ 18bn ( £ 13 bn ) and $ 39bn ( £ 28 bn ) .
Mr Guzman 's slice of that pie comes from his assumed control of the Sinaloa cartel , which is named after the Mexican state in which it is based .
BILLIONAIRES IN 2009 Total number : 793 ( 1,125 in 2008 )
Net worth : $ 2.4tn ( $ 4.4tn in 2008 ) Women : 72 ( 99 in 2008 )
Average age : 63.7 ( 61 in 2008 )
Youngest billionaires lose money
For over a year the Sinaloa Cartel has been trying to oust a rival gang from the border city of Ciudad Juarez ; the turf war has left more than 2,000 people dead .
Those who have met Mr Guzman , who stands at just 5 feet tall ( 152 cm ) , describe him as a man of extraordinary charisma and intelligence .
In 2001 , he escaped from a Mexican jail in a laundry truck , having apparently charmed , and bribed the entire prison staff .
His wedding in 2007 to his 18 - year - old wife was so heavily guarded that the Mexican army did not attempt to arrest the groom .
Mr Guzman is not the first alleged drug runner to have made it into the illustrious ranks of the Forbes list of billionaires .
In 1989 , Colombia 's Pablo Escobar was ranked the 7th richest man in the world , with $ 25 bn ( £ 18 bn ) to his name .
There is no sign that global drug consumption is falling .
And as long as the demand remains , fortunes will be made .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Greek Unrest Spreads Solidarity Protests Across Europe Turn Violent
As Greece entered its sixth day of unrest sparked by the police shooting of a 15 - year - old boy , violence spread to other parts of Europe on Thursday .
Solidarity protests in cities including Rome , Madrid and Copenhagen turned into skirmishes between demonstrators and police .
, ” which opens UK theaters on March 13 , 2009 , directed by – no stranger to the criminal milieu on the evidence of his “ ” trilogy – the film takes a sideways glance at a ‘ monster ’ whose aggressive , often counter - intuitive exploits highlight paradoxes in the penal system as well as presenting a charismatic , vicious rogue who , to this day , playfully escapes easy appraisal from behind his cell door .( born Michael Gordon Peterson ) , who has spent a total of 131 days as a free man , however , has been pivotal in the script ’s development , and has worked closely with writers and producers to make sure that the most salient ( and brutal ) details of his life make it to the screen intact .
At first , a request by the producers of a movie about his life to have actorvisit him in jail was initially denied .
Actually , in 1999 , Bronson kidnapped a teacher visiting Fulsom Prison , working with five others to hold the visitor hostage at knifepoint for nearly two days .
Though the teacher was not hurt , it landed former boxer back in jail at the high - security Wakefield facility with a life sentence .
He has been limited to solitary confinement since the 1999 incident , however , when Bronson threatened to sue , the ruling was reversed .
Tom Hardy , who plays the criminal in crime - biopic told that he refused to judge the man he was portraying .
He has admitted to growing fond of Britain ’s most violent prisoner Charles Bronson .
“ Over the past four years I was speaking to him two or three times a week , ” Hardy said .
“ I grew very fond of him actually .
He ’s a very articulate , gentle , funny and clever man . ”
“ I had to put his past and facts behind him and my job was to study , observe and reflect a man who was in front of me .
There was no judgement from me , and I wanted to get as close to his characteristics and hear as many of his stories as I could to help my performance . ”
Hardy acknowledged that coming face - to - face with Bronson , who was jailed in 1974 for a failed armed robbery and had his sentence extended for repeated violent offences in prison , was a “ very odd situation ” .
“ I obviously ca n’t speak for any of his victims and I can only speak of my personal experiences . ”
“ The man I met was n’t a monster – massive anger problems yes , and hugely charismatic , but very insightful and interesting , ” Hardy added .
“ I always like a challenge , ” he says .
“ I like character work , a transformation where you get to change everything : face , shape , accent and daily routine . ”
From the few snaps available on the internet of the real Bronson , he looks the part .
Throughout Europe , music industry lobbyists have tried to convince ISPs to block file - sharing sites , and not without success .
The Irish ISP Eircom is the first to cave in to the pressure of the music industry , and without any argument will block all file - sharing related websites - starting with The Pirate Bay .
Last month , Eircom announced that at the behest of the music industry it will disconnect customers who are allegedly sharing copyrighted material .
Initially the ISP planned to stand up for its customers in court .
However , it did n’t have the courage of its convictions and the case was aborted .
Capitulating to the music industry ’s demands , Eircom agreed to start disconnecting those accused of illicit file - sharing .
But that was n’t enough .
Now the industry wants more and is ordering Eircom to block access to any sites it wants blocked .
And it does n’t end there .
Smelling blood , the music industry is ratcheting up the pressure and they are now demanding that all ISPs censor the Internet by blocking access to all file - sharing related websites ( more info and the full letter here ) .
And the worrying news is it ’s already a partially done deal .
The Irish Recorded Music Association ( IRMA ) has already convinced Eircom to comply , and is warning the other Internet providers in Ireland that they should follow suit , or face legal action .
The first and primary target is The Pirate Bay .
This comes as no surprise of course , as the music industry ’s IFPI has already succeeded in blocking the largest BitTorrent tracker in Denmark , after which they attempted to do the same in Norway and Italy .
In Italy the Internet providers initially complied , but this decision was later overturned in court .
As for the next targets for censorship – for which a list is currently being drawn up by Irma – this is how the industry ’s scheme will work .
Under the terms of an agreement between Eircom and Irma , Eircom will not oppose any court application , meaning that orders requesting the blockage of a particular website will be automatically granted .
A spokesman for Eircom confirmed that Eircom ‘‘ will not oppose any application [ Irma ] may make seeking the blocking of access from their network ’’ to ‘ blacklisted ’ websites .
The other Irish ISPs are now facing legal action from the music industry if they do n’t give in to IRMA ’s demands within seven days .
The ISPs are baffled by the aggressive approach by the music industry , and are calling for protection to prevent worse .
“ We do n’t support illegal activity on our network but this is an unprecedented agreement , ” said Alex French of Ireland ’s leading Wi -Fi service Bitbuzz .
“ Is the music industry planning to become Ireland ’s de facto internet censor ? ”
So it seems .
However , Eircom could be digging an even deeper hole for itself .
By agreeing to censor the Internet at the behest of not the police , but a private and commercially driven organization , it has effectively dumped its own common carrier protection .
Furthermore , The Pirate Bay ( or any other sites Ericom intend to block ) have never been deemed illegal in Ireland .
This has to be seen as a very worrying development .
So , open the floodgates , everyone is going to want sites blocked soon and if you ’ve got enough cash , it ’s on the cards with Eircom .
At the very least , let ’s hope Eircom is going to make its list of banned sites public , along with their reasons for blocking each and every site , properly referenced under the law .
And let ’s hope the rest of Ireland ’s ISPs stand up for themselves .
I ’ve just completed a PDF version of the Graphics module from the standard OCaml distribution , based on CamlPDF and following the conventions of Pierre Weis ’ Postscript version GraphPS .
The implementation is mostly straightforward , but there are are some complications – some shapes ( arcs etc. ) need to be approximated from bezier curves sections , since they do n’t exist as primitives in PDF ( Oddly , circles and arcs are primitive in PostScript ) .
In common with GraphPS , it does n’t yet support the bitmapped image parts of the Graphics module , though that would be easy to add .
Here ’s a particularly luridly coloured example ( source PDF here ) :
GraphPDF will ship with the next release of CamlPDF .
What might be nice for the future would be a single module shipping with OCaml which can be used as the ordinary graphics module would be , and then dump the result to PDF when required .
We ’d need to extend the graphics module with the ability to optionally keep a list of all commands executed thus far , but that ’s about all .
Getting the PDF output into Ocaml would require some license work on CamlPDF , though , so wo n’t happen yet .
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ( ACCC ) is warning of potential scams as people prepare to donate to the various bushfire appeals .
It says people 's generosity was exploited by scammers during the 2003 Canberra bushfires and the Boxing Day tsunami .
The ACCC says people should use their common - sense and refrain from sending money or giving details to anyone who is not known and trusted .
Posted by Robby Russell
Since publishing this article , I have given a talk on this topic at Rails Underground 2009 .
I invite you to checkout the slides
As mentioned in a recent post , I ’m hoping to share some lessons that were learned throughout the process of launching a client project .
Over the past few years , we ’ve been part of several dozen client projects and the big launch date is always an anxiety - filled , yet exciting point for the client and our team .
I wanted to provide a quick list of a few the things that our team considers vital before launching that next big project .
While most of these things might seem obvious , it ’s still good to cover the basics and I hope a few people find it helpful .
Hosting
Our company has been offering Ruby on Rails hosting for nearly four years and a few years longer with the PHP5 and PostgreSQL world .
Given that , we ’ve seen customers come to us at the last minute before they launch and wanting to get things setup and deployed right away .
Quite often , this is their first experience deploying a Ruby on Rails application and there has historically been a semi- steep learning curve to do this .
It ’s really encouraged that you get this stuff figured out ahead of time .
If you ’re lucky , some hosting companies might offer cheaper plans so that you can begin to get things setup a few months or ahead of time and upgrade your plan prior to the big launch .
This is how our Rails Boxcar hosting plans work .
We ’ve seen a lot of customers avoid engaging with a hosting company more than a week or two before their launch because they want to reduce their monthly expenses , but the reality is that if you end up saving yourself a few hours of work by not scrambling at the last minute to get things setup , the hosting costs will pay for themselves .
Several of our customers have learned this the hard way and as a result , this has resulted in extra stress that might have been avoidable if things had been ready earlier on .
The basic process that our team is to get a real deployment environment setup as early in the design and development process as possible .
Often times , this will be 4 - 6 months before launch on larger projects .
In our process , we aim to have a staging environment that mirrors our production environment .
We tend to use a Boxcar Lite plan for our own client projects and get the deployment process working and automated .
When it ’s time to launch , we can easily upgrade the Boxcars with more resources to one or more Plus plans .
If you ’re in the market for a hosting company , do keep us in mind , but if we can offer any advice , be sure to find out how you can scale upwards to meet your initial 3 - 6 month growth targets .
Do n’t worry about planning too far ahead in the future , until you see how traffic picks up and how the application and databases perform , you ’ll be spending a lot of time guessing without data .
If you ’re new to this and are n’t sure , I ’d encourage you to speak with a Ruby on Rails deployment specialist .
A few things to consider here :
Get your Capistrano or Vlad deployment tasks setup early .
Make sure everything works and set it up to work with multiple deployment environments .
( staging , production , etc. ) Use Boxcar Conductor with your Rails Boxcar .
( Boxcar Conductor on github )
Use the HTTP Basic Authentication , which is available in Ruby on Rails to keep peeping toms ( competitors , search crawlers , spammers , etc.. ) out of your project while you ’re deploying to your staging environment .
We tend to give out a .htaccess user / pass with this method to the stakeholders so they can access the site whenver they need to .
Rails documentation on HTTP Basic Authentication : view docs Watch a Railscast for using HTTP Basic Authentication : watch screencast
, which is available in Ruby on Rails to keep peeping toms ( competitors , search crawlers , spammers , etc.. ) out of your project while you ’re deploying to your staging environment .
We tend to give out a user / pass with this method to the stakeholders so they can access the site whenver they need to .
Get your automated tasks ( cron jobs ) setup way before launch .
Verify that things are working here at the right times Extra - credit : Check server time settings to make sure you ’re not running big tasks at time periods when heavy traffic is expected
Make sure your hosting provider has monitoring setup .
It ’s good to gauge uptime % from launch Extra- credit : Setup your own monitoring with Pingdom or similar service to make sure you know when things are down .
( You can audit your hosting provider this way ! )
There are a handful of really great hosting companies out there for Ruby on Rails .
Be sure to do your homework early !
This is n’t something you want to do at the last minute .
Reminder : Keep your project releasable at all times .
Search Engines and Analytics
Before the big launch , be sure that you have outlined a consistent pattern for managing the HTML page titles on each page .
Getting targeted traffic to your new web application is ( usually ) vital .
Our team has adopted a basic pattern that we use throughout the application .
This way we do n’t have to go through at the last minute and figure out where titles are and / or are n’t being set .
In a previous post , I shared a basic plugin that our team uses on projects to manage page titles on a view - by - view basis .
Additionally , be sure to take advantage of using descriptive permalink URLs .
Another tip is to setup your application with analytics ( google analytics is free ! )
If there is one thing that I wish we had setup from day one on every project in the past , was a set of conversion goals .
So , be sure to get into your analytics account and prepare your application so that you can track these goals from the moment your application is launched .
Collecting as much data about your visitor ’s usage habits is going to help you in the coming weeks and months as you tune things based off of feedback and this data .
Also , after you begin to introduce changes , you can analyze these metrics to verify that you ’re improving things and not the opposite .
So , be sure that you are doing the following :
Have implemented descriptive page titles and urls
Are ready to track your site visitor ’s usage habits from the starting gate Conversion goals for obvious things like : sign - ups / registrations , viewing your product tour , contact requests , etc .
When Things Go Wrong / Tracking Exceptions
What happens when things go wrong ?
We ’ve been amazed by how many projects we ’ve seen have been in production for months / years and lacking something that seemed so obvious .
Exception notifications !
All too often , we ’ve seen teams totally unaware that things were failing for their customers and not being reported to anybody .
The easiest way to track exceptions in the past was to use the exception_notification plugin that the Rails team manages .
You can have this plugin send your development team emails with a backtrace and all the goodies that ’d normally show up in a 500 error .
At a minimum , you should be using something like this .
Tip :
Make sure your hosting environment can send out emails !
( otherwise , you ’ll never know about these problems…eek ! )
However , in the last year , the Rails community has seen two options , Exceptional and Hoptoad introduced for managing exceptions .
Our team has only used Exceptional so far , because our good friends at Contrast invited us to be early beta - testers for their new service .
We love the Exceptional ’s integration with Lighthouse , which is the bug / issue tracking application that we ’re currently using .
With Exceptional , our team is able to search through and track exceptions in our application and have a good meter on the overall health of our application .
This solution works so much than the email - based approach because we can track which exceptions have been opened and sent to Lighthouse and if they ’ve been closed by someone already .
I ’ve heard great things about Hoptoad as well , but have yet to test it out .
Would be interested to read a comparison between the two and am curious if there are other services for this currently .
Non-default 404 and 500 pages
Honestly , this is one of those things that we tend to forget about until the last minute .
When you ’re launching a new project , you ’re bound to have a bug and / or a few broken links not accounted for .
What you want to avoid is having your customers end up on an unhelpful page that looks like this :
It does n’t take too long to put something together that is a bit more helpful for your visitors .
So , do yourself a favor and add a ticket for your designers to design a custom 404 and 500 pages to replace the defaults that are provided by Ruby on Rails in public / .
Hold your client ’s hands
If you ’re working with startups , do remember that this is quite possibly their first launch .
It ’s important to remember that they ’re going to be going through their own spectrum of feelings and it ’s our job to help get them through the process with an eased mind .
Show them that you have things covered , that things are ready to go , alert them when things pop up … in a nutshell .
Keep them informed about the challenges and do what you can help to manage their stress .
If they ’ve just contracted you for an extended period of time to help get their big idea designed and developed , remember that this launch is just the beginning of the race for them .
They have a big journey ahead of them and you just helped them get their new car engine built .
Make sure they know that things are likely to breakdown along the way , need to be refueled ( refactor ! refactor ! ) , and need service repairs .
The worst thing you can do is set the expectation that nothing will go wrong once their application is released into the wild .
They need to budget for this early on so that they can pace themselves after launch .
( this is a big topic definitely worth of it ’s own post )
Just remember that this should be a big celebration for your team and client .
Remember to celebrate !
( and then follow it with a retrospective )
In Conclusion
As mentioned , these are just a handful of things that we have learned to avoid overlooking ( through trial and error ) .
I ’m hoping to share more thoughts on launching in the near future and would love to hear from all of you on things that you ’ve come across .
What works ?
What does n’t work ?
What is on your checklist for launching successful projects ?
Related Articles
Tucked into an angular lounge chair in an Art Deco suite above Radio City Music Hall on Monday evening , Ann Coulter , the conservative author , was awaiting her would - be adversary , the liberal comedian Bill Maher .
She and Mr. Maher had agreed to face off in a series of debates over the next three nights , and Ms. Coulter was concerned that their material might go stale from repeated performances .
“ Bill wants me to behave like a wife who laughs each time she hears her husband tell the same story , ” Ms. Coulter said .
“ I told him I ’m not an actress , or I ’d have a bigger apartment . ”
A few minutes later , Mr. Maher , host of the HBO series “ Real Time With Bill Maher , ” entered the room , dressed in jeans and a Planet Hollywood jacket .
He hugged Ms. Coulter , and noted the high - heeled shoes she was wearing .
“ Did you get taller ? ” Mr. Maher asked .
“ I wanted to intimidate you , ” Ms. Coulter replied teasingly .
They sat as their moderator , Mark Halperin , an editor at large for Time magazine , explained the rules of the debate ( “ Basically , I ’m going to stay out of your way , ” Mr. Halperin said ) , then retired to separate dressing rooms .
Although I grew up thinking her collection was cheesy , the stacks of sticky cassettes that my mom would pop into our sky - blue station wagon feel as canonical and beloved to me now as the Psalms to a Bible scholar .
There ’s Patsy Cline swinging sad and sweet at the Opry , Cat Stevens whispering in the revolution in Tea For The Tillerman , Carol King feeling the earth move under her feet , Simon and Garfunkel wandering on the 59th Street bridge ...
At 12 , I begged her to let me blast Green Day or The Offspring , but Mom insisted on a steady diet of wholesome , not - too - loud post - hippie songwriters and folk interpreters to set me on the right track .
Of course , for Mom , ( who admitted to me the other day that she has never bought a single music CD for herself in her life and does n’t listen to music “ indoors ” ) the music was meant as pleasant background only .
Dad was different .
In the car when he popped in a jam he made you listen with him .
He turned it up loud .
And you did n’t speak during the song .
It was education .
It did n’t matter if I had friends in the car , if it was a particularly poignant verse or a swinging guitar solo like the one 28 minutes into The Allman Brothers ’ “ Mountain Jam , ” he ’d make everyone in the car sit silently .
When Duane went nuts on “ Drunken Hearted Boy ” or “ Statesboro Blues ” I could feel his breathless excitement .
Dad ’s passion was contagious .
In my room I started sitting in front of my Sharp boombox and listening harder , deeper .
And while Pops could probably die happy listening to only The Allman Bro ’s Live at Fillmore East and The Grateful Dead ’s What A Long Strange Trip
It ’s Been compilation on an eternal loop , just before I left home for good he showed me one last thing : the blues .
It was n’t a big overblown sermon but it stuck .
It started with Muddy Waters and the Chicago boys — Jimmy Rodgers , Howlin ' Wolf , Little Walter , Junior Wells , Otis Spann , James Cotton and later expanded to his faded college vinyl collection of Paul Butterfield , Robert Johnson and Taj Mahal .
Obvious , maybe , but when you ’re a dumb kid who wo n’t listen to Dylan because , “ the dude ca n’t sing or play the harmonica in tune , ” you need some serious help .
Hearing those old guys wail in the car just about blew my mind .
It was like lightning hitting me in the chest .
One of my father ’s obsessions , the Muddy Waters / Paul Butterfield collaboration Fathers and Sons served as the pivotal foundation .
It did n’t matter that I had been playing in a punk band named Labyrinth ; Wolf howling “ Smokestack Lightning ” was 10 times more bad - ass than anything I ’d ever witnessed .
It was n’t until college that I started really understanding what my father was talking about — why the music was important .
While everyone should pick up Muddy , Wolf , Johnson and the godfathers of the genre , I thought I ’d share a few of my favorite current blues artists and some good discs .
‘ Cause it sure as hell is n’t dead music , no matter what anyone says .
Carey and Lurrie Bell , Second Nature ( 1991 )
Pairing Lurrie Bell ’s piercing acoustic guitar with his father Carey ’s legendary mournful and accordion - like blues harp ( he played with Muddy Waters , Willie Dixon and Big Walter Horton ) Second Nature is one of those happy accidents that turns into something that ’s built to last .
Recorded on a whim for three hours during a tour of Finland , both father and son feed off each other in remarkable ways , even switching off the vocal duties from song to song .
The blues runs thick and pure in the family and after awhile it ’s hard to tell who is better or more soulful .
While Lurrie has a more emotional , gospel - tinged inflection reminiscent of Junior Wells , or even Jackie Wilson , the elder Carey has a lower , gravely and angrier sound .
The disc features both Carey originals and re-imagined blues staples like “ Key To The Highway ” and a sweet , funky Hendrixy version of “ Rock Me ” which features the younger Lurrie burning it up solo .
The brain - child of producer and fledgling festival booker Chip Covington , Second Nature came together when Covington booked the Chicago - based father and son for a strangely planned Scandinavian tour that brought them from Helsinki to backwater towns like Rovaniemi and Saariselka above the arctic circle in the middle of January .
As Covington describes , he did n’t plan on recording the duo but after witnessing their live sets night after night and traveling with them through the frightening blizzard conditions , “ I knew we had to find a studio to capture their acoustic miracle in a laid back setting . ”
He made a phone call and an hour later the two were in front of the microphones .
“ There was no rehearsal , ” Covington remarks about the session , “ There are no overdubs .
Everything was one take . ”
Which makes the results even more astonishing .
Joe Louis Walker , Silvertone Blues ( 1999 )
I picked up this album a little while back and ca n’t seem to get tired of it .
Bridging the gap between old - school Chicago blues and a more modern gospel - inflected sound , Walker does it all , playing slide acoustic , electric and dobro guitar , as well as blues harp and piano .
His slide work is particularly impressive — that kind of spooky backwoods sound that makes your hair stand up on end .
The best tracks are the country - blues duets between Joe and blues harp legend James Cotton , particularly “ Letting Go ” and “ It ’s You Baby , ” which has the kind of angular back - and - forth conversation that Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee would dig .
The small - room sound suits the duet fine and hearing Walker go off in screaming scats - style vamps as the harmonica billows back is awesome .
While the instrumentation varies from solo - acoustic and harp to more raucous band and piano driven tunes ( which can get a bit glossy ) the highlight by far is Walker ’s high - octane vocals .
Keith Dunn , Alone With The Blues ( 1998 )
For aficionados of the blues harp this is a must - have .
The whole shebang is Keith , his harp and his voice ( and his feet stomping away ) , that ’s it .
The fat warmness and intimacy of the recording is remarkable ; through all 14 tracks I never felt there needed to be a band .
In fact , the intimacy is what makes this thing so special — we hear every percussive breath and tooth - scrape coming out of the harp , and every gasp and shout coming from his throat .
Keith ’s high - speed , political - minded storytelling in “ Need To Make A Dollar ” and “ I Used To Have A Home , ” make this far more than just a blues exercise .
Inspired by the activism of songwriter J.B. Lenoir , Dunn sings about the alienation and anger that poverty seeds and with his deep , direct voice seemingly hanging in an electric void , we are compelled to listen .
His voice and harp tone surely brings to mind Sonny Boy Williamson in the way that he shifts in and out of taught anger and surprising sweetness with incredible ease .
My favorite tune is the first track , “ Strange Things Are Happening , ” which has a call and response line with the harp that sounds like a horn part .
Guy Davis , Stomp Down Rider ( 1993 )
Not sure where I found this guy but this album kicks so much ass .
The simple crunch - a - crunch E- blues has never sounded so nasty and full .
A sort of more refined old - time country - style picker in the model of Taj Mahal and Mississippi John Hurt , he does mostly old standards and jives them up big time .
And while upbeat tracks like “ Georgia Rag ” and “ Candy Man ” are more traditional and predictable , the angrier harp - tinged reworkings of “ Walkin ’ Blues ” and “ Wintertime Blues ” show that his percussive and melodic slide work on the 6 and 12 string is some of the best in the business .
A celebrated poet , actor and director as well as bluesman , Davis was born in New York City and taught himself how to play ( it ’s said that he learned much from a mysterious nine - fingered guitar player he met on a train trip to Boston ) .
His voice reminds me of a young Wolf with more vulnerability .
He often ends the tunes with gorgeous ringing connected harmonics — a decidedly modern twist on what is largely a disc of pre-war ragtime style ruminations .
Produced by Thom Wolke , it ’s one of the best live blues albums I ’ve heard in some time — it feels like you ’re in the first row .
German Fried Chicken Tender , Juicy Obama Fingers Hit the Shelves
A German frozen food company hopes to raise sales with a new product : Obama fingers .
The tender , fried chicken bits come with a tasty curry sauce .
The company says it was unaware of the possible racist overtones of the product .
President - elect Barack Obama 's pick for energy secretary , Dr. Steven Chu , is a Nobel Prize - winning scientist who's on the record calling coal a " nightmare " and advocating raising U.S. gas taxes to European levels to promote conservation .
( Here 's video of the speech ; the " nightmare " quote comes 28 minutes in . )
Mr. Obama himself has so far dismissed the idea of raising gas taxes , and worked hard during his campaign to reassure the utility and coal industries that he did n't plan radical steps to slash the use of coal in power generation .
This apparent difference of opinion between Mr. Obama and his likely nominee is just one of the many red flags waving as Washington gears up for the most ambitious effort to remake America 's energy policy since Jimmy Carter slipped on a cardigan .
If you think Washington 's debate over whether to bail out General Motors Corp. and Chrysler LLC is acrimonious , wait until the debates over energy and climate change policy start .
The auto bailout debate has become a proxy for the coming clashes over energy strategy .
Some green - conscious Democrats argued that Detroit 's car makers should be compelled to use federal subsidies to accelerate improvements in mileage .
Others from both parties questioned how companies that have mostly lost money on small cars and hybrids will suddenly find ways to make them profitable .
With the collapse of the proposal last week , the specifics may be moot .
But the underlying argument about Washington 's role in guiding industry 's behavior on energy issues is just getting started .
There are areas of American economic life that are n't affected by energy costs .
It 's just hard to think of many .
Detroit 's woes are directly linked to energy costs .
When oil prices go up , Detroit goes down .
Some servers die quietly in their racks , with little fanfare .
But not these servers .
Some failed to meet expectations .
Others were found to be convenient fodder for marketing stunts .
All of them had their demise preserved on video and posted on the Internet .
We present the Data Center Knowledge Gallery of Exploding Servers , with some falling and crushing servers thrown in for good measure .
( Note : please do n't try any of this at home , or anywhere else .
If you have issues with your servers , live vicariously through these videos ) .
REPURPOSED BY THE MARKETING DEPARTMENT :
GoGrid , the cloud computing unit of San Francisco 's ServePath , recently launched a series of promotional videos at NoHardware.com in which Dr. GoGrid ( actually CEO John Keagy ) presides over the spectacular demolition of a pile of server hardware .
As part of its " Disaster - Proof " marketing campaign , HP blew up a data center 's worth of equipment to demonstrate the failover capabilities of its technology .
And , of course , to create a bitching explosion .
" We 're going to blow this data center to bits , " the announcer promises .
And they do .
( The failover capabilities are okay , too ) .
" YOU HAVE DISAPPOINTED ME FOR THE LAST TIME ! "
The staff at ShopperMagic decided to give one of their web servers an early retirement " in a manner that allowed us to ' feel good ' because it had kept support staff up for many nights trying to sort it out . "
The server gets a reprogramming it will never forget .
In this video , a YouTube user with a clear enthusiasm for firearms offers a video of " me sending my netserver LH - pro out in style with a 2 pound mongo exploding target and a mosin nagant . "
Not sure what all that means , but it clearly gets the job done .
We 're not sure what sins this server has committed , but the video maker says that " 100 grams of C4 " were used in dispensing justice .
The action commences at the 35 - second mark .
Not enough ?
Check out videos of Flying and Crashing Servers
This Friday is Red Nose Day .
You can not be reminded too often if you tune in to the BBC 's radio or television channels , or log on to its website .
Nothing illustrates the patronising attitude of the corporation more graphically than its wholesale hijacking of charitable causes with Comic Relief and its equally nauseating bedfellow Children In Need .
This time around , someone has come up with the irritating mantra " do something funny for money " , which is beginning to poison my brain .
If I hear another trail for the hapless four BBC presenters who are telling unfunny jokes in their new careers as stand - ups , I 'll chuck my radio out of the window .
The phrase " comedy is the new rock ' n ' roll " was coined ( possibly by me ) well over a decade ago .
Well , forget that now .
Comedy is limp , lifeless and about as threatening as my Auntie Vi's Victoria sponge .
Comedy has rolled over and given up being subversive .
It has turned into something ( like potato prints and papier - mâché ) that even the most dreary bod can excel at .
Try listening to 30 seconds of Libby Purves telling a joke if you want any convincing .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Comedians are queueing up to appear on Comic Relief .
So are presenters , such as Fern Britton , celebrity chefs from rival channels , Davina McCall , Jamie Oliver , the list is endless .
The reason ?
It is brilliant exposure and they tend to share the same agents .
Even I got asked to film a message " supporting " Dom Joly in some dancing escapade ... a request I had no trouble in declining .
Comic Relief does raise a lot of money for worthy causes , although there is increasing debate about how much long - term good this kind of aid to Africa actually achieves .
A controversial new book , Dead Aid by the Zambian - born economist Dambisa Moyo , asks whether Africans would be better helped through trade and less foreign intervention .
My beef is that the whole notion of helping those less fortunate than ourselves is a private matter , and in a recession the increasingly strident voice of the entertainers rattling the Comic Relief begging bowls is beginning to sound inappropriate .
It is not as sexy , for example , to point out that one in four pensioners right here in the UK is living in poverty .
How about helping them ?
I know that by writing this , I am branded as a non-believer , a curmudgeon who will incur the wrath of Richard Curtis and his saintly bands of chums .
But what about the licence fee - payers who prefer to give privately to charity ?
Why should they have so much of the BBC 's output devoted to a public display of self - satisfied do - gooders ?
The fact is , most of us do n't need to stick on a red nose and do something funny for money , we can just quietly dip into our pockets and make a donation , or we can give our time to helping those closer to home who urgently need support .
A lot of the entertainers gracing our screens on Friday night will be engaged in self - promotion – flogging their brands along with their new records , their latest books and their DVDs .
They are – along with the much - reviled bankers – some of the highest - paid people in the country .
I am not impressed that they bravely take a few days out of their busy schedule to visit Africa and be photographed with grateful orphans .
The whole ego trip of such exercises is thoroughly nauseating .
In the distant future , historians will surely find it bizarre that at the start of the 21st century , a middle - aged multi-millionaire rock star called Bono toured the world telling elected politicians about poverty , while the citizens of a highly developed society called Britain decided they could best collect charitable donations by wearing a red plastic nose and dressing up as a turkey .
Why do we seek public approval for giving to worthy causes ?
Because the me generation always put itself first .
Was BMW heiress seduced while starved of her senses ?
The story of the serial gigolo who managed to seduce one of Germany 's richest women and extract millions of pounds from her provides a really good reason not to visit those over - priced houses of misery and delusion called spas .
What happens in a spa is that you spend so much time having your thighs pummelled , your midriff slathered in hot mud and your digestive system sluiced out by aggressive enemas , you lose all sense of reason .
Light - headed on a diet of raw food , a few nuts , hot water and a slice of lemon , you are reduced to something resembling a bit of protoplasm wearing a fluffy bathrobe .
Look at the Lembik Opik lookalike Helg Sgarbi ( about as seductive as a junior accountant ) and ask yourself how the BMW heiress Susanne Klatten , said to be worth £ 8.5 bn , could give him the time of day , let alone have sex with him in a Holiday Inn .
One of his previous victims gave him £ 28 m , but Sgarbi kindly gave back £ 25 m when her friends threatened to go to the police .
No wonder he was smirking in court when he was sentenced to six years in jail .
He has managed to accrue a considerable sum of money from naïve women .
Kitchen knives drawn in dining debate
When I wrote recently about sub-standard , over - priced food and pitiful service in restaurants , dozens of you wrote and emailed in agreement .
One reader even suggested we should tour the country awarding JSP - approved ratings to places that come up to scratch .
Well , I 'm not going to give up the day job , but plenty of you are brassed off with being over - charged for meals you could cook better at home .
Paul Heathcote owns the Preston restaurant where I had a lousy meal , and was miffed by my criticism .
He told the Lancashire Evening Post that because I had eaten bush tucker in I'm A Celebrity ...
I had no tastebuds , adding : ' I 'm nervous that our customers would think she is coming here – that might put them off . "
Sadly , Mr Heathcote 's attempt at humour has backfired , with locals writing to the newspaper to agree that the Olive Press is mediocre .
The comments include " service is dreadful ; JSP is spot on " ; " over - priced , rubbish food " ; " keep away at all costs " ; " he needs to go on a customer awareness course " and " the staff have a could n't - care - less attitude " .
Over to you , Mr Heathcote .
The Obama administration should come out of the gate with a comprehensive economic program that has two pillars in addition to a fiscal stimulus package .
One would prevent housing prices from overshooting on the downside by making mortgages cheaper and more available and reducing foreclosures to a minimum ; the other would enable banks to resume lending by adequately recapitalizing them .
It would take several months to implement the program and a further period before it impacts the economy .
But in the meantime , people could see that there is a way out , and that would help mitigate the severity of the downturn .
Adequate ...
The Boston Globe is reporting that scientists may have found an Achilles ' heel for the flu virus , one that would allow a vaccine to be prepared that need only be given once , not once every season !
The problem with vaccinating for viruses -- one of the few real problems , not ones that are made up by antiscientists -- is that viruses mutate .
You can train your body 's immune system to fight a virus , but then the virus changes shape and can maneuver past your defenses .
What 's new here is that scientists at the Dana - Farber Cancer Institute have found a stable part of the flu virus , something that does n't change over time .
Target that , and blammo : dead virus .
It 's not that simple , of course , and will take time to develop .
But a lot of independent scientists are calling this a breakthrough .
And even better , it looks like this stable component is in lots of different flu viruses , including the avian flu and the Spanish flu ( which caused millions of deaths in the 1910s and was a major reason World War I ended ; it killed a lot of people ) .
In other words , if this works out , it 'll be an incredible medical breakthrough .
But that 's what medical science does : it keeps moving along , doing the needed research , finding the way medical problems actually occur , and then seeking out solutions .
it does n't always work , but it learns from its mistakes .
And the next thing you know , smallpox is gone .
Polio is gone .
Ignore it , or worse , fight it , and measles crops back up and starts killing kids .
The choice between science and nonsense is clear .
Choose wisely .
Tip o' the needle to Scott Hurst on Twitter .
For the past 35 years , Mario has been running , jumping , and saving the Mushroom Kingdom from bad guys , and he could n’t have done it without you .
Thank you for always being there to help Mario on his incredible adventures .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
If you ever feel like the Right is getting a little too friendly towards Obama , Human Events ’ mailing list ( which it rents out to other right - wing groups ) will quickly dispel that notion .
The latest item to come over that wire is an email from ExposeObama.com that claims Obama will destroy the military by letting gays serve openly .
“ You can STOP this unholy alliance between Barack Hussein Obama , those who hate America and our men and women in uniform , and the radical homosexual movement , ” ExposeObama claims , if you are willing to send spam faxes to the Republican and Democratic congressional leadership .
Aside from the homophobia , the most pathetic thing about this email is how ineffective it is likely to be .
The country has changed a lot since the early 1990 ’s , when Bill Clinton faced a political firestorm over the issue of gays in the military .
Today , a policy that costs the US military 4,000 troops a year just is n’t that popular .
Three - quarters of Americans , including 64 percent of Republicans and a majority of evangelicals , support allowing gays to serve openly .
That ’s one reason , as Kevin noted last week , Obama press secretary Robert Gibbs could say this :
Questioner :
Is the new administration going to get rid of the “ do n’t ask do n’t tell ” policy ?
Gibbs : Thaddeus , you do n’t hear a politician give a one - word answer much , but it ’s yes .
So ExposeObama is right about one thing : Obama is going to allow gays to serve openly in the military .
But the rest of the email just highlights how out of touch with today ’s America the far Right really is .
Towards the end , ExposeObama quotes Colin Powell , who “ perhaps said it best ” in a “ 1993 letter to then - Congresswoman Patricia Schroeder ” :
Skin color is a benign , non-behavioral characteristic .
Sexual orientation is perhaps the most profound of human behavioral characteristics .
Comparison of the two is a convenient but invalid argument .
But today , even Powell thinks the policy should be reviewed .
In December , he told Fareed Zakaria , “ We definitely should re-evaluate [ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ] .
It ’s been 15 years , attitudes have changed .
This is not 1993 , this is 2008 .
We should review the law . ”
Part of ExposeObama ’s argument against DADT ’s repeal is their theory that homophobic soldiers will not reenlist , thereby causing a huge outflow of gay - haters from the military .
As Mother Jones has noted before , there are certainly some homophobes in the military .
But they ’re a minority .
Most service members will learn to deal with being around openly gay people at work — they ’d probably have to do so in the private sector , too .
And as Ezra Klein points out , we ca n’t let the blackmail of closeted people in the military continue .
“ DADT makes no more sense than a straight ban , ” Klein writes .
He ’s right .
8:51 PT - Jason Snell : Hi everyone .
Jason Snell here from the Apple Keynote at Macworld Expo .
Dan Moren is with me as well , and we 'll be reporting to you live as Phil Schiller takes the stage to present new Apple announcements ( we hope ! ) in a few minutes .
8:53 PT - Dan Moren : Hello live update followers .
As Jason said , we 're ready to type furiously from the second row here at the keynote .
So close that we can see the fabulous lines of Phil Schiller 's impeccable hairdo .
These are the details that you want — nay , need to know .
8:54 PT - JS :
This is the portion of the show where Dan and I tend to talk about the music that Apple 's playing as the hall fills up .
And indeed , we just had The Killers , though I can't quite place who 's singing the current selection .
The press and Macworld Expo speakers have been seated and the rest of the hall is filling up right now .
There 's a definite rumble of people talking behind us .
8:55 PT - DM : I can't hear precisely what they 're talking about , but I imagine it's in reference to the lovely San Francisco weather we 're having .
I mean , what else is there to talk about , really ?
8:57 PT - JS :
Not to throw out a sports analogy , but really , we cover these live events as if they were sporting events .
Dan will be providing the play - by - play , I 'll be your color commentator , and Macworld 's own Dan Frakes , perched between us , is our " spotter . "
He 's the guy we 'll go to if we miss a particular dollar figure or specification for a new product .
So thanks in advance to Dan and the rest of the team surrounding us this morning .
We hope we can help make this final Apple keynote at Macworld Expo a good one .
8:59 PT - DM :
You 've brought a tear to my eye , Jason .
We 're getting underway .
They 've asked us to silence our cellphones and paging devices as a courtesy .
They did n't say " iPhones " this time , though .
8:59 PT - JS : Coldplay follows the announcement to silence our cellphones and paging devices .
Does it say something about me that I can recognize The Killers and Coldplay ?
I will say this : the music we 're hearing does not sound like it was played directly from Steve Jobs 's iPod .
By which I mean , no sign of Bob Dylan .
9:00 PT - DM :
That 's because it 's Phil 's iPod , Jason .
That 's the way the Schiller rolls .
9:01 PT - JS : It 's " Life in Technicolor II " by Coldplay , from the recent EP Prospekt 's March .
Wow , I know as much about Coldplay as Dan Frakes knows about Jack Johnson .
( That 's a callback to a previous Apple event -- we promise to stop being quite as self - indulgent once we get started with actual keynote material . )
9:02 PT - DM :
Which should be any moment now , as the hour has just ticked past 9AM .
9:03 PT - DM :
And there go the lights .
We 're dimming and the show is ready to being .
Here comes P{hil up on the stage .
For those wondering about wardrobe , he 's wearing a blue collared shirt and jeans .
And looking well coiffed as always .
He gets a nice round of applause as he comes on stage .
9:04 PT - DM : " I ca n't tell you how much I appreciate you all showing up . "
That got a laugh from the audience .
Phil 's gonna start off with a little overview .
First thing we 're going to talk about is how great the Apple Stores are , talking about the Beijing store they opened last year .
Munich .
Sydney , Australia .
He 's pointing out the crowds of people .
" What other company 's logo could you ever imagine in that photo ? "
9:04 PT - JS : A very nice aknowledgement of the issues around this keynote without actually bring up the details .
Deftly handled .
9:05 PT - DM : 3.4 million customers visiting an Apple Store around the world every week .
That 's 100 Macworlds each and every week ( ouch ) .
The Mac is still an important part of business .
" And so today is all about the Mac .
I think that 's appropriate , at Macworld , to talk about the Mac . "
9:06 PT - DM : 2008 was the biggest year in the history of company in Mac sales , sold 9.7 million Macs .
They grew over twice as fast as the rest of the industry .
A picture of the very , very shiny Mac product line .
It 's all aluminum , baby .
" If you want to hear a few new things today — and I assume some people do . "
Phil's got three new things for us today .
9:07 PT - DM :
An entire new version of iLife .
It 's iLife '09 .
Check that one off the list .
i Life is " one of the reasons people buy a Mac today . "
Phil says there 's nothing like it on any other platform , despite what the people " up north " think .
9:08 PT - JS :
Is it me , or are the references to Microsoft seeming old fashioned these days ?
Is Microsoft even a worthy competitor anymore ?
Especially when it comes to what Apple 's doing with iLife ?
I think the time has come for Apple to just ignore what Microsoft is or is n't doing .
9:08 PT - DM : Brand new iPhoto '09 .
Last year they introduced " Events " , which took thousands of photos and turned them into a few hundred events .
This year they 're adding " Faces . "
Would n't it be great if you could organize your photos around the people you know ?
There 's a new item , Faces , in the Library pane .
When you click on it , you get a corkboard of snapshots of your favorite people .
How does it work ?
9:09 PT - DM : Turns out it uses face detection .
It highlights the face and asks you to give them a name .
Click on it , type in a name ; it adds a snapshot .
Then it uses face recognition to find the same person across multiple photos .
( Senior Editor Jon Seff wonders if it works with pets — good question ! )
You can click to confirm it 's a picture of the person , or double - click to say it 's not them .
Phil says it 's not perfect , but it 's the best technology they 've found .
9:11 PT - JS : I 'm gonna guess that it does n't work with pets , but we 'll get back to you on that one .
9:11 PT - DM :
They 're adding a third way to help you find your favorite photos , called " Places . "
Would n't it be great if you could organize by place ?
Click on Places in the Library and you get a map with pins for where your photos are .
It uses GPS Geotagging , integrated in many new cameras and in " the most advanced cell phone on the market . "
( It 's the iPhone - maybe you 've heard of it ? )
Phil explains that your geotag stores your longitude and latitude .
9:13 PT - DM :
What about the photos you took where you did n't have a geotag ?
You can assign a location to existing events by just typing in where you went ( integration with Google Maps ) .
You can double click to zoom in , go to street level , and click on any pin to go to the photos you took there , even if they were taken at different times .
They 've got satellite imagery as well .
9:14 PT - JS : iPhoto has a database of place names , too , so you do n't just have to navigate to the map .
You can , for instance , type " Yosemite " , and it'll zoom in
9:15 PT - DM :
Those would be enough , says Phil , but they 've also added support for Facebook & Flickr .
If you have Facebook set up , click the Facebook button and it sends the photo to Facebook .
And if someone assigns a name to a person in your photo , the name gets synced back down to Facebook .
And you can upload to Flickr with your geotags , etc .
9:17 PT - DM :
There 's a new panel for slideshows .
Just click an Event , and it gives you built - in themes as options .
He 's playing a slideshow with Vince Guaraladi's " Linus & Lucy " in the background .
They actually use the face detection to properly place the photos in your slideshow , so the faces are centered .
The " shattered " theme is pretty cool looking .
It 's hard to describe , but it kind of pulls the photo apart and then reassembles the next one .
You can save iPhoto slideshows directly to iTunes so it syncs to your iPhone and you have the same slideshow there .
Nifty .
9:18 PT - JS : Intelligently dealing with photos in order to keep faces from getting misplaced in a slideshow is great , since that happens all the time when you generate random slideshows .
9:19 PT - DM :
They 've added more themes to printing and books .
There 's a " Travel Books " theme now which actually incorporates maps into your books , using the geotagging .
Available in soft - and hardcover .
And it 's demo time !
9:20 PT - DM : He 's showing us Faces .
But where 's Steve ?
No pictures of Steve ?
I kind of wonder how this Faces feature will work with pictures as bad as the ones that I take .
Or where the faces are n't front - and - center .
It 's a cool idea , though .
9:21 PT - JS :
So when you are looking at an image in iPhoto , there 's an Add Name button you can click .
Then it draws a box around the face ( face detection in action ) with a box below it that says " unknown face . "
You can click and add a name .
Then it tries to find that face in other photos .
In another photo , it might ask , " Is this [ name ] ? " and you can say yes or no , teaching it what the faces are .
9:22 PT - DM :
So the face detection pulls up all the other photos in your library that it thinks might be the person you 've identified .
If you drag over , you can confirm multiple photos .
And as you identify more photos , iPhoto can do a better job of identifying the faces from your library ( kind of like the way your spam filter improves ) .
9:23 PT - DM : iPhoto can also make a Smart Album that shows you all the picture of a particular group of people , like your family : drag multiple faces into the sidebar and it creates a smart album with pictures that contain at least one of those people .
9:24 PT - DM : On to places .
We 're going to look at the map and zoom in on some pictures taken in Aspen : it shows you all the photos taken at that location even over multiple events .
If you 're adding a location to events , it auto - suggests locations from its databases .
9:25 PT - DM : Wow .
In one event taken with a geotagging - capable camera , it zooms into the city level and shows you the locations within the city where each photo was taken .
You can hover over any of them and it shows you which photos were taken where .
Phil clicks on the Eiffel Tower and it shows just the pictures taken on the tower .
9:27 PT - DM :
There 's a second view in Places , column view .
Lists all the places you 've taken photos : countries , cities , states , locations — looks a lot like the " browse " view in iTunes .
That 's Faces and Places in iPhoto '09 .
9:27 PT - JS : Man , Apple is going to sell a lot of GPS - capable camera equipment .
9:28 PT - DM :
That 's just the first product .
Now we 're moving onto iMovie .
Somewhat hesitant applause from the people who kind of preferred iMovie ' 06 , I think .
Not every feature made it in when they rewrote iMovie back in '08 .
They 've added " depth and power . "
9:29 PT - JS : iMovie '09 : The Apology !
In a nice way Phil admits that a lot of people were frustrated by the limitations of the last version .
9:29 PT - DM : A new precision editor , expanded timeline view for advanced users .
Advanced drag & drop : it gives you the option to replace , insert , use audio only .
New dynamic themes with titles , transitions , even credits .
Animated travel maps : now you too can be Indiana Jones !
9:30 PT - JS :
In terms of serious interface features mentioned during the keynote , the " precision editor " wins the prize .
Dynamic themes and animated travel maps are fun but maybe window dressing .
And automatic video stabilization !
Nice one .
9:30 PT - DM : Automatic video stabilization to help take away the caffeine jitters .
So let 's take a look at the demo .
And they 've asked the engineer who recreated the movie to come up : Randy Ubillos , Chief Architect of Video Applications .
9:31 PT - JS : Randy was the guy who came up with the original software that became iMovie ' 08 .
Do n't blame him , friends -- iMovie '08 is great for what it is .
The fact that it replaced the old iMovie , that was n't Randy 's doing .
He 's a really smart guy , and it will be interesting to see just how much Apple has done in iMovie '09 to address the issues with iMovie '08 and make it a more suitable tool for people who need to do more advanced work .
9:32 PT - DM :
He 's skimming along to take dialog from one segment , then dropping it in the project ; he gets the audio only part and it layers that in under the other videos .
That kid 's acting is worse than Jake Lloyd in The Phantom Menace , though .
9:33 PT - JS :
The pop -up item that lets you select what you want to do with a clip -- insert it , just insert the audio , etc. , is going to add a huge amount of power to iMovie .
Really nice .
Ca n't wait to get my hands on it .
And I like iMovie ' 08 .
iMovie skeptics , feel free to remain skeptical .
We 'll report more when we get our hands on it .
9:33 PT - DM :
The new " action " pop - up shows the precision editor .
It shows all the different material that could be used for the edit ; just a click lets you move the edit seamlessly .
You can easily join two clips together and set the point at which you want to cut between them .
If the audio is n't as smooth as the video , you can edit the audio separately from the video , extending audio from the first clip over audio from the second clip to cover the sound differences .
That 's nice .
9:35 PT - DM :
There 's a new Project Library that shows you all your film clips .
Showing us a clip taken in a jeep in Africa .
But iMovie does stabliziation ; it figures out the motion by comparing frames to subsequent and previous frames .
Okay , that 's pretty darn impressive .
9:36 PT - JS :
That is one of the most impressive demo tricks I have ever seen .
( I imagine he 's using a Mac Pro with a zillion cores to demo the image - stabilization feature , but it 's still very cool . )
It seems almost improper to suggest that fortune was smiling on Tsutomu Yamaguchi in the dying days of the second world war .
On 6 August 1945 , he was in Hiroshima , preparing to return home from a business trip when the American B - 29 bomber , the Enola Gay , dropped an atomic bomb on the city .
Yamaguchi lived , while 140,000 other people who were in the city that morning died , some in an agonising instant , others many months later .
Burned and barely able to comprehend what had happened - only that he had witnessed a bomb unlike any used before - Yamaguchi spent a fitful night in an air raid shelter before returning home the following day .
That home , 180 miles to the west , was Nagasaki .
His arrival came the day before it was devastated by a second US atomic bomb on 9 August .
In a barely conceivable course of events , he had twice been perilously close to nuclear ground zero ; and both times he had lived .
More than 70,000 other residents of Nagasaki were not so lucky .
More than 60 years later , the 93 - year - old became the first and only known survivor of both attacks yesterday to win official recognition from Japanese authorities .
While other survivors died prematurely from cancer and liver disease caused by their exposure to radiation , Yamaguchi remains in relatively good health apart from near - deafness in one ear and complaints that his legs are " growing weak " .
Japanese records show dozens of people experienced the blast in Hiroshima only to be exposed to " residual radiation " in Nagasaki three days later .
But Yamaguchi is the first to have been at ground zero when both explosions occurred .
According to a newspaper interview Yamaguchi gave on the 60th anniversary of the end of the Pacific war , he had spent the conflict designing oil tankers for Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , a wartime zaibatsu , or conglomerate , whose shipyards dominated the Nagasaki skyline .
After a three - month stint at the firm 's yards in Hiroshima , Yamaguchi and two colleagues , Akira Iwanaga and Kuniyoshi Sato , prepared to return to Nagasaki on 7 August , 1945 .
The day before , they woke early , collected their belongings and prepared for the train journey west .
On the way to the station they became separated after Yamaguchi realised he had left his personal seal in the office .
He remembers hearing the Enola Gay circling above , but thought nothing of it : Hiroshima was an important wartime industrial base , and the sound of circling planes had become a fact of life .
Within seconds he had been knocked off his feet by the force of the blast as " Little Boy " detonated 580 metres above central Hiroshima just after 8.15 am , announcing its arrival with a blinding flash followed by a deafening boom .
As he stumbled to the train station the next day , Yamaguchi witnessed the destruction and carnage left by the bomber 's 13 - kiloton payload .
The following day , his burns swathed in bandages , Yamaguchi reported for work in Nagasaki , like Hiroshima an important industrial and military base .
At 11.02 on 9 August , as his boss reportedly questioned his sanity for believing that a single bomb could destroy a city the size of Hiroshima , a 25 - kiloton plutonium bomb exploded above Nagasaki , throwing Yamaguchi to the ground .
He , his wife and baby son survived and spent the following week in a shelter near what was left of their home .
His son has since died of cancer aged 59 .
After the war Yamaguchi worked for the US occupation authorities , became a teacher and eventually returned to Mitsubishi Heavy Industries .
Yamaguchi was quoted yesterday by the Mainichi newspaper .
" My double radiation exposure is now an official government record .
It can tell the younger generation the horrifying history of the atomic bombings even after I die , " he said .
As a registered survivor of the Nagasaki bombing , Yamaguchi has owned a pale violet copy of the Atomic Bomb Victim Health Handbook since 1957 , entitling him to monthly allowances , free medical checkups and funeral costs .
More than 260,000 others are similarly covered .
Yamaguchi's handbook confirmed he was within a three - kilometre radius of ground zero in both cities , but the reference to Hiroshima was deleted when he renewed it at Nagasaki city hall in 1960 .
Officials refused to recognise Yamaguchi 's special status because , they said , it would not affect his medical and welfare entitlements , but relented after he filed another request earlier this year .
" As far as we know , he is the first one to be officially recognised as a survivor of atomic bombings , " Toshiro Miyamoto , a Nagasaki city official , told the Associated Press .
" It 's such an unfortunate case , but it is possible there are more like him . "
Survivors ' stories
• Violet Jessop survived the sinking of the Titanic , on which she was working as a stewardess .
Four years later she escaped with her life when the hospital ship Britannic , on which she was serving as a nurse , struck a mine .
• Rodney Cocks was metres away from Paddy 's Irish Bar in Bali when the first bomb went off in 2002 .
Less than 10 months later he left his desk just in time to avoid the full impact of a suicide bomb at the UN office in Baghdad .
• Bill Stone was the last known veteran living in the UK to have served in the first and second world wars .
He died this year at the age of 108 .
• Roger Villar survived being sunk twice during the second world war .
He was on the destroyer Mohawk when it was hit by the Italian flagship Luca Tarigo , but he was rescued by a destroyer .
During Operation
Torch his vessel was sunk by a German bomber but he escaped unscathed .
Holly Bentley
On Monday night the Senate passed a bill , supported by President Obama , that would extend the deadline until June 12 .
The House of Representatives took up the same measure on Wednesday but failed to muster the two - thirds majority needed for it to pass on a fast - track procedural vote .
Its fate is now unclear .
Regardless of when the switchover takes place , viewers with cable or satellite systems , and many others with digital televisions purchased after 2004 , need not do anything in anticipation of the deadline , nor will they notice much of a change afterward .
But for those older and low - income viewers like Ms. Clemmons who still use set - top rabbit ears or rooftop antennas to pull in images of “ The Oprah Winfrey Show ” or “ The Young and the Restless , ” the switchover to digital television has often proven a bewildering and cumbersome burden .
That so many viewers here and around the country risk losing something as basic as a free television signal is a function , at least in part , of the government ’s failure to anticipate that those most affected would be among the nation ’s most frail and vulnerable .
Further aggravating the confusion and uncertainty has been that a coupon program established by Congress to defray the cost of converter boxes  each American household is entitled to two $ 40 vouchers , which cover most , if not all , of the cost of the adaptors  ran out of money in early January , leaving hundreds of thousands of applicants to languish on a waiting list .
( The program has already issued more than $ 1 billion worth of coupons . )
Ms. Clemmons , a woman whose slight frame and white mane belie her taste in music 
Pink Floyd , Ozzy Osbourne and Nine - Inch Nails are her favorites  said she had made several attempts to call the government ’s toll - free number in recent days to request a coupon and had not been able to get through .
Ultimately she received peace of mind from an unlikely source : Meals on Wheels .
For several months now , drivers and volunteers for the Houston - area program have been delivering and installing digital converter boxes for its clients  as a side dish alongside the baked chicken and stewed peaches that are their usual fare .
Ms. Clemmons ’s turn came last week .
In December TrekMovie featured some amazing ‘ fan made ’ images of the new USS Kelvin from the upcoming Star Trek movie , by German CG Artist Tobias Richter .
Since then Richter has been at work on the new USS Enterprise , and today we bring a first look at what he has come up with .
Check out his stunning Big E desktops below .
Do it yourself Enterprise
Tobias Richter is a big
Trek fan who also happens to be a veteran CG artist and owner of The Light Works graphics studio in Cologne , Germany , which does visual effects for games , TV and film .
Although he has done some work on DVD covers for Paramount Home Entertainment , the following images are 100 % ‘ fan made . ’
His model of the Enterprise is based solely on reference material available ( the official image release , the three trailers and even the toy images ) .
Since the total source material is limited , some areas of Tobias ’ version are conjecture , however he feels confident it is ‘ fairly accurate . ’
And here they are :
Desktop images :
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
[ Desktop Downloads : 1280 ×1024 , 1920 ×1200 ]
It took Tobias about three and a half weeks of total time for modeling , texturing and lighting , all done using the Autodesk Maya software .
The Enterprise features 150 light sources , more than 30 texture maps , and even has some furniture inside and blinking running lights to add a lifelike feeling .
Tobias says that he still prefers the shape of the TMP ‘ refit ’ Enterprise , but feels this new one will grow on people .
While working on the model he was impressed at how many references to previous Enterprises were worked in to the new ship , such as the color scheme on the neck area ( the green and red stripes ) .
More to come at FedCon
Tobias will be doing a more elaborate animation video showing the Enterprise and the USS Kelvin together , which will be premiered at the big FedCon convention in Bonn , Germany in May .
Although he is pretty certain they do n’t interact with each other in the actual film , he thinks seeing them together ‘ looks cool ’… indeed .
For more on Tobias , visit The Light Works .
By Charles Krauthammer - March 6 , 2009
WASHINGTON -- Forget the pork .
Forget the waste .
Forget the 8,570 earmarks in a bill supported by a president who poses as the scourge of earmarks .
Forget the " $ 2 trillion dollars in savings " that " we have already identified , " $ 1.6 trillion of which President Obama 's budget director later admits is the " savings " of not continuing the surge in Iraq until 2019 -- 11 years after George Bush ended it , and eight years after even Bush would have had us out of Iraq completely .
Forget all of this .
This is run -of - the - mill budget trickery .
True , Obama 's tricks come festooned with strings of zeros tacked onto the end .
But that 's a matter of scale , not principle .
All presidents do that .
But few undertake the kind of brazen deception at the heart of Obama 's radically transformative economic plan , a rhetorical sleight of hand so smoothly offered that few noticed .
The logic of Obama 's address to Congress went like this :
" Our economy did not fall into decline overnight , " he averred .
Indeed , it all began before the housing crisis .
What did we do wrong ?
We are paying for past sins in three principal areas : energy , health care , and education -- importing too much oil and not finding new sources of energy ( as in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Outer Continental Shelf ? ) , not reforming health care , and tolerating too many bad schools .
The " day of reckoning " has now arrived .
And because " it is only by understanding how we arrived at this moment that we 'll be able to lift ourselves out of this predicament , " Obama has come to redeem us with his far - seeing program of universal , heavily nationalized health care ; a cap - and - trade tax on energy ; and a major federalization of education with universal access to college as the goal .
Amazing .
As an explanation of our current economic difficulties , this is total fantasy .
As a cure for rapidly growing joblessness , a massive destruction of wealth , a deepening worldwide recession , this is perhaps the greatest non sequitur ever foisted upon the American people .
At the very center of our economic near - depression is a credit bubble , a housing collapse and a systemic failure of the entire banking system .
One can come up with a host of causes : Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pushed by Washington ( and greed ) into improvident loans , corrupted bond - ratings agencies , insufficient regulation of new and exotic debt instruments , the easy money policy of Alan Greenspan 's Fed , irresponsible bankers pushing ( and then unloading in packaged loan instruments ) highly dubious mortgages , greedy house - flippers , deceitful homebuyers .
The list is long .
But the list of causes of the collapse of the financial system does not include the absence of universal health care , let alone of computerized medical records .
Nor the absence of an industry - killing cap - and - trade carbon levy .
Nor the lack of college graduates .
Indeed , one could perversely make the case that , if anything , the proliferation of overeducated , Gucci- wearing , smart - ass MBAs inventing ever more sophisticated and opaque mathematical models and debt instruments helped get us into this credit catastrophe in the first place .
And yet with our financial house on fire , Obama makes clear both in his speech and his budget that the essence of his presidency will be the transformation of health care , education and energy .
Four months after winning the election , six weeks after his swearing in , Obama has yet to unveil a plan to deal with the banking crisis .
What 's going on ?
" You never want a serious crisis to go to waste , " said Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel .
" This crisis provides the opportunity for us to do things that you could not do before . "
Things .
Now we know what they are .
The markets ' recent precipitous decline is a reaction not just to the absence of any plausible bank rescue plan , but also to the suspicion that Obama sees the continuing financial crisis as usefully creating the psychological conditions -- the sense of crisis bordering on fear - itself panic -- for enacting his " Big Bang " agenda to federalize and / or socialize health care , education and energy , the commanding heights of post - industrial society .
Clever politics , but intellectually dishonest to the core .
Health , education and energy -- worthy and weighty as they may be -- are not the cause of our financial collapse .
And they are not the cure .
The fraudulent claim that they are both cause and cure is the rhetorical device by which an ambitious president intends to enact the most radical agenda of social transformation seen in our lifetime .
Dog Walking Safety Bundle
If you are a dog owner , walking your beloved furry friend is part of your daily routine .
A personal alarm and safety light for you and your dog will keep you safe day or night from human or loose animal attacks .
Feel the peace - of - mind these safety tools offer while walking your dog .
Shares
Pity poor Andrew Wakefield .
Actually , on second thought , Wakefield deserves no pity at all .
After all , he is the man who almost single - handedly launched the scare over the MMR vaccine in Britain when he published his infamous Lancet paper in 1998 in which he claimed to have linked the MMR vaccine to regressive autism and inflammation of the colon , a study that was followed up four years later with a paper that claimed to have found the strain of attenuated measles virus in the MMR in the colons of autistic children by polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) .
It would be one thing if these studies were sound science .
If that were the case , then Wakefield ’s work would have been very important and would have correctly cast doubt on the safety of the MMR .
Unfortunately , they were not , and , indeed , most of the authors of the 1998 Lancet paper later withdrew their names from it .
Over the next decade , aided and abetted by useful idiots in the media , by British newspapers and other media that sensationalized the story , and the antivaccine movement , which hailed Wakefield as a hero , Wakefield managed to drive MMR vaccination rates in the U.K. below the level of herd immunity , from 93 % to 75 % ( and as low as 50 % in some parts of London ) .
As a result Wakefield has been frequently sarcastically “ thanked ” for his leadership role in bringing the measles back to the U.K. to the point where , fourteen years after measles had been declared under control in the U.K. , it was in 2008 declared endemic again .
Worse , this fear was based on the worst science imaginable .
First , no scientist not associated with Andrew Wakefield has ever been able to replicate his work .
Second , as was exposed by U.K. reporter Brian Deer , not only was Wakefield paid big bucks by trial lawyers seeking to sue vaccine manufacturers for “ vaccine injury ” to do his studies on autistic children , a conflict of interest he never revealed and that had to be exposed through Deer ’s investigations , but months before he published his Lancet paper Wakefield had applied for a patent on a an allegedly safer single measles vaccine that could succeed best if the safety of the MMR were called into doubt .
Even after all of this came to light , leading to Wakefield ’s correctly being dragged in front of the General Medical Council for charges of scientific misconduct .
Even after this , he still enjoys a cult of personality that I can’t figure out , and is often portrayed as being “ persecuted ” by the British medical establishment .
Third , was revealed at the Autism Omnibus proceedings when PCR expert Stephen Bustin testified about the shoddy methods at the laboratory used to do the PCR on the colon biopsies .
In brief , the laboratory used was set up such that cross contamination between the plasmids used to maintain the measles virus sequences and the area where the PCR was done .
PCR is very sensitive ; if there is contaminating plasmid sequence , it is very easy to amplify and detect it even when there is nothing in your samples .
Indeed , I ’ve experienced this very problem on occasion in my own lab .
Unfortunately , in the case of Wakefield ’s research , no controls were done to make sure that contamination was detected in the negative controls .
Finally , Wakefield ’s results were roundly refuted in an attempt to replicate his work that was published last year .
As you can see , Wakefield ’s work and ethics are about as bad as it gets .
Or so I thought , until readers started sending me this article published in The Times , again by Wakefield ’s nemesis Brian Deer .
Holy crap .
If only a fraction of the allegations in this article are true , not only is Wakefield an unscrupulous and incompetent scientist but he ’s a scientific fraud as well :
The doctor who sparked the scare over the safety of the MMR vaccine for children changed and misreported results in his research , creating the appearance of a possible link with autism , a Sunday Times investigation has found .
Confidential medical documents and interviews with witnesses have established that Andrew Wakefield manipulated patients ’ data , which triggered fears that the MMR triple vaccine to protect against measles , mumps and rubella was linked to the condition .
The research was published in February 1998 in an article in The Lancet medical journal .
It claimed that the families of eight out of 12 children attending a routine clinic at the hospital had blamed MMR for their autism , and said that problems came on within days of the jab .
The team also claimed to have discovered a new inflammatory bowel disease underlying the children ’s conditions .
However , our investigation , confirmed by evidence presented to the General Medical Council ( GMC ) , reveals that :
In most of the 12 cases , the children ’s ailments as described in The Lancet were different from their hospital and GP records .
Although the research paper claimed that problems came on within days of the jab , in only one case did medical records suggest this was true , and in many of the cases medical concerns had been raised before the children were vaccinated .
Hospital pathologists , looking for inflammatory bowel disease , reported in the majority of cases that the gut was normal .
This was then reviewed and the Lancet paper showed them as abnormal .
The complete story reveals behavior on the part of Wakefield that leaves me just shaking my head in disbelief .
It ’s simply unbelievable .
Let ’s step back a minute .
The original Lancet paper examined the cases of twelve children with autism and other neurodevelopmental disorders .
In the paper , it was reported that in 8 of the 12 children with regressive autism the onset of developmental changes closely followed MMR vaccination and in one of the 12 it followed measles infection .
Moreover , colonoscopy showed colon abnormalities “ ranging from lymphoid nodular hyperplasia to aphthoid ulceration . ”
In 11 children , biopsy histology showed patchy chronic inflammation in the colon .
The conclusion was that there was an apparent association between MMR vaccination and a syndrome of regressive autism and inflammatory bowel changes .
Even though the paper ’s tone was more tentative than one would have thought given the furor it launched and even though it stated that the authors “ did not prove an association between measles , mumps , and rubella vaccine and the syndrome described , ” Wakefield promoted his results to the media as though he had definitely found a link between the MMR vaccine and a syndrome consisting of regressive autism and inflammatory bowel disease .
Thus was launched the scare that caused a thousand cases of measles ( in 2008 ) that could have been avoided and caused many autistic children to be subjected to invasive procedures they did n’t need , sometimes at the cost of serious complications .
If the latest information is true , however , Wakefield is guilty of more than shoddy science and unreported conflicts of interest .
He is guilty of scientific fraud and falsifying the medical reports of these children .
For example , take Child 11 , whose father requested a second set of testing on his child ’s biopsy specimens :
MR ELEVEN’S taxi dash was a small ride in his desperate quest to find an answer for his son ’s condition .
Today , Child Eleven is much improved : at 17 , he is a terrific scholar , although too nervous to drive .
The extra tests on his biopsies produced striking results .
His father asked the cancer institute to look for the measles virus , which lay at the heart of Wakefield ’s concerns over the vaccine .
According to a theory that underpinned the project , this virus in MMR was the cause of bowel disease , which then did damage to children ’s brains .
“ It took a big fight to get the information , ” said Mr Eleven .
“ They told me there was no measles virus .
I had the tests repeated three times at different labs in the US , and they all came back negative . ”
This struck a different note from what Wakefield suggested when describing his research to the world .
“ We would not have presented this paper to The Lancet had we not undertaken extensive virological studies already , ” he told the 1998 press conference .
Of course , this anomaly could simply have been due to the aforementioned incompetence of the lab that Wakefield used to test his specimens for MMR strain measles virus , with its procedures guaranteed to produce false positives .
Unfortunately , there ’s more .
A lot more .
Take Child One :
In the paper this claim would be adopted , with Wakefield and his team reporting that Child One ’s parents said “ behavioural symptoms ” started “ one week ” after he received the MMR .
The boy ’s medical records reveal a subtly different story , one familiar to mothers and fathers of autistic children .
At the age of 9 ½ months , 10 weeks before his jab , his mother had become worried that he did not hear properly : the classic first symptom presented by sufferers of autism .
This is an incredibly common story among parents who believe that vaccines caused their child ’s autism .
Many vaccines are scheduled to be given during the same time that children often show the first behavioral alterations associated with autism , and it is not uncommon either for such changes to occur within a few weeks of a vaccination by random chance alone , nor is it uncommon for parents to remember incorrectly that the child ’s symptoms started soon after a vaccine when they did not .
Indeed , it is not uncommon at all for experts to be able to detect the subtler signs of autism on videotapes of babies before the parents noticed and before the child received the vaccinations for which parents blame the condition .
Unfortunately , human memory is fallable , and it easily relates events that are not closely related , particularly in response to other information or preexisting beliefs .
This happens all the time with vaccines and autism , where numerous epidemiological studies have failed to find an association between either mercury in thimerosal - containing vaccines and autism , between MMR and autism , and between vaccines in general and autism .
And Child Two :
This was Child Two , an eight - year - old boy from Peter - borough , Cambridgeshire , diagnosed with regressive autism , which , according to the Lancet paper , started “ two weeks ” after his jab .
However , this child ’s medical records , backed by numerous specialist assessments , said his problems began three to five months later .
And the list goes on :
Only one was a girl , Child Eight , aged 3 , from Whitley Bay , Tyne & Wear .
She was reported in the journal as having suffered a brain injury “ two weeks ” after MMR .
Her medical records did not support this .
Before she was admitted , she had been seen by local specialists , and her GP told the Royal Free of “ significant concerns about her development some months before she had her MMR ” .
Child Six , aged 5 , and Child Seven , aged 3 , were said to have been diagnosed with regressive autism , with an onset of symptoms “ one week ” and “ 24 hours ” after the jab respectively .
But medical records show that neither boy was “ previously normal ” , as the Lancet article described all the children , and that both had already been hospitalised with brain problems before their MMR .
Child Six received his vaccine at the age of 14 months , but had twice previously been admitted with fits .
Child Seven was given his at the age of 20 months but , again , problems already showed .
In other words , one of two things happened , neither of which is flattering to Wakefield .
Either he took the history from parents , for whom confirmation bias could easily have led to remembering incorrectly that their child ’s behavioral changes were noted shortly after the MMR rather than before it or months later , in which case Wakefield was incompetent for not having examined the medical records .
Alternatively , Wakefield did examine the medical records and lied about them in the Lancet paper .
Take your pick .
In fact , I might have been willing to give Wakefield somewhat of the benefit of the doubt , viewing the discrepancies between the medical records and what he reported in the Lancet paper as being yet more evidence of his shoddiness and incompetence rather than malice , were it not for the major discrepancies between what Wakefield said about the histology of the biopsy specimens in the paper .
The Lancet paper described a uniform pattern of patchy inflammation , but apparently what Wakefield reported does not jibe with what the pathologists saw :
“ The uniformity of the intestinal pathological changes and the fact that previous studies have found intestinal dysfunc-tion in children with autistic - spectrum disorders , suggests that the connection is real and reflects a unique disease process , ” the Lancet Paper explained of the “ syndrome ” .
Yet pathology records of samples taken from the children show apparent problems with this evidence .
The hospital ’s consultants who took biopsies from the children ’s colons concluded that they were not uniform but varied and unexceptional .
For Child Eight , the pathology report said : “ No abnormality detected ” , while the Lancet paper said : “ Nonspecific colitis ” .
This pattern was repeated for two of the other children , Nine and Ten .
The most striking change of opinion came in the case of Child Three , a six - year - old from Huyton , Merseyside .
He was reported in the journal to be suffering from regressive autism and bowel disease : specifically “ acute and chronic nonspecific colitis ” .
The boy ’s hospital discharge summary , however , said there was nothing untoward in his biopsy .
Not happy with the readings of the pathologists , apparently Wakefield ’s research team met for a “ research review ” of the biopsy specimens .
This in and of itself is not unusual .
However , it is unusual that the research team overturned the original readings of so many of the specimens .
As Brian Deer put it :
It was not an unusual move for a group of specialists to reconsider the evidence upon which their research was relying .
It was nevertheless striking that their conclusion was that 11 of the children ’s bowels were in fact diseased when their colleagues had found no abnormalities in at least seven of the cases .
Quite frankly , such conduct beggars the imagination .
It ’s about as unethical as it gets .
But it ’s all of a piece with Andrew Wakefield ’s behavior .
After all , as I pointed out before , he was in the pocket of a lawyer named Richard Barr seeking to sue vaccine manufacturers for “ vaccine - induced ” autism before he undertook his research .
Not only that , but Barr was affiliated with the antivaccine group Jabs , and Wakefield apparently concocted his new “ syndrome ” after at least some consultation with Barr .
But perhaps the most unethical , at least from a human research standpoint , was that the patients recruited to his study were not anything resembling a random or neutral sample .
As pointed out by Brian Deer , the parents of these children heard through word of mouth about Wakefield .
Add to that the fact that Wakefield subjected these children to unnecessary invasive medical procedures , and then incompetently analyzed the specimens obtained from them for measles virus to produce a virtually preordained result , even if it took scientific fraud to do it , and you see what I mean .
Given such a level of ideological blindness that seems to think his cause so just that good science and ethics are optional in pursuit of it , a lack of concern over blatant conflicts of interest , and an appallingly inflated opinion of himself that he is seems to believe that he is actually a persecuted Galileo , is it any surprise that Wakefield may have stooped so far as to falsify research results in his campaign ?
Not to me , it is n’t .
Sadly , none of this will matter to antivaccinationists , who view Wakefield as exactly that –a persecuted scientific hero .
Although I have yet to see any response from antivaccine blogs like like Age of Autism , I ’m sure that they ’ll wax ridiculous about what a great doctor and man Wakefield is and how it ’s big pharma and its minions who , frightened by the implications of Wakefield ’s work , are working hard to demonize him and suppress his “ science . ”
Unfortunately for their reality - challenged world view , sometimes things are as they appear , sometimes there really is no conspiracy , and sometimes a rat is a rat .
And Wakefield is most definitely a rat .
A rat who caused thousands of cases of measles and at least one death .
Jessica Stewart is a Contributing Writer and Digital Media Specialist for My Modern Met , as well as a curator and art historian .
She earned her MA in Renaissance Studies from University College London and now lives in Rome , Italy .
She cultivated expertise in street art which led to the purchase of her photographic archive by the Treccani Italian Encyclopedia in 2014 .
When she ’s not spending time with her three dogs , she also manages the studio of a successful street artist .
In 2013 , she authored the book ' Street Art Stories Roma ' and most recently contributed to ' Crossroads : A Glimpse Into the Life of Alice Pasquini '.
You can follow her adventures online at @romephotoblog
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
As the author of such business classics as " Built to Last " and " Good to Great , " management guru Jim Collins has made a career out of understanding why companies succeed .
Yet for the past several years he 's been deep at work with partner Morten Hansen on how companies manage to negotiate through turbulent times .
It was a prescient choice , deeply relevant to today 's environment , and a likely topic of a future book .
Collins recently sat down with Fortune senior writer Jennifer Reingold to share some of what he 's learned to far .
Excerpts :
We have n't seen much of you in a while .
What have you been up to ?
I 've been deep in my cave , studying things .
We wanted to understand what distinguishes those who prevail when the world goes out of your control .
It 's a great human question : it 's not a business question .
All of us are walking around with a little thing inside our stomachs that says , " I do n't feel very good in all of this . "
That 's more or less the new normal .
Our ongoing research is about turbulence .
It came out of 9/11 and the dot - com crash , with all these entrepreneurial companies saying we 're running out of capital .
" Jim , we 're gonna die on the mountain , " they told me .
Morten and I said let 's specifically study that and find the companies that were vulnerable and then went on to attain greatness .
We 've studied them from IPO on .
And it 's relevant because it turns out that 1952 to 2000 was an aberration .
We had a combination of tremendous stability brought on by two monolithic superpowers - danger , yes , but stability , combined with unprecedented prosperity .
Very rarely in human history - maybe the Egyptian empire or 200 A.D. in Rome - only a few times you can go back and find those .
So my own view is that the possibility of seeing this again in our lifetimes is very , very low .
What we 're experiencing now , get used to it !
It 's life , and it 's the normal life .
Is it correct to call what is happening right now " unprecedented " ?
I started my research 20 years ago , and our approach has always had a couple of key components .
One is the contrast approach .
Why do some companies do well and others not , when you control for circumstances ?
The other is history .
We have this very arrogant view that we 're the first people to experience change ; we 're the first people to experience volatility and uncertainty .
But when you look over history there have been other difficult times .
However difficult this is , it is n't likely to be even more difficult than 1932 .
If you go back and look at " Built to Last " [ published in 1994 ] , 15 of the 18 companies in it had lived through the Depression , and all of the 18 are standalone companies today .
So what did they do to get through the tough times ?
A couple of things really jump out .
No. 1 , in times of great duress , tumult , and uncertainty , you have to have moorings .
Companies like P&G ( PG , Fortune 500 ) , GE ( GE , Fortune 500 ) , J&J ( JNJ , Fortune 500 ) , and IBM ( IBM , Fortune 500 ) had an incredible fabric of values , of underlying ideals or principles that explained why it was important that they existed .
One of the things that was very distinctive about P&G , for example , was that they said a customer will always be able to depend on the fact that a product is what we say it is - we will always build our reputation on quality .
When they were under pressure to start cutting corners or use cheaper ingredients , they just did n't do that .
What we have found is that what really matters is that you actually have core values - not what they are .
The more challenged you are , the more you have to have your values .
You need to preserve them consistently over time .
The other thing worth mentioning is that these companies , when they went through the Depression , really understood that it was the caliber of their people that would get them through .
If there 's a storm on the mountain , more important than the plan are the people you have with you .
When I did my El Capitan climb for my 50th birthday [ on Yosemite 's 3,300 - foot rock face ] , my partner was Tommy Caldwell , who happens to be the greatest climber in the world .
My hedge against the scariness of this climb was Tommy .
If you go back in history , a few companies used difficult times to bolster their legions of talent .
After World War II , all the government labs were shutting down , and engineers were streaming out .
Hewlett - Packard was actually going through a layoff .
But at the same time , Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard said the greatest opportunity they ever got was n't technology ; it was the opportunity to hire those engineers .
But in a time of no credit and slowing demand , how does a company afford to bring people in ?
[ Hewlett - Packard 's ] answer was , How can we afford not to do it ?
You have to make the wherewithal .
If you do not find a way to get those great people , you 're not thinking long term enough .
In the long - term research into tumultuous environments that Morten and I are doing , we find that great companies manage for the quarter - century .
If you talk to firefighters about the dangers of firefighting , they say that under duress there 's a tendency to zoom in on the specific square area in front of you .
We zoom in - go to the micro .
But [ some people ] have the ability to do the opposite , to get above the fire , zoom out , and look at this with a whole different lens .
At Boeing , after World War II , Boeing lost more than 90 % of its revenue .
You can't do much worse than that .
But Boeing 's Bill Allen zoomed out .
He used it as a chance to say , " We can choose . "
He started taking the military technology and systematically applying the know - how to building the 707 .
He transferred that knowledge to prototyping and invested a large portion of Boeing 's remaining net worth in commercial aircraft .
Everyone thought he was crazy .
But there was also a certain energy from that , the sense that they were all creating something together .
Allen used a 20 - year lens and said this would be the time to get into the Jet Age .
How do you distinguish the truly great talent from the rest ?
The right people do n't need to be managed .
The moment you feel the need to tightly manage someone , you 've made a hiring mistake .
The right people do n't think they have a job :
They have responsibilities .
If I 'm a climber , my job is not [ just ] to belay .
My responsibility is that if we get in trouble , I do n't let my partner down .
The right people do what they say they will do , which means being really careful about what they say they will do .
It 's key in difficult times .
In difficult environments our results are our responsibility .
People who take credit in good times and blame external forces in bad times do not deserve to lead .
End of story .
Given our past prosperity , most executives today have never experienced a crisis like this one .
Can they learn to adapt ?
One of the big lessons we 've learned is that turbulence is your friend .
If you were disciplined and prepared before the storm came , you should be thankful for those times .
Take Southwest Airlines .
Think about the turbulence it has already experienced - interest rate changes , deregulation of the airline industry , fuel shocks , 9/11 - and still Southwest has learned how to be stronger than others .
Southwest was once a startup company with cash - flow problems .
Their famous 20 - minute turnaround time came about because of cash constraints .
They had fewer planes , but they could get them back in the air quicker .
They used adversity to invent a discipline that they never lost .
And Southwest is the best - performing stock between 1972 and 2002 , which includes 9/11 .
It has always managed itself in good times as if they were bad times .
They had the discipline to grow slowly ; 88 cities were clamoring for them to come , and they would open four .
If you 're managing for the quarter - century , you only open four so that when the bad times come , you 're ferocious .
Right now , it seems as if people are panicking - or are paralyzed about decisions .
Almost across the board , people are worried .
As a rock climber , the one thing you learn is that those who panic , die on the mountain .
You do n't just sit on the mountain .
You either go up or go down , but do n't just sit and wait to get clobbered .
If you go down and survive , you can come back another day .
You have to ask the question , What can we do not just to survive but to turn this into a defining point in history ?
Look at World War II , with the story of Churchill 's 25 Royal Air Force squadrons .
France was losing , and Churchill wanted to fight on , so he asked how many squadrons of Spitfires Britain needed to ensure its survival .
The military said 25 .
So he set them aside .
We need to set aside our 25 squadrons today , just as Intel got an equity investment from IBM in the mid-1980s when the semiconductor industry was in crisis .
Churchill was n't putting aside the 25 squadrons so he could sit still ; he was doing it so that he could fight on .
His goal was not to survive ; it was to prevail .
I do n't care how hard this period is .
You have to have the combination of believing that you will prevail , that you will get out of this , but also not be the Pollyanna who ignores the brutal facts .
You have to say that we will be in this for a long time and we will turn this into a defining event , a big catalyst to make ourselves a much stronger enterprise .
Our characters are being forged in a burning , searing crucible .
Here ’s an observation I ’ve been meaning to write up since Netroots Nation this summer , but one that seems particularly relevant now as both Democrats and Republicans are getting their first views of their current legislators in action : if you want to change the direction of your party in Congress , or of Congress as a whole , fund challengers ’ staff early .
And by “ early , ” I ’m talking about a year in advance of the relevant primary or general election .
I ’m not sure who said it at NN ( possibly Matt Stoller ) , but the idea stuck with me because it goes to a core problem insurgents face when they ’re taking on an incumbent or an establishment candidate : lack of resources when they really matter .
As elections get close , blogs and activist groups can shift significant amounts of money to a “ netroots ” candidate on the Left ( or a “ rightroots ” candidate on the Right ? ) , but by then it ’s often too late to make much of a difference .
Since so much of creating a campaign organization is incremental — built up one volunteer , supporter or donor at a time — the really valuable time to have staff is many months BEFORE the actual vote .
In effect , one hour of an organizers ’s time a year before the election yields much more benefit than that same hour of work a week before the election .
Early funding also has a snowball effect — since people usually do n’t want to throw their money away , they ’ll generally only support a candidate who seems to have a chance to win .
Before insurgent candidates can get much outside attention , they have to hit a threshold of support that indicates that they ’re a serious contender .
They have to have enough of SOMETHING — money , polling numbers or on - the - ground organization — to convince outsiders to get involved .
And without resources and expertise available early , many candidates who might actually have a shot if given a chance never quite hit the mark .
A handful of paid staff , or even just ONE paid staffer , can create the relationships and the organization that a campaign needs to prove viability , while also getting the structure in place to actually take real advantage of any money that floods in at the last minute .
Campaigns are by nature chaotic , particularly in their last weeks , when people are working frantically to get attention for their side , to counter the other guy and to take care of the thousands of details involved in getting voters motivated and to the polls .
A year out , that chaos has yet to hit , and candidates and staff can make decisions based on the campaign ’s long - term goals rather than based on what crisis exploded that day .
If you really want to make a difference in Congress , either by changing your own party or pushing out a member of the opposition , think well in advance — identify challengers in key districts who might have a chance and get them money and staff when it matters .
Otherwise , well , there are very good reasons that incumbents in Congress get re-elected at a rate well over 90 % .
– cpd
All of America now can rest easy : Merrill Lynch chief John
Thain wo n’t get his $ 10 million bonus after all , having succumbed to browbeating calls for fiscal restraint .
Upside : Maybe we can avoid another round of outrage from Congressmen and other whiners who are shocked — shocked ! — that anyone on Wall Street could get paid so handsomely , much less actually deserve it .
Downside :
Thain gets screwed out of what rightfully was his , for he did deserve a bonus , for myriad reasons .
Same goes , arguably , for Morgan Stanley chief John Mack and the seven senior execs at Goldman Sachs , all of whom will forgo any year - end payout .
Worse , this whole kerfuffle may embolden the self - righteous , sanctimonious mob that now decries wealth creation and the profit motive .
Where were all these populist prudes when the stock market was rising 63 % from 2003 through October 2007 ?
Answer :
They were fat and happy and counting their money .
It ’s one thing when a greedy fatcat utterly fails his shareholders , guts his company and walks away with an undeserved windfall .
Two lamentable examples : the $ 42 million parachute for Charles Prince , who flopped at integrating the smokestacks of Citigroup and let it plunge head - first into the subprime debacle ; and the $ 160 million sendoff for Stanley O’Neal , accumulated over an entire career at Merrill Lynch before he looked the other way while his traders loaded up on wild - eyed risk .
John
Thain , by contrast , was brought in only a year ago to fix the Merrill mess , and he worked 24 / 7 to do it .
Troubled rivals Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns dilly - dallied — rather than swallow their pride and sell themselves to healthier partners — and they went belly - up , pretty much .
Thain , by contrast , handed Merrill over to Bank of America .
Since mid-September , just before that deal popped , the stock price of Citigroup is down 43 % and Goldman is down 46 % — but Merrill shares are up 5 % .
That ’s a gain of more than $ 1 billion in market cap for that floundering firm , so a $ 10 million bonus barely is a rounding error .
Ten million bucks , in fact , is equivalent to how much revenue Merrill collects in just 20 minutes , based on a 40 - hour work - week .
' Funny Business ' with Jane Wells :
Yet now we ’re gonna take pleasure in stiffing John Thain ?
Sounds a little punitive to me .
This CEO backlash , moreover , could spread far beyond Wall Street to infect the entire U.S. economy .
Yet , last year , median pay rose only 1.3 % and bonuses fell by 5 % for the CEOs of more than 230 multibillion - dollar companies , even as their stock prices rose an average of 7.5 % , says the research firm Equilar .
At financial giants the median pay package fell 20 % in 2007 , and Wall Street now braces for haircuts of 40 % to 70 % .
Long Beach , Calif .
The essence of capitalism , Austrian economist Joseph Schumpeter warned , is " creative destruction " that undermines economic structures , then replaces them with better ones .
Today we know all about destruction .
We could use a happy dose of the creative element .
Welcome to TED .
Founded 25 years ago , the annual Technology , Entertainment ...
ionice is io bandwidth priority manipulation command .
It supports three scheduling classes .
idle :
In this class given process wo n't get disk access until no other process is accessing disk for certain period of time .
best - effort :
This is default class .
realtime : Process with non-realtime classes have to wait until processes with realtime class to complete .
If you want to move some heavy stuff around when io sensitive applications like movie , audio players are active then its best to make a new bash process with idle class .
This is how you apply idle class to a bash process .
Open up your terminal and give following command .
sudo ionice - c3 - p`echo $ $`
Now what ever you execute in this terminal will inherit idle class and wo n't disturb your movie / audio players .
You can use ionice to make disk intensive corn jobs to behave well with io sensitive applications that you are using in the foreground .
Some useful ubuntuforums.org threads on ionice .
Using ionice with updatedb .
Sir Fred Goodwin 's pension from the bank RBS is in fact £ 703,000 a year , not the £ 693,000 previously stated .
The figure has been revealed as the bank explains why it asked its disgraced former chief executive to retire last year .
The bank says it asked Sir Fred to retire , rather than sack him , to ensure an orderly handover to his successor .
Sir Fred left last October when the bank , in danger of collapsing , was being rescued by the UK government .
RBS acknowledges that if he had been dismissed , his pension would now be £ 416,000 a year , not £ 703,000 .
RBS letter
The figures are revealed in a letter to John McFall MP , chairman of the Treasury Select Committee , from Miller McLean , general counsel and secretary to the RBS group .
Sir Fred Goodwin 's pension arrangements followed as an automatic consequence of him being asked to leave at the request of the company
RBS letter Can they catch Sir Fred 's pension ?
The letter says that on Friday 10 October 2008 , the bank 's non-executive directors agreed that Sir Fred should leave the bank " and that it was in the company 's interest for there to be an orderly handover to his successor " .
" Sir Fred Goodwin agreed to stay in post until his successor was appointed and available , " the letter says .
" During the course of 10 October 2008 they [ Sir Tom McKillop and Bob Scott ] decided this would best be accomplished through treating Sir Fred Goodwin as leaving at the request of the company in accordance with the principles applied to other directors leaving the group and not being dismissed , " the letter adds .
The rules of the RBS pension scheme are outlined in the bank 's annual report for 2007 .
They mean that the pension Sir Fred had earned to date would be payable at age 50 , rather than age 60 , without any reduction for early retirement .
And that in turn meant his pension pot would have to be topped up , from £ 8.4 m to £ 16.9 m , to finance the early payment of ten year 's worth of pension .
Hearings Earlier , the company set up to manage the government 's holdings in banks criticised the way that RBS agreed Sir Fred Goodwin 's pension .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
UK Financial Investments ( UKFI ) blamed the RBS board for deciding to give its former boss an enlarged pension , which UKFI described as " discretionary " .
The letter from RBS rejects this suggestion .
" Sir Fred Goodwin 's pension arrangements ( and other payments and benefits ) followed as an automatic consequence of him being asked to leave at the request of the company , " the letter points out .
UKFI chief executive John Kingman and acting chairman Glen Moreno were being questioned by the Treasury Committee .
Mr Moreno said he regarded Sir Fred 's pension as " reward for failure " .
He said : " I think it was wrong .
I do n't think the remuneration committee or the board of RBS should have effectively increased , doubled I guess , a pension benefit in that situation . "
In the dark ?
Mr Moreno criticised Sir Fred 's behaviour at RBS .
" If I were [ Sir ] Fred , I would have walked , " he told MPs .
Mr Kingman said that the government had been aware of the size of the pension pot , but accused the RBS board of not sharing material facts with Financial Services Secretary Lord Myners .
He said : " I do n't think one can expect Lord Myners to know the finer details of the RBS pension scheme . "
The letter from RBS to Mr McFall reveals that City minister Lord Myners was told on 12 October that the value of Sir Fred 's pension would be in a range between £ 15 m and £ 20 m .
" These pension terms were a consequence of the basis upon which it had been agreed that Sir Fred would be leaving the company , although we believe that no alternative basis for departure was discussed with Lord Myners , " the letter says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The old hindbrain keeps us breathing , balanced and alert , just as it did our ancestors a half - billion years ago .
The midbrain , built atop the hindbrain , does things like manage vision and hearing .
The forebrain , the last addition , deals with language and decision - making - but not without the input of the other two regions .
So the even more recently evolved " deliberative system , " which works hard to defer the gratification of cheesecake in favor of your long - term weight - loss goal , is easily overwhelmed by the ancestral " reflexive system , " which lives for the moment just in case those 800 calories are the last ones the organism will see for a while .
Two full - fledged recording and touring bands are n't enough for the primal force of musical virtuosity that is Jack White .
With the ongoing White Stripes hiatus and the Raconteurs between albums , White teamed up with the Kills femme fatale Alison Mosshart , Raconteurs bassist Jack Lawrence , and Queens of the Stone Age / Raconteurs member Dean Fertita to form the Dead Weather .
Guitar heroes can stop slobbering for a second -- Jack apparently plays drums ( and sings ) in the new group , which made its live debut at the opening of White 's Third Man Records building in Nashville , Tennessee .
And , because Jack does n't fuck around , the Dead Weather 's debut LP , Horehound , is already in the can and due for a June release via Third Man .
In a related story , Jack White has n't slept in six years .
Ever the old - schooler , White gave out hand - painted 7 " 's of the new band 's first single , " Hang You From the Heavens " , to the 150 attendees at the debut performance .
The single is backed by a cover of Gary Numan 's " Are Friends Electric ? " .
Both songs are streaming on the Dead Weather 's website and also available on iTunes .
Of course , any excuse to see White on stage or recording music is a good thing -- I 've seen him save even the worst Raconteurs songs live , and that is a feat .
But the Dead Weather could work .
Considering Mosshart 's involvement , this marks the first time
White is teaming up with a sex- charged and charismatic singer who can put up a fight with his engulfing stage persona ( sorry , Brendan Benson ) .
And no , that duet with Alicia Keys does n't count .
Let 's just pretend that never happened , OK ?
Jim Cramer sure got his assets handed to him tonight .
On Thursday , in an extremely hyped culmination of a week 's worth of finger - pointing , insult - exchanging and lamentation over the U.S. stock market , The Daily Show 's Jon Stewart took the Mad Money host to task in no uncertain terms .
" I understand that you want to make finance entertaining , but it 's not a f-- king game , " Stewart said , one of a series of hardballs he tossed at Cramer , who strode into the studio looking as if he'd been brawling in the hallway , sleeves rolled up and prominent brow already glistening .
And Cramer 's voice may have even cracked a few times as he uselessly tried to defend himself against Stewart 's sobering critique of the CNBC star 's on - camera treatment of the prevailing economic mess .
" I can't reconcile the brilliance and knowledge you have of the intricacies of the market with the crazy bulls --t I see you do every night , " Stewart told Cramer , whose 2008 advice to snatch up shares of the since - failed investment bank Bear Stearns was the clip du jour on The Daily Show all week .
Quick PDF to Word – PDF to Word Converter Quickly convert and edit PDF to MS Word maintaining 100 % format Quick All to PDF Create PDF Files from a Windows printable file in just a Click Quick Word to PDF Convert MS Word document to PDF with 100 % accuracy Convert PDF file to Word doc easily and quickly .
You can also edit your PDF files by converting them into Word ( Doc / Docx , RTF ) .
The PDF software comes with advanced features like Batch Creation , Partial Creation and various customizable Output options which save your precious time .
Create PDF files from any printable document maintaining layouts , fonts , graphics and formatting .
It also allows you to insert watermarks , secure your PDF with password and select the display properties .
You can batch convert or merge more than one PDF file in one PDF file .
Instantly convert all your Word files into PDF in just a click .
The conversion of the documents is such that it retains the 100 % layout of the document just the way it is in the original format .
The document that you convert can easily be sent via mail or other electronic medium .
Convert PDF to Word files ( Doc / Docx and RTF ) Preserve Layout / Orientation of all graphs , images , Text .
Batch Convert PDF
Files Partial Conversion of PDF files Multi-Lingual User Interface Convert any printable file to PDF Protect PDF files with password and encryption Edit PDF document properties Batch convert multiple files in to PDF Merge multiple PDF files into single PDF Convert Word to PDF with a single click Easy PDF creation from MS Word 100 % retention of document layout and orientation Learn More Learn More Learn More About PDF to Word
If you want to convert your PDF file to Word with complete accuracy , the software Quick PDF to Word is there for you .
This software has great conversion features : easy - to - use , intuitive one - screen interface ; fast conversion ; great value for money .
It is the tool that preserves document layout 100 percent .
It retains all formatting , images and tables of the original PDF file in the converted Word file .
Image placement , text columns , text font and style and document layout is completely preserved .
Not only this , drop caps , superscript , subscript and underlined text also remain the same .
One - screen easy - to - use Interface for Conversion
You do not need to be an expert in computers for using Quick PDF to Word software .
Unlike other converters , this software realizes the value of time .
Thus , the conversion needs are met through a single screen which is very well designed .
Just choose your options & click on ‘ Convert ’ , the document will get converted from PDF format to Word .
PDF Converter which Preserves 100 % Document Layout
Quick PDF to Word converter is synonymous with top - notch and excellent document conversion software .
The converted document is exactly same as the original .
By default , the software retains all formatting , images and tables of the original PDF file in the converted Word document .
Text fonts & style , text columns , image placement & overall document layout is maintained 100 % .
This is n’t all … superscript , subscript , underlined text and drop caps also remain the same .
The unique code of this PDF converter performs all the work for you .
Thus , re-formatting of converted document is not needed .
Economical PDF to Word software
Being one of the most economical PDF converters in the marketplace , Quick PDF to Word converter is a great value for money .
Now , you can do excellent conversions at affordable price .
Accommodating , versatile PDF to Word conversion
This tool can convert the PDF files generated through any application to Word .
This feature makes this tool versatile .
FREE customer support & FREE software updates
If you face any problem while ordering , registering , installing , or using our software , we are there to provide you guidance and technical support .
We also offer FREE software updates to our registered users .
Volume Licensing Need to convert Quick PDF to MS
Word in bulk ?
We offer licensing of PDF software to Government bodies and large organizations .
Fill up the application form Testimonials I was stuck in the middle of a project when I downloaded Quick PDF to word .
You software did an amazing job .
Kudos !-- Annet Dawson
Read more testimonials Awards
In My Own Way , I Am Core
Is the DBI any less essential because Tim Bunce maintains it outside of the Perl core ?
It 's the official database interface for Perl 5 .
It 's well - maintained .
It 's comprehensive .
It 's stable .
It has copious documentation , including at least one book .
It 's code no one 's crazy enough to compete with .
It 's not a core module , and no one cares that it 's not a core module .
It 's still the way to access databases from Perl , regardless of any official or blessed or core status .
It 's just great code -- stable code -- that 's been around for a while and does what it does very , very well .
It 's still not a core module .
If you use it , you 've installed it yourself , your operating system vendor has included it , or the Perl distribution you 've installed has included it .
Good .
Bad .
I 'm the Guy with the Core .
A persistent difficulty of language designers is that we can't predict what users will want to do .
We want to give them power and flexibility , but we also want to make languages that will fit in their heads and get out of the way when they do n't need all of the features we 've invented .
The balancing act between " small is beautiful " and " complexity has to go somewhere " is difficult .
So is finding the right balance between " Let 's make it easy for the users ! " and " Someone has to implement this beast ! "
One rule I 've tried to express here recently is " Someone has to maintain this beast ! "
For " beast " , read " the core language " , " the core libraries " , or " the dependencies of my application . "
Here trouble begins .
If nothing ever changed in your application besides the changes you had to make , life would be peachy keen .
Bacon would fall from the sky , and you 'd get thinner and your cholesterol would improve when you ate it .
You would not need to worry about operating system upgrades , or security patches , or new versions of dependencies , or what users had installed versus what you have installed .
You would work a very comfortable 35 hour week and go home and sleep the sleep of the just .
You 'd ride a magic pony to and from work , too .
They eat bacon , but their breath is sweet .
The world does n't work that way .
Change is not the enemy though .
Poorly managed change is the enemy .
The Book Awoke Something Dark in the Core. Something Evil .
Larry Wall and the rest of the Perl 6 design team like to talk about the Waterbed Theory of Complexity .
You can take the Lisp or Forth approach of defining a very simple , easily understood core and building everything else in terms of that .
" It 's simple ! " people say , until they start building real applications in that .
One of the deepest lessons of computer science in The Little Schemer is that you can implement multiplication recursively with guard clauses and subtraction .
One of the best lessons of software development is do n't do that .
Scheme is simple .
Lisp is simple .
Forth is simple .
The SK calculus is simple .
All of these are simple in theory , but doing practical programs may not be simple .
There is an essential complexity in certain tasks that you cannot sweep under a rug .
It will come out messy .
Put another way , Larry says that the Perl language can be messy because the problems it tries to solve are messy .
I suspect there 's a similar theory of change .
You can try to hide change , but mostly you just move it around .
That 's certainly true in the Perl core .
I 'm Afraid I 'm Gonna Have to Ask You to Leave the Core
The discussion I started with Sacrificing the Future on the Past 's Golden Altar spread to p5 p the other day .
The question of replacing or enhancing File :: Find came up , and someone raised the idea of adding an alternative to File : : Find to the core .
I replied that that would make the problem worse , not better .
If I had my way , the Perl 5 core would contain the language itself and only those libraries absolutely necessary to download and install other libraries from the CPAN .
That 's it .
There is no more .
There 's no Switch , or Class : : Struct , or Search : : Dict , or File : : DosGlob , or File : : Find in that core .
There 'd be no ExtUtils :: MakeMaker either , but that 's aesthetics , not function or flourish .
I 'll Swallow Your Core !
Clearly the core zeitgeist has gone in another direction .
You do n't swallow the core .
It swallows you .
There 's no better explanation than Nicholas Clark 's description of why people want modules to enter the core :
The Perl core is already installed .
But they can't get approval to install other modules from CPAN .
[ Bad programmer .
You 're trying to burden someone else with a long term technical problem because you 've failed to address your local political problems ]
They perceive modules in core as being " blessed " - if it 's there it must be better than all the competitors on CPAN ] [ Bad programmer .
Historically things have only ever been added to the core .
Reasons for its addition at the time may not be as clear cut as you infer , and there may now be a better solution .
You 're trying to burden someone else with a long term technical problem because you 're falsely lazy , excessively inpatient and insufficiently hubristic to devise your own criteria for selecting the right module for the job ]
They perceive modules in core as being " supported " - if it 's there , it will be looked after for ever .
[ Bad programmer .
You appear to think that the mere mortals volunteering to maintain the core are of a difference species than the mere mortals volunteering their code to CPAN ]
In other words , " please maintain my dependencies for me ! "
I agree that change can be painful , and that arbitrary changes are unpleasant and not useful .
No one 's arguing for those ( at least no one who is n't a violent time - traveling sociopath with a chainsaw for a hand ) .
However .
We Are But Sixty Men
This is not your rug , and you are not welcome to sweep your change management problems under it .
The core developers can provide you with a great language -- a modern language -- designed to help you solve problems that no one can forsee now .
They can provide you with mechanisms to extend the language in reusable and shareable ways .
They can encourage experimentation with new features and ideas with the intent of pulling those ideas into the core in future versions if they prove useful .
They can even maintain well - defined backwards compatibility and keep promises not to break thing arbitrarily .
They cannot do so and take on an ever - increasing maintenence load .
Coordinating the release cycles of the core language and dual - lived modules and version numbers and multiple authors with their own time schedules and multiple queues and venues for bug reports and feature requests and patches ... well , that 's madness .
The DarkPAN is and shall remain impenetrable .
That 's fine -- but that means the DarkPAN has to take responsibility for its own code .
It 's just not possible for the core to do so any longer .
Hundreds of millions of children around the world have grown up playing with Lego building blocks and out of those kids , I bet a very large portion of them have dreamed of building some form of a full sized vehicle out of their legos .
Well , one overgrown kid appears to have done the closest thing to building his very own Lego car , he has completely covered what looks to be a Toyota Tercel with Lego blocks .
I 'd imagine this must have taken an extremely long time to accomplish .
For the sake of the guy who built this Lego Toyota , I sure hope he is married , as I 'd imagine first dates would not leave the best first impression when pulling up to pickup your date !
( CNN ) --
The rebellion by paramilitary Bangladesh Rifles troops apparently ended Thursday after they handed over their weapons inside their headquarters in the capital city 's Pilkhana district , the national press agency quoted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina as saying in a nationwide televised address .
However , the fate of top military officers who were taken hostage Wednesday was unclear , according to the news agency , Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha , or BSS , on its Web site .
Home Minister Sahara Khatun " oversaw a rescue campaign along with a government delegation in search of bodies of officers , BDR soldiers , their family members and relatives , " the agency said .
The Bangladesh Rifles is also known as the BDR .
Bangladeshi soldiers take position armed with automatic weapons in Dhaka on Wednesday .
Earlier Thursday , the country 's home minister , Sahara Khatun , said mutinous paramilitary troops were close to laying down their arms and many had returned to their barracks .
" They have raised white flags and the situation is in its last stages , " added a government official who did not want to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media .
" The army presence is a means to secure the area and there is nothing to be worried about . "
Still , for a jittery city , the heavy military presence near the gates of the Bangladesh Rifles ( BDR ) headquarters in the Pilkhana area raised fears of a potentially deadly confrontation .
" This can not be good , " said Palash Chowdhury , who was watching the drama unfold from his uncle 's house a few blocks away .
" This can not be good . "
Meanwhile , police in about six other towns reported shooting incidents involving Rifles troops , another government official confirmed to CNN .
The incidents do not appear to have resulted in casualties , but had raised fears that the mutiny would spread outside the capital .
Bangladesh Police spokesman Kamrul Ahsan disputed the reports to CNN .
But concerned residents were not so readily appeased .
" Yesterday , people thought this was an internal BDR grievance and it would be worked out , " said Rashid Zaman , a Dhaka resident .
" Now , we see the scope is much broader , that it 's getting serious .
There 's an uncertainty .
No one knows which way things will turn . "
Watch a witness describe seeing and hearing the gunbattle »
Shops and offices in the capital sent workers home .
Adding to the city 's paranoia : Dhaka residents suddenly found themselves unable to make or receive calls from elsewhere in the country .
Do n't Miss Dozens feared dead in Bangladesh mutiny
" Many people are finding this troubling , " said Zahid Hussain , a former journalist who is now part of a U.S. - funded effort to create an investigative journalism center in the country .
" Whenever the army has gone into action in the past , they cut off the mobile connection so nobody can pass information . "
The standoff at the Bangladesh Rifles headquarters began Wednesday morning after a gun battle .
At least 50 officers and civilians were feared dead in the gunfire , the country 's law minister said .
Watch how paramilitary revolt has spread »
As dawn broke Thursday , the rebelling troops with the Bangladesh Rifles allowed government officials entry into the headquarters .
They went door - to - door at officers ' quarters to assure frightened women and children it was safe to come out .
CNN was not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count , with medical officials saying a final number would come after they had a chance to comb through the premises looking for bodies .
At least six bodies were recovered from rivers and drainage ditches Thursday , bringing the total to eight .
Many of them had on military uniforms , government officials said .
Authorities say the men had been killed and their bodies dumped in sewers .
They were recovered after they floated for miles down rivers .
The Bangladesh Rifles is responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders .
The force , numbering more than 65,000 , also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls .
The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week , when officers and troop members from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations .
At least 5,000 BDR personnel were inside the compound when the mutiny occurred about 7:45 a.m. local time Wednesday , said Mohammed Sajjad Haider , spokesman for the information ministry .
The rebelling troops were low - ranking members of the BDR , akin to infantrymen , who were angry at the way they were treated by their superiors , Haider said .
" They have several demands , " Haider said .
" They want pay parity with the army , they want job security , they want better food rations . "
The mutiny is the most serious crisis for Bangladesh 's newly elected government , which came into power in December after two years of army - backed rule .
CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report
All About Bangladesh • Dhaka
The following text is a transcript of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's speech at the opening ceremony of the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland .
Good afternoon , colleagues , ladies and gentlemen ,
I would like to thank the forum 's organisers for this opportunity to share my thoughts on global economic developments and to share our plans and proposals .
The world is now facing the first truly global economic crisis , which is continuing to develop at an unprecedented pace .
The current situation is often compared to the Great Depression of the late 1920s and the early 1930s .
True , there are some similarities .
I have during the course of my writing mentioned the extreme side of BDSM , and have shown you pictures of cbt * cock and ball torture * , this is something those into extreme femdom are likely to use .
On the other side of the scale is extreme pussy torture , and this is something that a minority of those who practice BDSM like , however I must point out it is not one of the more common aspects of BDSM , and the sub or slave really needs to be what we term a pain slut , as some of the things are really extreme .
In extreme pussy torture it is not uncommon to pierce the clit or labia , and padlocks and chains are used to decorate it , in some cases corset piercing is also used , it must be said though that this is not a wide spread practice and the utmost care was taken to ensure that the sub / slave was not hurt during this process * hurt being the wrong word , but I am sure you know what I am saying *
I know very few people who will actually practice this but for those who do they find it very erotic , and looking at the pictures I can understand why If this is something you like then the BDSM lifestyle is the only place I know of where you can fulfil your fantasies , and have fun doing so .
I have a confession to make :
For years , I have been cooking a dish that I love very very much but I have n’t told you about it because it comes from two words that I cannot bring myself to publicly own up to .*
Especially on a site where if you suggested I use one , I ’d suggest you have n’t been paying attention .
It ’s a box mix , people .
And it makes the most fantastic rajmah , or kidney bean curry .
Wait !
Let me explain .
Long before I had cooked a single Indian dish , I was overwhelmed at the thought of it .
I did n’t have the spices .
I did n’t know which spices I ’d want .
I was sure I ’d use them all wrong .
There ’s like an art and a science to this and I am a dilettante in the world of Indian cooking .
And one day we were at Whole Foods , and they of course had some cooking samples out , these provided from a company that was packaging Indian spice mixes for classic dishes , for which they helpfully provided recipes on the back .
The aloo gobi was okay .
The chicken tikka masala was , you know , not bad either .
But the kidney bean curry ?
Swoon .
We took it home with us that very night .
In the years since , I have found Indian recipes I ca n’t get enough of .
There are Curried Lentils and Sweet Potatoes , Tangy Cabbage Salads and an Everyday Yellow Dal , Red Split Lentils with Cabbage , Indian - Spiced Vegetable Fritters and my favorite , the one that we make many times a year , Indian - Spiced Cauliflower and Potatoes .
And we always serve it with my super - secret rajmah mix .
In fact , my shame associated with taking spices from a packaged mix was so great , I failed to note this wee detail : I was actually cooking this dish from scratch !
There are beans , chopped tomotoes , canned sauce , fresh ginger and onion and garlic and chiles and you prep them all yourself and seriously , does this sound to you like a box mix ?
No ?
That ’s because all it provides is the spices .
Spices that , as it turns out , are already in my spice rack .
Once I did realize this , it was n’t long before I no longer even needed it for that .
Free at last !
And free to share without shame .
* I promise , you will never see a Smitten Kitchen recipe that says , “ first , buy this thing from this brand at this store . ”
One year ago : Pasta Puttanesca , Broken Artichoke Heart Salad
Two years ago : Dill Bread
Get ready for more massive writedowns .
The big problem with Tim Geithner 's plan to fix the banks is the same as it ever was :
The gap between what banks say their assets are worth and what the market says they are worth .
When a bank says an asset is worth 60 cents and the market says it 's worth 30 cents , someone has to cover that spread .
The genius of Geithner 's plan is that it pawns most of the cost ( and most of the risk ) off on the taxpayer without the taxpayer noticing .
But unless the taxpayer gets stuck with the entire spread , which is probably what Geithner is hoping , banks that sell assets will have to take massive writedowns .
This will start the whole cycle of violence again .
This risk to the banks is particularly acute when dealing with whole loans that the banks currently say they have no plans to sell .
These loans are often carried at 100 cents on the dollar , because loans classified as held to maturity do n't have to be marked to market .
Even subsidized buyers wo n't likely be willing to pay anywhere near 100 cents on the dollar for these loans .
So , here , the writedowns could potentially be huge .
And then there 's another problem :
If the banks go through the exercise of putting assets up for sale only to have the bids come in at , say , 40 cents instead of the 60 cents on the books , the banks ' accountants and / or federal regulators might notice .
So even if the banks recoil in horror and refuse to sell at 40 cents , someone somewhere might insist that assets now carried at 60 cents be written down to 40 cents ( after all , they wo n't have the " temporary illiquidity discount " excuse anymore , will they ? ) .
This will blow another huge hole in the banks ' balance sheets .
Given this , banks would probably be wise not to participate in Geithner 's plan .
Which is why the government is already talking about forcing them to :
FT : " The unspoken fear here is that selling off loan portfolios would lead to more government capital injections into major banks , " said an executive at a large bank ...
Richard Bove , an analyst at Rochdale Research , wrote in a note to clients : " [ The plan ] will not happen because it would destroy bank capital .
It might cause a bank to fail the new stress tests under way .
Banks will not take this risk . "
But while banks in theory have discretion over whether to sell loans , Sheila Bair , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , said this decision would be made " in consultation with regulators " – a sign that the authorities might put pressure on banks to sell toxic assets .
It 's time to face the fact that we have already de facto nationalized the big banks -- and that the way we 've done it is worse than standard receivership and restructuring .
The longer we remain in denial about this , the worse off we 'll be .
But that 's another story ...
See Also :
Top 25 Hedge Fund Managers Only Made $ 12 Billion Last Year
Magna Cum Lousy : Where Today 's Bad CEOs Went To School
The Event Essentials Stationery and Event Design Studio | p| 602 .
330 . 9505 |e| info@theEventEssentials.com |w| www.theEventEssentials.com
Well hello there !
I'm Mrs. Kim , a passionate designer in constant search for unique , cutting - edge ideas for stylish invitations and personalized celebrations .
I absolutely love being creative , I 'm obsessed with all - that - sparkles , and believe that " WOW " is one of the greatest compliments .
Follow us on :
7 Awesome Steampunk Appliances
Of course you want to outfit your home with nice appliances – everyone wants that .
But what if you want more than what Home Depot can offer ?
What if you want your appliances to look like they came straight from a science - fiction subgenre of post - gothic speculative fantasy ?
Well , kind squires and ladies , allow our automaton butler to take your top hat and cashmere rag-cloak .
Affix your mechanized monocles so you can more closely examine our list of the 7 awesome Steampunk appliances that we ’ve found online .
7. The News Brews
Steaming hot java and the morning newspaper seem like the last refuge before starting the daily grind .
However few get to partake in this domesticated bliss in today ’s time - crunch culture .
What if you could combine the two luxuries in your travel - mug as you head out the door ?
The News Brews percolates your coffee from beans grown in the regions that are mentioned in today ’s news feeds and it adjusts the beans proportions based on the frequency of mentions .
The news has never been so “ infolicious ” .
6. Victorian All - in- One PC
Made of new and old parts ( including some from the dump ) , this fully - functional machine has everything you ’d expect from a PC , but with more soldered copper , bronze , brass , and aluminum gears than may actually be necessary .
The keyboard was repainted and the keys were plucked out to accommodate vintage typewriter keys .
We ’re guessing a shiny tangle of cogs wired to the machine was built in the same fashion .
See more at the Steampunk Workshop .
5. Copper Pipe Fixtures Lamp
Professor Fzz is an Aethernet engineer and spends his free time doodling and dreaming about steam locomotives .
He ’s created several copper pipe lighting mechanisms , as well as , egg cannons and rockets .
Ste -amazing !
4. Blood Transfusion Device
This odd contraption , looking like a sanguine - filled music box , was a prop blood transfusion device built by www.SteamGearLab.com for the cult classic Vampyr , produced by Red Scream .
An ornate hand - crank moves the gears that pump blood through the tubes to the taps .
3. Trash Boiler
Built by inventor ( and Flickr user ) Boilermonster , this is the only garbage incinerator we ’ve ever seen that was n’t completely offensive .
Here ’s Boilermonster running down the specs : “ This is a Lamont style boiler , having about 150′ of 3/8 tubing .
I have hydro tested it to 125 lbs and run it at about 50lb .
This was designed to process grey water at B - man so we would have fresh water for our steam car and other uses . ”
2. Concertina Adjustable Reading Lamp
These reading lamps , from The Antique Lighting Company , will add a Victorian veneer to any nightstand , ensuring sweet Steampunk dreams after the lights are switched off .
1. Edison - lit Vanity Mirror
Via the indispensable Steampunk Home , this sink / vanity mirror combo is the best way to apply your eyeliner in the morning .
Note the eerily accurate Edison - bulb lighting to add a perfectly pasty burnt - orange glow to your skin .
For more cool Steampunk DIYs , check out the Steampunk Gear Flickr group .
Or else just go to Boing Boing , which needs to just admit that it ’s basically a Steampunk fan - fiction site .
This page is a part of CVprimer.com , a wiki devoted to computer vision .
It focuses on low level computer vision , digital image analysis , and applications .
The exposition is geared towards software developers , especially beginners .
The wiki contains discussions of computer vision and related issues , mathematics , algorithms , code examples , source code , and compiled software .
If you have any questions or suggestions , please contact me directly .
From Computer Vision Primer
Welcome To Computer Vision Primer !
- CVprimer.com - - CVprimer.com -
A software developer 's resource of computer vision methods from Intelligent Perception Overview
Projects
Blog
Computer Vision For Beginners : A Developer ’s Platform
The current image analysis and computer vision technology is a very large collection of disparate “ tools ” in the form of “ toolboxes ” , “ cookbooks ” , or code libraries .
It follows the following outdated manual paradigm :
Image analysis tools include “ edge detection ” , “ thresholding ” , “ segmentation ” , “ Fourier transform ” , “ wavelets ” , " the Laplacian of the Gaussian " ( my favorite ) , and on and on , all drown in a sea of image processing tools .
It takes serious training and experience to put these pieces together .
The methods are mathematically advanced at a level that goes well beyond what is covered in a typical undergraduate degree in computer science : Fourier and wavelet transforms , partial differential equations , probability and statistics , discrete topology and geometry , etc .
A computer vision platform should allow the software developer to concentrate on the user ’s needs instead of custom development of or experimentation with mathematical methods and algorithms .
Our goal is to take care of the " Mathematical tools " part above so that the developer would face this :
Initially we 'll be able to handle only the fundamentals : objects in the image , their locations , measurements , their topology , etc .
It is what may be called the low level computer vision .
This data will allow the developer to concentrate on high level computer vision : what these objects represent in the context of his project .
For that we have our free software developer 's kit ( SDK ) .
If you also want to understand how everything works , this wiki gives you a unique chance .
We have complete and detailed expositions and source code .
In fact , this wiki is self - contained and requires only high school math ...
How To Read This Wiki
The wiki contains over 50 articles and there is a number of ways you can read it .
Depending on your interests , this is how you can start .
Each article has further links ( UC stands for “ under construction ” ) .
If you are just curious about computer vision ...
If you are interested in photo editing etc ...
If you are a scientist interested in image analysis for biology , medicine etc ...
If you are a student taking a computer vision class ...
Read the book assigned by your professor .
Ignore this wiki if you want a good grade ...
If you are a beginner software developer interested in elementary computer vision ...
If you are a software developer interested in advanced computer vision ...
If you are a computer vision researcher ...
Also take a look at these slides :
Contents
Incomplete list of topics ...
--> Homology in 2D UC
--> Image Sequences UC
--> Color Images UC
" UC " means " under construction " .
" < < " indicates dependency ( and so does a lower position - to some degree ) .
" >> " indicates suggested reading .
" --> " means that you can jump to that article .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Ottawa
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
As you sat there I watch this elderly woman sway and barely keep her balance as you continued to talk and snort into your phone .
Across from you sat another elderly woman , with a small child in a stroller ( I am assuming she is the child 's grandmother .
As this woman 's stop approached she got up and stood ready to leave the bus , stroller in tow .
Apparently this was your stop too .
I 'm assuming that you were dividing your attention between the phone call and thought of how many delicious chicken fingers you would eat when you got to your hovel , because you were clearly oblivious to this woman .
As the bus approached a red light , a few meters from the stop you , in a sudden burst of speed like I had never seen from someone of your girth , got up and pushed past the stroller and the elderly woman , knocking her against the wheel well .
You did n't fit but you also did n't say excuse me as you attempted to force your heaving mass through the 2 foot wide space .
Not even stopping to wonder why you were stuck ( I assume this is because it happens often ) you continued to push .
The back back , which had barely been secure on your shoulders swung off and smacked the small child ( no older than 18 months ) in the head as you managed to get unstuck an that extra foot ahead of this woman who gave me a look of desperation , alas I could do nothing .
Now , the small child , who had been asleep the whole ride , was suddenly awaken by a smack on the head .
This of course cause the child discomfort and it began to cry .
The woman , in no position to ease the soothing did her best with " shhhh's " and " no , no it 's ok ... " to stop or quell the crying .
Apparently this was too much for you to take as you turned around .
I was hoping you were n't going to do it .
A part of me knew you would , but the other part of me still had hope , a hope shattered as you opened your crumb garnished mouth : " Excuse me I 'm on the phone .
could you please control your child and get her it to stop crying .
It 's very rude to the other passengers .
" Now , I do n't and never have hit a women , ever .
Let me just say , had I been in a position to you definitely would have been the first .
You should be ashamed of your self .
Let 's connect some dots today , boys and girls to learn about the HIGHEST POSSIBLE TREASON that has happened in this country .
THIS IS AS REAL AND AS UGLY AS IT CAN GET .
Dot # 1 China begins its covert war on the FREE American republic in the 1950's by taking over much of the PHARMACEUTICAL DRUG manufacturing for American and British Big Pharma .
This is an outgrowth of the Rothschild 's OPIUM RING PROCESSING by the British West Indies company during the 1800's , and is brokered by the " City of London " and Washington D.C. Dot # 2 Arch - illuminist and satanist Henry Kissinger " normalizes " trade relations with China during the Nixon years .
Dot # 3 Eventual LDS ( Mormon ) Church President Gordon B. Hinckley , via the church - owned Polynesian Cultural Center in Hawaii , establishes a " hard currency " pipeline with Bejing , exchanging bank " trade credits " for CIA / BRITISH MI6 DRUG SERVICES RENDERED into hard GOLD AND SILVER while hiding behind the cloak of " World Religion " .
This is facilitated via the LDS - Church built and controlled " Shenzhen Special Economic Zone " adjacent to Hong Kong .
When Hinckley is made LDS President , his first " official " visit as " World Prophet " is to China , where the Chinese Communist leaders give him a hero 's welcome and a confetti parade .
( See attached paper --- " Pensees of a Puzzled Pilgrim " pp 5 - 6 and Desert News , June 1 , 1996 article : " President Hinckley Visits China " ) .
Dot # 4 Arkansas natives Bill Clinton and Sam Walton massively increase contracts with China 's factories over 2,000 % .
This results in a tremendous imbalance of trade with China .
Thanks to the Mormon " Special Economic Zone " -- China 's communist leaders begin amassing incredible " real " wealth in gold and silver .
Dot # 5 China purchases TRILLIONS of dollars worth of U.S. Treasury Bills and Bonds , paying for it with gold and silver provided by the Shenzhen Economic Zone exchanges .
Much of the U.S. " national debt " is purchased from the private " Federal Reserve " banks in this manner .
Dot # 6 Dr. Jeff Taubenberger of the U.S. Institute of Pathology in Ft. Dedrick MD , ( The world headquarters for biologic weapons development ) successfully maps the genome of the 1918 killer " flu " virus responsible for the 1918 " pandemic " that killed millions .
The worst killer virus ever to plague mankind is now ready to be used as a covert " weapon " disguised as a natural " influenza " mutations .
Dot # 6 July , 2005 : The Illuminati - conrolled United Nations announces that the world is long over - due for an " influenza pandemic " .
The H5N1 " Avian Flu " is wrongfully demonized as a COVER .
Dot # 7 December 2005 : The Chinese Defense Minister , Chi Haotiaon delivers a speech to the Chinese military leaders outlining the inevitable " expansion " of China into Canada , the U.S. , and Australia --
He justifies this because of Chinese racial " superiority " and thus " emminent domain " .
To accomplish this , American would first have to be " Cleansed " by means of a powerful " biological weapon " --- causing 150 - 200 MILLION AMERICAN DEATHS !!!
The plan would be enacted AFTER the symbolic OLYMPIC GAMES beginning at the sacred day of 8-08 - 08 are concluded .
China begins buying oil and gas futures , spiking the worldwide prices to historic levels .
Dot # 8 March 13 , 2008 : A secret meeting is conducted for the U.S. House and Senate .
Agents of the Club of Rome give a preview of upcoming events to elected officials who first swear an oath of secrecy .
The traitors are briefed that the economy will begin its collapse in October , 2008 -- and will TOTALLY collapse in mid 2009 .
As events unfold in 2009 - 2010 , Congress was told of the real possibily of massive civil unrest and even Civil War being waged .
Detention camps constructed to imprison civil ' agitators ' .
See http://www.afterdowningstreet.org/node/34877 for the complete meeting agenda .
Dot #9
In September , 2008 -- as soon as the Olympics are concluded , China stops buying oil and gas futures while dumping U.S. Treasury bills and bonds .
Gasoline prices plummet , while the U.S. mortgage loan money becomes tightly constricted .
The Club of Rome 's agenda is being implemented perfectly .
Dot # 10
In October , just as explained in March , the economy indeed begins its collapse with mortgage banks going bankrupt as the Chinese dump their U.S. Securities .
This causes a world - wide " rush to liquidity " as money supplies DRASTICALLY tighten .
Dot # 11 Billions of worthless U.S. Government " bailout " debit entries are given to bolster failing U.S. Banks .
These are " worthless " because China now controls most of the U.S. " REAL " wealth in the form of gold and silver .
China refuses to continue investing credit loans to the U.S. Treasury .
Dot # 12 Barack Hussein Obama is elected , promising " Change you can believe in . "
After taking office in January , Obama sends Hillary Clinton on a critical mission to China and helps write H.R. 45 -- a complete grab of America 's guns ala Adolph Hitler .
State leaders who understand what Clinton and Obama agenda with China is about , are seeking legal " Sovereignty " to prevent the loss of property to a foreign power .
Dot # 13 China agrees to continue investing in U.S. Treasury Bills only after securing the right of " eminent domain " to physically repossess foreclosed American PRIVATE PROPERTY .
This move is the equivalent of an unconditional surrender following a bloody war .
This also gives the Chinese military the LEGAL RIGHT to use biological weaponry to " Clean up America all at once " .
It gives them the legal right to use deadly force in removing trespassing Americans from occupying Chinese real estate .
Connect these 13 evil dots , and this is what you get : FEDS GRANT EMINENT DOMAIN AS COLLATERAL TO CHINA FOR U.S. DEBTS BEIJING , China -- Sources at the United States Embassy in Beijing China have just CONFIRMED that the United States of America has tendered to China a written agreement which grants to the People 's Republic of China , an option to exercise Eminent Domain within the USA , as collateral for China 's continued purchase of US Treasury Notes and existing US Currency reserves .
The written agreement was brought to Beijing by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and was formalized and agreed - to during her recent trip to China .
This means that in the event the US Government defaults on its financial obligations to China , the Communist Government of China would be permitted to physically take -- inside the USA -- land , buildings , factories , perhaps even entire cities - to satisfy the financial obligations of the US government .
Put simply , the feds have now actually mortgaged the physical land and property of all citizens and businesses in the United States .
They have given to a foreign power , their Constitutional power to " take " all of our property , as actual collateral for continued Chinese funding of US deficit spending and the continued carrying of US national debt .
This is an unimaginable betrayal of every man , woman and child in the USA .
An outrage worthy of violent overthrow .
--------------
UPDATE 1:40 pm EST
Eminent Domain is the power of government to TAKE private property for public use without the consent of the property owner .
Under our Constitution , the government can only " take " when providing " just compensation " for what they 've taken .
Who decides what constitutes " just compensation ? "
The government !
Homeowners who felt the government was not paying them enough for property in past " takings " have filed lawsuits .
In absolutely every such case , the value placed upon the property by the government was upheld by the courts .
Our federal government has now granted to China , this power to " take " our homes and businesses in the event the US Gov't defaults on its debts .
Let 's play this out as a worst case scenario .
. . .
The US Gov't goes belly - up and China comes in and says , " they owed us $ 2 Trillion in Treasury Notes and another $ 2 Trillion in actual cash money which is now worthless .
We are taking the entire state of Hawaii and the entire state of California in lieu of this bad debt . "
With the stroke of a Chinese chop stick , Hawaii and California -- all the land and buildings in those states -- are now owned by China .
The " taking " would be a " valid public use " because it was " taken " in payment of the public debt !!!!
China could then turn around and declare the value of all that land to be worth .
. . . .
I dunno , ten cents on a dollar ?
For your $ 200,000 house , you get a Chinese check for $ 20,000 .
Needless to say , the property owners would go ballistic and demand " just compensation " for what was taken .
Who gets to decide what is " just ? " China !
Do n't think you got a fair price for what they took ?
No problem , sue China .
You 'll lose .
People who live in those states and own their land outright , might be able to negotiate with China to " rent " back their own property , as long as the property owner continued to pay all his taxes ; but the land and buildings would belong to China .
This is what our own Government has just done to us and it is the single most vile act of betrayal in the history of human existence .
-------------
SECOND UPDATE 3:48 PM
In early February nine U.S. States began the process of re- asserting their Sovereignty pursuant to the Ninth and Tenth Amendments to the US Constitution ; declaring null and void any actions by Congress that violated the Constitution .
The states took action to make certain the feds could n't give away cities or the states themselves !
This situation is going to get VERY ugly , VERY fast as one sovereign power ( the feds ) try to literally give away the land of other sovereign powers , ( the states ) .
This is the type of thing that starts Civil War .
Our present federal government makes the treachery and betrayal of Benedict Arnold look like child 's play .
China Speaks ( pdf ) READ THIS
Anti-whaling activists have been repelled by the Japanese whaling fleet in the Antarctic as the whalers employ beefed up defences .
The Sea Shepherd 's leader , Paul Watson , said two activists were slightly injured by the whalers .
Nearly a day into the renewed pursuit of the fleet far south - east of Tasmania , polar weather moderated enough for Sea Shepherd to deploy small boats and a helicopter from its ship , Steve Irwin .
It states : " Unmanned Aerial Vehicles are likely to become an increasingly useful tool for police in the future , potentially reducing the number of dangerous situations the police may have to enter and also providing evidence for prosecutions and support police operations in ' real time ' . "
When Google announced its integrated phone service called Google Voice Thursday , it said something very loud .
Google is saying it wants to be the world ’s communication hub , and hundreds of companies — ranging from mobile phone operators to Skype to Microsoft better be listening .
Google Voice is a free service that offers " one number for life , " so that one incoming call to that number gets forwarded to all your other numbers — work , mobile , home or hotel room .
Users get free calls across the United States and international rates cheaper than Skype .
Landlines , computers and cellphones can all access its services .
Voicemails are machine transcribed and sent as e-mails or text messages , and there are loads more features , including smart handling of SMS messages and free conference calls .
It ’s built on top of GrandCentral , a company Google acquired in July 2007 .
Google Voice clearly aims to steal some of Skype ’s 400 million online callers .
But it ’s trying less to be a Skype replacement than a complete revolution in how you communicate — and with Google Voice , no matter who makes your phone , or sells you minutes or bills your land line , Google will always be involved .
Google Voice will eventually tie into Google apps , making it a threat to Microsoft Outlook and other business communication tools currently used by small and medium - sized businesses , according to Jon Arnold , principal at J. Arnold Associates , a firm that focuses on IP research and communications .
" This makes Google the hub of your communications center .
That should be enough to make Microsoft worried for Outlook and the telcos worried for the scale of Google ’s ambitions , " says Arnold .
" When you control the address book , you control the customer , so to speak . "
Chicago - based tech consultant Kapil Sachdev is a longtime GrandCentral user who converted his office phone to use GrandCentral and he loves the new offering .
He ’d held off putting the number as the only one on his business card because it was n’t clear what would happen after Google bought the company .
But that will change soon .
" Google Voice offers freedom , " Sachdev said after playing with the new application Thursday .
Comparatively , Skype is limited , he said , because " you are tied to a computer all the time with Skype . "
But it is n’t just Skype that needs to worry about Google Voice .
While Google Voice product manger Craig Walker downplayed the threat to traditional telecom software , he did cite corporate PBX systems as an example of what Google Voice is trying to do — " [ PBX system ] can do a million things , but it ’s very difficult to use … what we want to do is go after users who want that type of control . "
Ben Lilienthal , general manager of the audio services group for Citrix Online , which offers VOIP - based services to businesses , is n’t convinced that businesses will move to the service very soon .
" For a consumer , it is a pretty compelling service , " Lilienthal said .
" But I think if you are a business user , it ’s not necessarily a road you would want to go down .
There are a bunch of things business users worry about that consumers do n’t .
If it does n’t work , can I get a live person on the phone ?
Is it reliable ?
What kind of quality of service can I get ? "
He points to recent prolonged Gmail outages as reason why companies might think twice about switching over to the service .
Google Voice also threatens to disrupt voice - to - text startups like SpinVox , with built - in support for turning your voicemail messages into searchable text .
Voice - to - text is one of the cornerstones of Google ’s drive into mobile search .
Google already uses the same technology to power GOOG - 411 and the voice - activated search app for the iPhone .
Getting even more samples — from messages left for users — will only help tune the algorithms for more lucrative ventures .
The biggest change for GrandCentral users is the new interface , which will look a lot like Gmail ( though thus far it does not appear that Voice will be integrated directly with Gmail as many had speculated ) .
The new Google Voice interface changes the inbox view , offering SMS messages , access to voicemail and other features in a sidebar on the left , with the main message list in the center .
Google has n’t set a timetable yet for opening up Google Voice to everyone , but current GrandCentral users should receive instructions on how to change over to Google Voice in the next couple of days .
For more information on how Google Voice works , check out the videos below .
The first introduces the new voicemail transcription feature and the second shows how you make calls with Google Voice .
There are also quite a few more videos covering various other Voice features in the Google YouTube channel .
Co-written by Scott Gilbertson with reporting from Priya Ganapati .
See Also :
gearing up for war in outer space
The only questions about whether there will be a war in space are when and what weapons will be used .
Humans are territorial creatures .
The only reason why we seem to share outer space with each other is because we ca n’t put up border crossings and have them stay in the same place .
But when we reach out to the Moon and to Mars , we ’re going to have land that we can physically guard and patrol .
Conflicts are imminent .
The age of real space wars is slowly creeping up on us and when it arrives , few will be surprised .
After all , we ’re used to war and on our own home world , we ’ve built vast , devastating arsenals .
What going to be a real shocker though , is that many of our modern weapons will be obsolete in the vacuum of space and we ’ll need to think of new and very different ways to kill each other .
Last year , when China and the U.S. shot down a pair of orbiting satellites in an international tit for tat saber rattling exercise , they had to use missiles with kinetic kill vehicles .
That ’s military speak for a missile that uses sheer momentum to destroy a target rather than high explosives in its warhead .
On Earth , we can rely on explosive charges and the energy of their shockwaves to take out targets .
But shockwaves rely on pressure to do their damage and without enough gases in space to move around , explosions are only as powerful as their initial burst .
So when missiles with explosive charges hit a satellite , they can damage it but not necessarily bring it down .
High speed impacts that transfer nothing but raw , kinetic energy and do n’t need a hand from a pressure wave to do their job , are much more effective and guarantee that a good shot will obliterate your target .
When the first generation of space destroyers takes off , expect them to be armed with kinetic missiles and electromagnetic pulses rather than explosive warheads or lasers which tend to be the standard fare for warships in the sci - fi world .
Even the mighty thermonuclear warheads of our nightmares would only be effective weapons on a surface of a celestial object .
Ok , you may be asking yourself , nukes need pressure waves to propagate their energy but what ’s what ’s so bad about lasers ?
One word : diffusion .
Lasers are concentrated beams of light and they tend to diffuse over very long distances .
They would do a good job in guidance and targeting systems but a long rage laser beam would diffuse before imparting serious damage to its target .
Now , if there was a multi- petawatt beam that could slice into a spacecraft about six miles away , there might be real use for lasers on a cosmic battlefield .
Particle and electromagnetic beams suffer from the same problem as lasers but for a different reason .
The mutual repulsive force of the charged high energy particles that create the beam , would force it to keep expanding as it propagates .
Like a laser , it would need either extremely high starting energies or a powerful magnetic field to counter the repulsive force for the nanoseconds the beam would take to get to its target and impart its charge .
Whoever figures out a reliable technology for making lasers or particle beams effective would enjoy a major advantage on the battlefield .
Both would need just an infinitesimal fraction of a second to reach the enemy and do their damage .
And all that brings us to the big question .
What would the first space warships look like ?
Would they be the giant , imposing aircraft carrier style monsters we know and love ?
Well , not at first .
When wars in space are fought so far away , they require a mobile base to coordinate an attack , repair damaged craft and house hundreds of pilots , then we ’ll see immense space station - like ships which carry dozens of fighters that do much of the actual shooting and killing .
The space stations would house the most powerful weapons intended for surface bombardment or taking out other stations and their defenders .
The fighters themselves would be relatively large craft , something on the scale of a B2 bomber and either autonomous or remote controlled .
Which is more practical or effective will depend on how good AI technology gets and the type of mission the fighter is supposed to execute .
It might even be a hybrid , able to expand to accommodate human pilots and fight on its own .
I ’d use the term “ pilot agnostic . ”
It might seem depressing to think about how human conflicts will expand into space and we ’ll be committing countless billions of dollars to creating space faring tools of malice .
Space was supposed to be a place where humans go to avoid war and exploring other worlds , idealized by many to be the glue that will bring humanity together into a single collective .
But the reality of the situation is that there will always be someone with too much power and appetite for war and destruction setting up military bases anywhere they could be set up and no regulation , no nice document singed by diplomats as a novelty or a serious pledge with an enforcing body to back it up , will stop this person .
As long as we have nations , nationalism and people who ’s primary concern in life is to determine what ’s theirs and what should be theirs , we will always have the threat of war looming over our heads .
Space is the final frontier in many ways .
It ’s the place to put our science to the test and discover things we ’ve never dreamed of .
It ’s the place to start anew .
It ’s the place which can satisfy our urge to explore and keep exploring .
But it ’s also a place where we ’ll have new disputes and new problems that will often descend into violent conflict .
We should be ready .
[ illustration by Roy McLeish ]
Plans for a Big Brother database holding records of every citizen 's emails , internet visits and mobile phonecalls must include proper safeguards to protect the public from abuses of privacy , the head of the Crown Prosecution Service has warned .
Keir Starmer QC , the Director of Public Prosecutions , speaking publicly for the first time since taking up his post in November , said the Government , police and security agencies should only be allowed to collect and use that data where there was a clear " legitimate purpose " that justified the invasion of an individual 's privacy .
Mr Starmer 's comments yesterday will be leapt on by critics of the giant database plan who want the Government to water down the plans so that requests for access to information held on the new database will be made on a case - by - case basis .
And many civil liberty groups believe the capacity for holding so much private information in one place is open to abuse and would lead to miscarriages of justice as well as breaches of privacy .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Starmer said : " By its very nature criminal investigation touches on privacy .
I think the right balance for any investigation or prosecution has got to have a legitimate purpose .
Investigation of crime is a legitimate purpose . "
But Mr Starmer stressed , there must also be " effective safeguards " to act as a break on the state 's invasion of the public 's privacy .
His predecessor , Sir Ken Macdonald , described the database as an " unimaginable hell - house of personal private information " while the Government 's independent reviewer of terrorism , Lord Carlile QC , attacked the raw plans as " awful " .
An expert in internet security said yesterday that the database , which could cost up to £ 12bn , would be a waste of money .
Dr Richard Clayton , a security researcher at Cambridge University , told the BBC : " There 's going to be a record of every single email ...
That of course includes all the spam .
There are much better things to do to spend our billions on than snooping on everybody in the country just on the off chance that they 're a criminal . "
Changes to EU law mean that phone companies and internet service providers must store communications data for 12 months , but the Government wants to divert that information to a government - controlled database .
Under existing law , police and security agencies can request the information from companies .
Mr Starmer said the plans were at an " early stage " and that it was not clear what the " final model is going to be " .
But he cautioned : " It 's the overall purpose of this exercise that 's important . "
A Home Office spokesman said : " Communications data is crucial for the police to be able to investigate and identify criminal suspects ... in increasingly complex criminal and terrorist investigations and will enhance our national security . "
Big Brother : How much will they know ?
The wholesale collection and storage of all our email , internet and mobile phone records would allow the Government to know more than it has ever known about how we live our daily lives .
By accessing mobile phone records and using GPS tracker technology it would be possible to discover where a phone - user is on any given day .
Police or the security services would also be able to establish the length of each call as well as the number that was dialled .
Messages to and from social networking sites like Facebook and MySpace could also be subject to covert surveillance , meaning the Government would know both where we are and who our friends or associates might be .
This information would be added to the records of all email traffic , allowing investigators to form a clearer picture of our social lives .
This would include all emails , although not the content , from unsolicited sources .
The picture would be completed by a trawl of our internet history which might lead the police to draw conclusions about our interests and shopping habits .
At no time would we know we were being snooped on .
After a contentious conference call between quarterback Jay Cutler and the Denver Broncos ' brass on Monday , the situation has gone " from bad to worse , " according to a source close to the situation .
The call was supposed to be a meeting of the minds between Cutler and the Broncos ' brass , in particular new head coach Josh McDaniels .
The two got sideways Feb. 28 when word broke that McDaniels , the former New England offensive coordinator who replaced Mike Shanahan after 14 seasons , engaged in discussions about acquiring Matt Cassel from the Patriots in a three - way trade .
Cutler had maintained the Broncos initiated the talks .
McDaniels publicly said he was approached about a deal .
The conference call was anything but genial and the two sides are now further apart than prior to it , the source said .
The source added that the Broncos ' tone of the conference call was as if Cutler created the situation by asking for the trade and not the other way around .
A Broncos source with knowledge of the discussions said that the two sides did not grow further apart in Monday 's conference call and that issues were discussed openly and it was re-emphasized to Cutler he will not be traded .
The first source said McDaniels would n't confirm or deny whether the Broncos initiated the trade talks .
The Broncos did , though , tell Cutler that every player on the team could be traded and he could be traded at any time .
Still , Denver owner Pat Bowlen also stated in the conversation that Cutler will not be traded .
The Broncos publicly said Cutler will not be traded last week as the Cutler trade frenzy was in full force .
The Jonas Brothers Meet Their Wax Doubles ( Photos , Video )
The Jonas Brothers have officially arrived if having a wax likeness unveiled at Madame Tussauds is any indicator .
The boy band made an appearance in Manhattan 's Times Square earlier this week for a photo op with their wax doubles .
Other celebrity wax doubles can be viewed here : Miley Cyrus , Tyra Banks , Michael Phelps , Carrie Underwood , and Amy Winehouse .
Check out more photos below .
The event was also captured on video .
Photos : WENN
I found a handy little service called the Reverse Phone Detective , it 's really handy for checking up on annoying or unknown calls .
Do you ever get those phone calls that come at the most inopportune time ?
It never fails ; I 'll sit down to dinner with the family , and the phone will start ringing .
We never answer the phone during dinner , but after dinner I like to check up on any calls and see from whom it came .
On most nights , there are zero messages , no matter how many phone calls .
I used to just leave it at that , walk away and see the same numbers day after day .
Sometimes I 'd try calling back and either get a lot of annoying computer noises , someone in another country or -- once in a long while -- someone I actually wanted to talk to .
One of my sons actually suggested I do a reverse phone lookup to see who had been calling me .
I never thought of it before , it sounded like something I 'd see on Law & Order .
But sure enough , after a quick search for " reverse phone lookup " online , I found exactly what I was looking for .
The first thing I did was use the online reverse lookup to find the number of a really annoying telemarketer .
I called them back and was really nice about telling them to never call me again -- and they did n't !
I also used the service to call a few old friends back who had called but had not left messages .
It was great to catch up with them , and now I wonder how many calls I missed that I actually wanted to receive .
The reverse phone search got a bookmark on my Internet browser since I use it so much .
Watch the Reverse Phone Detective video
There were a ton of other features beside the simple reverse phone number lookup -- some stuff that really sounded like detective tools :
Stop annoying telemarketers
Find prank callers
Research numbers that pop up on your phone bill
Find someone 's address with their phone number
Research missed calls on your caller ID that you do n't recognize
Use old numbers to find old friends
Reverse cell phone lookup and landline lookup
I could see it being used to check up on your kids ' phone use , or even do some detective work on your spouse .
Though I used it only to find a couple friends and give a piece of mind to telemarketers -- which was well enough for me !
The service uses information stored in public records so the records are up to date and it's all legal .
The Reverse Phone Detective can also help with your own privacy .
You can use the service to " opt- out " of the online phone directory .
Go to ReversePhoneDetective.com
Reverse Phone Detective Review Submitted By Sam
Mozilla Labs has launched a new project called Bespin that provides a browser - based framework for interactive code editing .
The prototype includes a simple IDE with a built - in command system , a basic project management interface , and an editor that supports syntax highlighting and other features .
The Bespin framework is distributed under an open source license and can be deployed by users on any server .
It uses standards - based Web technologies and does n't rely on features that are specific to the Mozilla ecosystem , so you will eventually be able to use it in any standards - compliant Web browser .
It does use some cutting - edge standards , however , so you will need Firefox 3 or a WebKit nightly build to test it today .
The editor 's internal components are written in JavaScript and are very easy to extend .
Developers can add additional editor commands and syntax highlighting support for other programming languages .
Out of the box , the current protoytpe comes with highlighting support for CSS , JavaScript , and HTML .
Bespin uses several third - party frameworks , including Prototype and Scriptaculous .
The editable text area is rendered on a Canvas element .
The lead developers behind the Bespin project are Ben Galbraith and Dion Almaer , the co-founders of Ajaxian , a developer - oriented blog about emerging JavaScript technologies and advanced Web development .
" As we strive to evolve the Open Web as a robust platform for application development , we believe in the potential for web - based code editors to increase developer productivity , enable compelling user experiences , and promote the use of open standards , " Galbraith and Almaer wrote in a statement at the Mozilla Labs website .
" Just as Mozilla enables massive innovation by making Firefox open on many levels , we hope to do the same with Bespin by developing an extensible framework for Open Web development .
We ’re particularly excited by the prospect of empowering Web developers to hack on the editor itself and make it their own . "
A technical overview of the prototype and additional details about the Bespin vision are provided in a blog entry at Ajaxian .
You can test the demo and see an introductory video presentation at the Bespin website .
The project is still at an early stage of development and there is clearly a lot of work to be done before it will be able to deliver the same practical value as existing desktop editors .
Despite the limitations , it shows an enormous amount of promise and has the potential to eventually deliver a user experience that rivals even the best text editors .
Performance is not particularly good in Firefox 3 , and it lags quite a bit on my Linux desktop computer .
Ongoing efforts by the major browser vendors to improve JavaScript performance will likely help a lot .
As a hardcore Vim user , I have often wondered what would be possible if someone tried to create a new editor today that provides the same kind of inherent programmatic extensibility as Vim or Emacs but using a cleaner structure and an object - oriented programming model .
Bespin could answer that question and also bring a whole lot of additional value to the code editing space by leveraging the power of the Web .
Imagine being able to use the editor to edit itself and then save your JavaScript modifications to a server so that your custom enhancements will be accessible from anywhere when you log back in .
That is n't possible yet , but it seems like a natural evolution of the Bespin model .
One of the features that is planned for the future is the ability to import files that are stored in publicly accessible version control repositories .
Another feature that is on the roadmap is support for multiuser collaborative editing .
I spent some time looking through the code base , and I found it to be very accessible and intuitive .
To make a new command , for example , all you have to do is add a simple JavaScript command definition in the frontend / js / commandline / commands .js file .
The following is an example of a command from that file :
// ** {{{Command : insert}}} ** Bespin.Commands.add ( { name : ' insert ' , takes : [ ' text ' ] , preview : ' insert the given text at this point . ' , hidden : true , execute : function ( self , text ) { self.editor.model.insertChunk(self.editor.cursorPosition , text ) ; } } ) ;
Bespin is an extremely impressive project that stretches the limits of what can be achieved with the browsers of today using native standards - based Web technologies .
In doing so , it provides profound insight into the untapped potential of the medium and the kinds of capabilities and applications that could become commonplace in the future as browsers and Web standards evolve .
Die Bahn gibt mittlerweile zu , sogar E - Mails von Mitarbeitern gelöscht zu haben .
Offenbar noch zu einem Zeitpunkt , zu dem sich die Mails auf dem Server befanden .
Auch wenn sich die Bahn gegenüber dem Spiegel damit verteidigt , der Versand der Mails sei „ rechtswidrig “ gewesen und habe Probleme auf den Servern verursacht , dürfte es eng für die Verantwortlichen werden .
Sehr eng , denn die Sach - und Rechtslage für den Umgang mit Mitarbeiter - Mails ist mittlerweile klar .
Ist die nichtdienstliche Nutzung des E - Mail - Postfaches ausdrücklich untersagt ( zum Beispiel durch eine Betriebsvereinbarung ) , darf der Arbeitgeber die E - Mails des Arbeitnehmers sichten , denn es handelt sich um Geschäftspost .
Findet er erkennbar „ private “ oder „ gewerkschaftliche “ Mails , darf er diese aber trotzdem nicht lesen .
Er kann den Mitarbeiter aber ermahnen , abmahnen oder bei wiederholten Verstößen sogar kündigen .
Darf der Mitarbeiter übers Firmenpostfach auch nichtdienstliche Mails senden oder wird dies geduldet , ist sein Postfach für den Arbeitgeber tabu .
Unzulässig ist es , wenn der Arbeitgeber schon auf dem Server E - Mails unterdrückt , die vom Arbeitnehmer stammen oder für ihn bestimmt sind .
Denn für den Arbeitnehmer , der auch nichtdienstlich mailen darf , gilt das Fernmeldegeheimnis .
Ein Eingriff , sei es durch Lesen oder Löschen , ist strafbar ( § 206 Strafgesetzbuch , § 303a Strafgesetzbuch ) .
Wenn ausgerechnet diese Mails technische Probleme verursachten , war eine Löschaktion vielleicht gerechtfertigt .
Dann müsste die Bahn aber begründen , dass die Gefahr durch die Mails für die technische Infrastruktur wirklich so groß war , dass das Fernmeldegeheimnis zurücktreten musste .
Das wird nicht einfach sein .
Überdies : Selbst im Fall einer gerechtfertigten Löschung hätte die Bahn die betroffenen Mitarbeiter und auch den Betriebsrat von der Löschung informieren müssen .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Could banks have finally found their white knight ?
From hedge funds to insurance companies , the government is hoping the vast world of private capital will finally help clear the so - called " toxic assets " that have plagued banks ' books .
For nearly a year now , regulators have been courting private pools of capital to help lead the bank recovery .
Last fall , for example , the Federal Reserve gave private equity firms more leeway over how much control they can exert over a bank or savings and loan , as well as a greater presence in the boardroom .
Faced with the rising tide of bank failures , the FDIC took similar action in December by widening the pool for bidders of failed banks to investor groups and individuals .
Yet , the results of those efforts have been mixed at best as many investors have largely avoided anything associated with the ailing sector .
Now , regulators are hoping to reverse that trend with the so - called " Public - Private Investment Program " announced Monday .
The program , which required months of preparation and may still undergo further tweaks , will use taxpayers ' funds to seed partnerships with private investors that will buy up those toxic mortgages and exotic securities that have waylaid many of the nation 's largest banks .
The thinking is that by offering banks an opportunity to purge some of those cruddy assets from their balance sheet , it would not only mean fewer losses for lenders , but would help stimulate the flow of credit in the economy .
Potential players
So far , there have been some indications that interest in the program by private investors could be robust .
Asset manager BlackRock ( BLK , Fortune 500 ) said shortly after Monday 's announcement that they were not only interested in managing these so - called " bad assets " but wanted to harness the program for their investors .
Big - name fixed - income firms like Pimco and distressed investors are also shaping up to be major players in the program .
Given the wealth of cheap financing being offered by the government and the non-recourse structure of the loans , investors would have little so - called " skin in the game . "
" I think it is a real win - win , " said a top executive at a New York - based firm that invests in underperforming real estate assets , whose firm has a policy of not speaking with the media .
An executive at another investment firm who asked not to be named said that the public - private partnership was a " very good program " and added that his firm would consider buying loans as long as it is able to service them , that is collect the payments and other administrative duties involved with managing a loan .
The government is already trying to lure other large institutional investors into the fold , including the insurance industry , which collectively oversaw more than $ 6 trillion in assets as of the end of 2007 , according to the Insurance Information Institute .
Some of the nation 's largest pension funds , which help manage a significant piece of the nation 's wealth , indicated they would approach the program cautiously .
" We will examine the Public - Private Investment Program , as we do any investment program , " said Chad Peterson , a spokesman for TIAA - CREF .
Other notable investment firms have focused on distressed assets in the banking sector and troubled mortgages recently as well .
Lone Star Funds , a Texas hedge fund , acquired a chunk of super senior collateralized debt obligations at a deep discount from Merrill Lynch last summer , for example .
Buyout shop J.C. Flowers recently was part of a partnership to acquire the failed mortgage lender IndyMac .
And Private National Mortgage Acceptance Company , the California - based asset management firm led by former Countrywide executives better known as " PennyMac " , has been busy buying delinquent mortgages from the government .
A spokesman for PennyMac declined to comment about what interest , if any , the firm might have in participating in the Treasury 's new program .
Spokespeople for Lone Star Funds and J.C. Flowers were not available for comment .
Winning lottery tickets
Regulators have freely admitted that the thorny issue of pricing banks ' troubled assets has delayed the program up until now .
By paying too much , already - soaked taxpayers would fell the pinch yet again .
If those assets fetch too small of an asking price , banks would have to take another round of painful writedowns .
Analysts that track the banking industry worry that some lenders may have little motivation to participate , particularly when it comes to selling their existing troubled loans .
One veteran of the Resolution Trust Corporation , the Congressional - created entity which oversaw the cleanup of the savings - and - loan crisis of the early 1990s , added that the complexity of the latest Treasury program could prove unwieldy for regulators .
" RTC was elementary school algebra and this is like applied math in a graduate school course with a really bad professor that speaks in heavy German , " said Kevyn Orr , a bankruptcy partner in the Washington , D.C. office of law firm Jones Day who was formerly a lawyer with the Department of Justice and the RTC .
But banks , and investors , are widely expected to have little trouble striking a deal on many of the rotten asset - backed securities that continue to live on their books .
Espen Robak , president of Pluris Valuation Advisors , a firm which specializes in valuing troubled and other illiquid assets , said lower - grade mortgage securities that have been drastically marked down to just pennies on the dollar could be particularly attractive to investors .
He said there is more potential for investors in these securities to profit , particularly if the U.S. housing market recovers .
Plus , the risk of taking a loss is capped by the way the program is structured .
" These are essentially the asset equivalents to lottery tickets , " said Robak .
" They can pay off in a big way . "
Bug Description
It rarely stop by itself , if I 'm only listening to music it can work for hours .
However , most of the time when I come to work in the morning I find out the sound is n't working .
Not a single sound will come out of my machine until I either perform a alsa force - reload or reboot .
I think I noticed a pattern .
First I listen to music on hypem.com , then after a while hit pause and either go to lunch or go home .
If a Flash animation is left open and is outputting sound , even if paused , I 'm 90 % sure to find the sound server crashed when I come back .
I get no error messages , just the absence of sound .
Some applications , like totem , disable the sound buttons like if it was incapable of accessing the sound server .
Another annoying thing , when I force - reload alsa , every application accessing the sound server ( even when it does n't work ) crashes and close instantly .
Even Firefox can't recover and forget the opened tabs and starts a new session when restarted .
I use Ubuntu since Edgy and I never had any sound problems until Pulseaudio was introduced ..
I do n't know if there is a correlation , but it 's suspicious and deadly annoying .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Republican lawmakers from more than 20 states across the country are willing to take federal funding , but only on their terms .
Some state lawmakers are pushing for sovereignty from the federal government .
From Montana to South Carolina , lawmakers in mostly red states have pushed ahead with measures calling for state sovereignty under the Tenth Amendment , saying the federal government has overstepped its bounds with the stimulus package .
The states are calling for the right to ignore laws they deem unconstitutional .
Oklahoma state Sen. Randy Brogdon , a Republican and the first to introduce this type of legislation last year , originally pursued it because he thought then - President Bush and Congress exceeded their authority with the Real ID Act , which required states to include certain information on driver 's licenses .
He called the stimulus package " immoral and unconscionable " and said it was " the final straw that broke the financial back of America . "
Brogdon 's bill passed the state Senate on Wednesday and the state House approved a similar measure .
The office of lead House sponsor Republican Rep. Charles Key said it is confident a joint resolution will get through .
The legislation would be binding .
So , if the governor signs it , it theoreticallly would allow Oklahoma to ignore laws that are not " enumerated and granted to the federal government by the Constitution , " as stated in the Tenth Amendment .
" I 'm sick and tired of Congress overreaching and underachieving , " Brogdon said .
He added , " If we have an opportunity to salvage freedom and protect sovereignty , it has to be done at the state level . "
Similar legislation is moving along in South Carolina .
The bill already passed in the state House and a state Senate panel approved it on Tuesday .
Republican state Rep. Lee Bright said he chose to sponsor the South Carolina measure because he thinks the stimulus package grants the federal government more power than the Constitution allows .
" The federal government is living beyond the scope that the Constitution grants it and states should put it on notice , " Bright said .
" I have n't been pleased for some time with what the federal government gets involved in , but it came to a head with the stimulus bill . "
The Republican lead sponsor of the bill in Virginia , state Rep. Christopher Peace , said his state has used only a small portion of the money allocated in the stimulus package .
He said local officials are the best managers of Virginia 's budget and the federal government should n't interfere with how the state chooses to spend its money .
" I 'm not saying we do n't benefit from some of the money , but it 's important to question what are the roles and boundaries , and ask if Congress is exceeding them , " Peace said .
" Our representatives in the federal government represent the same people we do and they need to work to keep the government small and limited and efficient . "
All the bills invoke the Tenth Amendment , which states that " the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . "
Most are symbolic measures and none have passed yet , but local officials are hoping to send a message to Washington to back off .
Many states are criticizing the stimulus package , while others are trying to assert authority over other issues , like abortion in Missouri and exempting firearms from federal regulations in Montana .
Many of the bills include a provision that once the bill is passed , a copy will be sent to President Obama and Congress .
" It 's time to send a message to Congress that we 're sovereign , " said state Rep. Judy Burges , an Arizona Republican .
" We have many states doing this and if you have enough sending the same message , they 're going to have to step back and take a look at what they 're doing . "
All About U.S. State Government • U.S. Congress
Luxury brands are concerned , to put it mildly , about what ’s happening in Japan .
Japanese shoppers , at home and abroad , account for about half of the global luxury - goods market .
But according to a study released last fall by Bain & Company , the luxury market here was expected to shrink by 7 percent in 2008 , after falling by 2 percent the previous year .
Part of the problem is plain old economics — a sharp contraction following prolonged economic stagnation .
Last year , Japanese department stores posted their 12th consecutive year of declining sales .
Responding to the dog years of the 1990s and the bursting of the tech bubble , many Japanese companies have replaced full - time workers with temporary ones .
In 2007 , nearly 40 percent of Japanese workers were employed in non-staff ( contract or part - time ) positions , according to the Ministry of Health , Labor , and Welfare .
A growing proportion of young people once blessed with steady incomes are now “ freeters , ” people who float from job to job .
These circumstances are prompting deeper behavioral shifts .
In a country renowned for its after - work drinking , for example , 34 percent of the 20 - somethings surveyed by the Nikkei Marketing Journal in 2007 said they never or hardly ever drank alcohol .
The same poll found that the number of Japanese in their 20s who were saving money “ to prepare for the future ” had doubled between 2000 and 2007 .
Sakurai and other observers believe Japanese people have changed their attitude toward luxury consumption .
In the bubble years of the 1980s and early 1990s , many Japanese aspired to own the same Western brands — not to stand out , but rather to fit in .
Some 40 percent of Japanese consumers reportedly own a product from Louis Vuitton , whose parent company derives almost 10 percent of its revenue from Japan .
The collapse of the bubble economy in Japan and the “ lost decade ” of decline that followed left everyone a little wiser .
“ Japanese consumers were like a sponge , ” Chanel ’s Sakurai told me .
“ We absorbed everything , and then we got wrung out .
We ’re not going to absorb the same things as we used to . ”
What sells today is value .
When the Swedish discount fashion retailer H&M opened its first Japanese outlet in September , more than 5,000 people waited on line .
Today , “ it ’s not about how much money you have , ” Sakurai said .
“ It ’s about expressing your own personal style . ”
For young Japanese , as for youth everywhere , the more that personal style differs from their parents ’ , the better .
Junpei Kosaka , a 26 - year - old advertising executive , can afford to buy luxury brands but chooses not to .
Brands like Armani , he sniffs , are “ for rich old dandies . ”
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The Australian prime minister accused arsonists of " mass murder " today as the death toll from the deadliest bushfires in the country 's history reached 135 .
Officials in Victoria believe some of the 400 fires that reduced towns to blackened ruins may have been deliberately set , or have been helped to jump containment lines .
The incinerated towns have been officially declared as crime scenes .
The prime minister , Kevin Rudd , announced a $ 10 m ( £ 4.5 m ) emergency relief fund and said : " Hell in all its fury has visited the good people of Victoria ... many good people now lie dead . "
Speaking about the fears that arson could have played a part , he said : " What do you say about anyone like that [ an arsonist ] ?
There 's no words to describe it , other than it 's mass murder .
" This is of a level of horror that few of us anticipated . "
Mike Rann , the South Australian premier , described the arsonists as " terrorists " and " the enemy within " .
Authorities said the number of people known to have died would almost certainly rise as they reached deeper into the disaster zone , while forecasters warned that temperatures would rise again later in the week , raising the possiblity of further flare - ups .
At least 80 people were in hospital with burns .
" I think it [ the body count ] will be up into the 100s ... 200 , " acting Sergeant Scott Melville told the Melbourne Age .
" It 's like a war zone up here ... it 's like a movie scene . "
Police have sealed off Marysville and Kinglake , where dozens of people died , setting up roadside checkpoints and controlling access to the area .
Outside Marysville , residents who fled and news crews were told they could not enter because there were still bodies in the streets .
The Victoria police commissioner , Christine Nixon , said specialist fire investigators were at Churchill , east of Melbourne , and had strong suspicions that the blaze there had been started deliberately .
Kinglake saw the biggest loss of life , but " wherever a death occurred we investigate that as a crime " , she told ABC radio .
Victoria 's premier , John Brumby , broke down , saying : " It is just a day I hope in my lifetime I never see repeated . "
The state has roasted in extreme temperatures – the highest in 70 years – for a fortnight , with the fires driven by hot winds of more than 60 mph .
Officials said panic and the speed of the firefront probably accounted for the unusually high death toll , which have made this the country 's worst natural disaster in more than a century .
Many tried to escape the acrid smoke in their cars , but some did not make it as trees exploded and blocked their path .
Nixon said it appeared some people had simply run out of time .
" We 're finding [ bodies ] on the side of roads , in cars that crashed , " she told a news conference .
John Handmer , a wildfire safety expert at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology , said research had shown that people in the path of a blaze must get out early or stay inside until the worst has past .
" Fleeing at the last moment is the worst possible option , " he said .
" Sadly , this message does not seem to have been sufficiently heeded this weekend with truly awful consequences in Victoria . "
ABC radio told of a car seen in a small reservoir , after the driver apparently steered there in desperation .
The Victoria Country Fire Service said some 850 square miles ( 2,200 kilometres ) were burned out , with entire forests reduced to leafless , charred trunks .
The army has been called in to help thousands of exhausted firefighters as more than a dozen fires still burned uncontrollably across the state .
Fifty fires were also raging across New South Wales , where temperatures reached 46C ( 115 F ) yesterday .
Survivors said the devastated areas looked as though they had been hit by a nuclear bomb , and those who had started the blazes " must pay " .
Brumby said a royal commission , among the highest - level investigations that can be called under Australian law , would be held .
A former judge is usually appointed to take extensive evidence and make formal findings that can lead to charges or changes in the law .
Anyone found guilty of lighting a wildfire causing death faces 25 years in prison in Victoria , but a murder conviction could result in a life sentence , the federal attorney general , Robert McClelland , said .
From the devastation , stories of survival began to emerge .
Nine Network television reported that one woman , Nesh Sinclair , sheltered with her children in the burrow of a wombat as the worst of the fire passed .
Survivors scoured lists compiled by the Australian Red Cross at 20 emergency relief centres , looking for missing relatives .
More than 4,000 people had registered themselves with the agency .
Parliament suspended its normal sessions today to hear condolence speeches by legislators , many of them speaking in voices that quavered with emotion .
Gordon Brown told Rudd the UK was ready to help Australia , and the Queen offered her condolences to the bereaved families .
A veteran television newsreader , Brian Naylor , and his wife were among the victims .
A firefighter 's family died as he tried to protect the residents of another fire - ravaged town .
Mary Avola , from Strathewen , 30 miles north - east of Melbourne , described how she and her husband , Peter , had attempted to flee their endangered home on foot .
The 67 - year - old told her to go on ahead , and she has not seen him since .
" He was behind me for a while , " she told the Age .
" He just told me to go , and that 's the last time I saw him . "
Residents of the worst - hit areas of Victoria told of the extraordinary speed at which the fires travelled and said they feared there " was not going to be a tomorrow " .
A thick blanket of black ash blotted out the sun , leaving a " horrible orange glow " , one resident said , adding : " It rained fire . "
Others described how flames four storeys high raced across the land , wiping out towns within an hour .
The alpine town of Marysville was flattened street by street .
Witness Victoria Harvey told the Australian Associated Press that a businessman watched as a car in which his two children were sheltering went up in flames .
" He put his kids in the car , turned around to go grab something from the house , then his car was on fire with his kids in it and they burned , " she said .
Jack Barber said he fled his house in Pheasant Creek with his wife and a few belongings on Saturday and spent the night on a sports field dodging flames before driving out of the disaster zone on Sunday .
" There were dead horses , live horses , kangaroos bouncing down the road with flames at their back .
It was horrific , " he said .
Jim , from Tanjil South , was seeking refuge in his swimming pool as embers dropped in the water around him .
He told ABC radio it was " as dark as midnight " and " we can smell the fire ... we 're still in the pool here and we can hardly see here , it 's so dark " .
At least 750 homes have been destroyed and more than 330,000 hectares of land burnt .
The authorities said some fires could take weeks to contain .
The results of two experiments supported the hypothesis that , for sexist men , exposure to sexist humor can promote the behavioral release of prejudice against women .
Experiment 1 demonstrated that hostile sexism predicted the amount of money participants were willing to donate to a women 's organization after reading sexist jokes but not after reading nonhumorous sexist statements or neutral jokes .
Experiment 2 showed that hostile sexism predicted the amount of money participants cut from the budget of a women 's organization relative to four other student organizations upon exposure to sexist comedy skits but not neutral comedy skits .
A perceived local norm of approval of funding cuts for the women 's organization mediated the relationship between hostile sexism and discrimination against the women 's organization .
Aiken , L.S. , & West , S.G. ( 1991 ) .
Multiple regression : Testing and interpreting interactions .
Thousand Oaks , CA : Sage .
Google Scholar
Apte , M.L. ( 1987 ) .
Ethnic humor versus “ sense of humor ” : An American sociocultural dilemma .
American Behavioral Scientist , 30 , 27 - 41 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Attardo , S. ( 1993 ) .
Violation of conversational maxims and cooperation :
The case of jokes .
Journal of Pragmatics , 19 , 537 - 558 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Baron , R.M. , & Kenny , D.A. ( 1986 ) .
The moderator - mediator variable distinction in social psychological research : Conceptual , strategic , and statistical considerations .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 51 , 1173 - 1182 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Berlyne , D.E. ( 1972 ) .
Humor and its kin .
In J. H. Goldstein & P. E. McGhee ( Eds. ) ,
The psychology of humor ( pp. 43 - 60 ) .
New York : Academic Press .
Google Scholar Crossref
Bill , B. , & Naus , P. ( 1992 ) .
The role of humor in the interpretation of sexist incidents .
Sex Roles , 27 , 645 - 664 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Blanchard , F.A. , Crandall , C.S. , Brigham , J.C. , & Vaughn , L.A. ( 1994 ) .
Condemning and condoning racism : A social context approach to interracial settings .
Journal of Applied Psychology , 79 , 993 - 997 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Blanchard , F.A. , Lilly , T. , & Vaughn , L.A. ( 1991 ) .
Reducing expression of racial prejudice .
Psychological Science , 2 , 101 - 105 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Butland , M.J. , & Ivy , D.K. ( 1990 ) .
The effects of biological sex and egalitarianism on humor appreciation : Replication and extension .
Journal of Social Behavior and Personality , 5 , 353 - 366 .
Google Scholar
Cohen , J. , Cohen , P. , West , S.G. , & Aiken , L.S. ( 2003 ) .
Applied multiple regression / correlation analysis for the behavioral sciences ( 3 rd ed. ) .
Hillsdale , NJ : Lawrence Erlbaum .
Google Scholar
Crandall , C.S. , & Eshleman , A. ( 2003 ) .
A justification - suppression model of the expression and experience of prejudice .
Psychological Bulletin , 129 , 414 - 446 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Crandall , C.S. , & Ferguson , M.A. ( , September ) .
Prejudice and prejudices : Resistance to social change is at the heart of prejudice .
Paper presented at the conference “ Looking Toward the Future : Discrimination and Prejudice in the 21st Century , ” Madison , Wisconsin .
Google Scholar
Crosby , F. , Bromley , S. , & Saxe , L. ( 1980 ) .
Recent unobtrusive studies of Black and White discrimination and prejudice : A literature review .
Psychological Bulletin , 87 , 546 - 563 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Devine , P.G. , Monteith , M.J. , Zuwerink , J.R. , & Elliot , A.J. ( 1991 ) .
Prejudice with and without compunction .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 60 , 817 - 830 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Devine , P.G. , Plant , E.A. , Amodio , D.M. , Harmon - Jones , E. , & Vance , S.L. ( 2002 ) .
The regulation of explicit and implicit race bias :
The role of motivations to respond without prejudice .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 82 , 835 - 848 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Fine , G.A. ( 1983 ) .
Sociological approaches to the study of humor .
In P. E. McGhee & J. H. Goldstein ( Eds. ) , Handbook of humor research ( pp. 159 - 181 ) .
New York : Springer - Verlag .
Google Scholar Crossref
Ford , T.E. ( 2000 ) .
Effects of sexist humor on tolerance of sexist events .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 26 , 1094 - 1107 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Ford , T.E. , & Ferguson , M. ( 2004 ) .
Social consequences of disparagement humor : A prejudiced norm theory .
Personality and Social Psychology Review , 8 , 79 - 94 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Ford , T.E. , Ferguson , M.A. , Fitzgerald , C.M. , & Kalair , S. ( 2004 , October ) .
The effect of sexist humor on men's tolerance of sexism :
The role of norm saliency .
Mt. Pleasant : Michigan Sociological Association .
Google Scholar
Ford , T.E. , & Lorion , J. ( 2000 , November ) .
Perceptions of social norms implied by sexist humor :
The moderating role of hostile sexism .
Seattle , WA : National Communication Association .
Google Scholar
Ford , T.E. , Wentzel , E.R. , & Lorion , J. ( 2001 ) .
Effects of exposure to sexist humor on perceptions of normative tolerance of sexism .
European Journal of Social Psychology , 31 , 677 - 691 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Francis , R.G. ( 1988 ) .
Some sociology of humor :
The joke .
International Social Science Review , 63 , 431 - 446 .
Google Scholar
Frey , D.L. , & Gaertner , S.L. ( 1986 ) .
Helping and the avoidance of inappropriate interracial behavior : A strategy that perpetuates a nonprejudiced self - image .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 50 , 1083 - 1090 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Gaertner , S.L. , & Bickman , L. ( 1971 ) .
Effects of race on the elicitation of helping behavior :
The wrong number technique .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 20 , 218 - 222 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Gaertner , S.L. , & Dovidio , J.F. ( 1986 ) .
The aversive form of racism .
In J. F. Dovidio & S. L. Gaertner ( Eds. ) , Prejudice , discrimination and racism ( pp. 61 - 89 ) .
San Diego , CA : Academic Press .
Google Scholar
Glick , P. , & Fiske , S.T. ( 1996 ) .
The ambivalent sexism inventory : Differentiating hostile and benevolent sexism .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 70 , 491 - 512 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Greenwood , D. , & Isbell , L.M. ( 2002 ) .
Ambivalent sexism and the dumb blonde : Men's and women 's reactions to sexist jokes .
Psychology of Women Quarterly , 26 , 341 - 350 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Gruner , C.R. ( 1997 ) .
The game of humor : A comprehensive theory of why we laugh .
New Brunswick , NJ : Transaction Books .
Google Scholar
Henkin , B. , & Fish , J.M. ( 1986 ) .
Gender and personality differences in the appreciation of cartoon humor .
Journal of Psychology , 120 , 157 - 175 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Jaccard , J. , Turrisi , R. , & Wan , C.K. ( 1990 ) .
Interaction effects in multiple regression .
Newbury Park , CA : Sage .
Google Scholar
Khoury , R.M. ( 1985 ) .
Norm formation , social conformity , and the confederating function of humor .
Social Behavior and Personality , 13 , 159 - 165 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
LaFrance , M. , & Woodzicka , J.A. ( 1998 ) .
No laughing matter : Women 's verbal and nonverbal reactions to sexist humor .
In J. Swim & C. Stangor ( Eds. ) , Prejudice :
The target 's perspective ( pp. 61 - 80 ) .
San Diego , CA : Academic Press .
Google Scholar Crossref
Lewis , C.S. ( 1942 ) .
The screwtape letters .
New York : HarperCollins .
Google Scholar
MacCallum , R.C. , Zhang , S. , Preacher , K.J. , & Rucker , D.D. ( 2002 ) .
On the practice of dichotomization of quantitative variables .
Psychological Methods , 7 , 19 - 40 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Mannell , R.C. ( 1977 ) .
Vicarious superiority , injustice , and aggression in humor :
The role of the playful “ judgmental set . ”
In A. J. Chapman & H. C. Foot ( Eds. ) ,
It 's a funny thing , humor ( pp. 273 - 276 ) .
Elmsford , NY : Pergamon .
Google Scholar
McGhee , P.E. ( 1972 ) .
On the cognitive origins of incongruity humor : Fantasy assimilation versus reality assimilation .
In J. H. Goldstein & P. E. McGhee ( Eds. ) ,
The psychology of humor ( pp. 61 - 79 ) .
New York : Academic Press .
Google Scholar
Monteith , M.J. , Deenen , N.E. , & Tooman , G.D. ( 1996 ) .
The effect of social norm activation on the expression of opinions concerning gay men and Blacks .
Basic and Applied Social Psychology , 18 , 267 - 288 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Monteith , M.J. , Devine , P.G. , & Zuwerink , J.R. ( 1993 ) .
Self - directed versus other - directed affect as a consequence of prejudice - related discrepancies .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 64 , 198 - 210 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Mulkay , M. ( 1988 ) .
On humor :
Its nature and its place in modern society .
New York : Basil Blackwell .
Google Scholar
Plant , E.A. , & Devine , P.G. ( 1998 ) .
Internal and external motivation to respond without prejudice .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 75 , 811 - 832 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Ross , L. , Greene , D. , & House , P. ( 1977 ) .
The “ false consensus effect ” :
An egocentric bias in social perception and attribution processes .
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology , 13 , 279 - 301 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Ryan , K. , & Kanjorski , J. ( 1998 ) .
The enjoyment of sexist humor , rape attitudes , and relationship aggression in college students .
Sex Roles , 38 , 743 - 756 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Sechrist , G.B. , & Stangor , C. ( 2001 ) .
Perceived consensus influences intergroup behavior and stereotype accessibility .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 80 , 645 - 654 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Sechrist , G.B. , Stangor , C. , & Killen , M. ( 2005 ) .
Prejudice as social norms .
In C. S. Crandall & M. Schaller ( Eds. ) , Social psychology of prejudice : Historical and contemporary issues ( pp. 163 - 183 ) .
Lawrence , KS : Lewinian .
Google Scholar
Sev'er , A. , & Ungar , S. ( 1997 ) .
No laughing matter : Boundaries of gender - based humour in the classroom .
Journal of Higher Education , 68 , 87 - 105 .
Google Scholar ISI
Stangor , C. , Sechrist , G.B. , & Jost , J.T. ( 2001 ) .
Changing racial beliefs by providing consensus information .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 27 , 486 - 496 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Swim , J.K. , Aikin , K.J. , Hall , W.S. , & Hunter , B.A. ( 1995 ) .
Sexism and racism : Old - fashioned and modern prejudices .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 68 , 199 - 214 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Thomas , C.A. , & Esses , V.M. ( 2004 ) .
Individual differences in reactions to sexist humor .
Group Processes and Intergroup Relations , 7 , 89 - 100 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Tougas , F. , Brown , R. , Beaton , A.M. , & Joly , S. ( 1995 ) .
Neosexism : Plus Ca change , plus C'est pareil .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 21 , 842 - 849 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Viki , G.T. , Thoma , M. , & Hamid , S. ( 2006 ) .
Why did the woman cross the road ?
The effect of sexist humor on men's self - reported rape proclivity .
Unpublished manuscript , University of Kent , Canterbury , United Kingdom .
Google Scholar
Wells , G.L. , & Windschitl , P.D. ( 1999 ) .
Stimulus sampling and social psychological experimentation .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 25 , 1115 - 1125 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
YouTube announced Thursday that it will soon allow downloads of author - approved videos with the option of charging a small fee , creating a new revenue stream for online filmmakers in addition to current ad - share agreements .
Video owners will also be able to choose Creative Commons rights associated with a videos similar to Flickr , allowing downloads to be remixed or require a credit to the author .
You must first sign up as a partner with YouTube to participate in the program and sign an additional agreement .
Working strictly with partners likely prevents copyright infringement by users who are not verified .
The new feature is currently being tested through several universities including Stanford , Duke and UC Berkeley which are offering content for free and a few other partners who are charging for downloads .
All transactions will take place using Google Checkout , and a new tab has been added in a user ’s account to keep track of purchases .
This sounds great in theory , but there are a few problems that will have to be dealt with as YouTube becomes more open .
For the initial launch , files will be downloaded in mp4 format and not DRM - protected , so there is the potential for abuse and file sharing .
And there are multiple programs out there which already facilitate downloads of YouTube videos for free by simply providing a link like Vixy or KeepVid .
" Here 's an idea .
Make it so that the pay - for - download video is of a higher quality than what you can see online .
That would make it more monetarily viable to implement , " suggests one user on YouTube 's blog .
One big presence on YouTube that might benefit from downloads is the music industry , who already receive a share of ad - revenue but have lately been looking for more cash .
Warner Music in particular has been hoping to bank more from YouTube streams .
It requested that YouTube remove its videos in December and many others were also muted by Google in January .
Paid downloads ( if done right ) could be part of the answer , but all four major record labels have reportedly been plotting their own premium section of YouTube or stand - alone Hulu - style music video service .
Bart : Look at me , I ’m a grad student .
I ’m 30 years old and I made $ 600 last year .
Marge : Bart , do n’t make fun of grad students .
They just made a terrible life choice .
Disdain for graduate students strikes me as a uniquely American phenomenon .
In Germany , and I suspect many other nations , it is not at all uncommon or disparaged for those who choose to go to university to continue their schooling into their late 20s or early 30s .
But any American plugging along in academia at that ripe age is looked at like a leper at a cuddle party .
There are exceptions : doctors are generally appreciated until the medical bill arrives and lawyers are tolerated as a necessary evil .
But those seeking an advanced degree that does not in itself qualify one for some specific trade are dabblers , dawdling with minutiae that will never escape the shade of the ivory tower .
I will not deny that I share this bias to a certain extent .
When I am outed as a graduate student , I ’m quick to mention that I am fully , gainfully employed and shift the subject to the weather or “ them Bears ” .
It ’s not that I ’m ashamed of being in graduate school or dislike what I do ; despite Marge Simpson ’s assertion , it ’s actually been one of the better life choices I ’ve made .
It ’s more the fact that there are plenty of graduate students who are there to prolong the aresponsible life or put off the workaday routine for another year or six .
I simply have no desire or energy to distinguish myself from that flavor of student , so I avoid the topic altogether .
Excised .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
( Newser ) – De Beers has temporarily shut down its diamond mines in Botswana due to low demand for the precious stones , the Telegraph reports .
The firm ’s Botswana mines account for half of De Beers ’ output , and about a fifth of diamond production worldwide .
De Beers was not able to sell a single diamond from Botswana in November and sold only very few in the two months after .
Of the four mines operated by Debswana , a joint venture between De Beers and the Botswana government , two will suspend work through the year .
Two others , including Jwaneng , the world ’s most - valuable diamond mine , could continue production in mid-April .
De Beers noted that the last time it had suspended operations completely at any mine was during the Great Depression .
( Read more diamond stories . )
ローヤルゼリーで女性ホルモンのバランスを整えられる？
特に理由はないのにイライラする、気分が落ち込むなどの症状が続いている方は、女性ホルモンバランスが乱れているのかも知れません。これらの状態は日常生活の質を低下させるばかりか、周りにもなかなか理解してもらえません。そのためストレスから悪循環へと陥ってしまう可能性があります。
ローヤルゼリーには豊富な栄養素が含まれ、ホルモンバランスを正常に整えてくれます。まずは女性ホルモンとは何なのか、なぜ乱れてしまうのか、その原因をみていきましょう。
女性ホルモンとは ？
女性ホルモンとは、女性の身体の機能をコントロールする、ふたつのホルモンを指しています。お互いに一定の周期で分泌され、生理周期を整えたり、妊娠可能な身体を作る働きがあります。また、心や身体の状態を正常に保つのも、女性ホルモンの重要な役割です。
エストロゲ ン
生理終了後から排卵期にかけて分泌量が増えるホルモンです。綺麗な肌や髪を保ったり、胸の膨らみや丸みを帯びたボディラインを作ったりと、女性らしい身体に成長させる働きを持っています。
プロゲステロ ン
排卵してから次の生理がくるまでの間、分泌量が増加します。妊娠内膜を整えて受精しやすくしたり、妊娠後は赤ちゃんが育ちやすい子宮環境を作る働きを持っています。そのため、妊娠のホルモンと呼ばれています。
女性ホルモンのバランスが乱れる原因とは
女性ホルモンが分泌される仕組みは、まず脳の視庄下部から下垂体に対して、性腺刺激ホルモンの分泌を促すように指令が出されます。この性腺刺激ホルモンが卵巣を刺激して、女性ホルモンが分泌されます。
この仕組みからわかるように、女性ホルモンが分泌されるには視庄下部からの指令が必要です。そのため、指令が正常に出されなければいけないのですが、視庄下部の周囲には自律神経を司る器官も存在しています。つまり、ストレスや睡眠不足、不規則な生活習慣などの影響で自律神経が乱れると、視庄下部の指令が狂ってしまい、女性ホルモンのバランスにも乱れが生じてしまうのです。
他にも、卵巣機能が衰えてくる更年期の時期には、エストロゲンの分泌量が急激に減少します。すると相対的にプロゲステロンの量が増えるため、ホルモンバランスを乱れさせてしまうのです。
女性ホルモンのバランスが乱れると？
エストロゲンとプロゲステロンは、ほんの僅かバランスが崩れるだけでも身体や精神に様々な影響を及ぼします。
一番あらわれやすいのは、生理サイクルの乱れや月経が止まるなどの、生理の異常です。他には、肌が乾燥したりニキビができるなど、肌荒れの症状も起きてきます。また、イライラしたり涙もろくなるなど、精神的に不安定な状態になるのも珍しくありません。
ローヤルゼリーが女性ホルモンのバランスを整える効果とは
私たちの体内では様々なホルモンが作られ、身体の機能を保つために働いています。全てのホルモンの生成は食品から摂取した栄養素が原料となり、また、機能を正常に維持するのも栄養素の役割です。もちろん女性ホルモンも例外ではなく、生成や機能維持には多くの栄養素が関わっています。女性ホルモンを正常に機能させる栄養素は不足しがちなものも少なくありませんが、ローヤルゼリーには栄養素がバランスよく含まれ、女性ホルモンのバランスを効率よく整えてくれます。
豊富な栄養素がホルモンバランスを改善
ローヤルゼリーには他の食品には含まれていない成分「デセン酸」が含まれ、女性ホルモンと同じような働きをしてくれます。デセン酸は脂質の一種ですが、体内に入るとエストロゲン受容体と結合して、減少したエストロゲンの代わりとなる物質に変化します。この働きで生理や加齢によるホルモンバランスの乱れを整え、心身の機能や肌の状態を正常に戻してくれるのです。
ビタミ ンB群の一つ 「ビタミンB6」はエストロゲンの代謝に関わり、女性ホルモンのバランスを整えてくれる働きがあります。この作用によって、生理前のイライラや倦怠感、腰痛などの症状を和らげてくれます。
これらの症状は自律神経の乱れが大きく影響して引き起こされます。そのため、不安感や緊張などをうまく制御できなくなり、心や身体の機能を正常に保てなくなってしまうのです。ビタミンB6は神経伝達物質の一つ、セロトニンの生成を促す働きがあります。セロトニンは幸せホルモンとも呼ばれ、しっかり分泌されていると気持ちを安定させてくれる物質です。
ローヤルゼリーには必須アミノ酸の一つ「トリプトファン」も含まれ、ビタミンB1とともにセロトニンの生成を促します。これらの成分が自律神経の乱れを整えてくれるので、ホルモンバランスの乱れが引き起こす不調の緩和に役立ちます。
ビタミンB6は生理時に不足しやいとされています。また、つわりなどの症状をおさえるため、女性は是非摂取したいビタミンの一つです。
ローヤルゼリーはバランスのよい栄養食品
女性ホルモンは様々な栄養素が関わり、機能やバランスを保っています。今回紹介した栄養素以外にも、ホルモンを合成する豊富なタンパク質・糖質・脂質、その働きを助けるビタミンやミネラルなどをバランスよく摂取するのが重要です。ローヤルゼリーにはこれらの栄養素が40種類以上含まれ、それぞれの働きを補いながらホルモンバランスを整えてくれます。
ホルモンバランスの乱れによる不調は、周囲にはなかなか理解してもらえないものです。栄養バランスの優れたローヤルゼリーを取り入れ、心身ともに健康な日常を取り戻していきましょう。
参考
ローヤルゼリーでホルモンバランスを整えられる？
http://www.town-waki.jp/horumonnbaransu.html
ローヤルゼリーと女性ホルモンの関係
http://www.iisfingerprint.com/jyoseihorumonn.html
ローヤルゼリーとエストロゲンの関係性は
https://www.herpvetconnection.com/oregon.shtml
ローヤルゼリーで女性ホルモンを整える
https://www.ghanapostgh.com/female-hormone.html
Federal probe of Alabama attorney general no shock to bloggers Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday March 12 , 2009
Print This Email This
When it was revealed on Monday that Alabama Attorney General Troy King is under federal investigation , his chief of staff , Chris Bence , described King as " shocked . "
" This is pretty much quite a shock , " Bench stated .
" We are not aware that a grand jury of any kind was looking at anyone in our office . "
The well - connected King is a former legal adviser to Alabama Governor Bob Riley , who appointed him to his current position in 2004 .
Until rumors about his personal life began circulating last summer , it had been widely expected that King himself would run for governor in 2010 .
However , the most shocking thing about the investigation of King for bloggers who keep a close watch on the Alabama political scene may have been " that it took so long for someone to get around to investigating him . "
Allegations of a political vendetta According to the Birmingham News , at least six former employees of King 's office were called before a federal grand jury in Montgomery last week and asked about " issues related to gambling , " as well as the possibility that King might have used his office to investigate particular individuals on behalf of his political allies .
Sources familiar with the case told the News that the prosecutors appeared particularly interested in King 's investigation of former Tuscaloosa City Councilman Jerry Plott .
Plott has claimed that King began a vendetta against him after he opposed using public money to help a King ally , Tuscaloosa businessman Stan Pate , build a shopping center .
Pate has denied asking King for any favors , claiming that he merely took evidence of what he believed to be corruption on the part of Plott and others to US Attorney Alice Martin , who referred him to the attorney general 's office .
However , a lengthy article which appeared at the Lagniappe Mobile Blog in 2007 suggests that Pate is far more deeply implicated that he has admitted .
That article no longer appears to be available at its original source , but it can still be found at the Internet Archive .
According to writers Kevin Lee and Rob Holbert :
" Luther Stancel ' Stan ' Pate IV is a businessman renowned in the Tuscaloosa suburb of Northport for his excitability and successful business acumen .
Like other wealthy developers , he took a keen interest in politics and felt a ' hands on ' approach best suited his needs and sometimes raised a few eyebrows .
Pate held press conferences replete with thousands in cash as props to promote gambling initiatives .
He was affiliated with an ad campaign to subvert Gov. Riley .
Never hesitant to insert himself in public affairs , Pate even toyed with a candidacy for governor in 2002 . "
When Tuscaloosa Council President Jerry Plott and Councilman Kip
Tyner refused in 2005 to appropriate $ 16 million in public funds for Pate 's proposed shopping center , Pate launched a campaign to discredit both men .
He filed ethics charges against them and even set up a website which asked readers to submit accounts of corruption on Plott 's part .
" He never could get the ethics commission to give me any trouble .
So then he decided to take it to his friend Troy King in the AGs office , " Plott told the Lagniappe Mobile reporters .
" All of a sudden , Id get inquiries from investigators from the AGs office . "
Plott wrote to King 's office on June 28 , 2005 , saying , " Your office also recently investigated a complaint against me filed by Mr. Pate .
I am concerned that Mr. Pate is attempting to use the Attorney Generals office , as he has used the Ethics Commission , to continue his personal vendetta against several members of the Tuscaloosa City Council . "
Plott eventually decided to stop serving on the City Council , a decision which he bitterly blames on Pate 's harrassment .
King 's investigation of Tyner apparently ceased following Plott 's letter , but it resumed after King had won re-election in 2006 , in a campaign to which Pate and the numerous state PACs with which he is connected contributed generously .
Suspected ethical violations pile up By 2007 , Alabama bloggers were starting to compile long lists of ethical questions concerning King .
One blog , the Daily Dixie , even had an entire webpage devoted to them , titled Troy King 's Greatest Hits -- a page which is now available only through the Internet Archive .
The charges included King 's alleged use of his office both to attack his Democratic opponent in the 2006 election and to get back at a district attorney who had supported his opponent , his vendetta against a judge whose ruling on gambling machines he disliked , and his failure to report a gift of luxury box seats from Alabama Power .
However , none of the allegations appeared to attract official interest .
Last July , however , even more scandalous rumors began circulating , claiming that the religiously conservative and overtly homophobic King had been caught by his wife in bed with a male aide .
These rumors were fueled in part by a Birmingham News article , headed " AG King boosts top aides salaries , " which reported :
" Not receiving raises has not been a problem for another King employee  24 - year - old John W. Godwin .
Godwin started working in the attorneys general office as an unpaid intern last summer , when he was a senior at Troy University .
Shortly after arriv­ing in Kings office , Godwin was put on the payroll at $ 10 an hour .
Over the next nine months , Godwin rapidly ascended the ladder .
In July 2007 , King ap­pointed him as a special ad­ministrative assistant earning $ 39,456 a year .
He completed his degree in broadcast jour­nalism in December , and on March 27 was named to his current title of executive assistant , a job paying $ 57,504 annually , according to state records .
' J.W. is an exceptional young man who is the chief aide to the attorney general and who is almost indispensable in terms of the many functions he carries out in this office , ' [ King spokesman Chris ] Bence said . "
For the next several days , rumors of King 's impending resignation flew around the Internet .
King refused to comment on the story either way and the rumors gradually died down .
However , they were reignited in October , when reports that King was preparing to run for re-election as attorney general in 2010 -- rather than for governor , as had been anticipated -- raised suspicions that his political prospects had been been damaged by the scandal .
Why is King being investigated now ?
As news of the federal investigation spread , theories about possible political motivations proliferated .
One fact which has attracted notice is that the US Attorney investigating King is Alice Martin , a Bush appointee who was the first US Attorney to bring federal charges against former Alabama Governor Don Siegelman .
Martin has expressed hopes of being kept on by the Obama administration , and a diarist at Daily Kos thought it possible that the investigation of King might be a bid for Democratic approval .
However , it 's also conceivable that this could be Governor Riley 's way of throwing King under the bus .
When King was first appointed as attorney general in 2004 , Alabama political columnist Steve Flowers suggested , " Most observers of the Governor 's office and those who have dealt with the Governor come away feeling that Rob and Minda Riley are the powers behind the throne .
The consensus is that these two Riley offspring make most of the calls and are the ones that Riley looks to for major decisions .
A case in point is the recent appointment of young Troy King as Attorney General .
Rob and Minda are said to be responsible for the choice of King . "
One blogger who reported the rumor of a King homosexual affair last summer even wondered if Riley himself might have initiated the scandal , writing , " Some point the finger at Alabama Governor Bob Riley for starting the rumor .
This makes sense seeing as Troy King is a potential gubernatorial candidate . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
For months , we have been bookmarking interesting , useful and creative Adobe Photoshop tutorials and Resources , so you can now rest assured that you will have the necessary tools to get the job done .
Due to this phenomenally vast amount of textures , brushes , patterns available , you can now add dirt , rust , floral effect , swirls , mold , oil stains in your artworks and photos to give them an aged , damaged , dreamy or any look you want .
So in today ’s post , you ’ll find an assortment of top - notch tutorials , brushes , patterns , textures , actions and .
PSD downloadable files that others have freely contributed to the design community for making your next photoshop effect .
Do n’t forget to subscribe to Noupe ’s RSS - Feed and visit my Twitter page : nourayehia if you want to keep track of our next post .
Photoshop Tutorials
40 Photoshop techniques and effects to help you add a splash of macabre to your work .
With the help of these 30 tutorials you can create high - end digital artworks and effects to rival any Photoshop legend .
In this collection , you ’ll find 25 excellent Photoshop tutorials geared towards web designers .
You ’ll find a variety of tutorials that include creating full web page templates , navigation menus , headers , and content boxes .
In this collection , you ’ll find 25 excellent Photoshop tutorials geared towards web designers .
You ’ll find a variety of tutorials that include creating full web page templates , navigation menus , headers , and content boxes .
Photoshop Lady spent the whole year of 2008 searching for the best photoshop tutorials for you and came up with 100 Most Popular Photoshop Tutorials of 2008 .
Some of the most entertaining and practical Photoshop creations and manipulations deal with the sky and space .
Some of the best Photoshop Tutorials created in 2008 .
Here is a look at some of the best tutorials for using various lighting and abstract effects .
You ’ll find an assortment of top - notch tutorials that deal with applying post - production techniques and effects , color correction , enhancement and photo retouching .
35 high - quality vintage and retro Adobe Photoshop tutorials that may help your design .
Some of the nicest Photoshop tutorial that guides you , step by step , building up a web interface all the way from scratch .
– 100 Photoshop Tutorials for Creating Beautiful Art
Learn how to soak your text in bubbles , splatter it with blood , turn it to glass , then to ice , melt it into water , grow it into grass , cut it from metal and riddle it with bullets .
These 50 incredible Photoshop effects will create text that explodes from the page ( or the screen ) .
All of the Best Photoshop Tutorials Around the World saved in One Place .
Created by Fabio Sasso , where he shows us some neat tricks and techniques while playing with photoshop .
Textures
Jasen Robillard has selected 36 great textures on Flickr , all with Creative Commons licenses and created a reference mosaic with the chosen textures .
If you ’re interested in creating your own patterns in Photoshop here is a compilation of some great resources that have great tutorials on them .
Photoshop Patterns
13 . Most popular Photoshop Patterns on DeviantArt
In this list , you can find patterns of fire , Christmas , floral , Saint Valentine , stone … and many more .
They are 50 free Photoshop pattern sets
On this page you will find a nice roundup of free Photoshop pattern sites .
Click through to these sites and download some of those free patterns .
– 18 Excellent Sources for Free Photoshop Patterns
Using this collection of links you should be able to find the perfect background to fill the void in your design !
Photoshop Brushes
–GIMP Brushes from Noupe.com
A great collection of Photoshop brushes by Paulw .
A collection of the best brushes for creating space scenes .
This includes brushes for stars , planets , moon , galaxies , nebulae , and more .
This is a collection of oriental Photoshop brushes & vector images for more mysterious designs .
The collection includes Chinese dragons , Japanese , Chinese & Arabic texts , people , houses , mosques & various figures .
This post is a showcase of some of the best sets of brushes available anywhere for creating textures .
There is no shortage of high quality ( and free ) brushes in this style .
Here are some of the better sets .
There is no shortage of high quality ( and free ) brushes in this style .
Here are some of the better sets .
– 75 Insane High Res Photoshop Brushes
75 insane high resolution Photoshop brushes that will be perfect for any project you may happen to be working on .
Here you ’ll find a collection of quality brushes that every designer should find handy .
A list of 14 high quality abstract brushes from various designers .
Photoshop .
PSD Files
50 high quality Photoshop .
PSD files to offer an assortment of techniques for making your next photoshop effect .
Here is a list of 25 amazing looking Photoshop psd files free to download and use in you work .
– Photoshop PSD Files
– Free Photoshop PSD Files for Web Design ( badges , stickers , cubes , pushpins … )
Nice and free Photoshop collection of PSD files for web design work in one package .
In the package has many web 2.0 style PSD files for web design such as badges , bubbles , cubes , smokes , pushpins , post it note , photo frame , date and more …
PsGalaxy.com is a free photoshop website , a place where you can find the best photoshop freebies ie : photoshop brushes , psd files , photoshop gradients photoshop patterns , photoshop actions , costume shapes .
Photoshop Cheat Sheets
27 Adobe Photoshop Cheat Sheets and Quick Reference Cards for Adobe Photoshop CS4 , CS3 , CS2 and Below
One of Photoshop ’s strengths is that it makes extensive use of keyboard shortcuts ; but , there are so many that it ’s difficult to remember them all .
Here is “ cheat sheet ” that ’s organized by menu , as well as alphabetically by key .
Photoshop Actions
A handful set of great ( and free ) downloadable PS Actions in this article and you will also find a nice tutorial on creating your own Actions .
Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms .
James Madison
Sarah Palin Prank Phone Call VIDEO
The Canadian radio duo ofandhave struck again .
The comedic team from CKOI - FM Montreal phoned , announcing an incoming phone call from French President .
Unfortunately , Palin 's assistant Becksy fell for the ruse hook , line and sinker and put the Republican V.P. candidate on the phone .
The video that is now being played around the world covers politics , a discussion of hunting with a mention of Dick Cheney , references to Carla Bruni and Joe the Plumber .
The call ended rather abruptly when Palin learned that she had been duped .
She is not the first to fall of the antics of the duo .
The Masked Avengers aka Les Justiciers Masques , have previously hoodwinked Bono , Mick Jagger , Bill Gates , Jacques Chirac , Britney Spears and Formula One racer Jacques Villeneuve .
Check out the prank video below .
Sir Allen is a US businessman and a cricket promoter Texan billionaire and cricket promoter Sir Allen Stanford has been charged over a $ 8 bn ( £ 5.6 bn ) investment fraud , US financial regulators say .
The Securities and Exchange Commission said the financier had orchestrated " a fraudulent , multi- billion dollar investment scheme " .
The SEC said the fraud was " based on false promises and fabricated historical return data " .
English cricket bosses have pulled out of sponsorship talks with Sir Allen .
The charges against Sir Allen , three of his companies and two executives of those companies followed a raid by US marshals on the Houston , Texas , offices of Stanford Financial Group .
We are alleging a fraud of shocking magnitude that has spread its tentacles throughout the world
Rose Romero , SEC A US judge has frozen the assets of Sir Allen and the other defendants as well as those of the Stanford Group , its Antigua - based subsidiary Stanford International Bank ( SIB ) and another subsidiary , investment advisor Stanford Capital Management .
A receiver has been appointed to " preserve assets for investors " , the SEC said .
' Close circle ' Sir Allen last year promoted the Stanford cricket series which saw a West Indian all - star team - the Stanford Superstars - beat an England team for a $ 20 m prize .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The ECB has a five - year deal to play games against the Stanford Superstars .
The SEC said that the Stanford International Bank - the largest in the Caribbean - sold approximately $ 8bn worth of certificates of deposit to investors , promising " improbable and unsubstantiated high interest rates " .
The bank was " operated by a close circle of Stanford 's family and friends " , the SEC said in a statement .
" We are alleging a fraud of shocking magnitude that has spread its tentacles throughout the world , " said Rose Romero of the SEC .
The SEC began investigating Stanford Group last year and intensified their probe following the arrest of US financier Bernard Madoff in December over an alleged $ 50 bn ( £ 35 bn ) investment fraud .
In the wake of that scandal , SIB falsely told its investors it had no exposure to the funds involved in the alleged Madoff fraud .
The Stanford Group lists its worth as more than $ 40 bn .
Antigua and Barbuda granted Sir Allen citizenship about 10 years ago and knighted him in 2006 .
Forbes magazine lists him as the world 's 605th richest man , with assets of $ 2.2bn .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Males across seed beetle species have wildly divergent sexual parts that feature spikes , hooks , and barbs .
A new study finds that the longest and spiniest beetle organs are most successful in reproducing .
0:36 Intro .
History , how financial system got into the mess it 's been in .
Wall Street .
Characterized as free markets failed , but we do n't have a free financial market , very regulated .
Government encouragement to invest in houses rather than stocks and bonds .
People investing without reading the fine print ; promises of gold mines should be looked at carefully .
Borrowing that should n't have happened .
How so many people made so many mistakes ; feedback loops , some broken by government intervention , some broke normally ; in this case things went not just badly but disastrously .
All for people being able to make stupid decisions and government not bailing them out .
Call for regulation .
A lot of blame going around .
Look hard at each link in the chain , hard to blame people other than those carelessly putting their money at risk .
If somebody offers you -- you do n't have a job or downpayment , if value of house goes up you get to keep it but if it goes down you lose nothing , foolish not to take it .
How about the mortgage issuers ?
People buying those mortgages were n't looking hard at it .
Promises of return without risk .
Hard to blame the intermediaries .
People bought these mortgages because they were triple - A rated .
Not stupid people buying junk , innovative , creative aspect that appeared to insulate buyers from risk .
But they were wrong .
Why ?
Mortgage - backed security was a wonderful idea , share risks around the world .
Hedge funds in Germany buy Kansas mortgage , take small risks .
What does a rating mean ?
If you are promised 5 % more than Treasuries and not take any risk , you are asking some agency to come give you a gold mine .
Some risk , your job to look .
Expect rating agency to read carefully but they can't explain risk .
Greedy and stupid people who bought .
Even AAA rating does n't mean no risk .
9:01 Competition in rating agencies would help a lot .
Some problems were devised as ways to get around silly regulations as opposed to sharing risk around the world optimally .
Example : institutions are regulated , can only hold AAA - rated securities .
Safe portfolio : take diversified portfolio and make them safe .
Each security does n't need to be AAA individually .
People had an incentive to get things branded as AAA .
Junk debt , 1980s , really stock .
No economic reason to hold only triple - A stuff .
Surprise : banks were holding back equity tranches : take a bunch of mortgages , put them in a pool , have agreement that when they start losing money , equity tranche is first to lose .
Banks kept riskiest parts , so were writing insurance instead of borrowing and lending .
If you hold the first tranche , the toxic tranche -- usually banks borrow from depositors and lend it out for houses .
All that is left with the bank is the little bit that is risky , saying to the people who bought the less risky part that they are taking the risk .
Banks do a lot of explicit writing insurance , credit guarantees .
Normally when banks borrow and lend they take the risk that something will go wrong , treated in a regulatory way more harshly than writing insurance ; did the writing insurance part to get around a lot of regulation .
13:45 Many different financial institutions : standalone hedge funds , hedge funds within banks , brick and mortar FDIC guarantee - deposit banks .
The big commercial banks in trouble now turned out to be ones that had a lot more mortgage risk than anybody thought .
Banks were to sell the risks off as mortgage - backed securities ; but through the tranching system them ended up with more risk .
Typical neighborhood bank is doing fine , but get rid of the whole thing or keep it on their books and keep servicing it .
Subprime originators , like Countrywide -- pure intermediary .
What did it have at risk ?
Was keeping some of the risk .
Really stretching this business , in some cases actually fraudulent .
Sometimes originators covering more than the cost of the house -- closing costs .
Only earn extra return for taking on some form of systematic risk .
17:45 Deleveraging .
When a sector of the economy goes bad , people who invested in it lose money .
Could have a bad quarter , a bad year -- but this time , out of business .
Why did such a small sector have such a destructive effect ?
Why did n't Bear Stearns and Merrill Lynch just have a bad year ?
They had borrowed a lot of money .
If you borrow to make investments , then a little bit of loss can mean you can't repay your debt .
Why did people lend these institutions money on an ongoing basis ?
Very active , very , very short - term market .
Investment banks are not regulated banks , could do what they wanted .
Borrowed every night .
Every day had to borrow money to pay off the old money .
Everybody wants the illusion of not taking risk because he can sell on the way down .
Fallacy of finance : can't put in a stop loss order and not have risk .
People lending to them thought they are just lending overnight , so they could just refuse to renew the loan if they get any trouble .
Recipe for disaster .
Leads to a run .
That 's what happened to Bear Stearns .
You 'd say , okay , we never said it was perfect , make a mistake , this part of the financial world made a set of bets that was riskier than it appeared .
Cascade : financial market , overnight market , credit default market stopped almost entirely .
Why ?
Banks trundling along .
A lot of the credit markets are not working .
Version 1.0 of the software had a bug in it .
Example : Municipal bond markets -- tax free , so they usually pay lower than Treasuries .
Now paying more than Treasuries .
People are afraid they are going to default , but interest rates too high for that .
University of Chicago just sold municipal bonds at 6 % , implies over 20 years , 50 % probability of default .
Sign of market where people are either very afraid or market is n't working well .
Most municipal bonds are held by funds , which require that they be insured by an insurance company with AAA credit rating .
Insurance companies got downgraded to AA , so funds had to get rid of municipal bonds , dumping them on the market ; investors who were used to buying funds now have to buy them individually , which is a very difficult thing to do .
Hard to get a good price .
Quirky detail in the structure , hard to float bonds .
26:23 Municipalities will struggle , rolling over debt hard .
Commercial paper market frozen .
Hard to match receipts to outflow , costs up front , revenue comes later ; businesses borrow to make that match .
Point of commercial paper market is that it lets companies smooth things without having to go to banks .
You have to pay your workers on Friday but cash does n't come in till next Wednesday , short term loan .
In the fall , the commercial paper banks were issuing froze -- no such thing as " froze " for economists , just supply , demand , and a price .
But investors worried that banks would go under and demanded a price that banks were n't willing to pay because banks knew they could always borrow from the Fed .
So banks stopped trying to borrow from the commercial paper market , high interest rates .
Rest of commercial paper market : Big non-financial companies having a field day .
The money is there and is being lent at low rates .
Kraft Food .
People with a little less credit rating face very high interest rates .
People with money to lend are very averse to holding any risk .
Lending has n't stopped -- they 've made a distinction .
Auction securities , etc .
So , if companies that are not in the financial sector are still able to borrow , maybe okay , we should n't have a depression , but we hear that the entire financial system is in disarray .
There is really disarray but it 's not really in the banks .
" We do n't lend to hold , we lend to sell . "
Loans may get made by a bank but it 's packaged and sold .
That 's not working now , real problem .
When Paulson was worried about what to do with the $ 7 billion , worried about car loans , etc. Munger on middlemen podcast .
These loans could n't be bundled .
Why are we worried ?
Got into this mess by borrowing , so is n't it a good thing if there 's less ?
Why encourage more ?
The fact that lending has gone down is not necessarily a sign of problems .
Savings will increase , prudence .
Suppose gas sales are down .
Might be we are in a recession and people just do n't want to buy as much gas .
Does n't mean anything is wrong with the oil industry .
So we would expect loans to be down now anyway .
Gas sales might be down because supplies got tighter .
Worry is : suppose some of the refineries blew up .
Middlemen system in credit markets has blown up .
Hard to turn oil into gasoline right now .
Maybe everybody 's massively risk averse but hard to see why it should be so off the charts .
Warren Buffett :
When everyone is greedy , be fearful ; when everyone is fearful , be greedy .
Are people not buying corporate bonds because they do n't want to take the risk or because the way they are used to doing it through a fund is n't there ?
Hard to tease out , some of both .
Hopeful signs : system of intermediaries is rebuilding , but lots of stuff is having a government guarantee slapped on it .
Hedge funds are being started .
Good pools of mortgages , student debt , etc. Building new refineries .
Government could nationalize the credit system for a generation .
Finding it fun to be in .
37:15 What is role of mark - to - market accounting ?
In principle the idea : you 're a business and you have some assets and some loans you have to pay back .
What are your assets worth ?
Mark to market :
When there is a market price , we should write the value of your assets at that price rather than its historical cost or a made - up number .
Seems sensible .
Alternative is accountants wave some dead chickens and come up with a number .
If price of assets falls , you have to tell the world .
Close the company down .
Schizophrenic : half the time tell us it 's mark - to - market accounting that 's the problem and other half tell us banks have all these assets on the books that they do n't know how to value and are secretly worth less than their accountants are telling us .
Either it 's marked to market and the assets are n't worth anything , or there are assets that would be worth less if they were marked to market .
Ca n't have it both ways .
Is n't it true that marking on your books at market rate , if I 'm a bank holding a bunch of these equity tranches ; we know they are worth less than I paid for them because of the default rate ; not sure how much they are worth either because they are worthless or there is a lot of anxiety , which may be the same .
Bank now has to write down its assets so is not satisfying its capital requirements , forced to sell off assets to make their balance sheet healthier ; spiral occurs .
A lot wrong with that story .
If you think that 's the problem , you do n't have to change the books .
You can change what you do with the piece of information .
If you think the market is sending the wrong signal , do n't have to close the bank down .
Bank appears on paper to be in distress .
The anti-mark - to - market people say it's not really in distress , worry about toxic assets , we should not force them to mark to market and they'd be healthier .
You do n't have to cook the books .
Just change the capital requirements .
Suppose you lent me money and I was paying you back regularly $ 100 per month .
Economy goes bad , worried I might lose my job .
To sell this asset , you 'd get a lower price for it ; expected flow of $ 100 is not going to be $ 100 .
But I 'm still paying you , so you are not in immediate trouble .
Value of loan on open market has fallen , but no reason to close you down .
Should we write a new set of books that says my loan is good because I 'm still paying you ?
No .
We want the information that this bank is holding loans that are questionable .
Should we close you down today as a result ?
Maybe we should n't .
Need to think about chance of experiencing problem in the future , maybe need to set aside a little more capital as a result .
Deleveraging : banks can and do issue capital all the time .
When they write down the value of loans they can sell new equity .
Look at the numbers and they do .
Banks can also fail .
Bedford Falls , NY .
When a bank fails , the people , the computers , etc. are back in business with somebody else 's name on it .
WaMu -- the week of the TARP .
Later that very week it was taken over and back in business the next morning .
Investors in the bank fear bank failure , but modern failure means the operations keep going .
Contagion of fear .
47:22 TARP .
Last fall Congress gave $ 700 billion in two steps , toxic asset relief program -- Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Government would buy up the troubled assets to take them off the books .
That lasted a week .
Opposed by various economists .
What would have been better ?
Original TARP idea even loonier .
Not just to buy up assets from banks .
Would n't work .
Holding on books at $ .60 on the dollar and they are only worth $ .30 ; if you buy them at $ .30 you are n't doing anyone a favor because now the bank has to mark them down to market .
Would n't be enough in bank to cover its debt .
If buy them at $.60 , transparent subsidy to bank 's shareholders .
Told that even if we bought them at $.60 , taxpayers might make money because they could go back to $ 1.00 .
Original TARP , idea was that the government would buy not just from banks but from the open market from anyone who wanted to sell them ; supposedly by buying up just a few hundred million of them you would increase the liquidity and it would somehow help all of these things .
Argument was that prices were artificially low .
Demand curve was nearly vertical , stir lake a little bit .
Ca n't make $ 13 trillion worth more by buying up a little of it .
Realized that was n't going to work .
Buying stuff from particular banks was a transparent subsidy .
Instead bought stock in a bunch of banks to " recapitalize " them .
Argument for it was taxpayer needs to get something in return .
Banks have lost money , so now they do n't have as much capital as they used to have .
Can just issue more stock and get more capital .
Idea was government would give the banks this stock and everything would be hunky dory .
They got the capital , though , and they still do n't want to make loans .
Ca n't sell them ; and making shaky loans is a bad idea .
Problem was not that they had a constraint of capital .
Gas in the tanks , but no electricity in the pumps .
Claim was that the government would give them electricity ; discovered that there was some other reason gas was n't selling .
55:52 What would have been more effective ?
Problem we have now is that people are scared .
Lack of confidence in the future , innovation is slowing , risk - taking is slowing .
We do n't have a model for creating confidence .
More than confidence : supply and demand and the things that make them go together .
One reason people are scared is they do n't know what huge program will come down the line .
In one auto bailout loan , government wipe out all the loans of the senior creditors .
How can bank every do anything again ?
Citibank more trouble , British banks .
Bad banks eventually have to get closed down , but with government as a stock holder that wo n't happen .
Bank of America got TARP injection .
Merrill Lynch .
Hard for Bank of America to borrow more .
Why ?
All about what the government 's going to do with it , not about the business operations .
We overly fear bank failure .
Economic equivalence of bankruptcy is not so terrible .
Risk - free haven : savings and checking accounts .
If you invest in a bank we expect you to keep an eye on it .
Do n't want to live in a world where people who buy bonds and stocks should n't have to worry about their risk .
We do n't want the ATM machines to fail for a week .
Economic equivalent of letting them go .
( CNN ) -- Venezuela announced Wednesday it is breaking diplomatic relations with Israel over the conflict in Gaza , joining Bolivia , which did the same thing earlier in the day .
Bolivian President Evo Morales announces Wednesday that he is severing diplomatic ties with Israel .
In the announcement issued by the Venezuelan Foreign Ministry , the government cited " the gravity of the atrocities against the Palestinian people . "
The statement accused the Israelis of having " ignored , systematically , calls from the United Nations , violating in a repeated and shameless manner the resolutions approved by the overwhelming majority of their members and placing themselves ever more on the margin of international law . "
It described " 19 days of continuous bombardment , the assassination of more than 1,000 people and the destruction of the infrastructure of the population of Gaza , " calling it " a human catastrophe that is unraveling before the eyes of the entire world . "
It further accused Israel of participating in " state terrorism " against " the most weak and innocent human beings : children , women and the aged . "
The statement called for Israeli leaders be tried before an international court for crimes against humanity .
The move is a ratcheting up of tensions between the two countries that have simmered since January 6 , when Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez expelled the Israeli ambassador from Caracas .
Venezuela 's announcement came hours after Bolivian President Evo Morales announced that Bolivia was breaking diplomatic relations with Israel and urged that Israeli President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Ehud Olmert be declared war criminals .
More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed and nearly 5,000 wounded in the Israeli military operation , which started December 27 , Palestinian officials said Wednesday .
Israel said Wednesday that 10 of its soldiers and three civilians have been killed and more than 100 soldiers have been wounded .
Israel , which did not immediately respond to the diplomatic moves , has defended its actions in Gaza as a response to years of shelling into its territory from Hamas .
Gloria Carrasco contributed to this report .
All About Bolivia • Israel • Gaza • Hugo Chavez
The following quote is from Adobe 's CEO Shantanu Narayan , regarding Flash on the iPhone .
It ’s a hard technical challenge , and that ’s part of the reason Apple and Adobe are collaborating [...]
The ball is in our court .
The onus is on us to deliver .
What on Earth can this mean ?
Apple has repeatedly poured scorn on Flash , calling it too slow and inefficient for the iPhone and even saying that it does n't work well on desktop machines .
Adobe , for its part , keeps yapping away and snapping at the iPhone 's heels like a faithful , over enthusiastic doggy .
Back in September last year , Adobe 's Paul Petiem said that the company was already working on Flash for the iPhone .
We know that Apple , and Steve Jobs in particular , has a history of denying new products and then shipping them soon after , so we 'll leave aside the speculation and look at some facts .
First , does the iPhone need Flash ?
YouTube , which is Flash - based on the web , recoded all of its video in the h.264 codec to run on the iPhone .
The Safari Web browser even shows a still preview of any YouTube video embedded in the page .
The seamless result works great , and is Flash - free .
The other major use of Flash ( other than terrible , annoying websites which should frankly be banned ) is in interactive web services like Flickr slideshows or " cloud " photo editing applications .
A fair point , until you realize that the tiny iPhone screen is n't great for any kind of editing , photos or words .
If a company has to recode a site to fit into the iPhone 's screen , why not do it in as lightweight a way possible and skip Flash altogether .
This is what Flickr has actually done .
And possibly even more important is the drain on resources .
Last night , the Lady 's MacBook was screaming like a leaf - blower after thirty seconds of YouTube video .
This is n't an old machine either – it is just over a year old and is stuffed with RAM .
If Flash can drain her battery like an Englishman can drain a pint of lager , surely an iPhone version would be even harder on the tiny battery .
Last , for Flash to behave as it does on the " desktop web " , it would need to work as a plugin for Mobile Safari .
As of this writing , this is not allowed .
Apple , of course , can stick whatever it likes inside Safari , but third parties are prohibited .
The Google Maps application for the iPhone was actually written by Apple , not Google as many people think , as Apple likes to control what is going on .
If Flash were implemented , it would come from in - house , not from Adobe .
Which brings us back to that odd quote from Narayan , " Apple and Adobe are collaborating . "
It seems straightforward enough , but is likely to be just bluster and wishful thinking .
In fact , compare it to a statement made by Narayan on the Adobe earnings conference call , all the way back in March last year :
we ’re also committed to bringing the Flash experience to the iPhone and * we ’ll work with Apple .
* [ emphasis added ]
Sound familiar ?
Adobe ’s Narayen Says Flash on IPhone Is a Challenge [ Bloomberg ]
See Also :
Yasmin Alibhai - Brown tells liberty central about the misuse of terrorism legislation and the time she was questioned by plainclothes police
by Brett Stevens on March 30 , 2009
From an email response :
I do n’t think liberty is a particularly desirable goal , because liberty is a negative state ( “ freedom from x , y , z ” ) not a positive , creative , abstract goal .
I think that ’s the critique most are avoiding ; American conservatives love liberty because they intend it to mean , libertarian - style , freedom from parasites ; in actuality , it ’s a poor argument since liberty will soon be extended to those parasites and infrastructure / socialized cost will doom them .
The first step in learning logical argument is to separate what sounds good from what makes the structural changes you need .
Many things sound good .
Hell , Communism sounds best , if you ask me : everyone has what they need , and no class war .
Heck , Consumerism sounds just as good .
Buy whatever you want , be happy , be obligated to nothing but yourself .
A philosopher might say that if you look 300 steps down the line , they ’re the same thing .
But then you have to look at the secondary impacts and consequences of your action , and its impacts 299 other steps down the line .
When you do x today , what will happen when others respond to it ?
How will others re-interpret it in simpler ways , as they do with any philosophy ?
Prozak ’s law of decay : any ideology will be measured by history not by its most articulate and complex statement , but by the simplified form of it passed from one person to another in conversation .
There are lots of things that sound good , until you realize that they do n’t address the actual problem .
Why do n’t people address the actual problem ?
Because that requires real re-ordering , and we do n’t trust each other .
We know irrational people will cause trouble , and that there are liars who will claim to do the right thing and then rip us off .
But that ’s a secondary reason .
The real reason is that it rocks the boat , and that might disrupt what we have already , especially those small greedy pleasures that make our inner monkey glow .
Tags : crowdism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
近年急速にユーザーを増やしているバージョン管理システムに「Git」がある。GitはLinuxカーネルの開発リーダーとしても知られるLinus Torvalds氏らが、Linuxカーネルの開発に使用する目的で開発した分散型バージョン管理システムで、現在ではPerl 5 やRuby on Rails、Android、Wine、X.orgなど、さまざまなプロジェクトで採用されている。
本特集では 、Gitを使用するのに必要な「分散型バージョン管理システム」の基本的な考え方を紹介するとともに、Gitの導入方法やWindows環境での利用方法、Subversionなどほかのバージョン管理システムとの連携など、Gitを活用するためのテクニックを紹介する。
分散バージョン管理システ ムGit入門 2009 年2月6 日
バージョン管理システムと言うとSubversionやCVSが有名だが、近年急速にユーザーを増やしているバージョン管理システムに「Git」がある。本記事では、このGitを使用するのに必要な「分散型バージョン管理システム」の基本的な考え方を紹介するとともに、Gitの導入方法や基本的なGitの使い方について解説する。 ［記事全文］
Windows で のGit環境構築とその注意点 2009 年2月13 日
もともと はLinuxカーネル用のバージョン管理システムとして開発されたこともあって、GitのWindowsサポートは若干遅れている。特に日本語環境で利用する場合は設定などに注意が必要だ。そこで本記事では、Windows環境でGitを利用する方法およびその設定方法、そしてGUIでGitの機能を利用できるツールについても紹介する。 ［記事全文］
Gitを使いこなすための20のコマンド 2009年3月17 日
Linuxカーネル やRuby on Rails 、Perlなど、近年多くの大規模プロジェクトで採用されているバージョン管理システムが「Git」だ。Gitには非常に多数のコマンドが用意されているが、日常的に使用するコマンドは20個程度と言われている。本記事では、Gitを使いこなすために覚えるべき20個のGit基本コマンドを紹介する。 ［記事全文］
The 17 - year - old boy who killed 15 people in a gun rampage in south - west Germany yesterday had warned on an internet chat­room the night before that he would go to his old school and do something big the following day , German authorities said today .
Tim Kretschmer shot nine pupils and three teachers at the Albertville secondary school in Winnenden on Wednesday morning .
He killed another three people before he was shot dead by police .
At a press conference this afternoon , police said Kretschmer had begun having psychiatric sessions last year but stopped attending in September .
One of Kretschmer 's killings was at the mental health clinic he had attended .
Heribert Rech , interior minister of the south - western state of Baden - Württemberg , said Kretschmer went on to an internet chatroom in the early hours of Wednesday where he wrote : " I 've had enough .
I 'm fed up of this pointless life .
Always the same .
Everybody laughs at me .
No one sees my potential .
I 'm serious .
I have weapons and I will go to my old school in the morning and have a proper barbecue .
Maybe I 'll get away .
Listen out .
You will hear about me tomorrow .
Remember the place 's name : Winnenden . "
A 17 - year - old boy from Bavaria was in the chatroom at the time and last night told his father , who reported it to the police .
According to a police spokesman , Klaus Hinderer , analysis of Kretschmer 's computer has shown that the teenager had become an avid player of shoot - em - up video games , particularly one called Counter - Strike , in recent months .
It emerged in German reports today that the headteacher was able to warn teachers with a pre-arranged code over the public address system when Kretschmer burst in , possibly preventing him from killing any more than 12 .
Students said the principal quickly broadcast a coded message to teachers : " Frau Koma is coming . "
" Then our teacher closed the door and said we should close the windows and sit on the floor , " a student , identified only as Kim S , told ZDF television .
In German the word " amoklauf " is used to describe mass shootings , and " koma " is the reverse of the word " amok . "
Germany 's Bild newspaper reported the coded alert was worked out by German educators after a deadly school shooting in Erfurt in 2002 as a way to warn teachers .
An amateur video has emerged showing Kretschmer 's final moments .
The boy , wearing dark clothing , can be seen walking unsteadily between parked cars in front of a car dealership .
Minutes before , Kretschmer had shot a sales assistant and a customer inside .
He left the showroom and was confronted by waiting police marksmen .
Kretschmer can be seen on the video apparently reloading his gun before he slumps to the floor , hit in the leg by a police bullet .
It emerged today that Kretschmer sent a letter to his parents saying he was desperately unhappy and " could n't go on " .
Kretschmer wrote the note three weeks ago and gave it to his mother and father , said Fabienne Böhm , who met Kretschmer recently through a friend .
" He wrote to his parents that he 's suffering and he can't go on , " she told the Associated Press .
As investigators began their first full day of inquiries into the massacre , German media began to release the names of Kretschmer 's victims , but local police refused to confirm the details .
Flags are flying at half - mast across Germany in mourning for the 15 people killed by the 9 mm Beretta pistol police believe he took from his parents ' bedroom .
A shrine of flowers and candles has formed in front of the three - storey school building where Kretschmer killed eight girls , one boy and three female teachers .
Many cards left there paid tribute to those lost .
One , pinned down by a cherub statuette and two single flowers , read simply : " Why ? "
That question , among others , will be foremost in the minds of police as they attempt to establish what could have motivated an apparently normal young man to perpetrate an act of such horror .
Despite 11 of the victims being female , officials remained reticent about the possibility that Kretschmer had deliberately targeted girls , suggesting instead the gender imbalance could have been due to positioning in the classroom .
" I do n't want to speculate too much about this at this point , " said Heribert Rech , the interior minister of Baden - Württemberg .
" The pupils sitting nearest the door were girls . "
Testimonies of friends and acquaintances today portray the table tennis champion as a lonely and frustrated person who felt rejected by society .
A 17 - year - old who gave his name as Aki said he had been studying alongside Kretschmer at a private business school in the region and described him as a quiet and reserved boy who enjoyed playing Counter - Strike , a multi-player game that involves carrying out assassinations to complete missions .
" He was good , " he said .
Other friends said he had kept dozens of air guns in his bedroom and had taken after his father in his love of guns and weaponry .
According to Böhm , 12 , Kretschmer had complained of being teased by his fellow students and ignored by his teachers while at Albertville .
Today a team of school and police psychologists was due to arrive in Baden - Württemberg to assist the bereaved and survivors of the attack .
One trauma specialist , Christian Luedke , told the Neue Presse newspaper the current site of Albertsville school should be closed for good .
" The school has become a crime scene , " he said .
" No more lessons can take place there . "
The Android G1 and the iPhone do not initially seem like ideal desktop computing platforms .
They are small , with limited screen space and compromised keyboards .
And yet both of them are running fully capable Unix solutions under their hoods .
So it 's not unthinkable that you could deploy traditional windows - icon - menu - pointer ( WIMP ) desktops onto these devices , understanding the compromises involved .
On the Android front , ghostwalker of the Android Fanatic site recently posted directions for running X11 on Android devices .
The server runs from a Debian shell that you can install on your jailbroken Android G1 .
The shell offers a command - line interface that you must run as root on your system ; your G1 must be jailbroken to achieve this .
Once you have root shell access , follow the directions in ghostwalker 's post to install a VNC server and the GUI of your choice .
Ghostwalker recommends LDXE , which he writes is " an energy saving and extremely fast and performing desktop solution .
It works well with computers on the low end of the performance spectrum such as new generation netbooks and other small mobile computers . "
Although you could get away with installing more advanced GUIs such as GNOME or KDE , these would likely run very slowly on the G1 .
The instructions go through setting up the VNC resolution to 480x320 to match the G1 display and show you how to run X11 services in the background .
It 's essential that these services are backgrounded because you need to return to the Android menu to access those services from a client .
With the VNC server and the desktop running in the background , you connect to the VNC server from a VNC client .
Although you can obviously connect from a personal computer ( or even from an iPhone for that matter ) , the idea here is that you run the VNC client on the same G1 as the server .
This brings up the X11 GUI running natively on Android .
The following screen shot shows an LDXE session .
There 's absolutely no reason that a similar solution would not work on a jailbroken iPhone outside the need to port the software to Apple 's version of Unix .
I looked around this morning to see if anyone had done so but came up empty - handed in my search .
The iPhone offers both VNC servers as well as VNC clients but no X11 support that I could find .
For the moment , if you want to add a WIMP interface to your iPhone , you need to take a trip back through time .
The open source Mini vMac effort has been ported to the iPhone .
Mini vMac emulates the 4MB Mac Plus .
And , as these screen shots show , provides a full windowing interface , albeit one that dates from around 1986 .
Mini vMac on iPhone
Unfortunately , I was unable to actually test the system out .
Cydia refused to recognize the namedfork .
net repository and my attempts to check out the most recent svn source failed .
Even after installing the software , you are responsible for tracking down a Mac Plus ROM image and any Mac disk images you wish to run .
As far as I can tell , the emulator does not gain complete access to your iPhone Unix file system ; you 're limited to the disk images you create and import .
Leaving aside the gosh - wow factor , why would anyone be interested in running desktop systems on their phone hardware ?
The most compelling reason is portability .
We are very close to the point where we can stick an entire world of computing in our pocket .
It 's not just about bringing along your music and videos ; soon you 'll be able to bring along your entire " office " or your entire " life , " with all the material that normally sits on your desktop .
Sure we can use phones on the road when we are away from our desks via their mobile interfaces .
The simple GUIs ease those tasks you need to perform on the go .
But when we arrive at wherever we 're going , users should be able to access documents and files and interact with the hardware without mobile interface limitations .
Instead of thinking that a phone is limited by its very nature , people may soon start thinking of them by how they are used in different places and different scenarios .
Why should n't your G1 or iPhone start serving full windows to monitors when you reach your desk ?
Why should n't they act like the mobile platform you know and love when you hit the road ?
A growing new class of computing continues to diminish the distinction between hand - held and desktop devices .
These tentative first steps into adding desktop abilities onto hand - held systems are leading us to a destination of truly ubiquitous computing .
Trick question - nothing !
This little guy was born at the Everland Zoo in South Korea in September of 2008 .
Nocturnal hunters , fennec foxes detect tasty insects and small rodents with their ridiculously oversized ears .
On February 5 , 2009 , I released a column titled New Hampshire Leads Next American Revolution !
At the time , only a handful of states had introduced legislative efforts to reclaim state sovereignty under the Ninth and Tenth Amendments of the US Constitution .
As of February 17th , when I released It ’s Time for American Freedom Fighters to Unite , some twenty states had followed that lead , introducing measures of their own aimed at reclaiming state rights to defend against what was clearly becoming a runaway Democratic Socialist juggernaut in Washington DC , running roughshod over Republican members of congress and the millions of Americans they represent .
Today , the number of states claiming state sovereignty , some outlining specific federal actions that have far more to do with usurping the US Constitution than upholding it , has grown to at least thirty two … the magic number is 34 ….
2009 : Arkansas - 9th Amendment , 10th Amendment , Funding Issues
2009 : Arizona - 9th Amendment , 10th Amendment
1994 : California - 10th Amendment
1995/96 : Georgia - 10th Amendment
2009 : Georgia - 10th Amendment
2009 : Kansas - 10th Amendment
1997/98 : Louisiana - Sovereignty Constitutional Amendment
2009 : Michigan - 10th Amendment
2009 : Minnesota - 10th Amendment
2009 : Missouri - Freedom of Choice Act ( Abortion ) , 10th Amendment
2009 : Montana - 9th Amendment , 10th Amendment , 2nd Amendment
2009 : New Hampshire - 9th Amendment , 10th Amendment , Federal Reserve , Taxes , Martial Law , 2nd Amendment , Draft / War , Patriot Act , Labor Camps , 1st Amendment
2008 : Oklahoma - 10th Amendment , ( Other Legislation : No Child Left Behind , Real ID Act )
2009 : Oklahoma - 9th Amendment , 10th Amendment , Funding Issues
2009 : South Carolina - 9th Amendment , 10 Amendment , Martial Law and Related , 1st Amendment , 2nd Amendment
2009 : Tennessee - 10th Amendment
2009 : Texas - 9th Amendment , 10th Amendment , Funding Issues
2009 : Utah - Real ID Act
2009 : Washington - 10th Amendment
* Proposed : Alabama - 9th Amendment , 10th Amendment
* Proposed : Alaska
* 1994 : Colorado - 10th Amendment
* 1995 : Florida - 10th Amendment
* Proposed [ HJM RS18517 ] : Idaho - 10th Amendment
* 2009 : Indiana - 10th Amendment
* 2009 : Iowa - 10th Amendment
* Proposed : Maine
* Proposed : Nevada
* Proposed : Ohio - 10th Amendment
* Proposed : Pennsylvania - 10th Amendment
* Proposed : Virginia - 10th Amendment
* Proposed : West Virginia - Same as New Hampshire
Republic of Lakotah - Full Independence
Hawaii - Full Independence
It ’s all happening so fast , that we have not had time to fully verify the text and status of every state effort , but there is NO missing the clear implications .
Where are they heading here ?
What does it all mean ?
We The People Foundation is pushing for a new Continental Congress .
Campaign For Liberty - 2009 Continental Congress ... is working towards the same end .
HUGE Pro-Constitution blogs like Free Republic run by Jim Robinson are issuing “ calls to action ” in an effort to get literally hundreds of fractured movements to communicate and network together in defense of American Constitutional Rights currently under siege in Washington DC .
Is this why more than thirty states are rushing to reclaim state powers , in preparation for an all out assault on a federal government clearly intent upon a massive confiscation and redistribution of wealth agenda ?
“ Hold on , my friends , to the Constitution and the Republic for which it stands .
Miracles do not cluster , and what has happened once in 6,000 years , may not happen again .
Hold on to the Constitution , for if the American Constitution should fail , there will be anarchy throughout the world . ” - Daniel Webster
Obama ’s New World Order ?
Frankly , I think it ’s a mistake to blame Obama for what is happening in Washington DC today .
Quite honestly , he is just not that smart .
Nothing on his blank résumé suggests that he is capable of “ leading ” anything .
At best , he is a Follower - in - Chief .
The question is – who ’s lead is he following ?
Void of any personal talent , Obama is attempting to “ lead ” by committee .
He has surrounded himself with so - called “ experts ” whom he relies upon for his every thought pattern and opinion .
Unfortunately , every Obama “ expert ” is an anti-American Marxist .
Throughout his two year campaign for the Oval Office , Obama was accused of being many things , from covert Muslim terrorist to Alinsky Communist and just your average run of the mill empty suit .
A little more than a month in power has already proven that the empty suit charge was the most accurate , and likely the most dangerous .
When Conspiracy becomes more than Just Theory
Just as communists learned to take cover under friendlier operating titles , - socialist , liberal and progressive , eventually just plain ole Democrat , - the ONE World Order folks have learned to operate under the cover of New World Order .
President George H.W. Bush used the term New World Order , taking office immediately following the fall of the Soviet Empire , in a world worried about the prospects of one standing superpower with no counter - balance of power in the world .
Bush ’s New World Order simply aimed to realign global power at a time when only the United States was a standing economic and military superpower .
Through the United Nations , Bush hoped for diplomatic international peacekeeping that would eliminate the need for the USA to act as a unilateral peacekeeping force around the world .
Bush sought to expand the principles and values of freedom and capitalism , so that parts of the world in perpetual war just to survive , would one day feed themselves in peace .
But just as today ’s Democrat Party has been hijacked by the Democratic Socialists of America via their legislative body in congress , the Congressional Progressive Caucus , Bush ’s New World Order was hijacked by the One World Order movement , which has an agenda diametrically opposed to Bush ’s vision .
As a result , the two opposing ideologies are often intentionally and unwittingly confused today .
Why Now ?
For decades , the federal government has been behaving as if the states and the people at large exist only at the pleasure and benefit of the fed .
The popular but false notion that some have no right to individual success , so that others can enjoy a right to other people ’s property , has become the foundation of today ’s Democrat Party .
Without the promise of free access to other people ’s stuff , Democrats would not win a single national election .
Obama ’s entire campaign for power was based upon penalizing personal success and pushing even more Americans into federal dependency .
Since Republicans ran a candidate only marginally to the right of Democrats , it was clear that the nation was going to put a man in the White House who did n’t have the qualifications to even run a US company .
Investors started fleeing from the market almost a year before the election .
But once the election was over , they have run for cover at break neck speed .
Obama ’s efforts to re-title nationalization and democratic socialism as some new form of free market capitalism , is flying with some of his supporters who no longer know the difference .
But investors and state legislatures know unbridled socialism when they see it coming .
Today , they can see the whites of their eyes …
Promises to nationalize banking , rumors of “ general troop mobilizations , ” renewed warnings of terror attacks on US soil and trillions in taxpayer debt being poured into creating “ government jobs , ” has pushed freedom loving Americans to a boiling point !
The Purpose Behind the State Resolutions
Some suspect that the states are preparing for an armed defense of their territories and rights , expecting the fed to move towards Martial Law once they are successful in their efforts to finish off the free market economy , forcing the people to take to the streets in rebellion .
Others believe that the states are preparing to secede from a union run amuck .
Instead , it appears that the states are preparing to slap the federal government down to its rightful Constitutional size .
A New Continental Congress
Our nation ’s Founders provided for a peaceful means by which we the people could protect and defend our Constitution .
In our Declaration of Independence , our Founders established , “ That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness . ”
Private investors and state legislators know better than to buy the empty rhetoric of the empty suit currently residing in the White House .
As he takes to the air waves daily in a failed attempt to paint his socialist plan a pretty color , state after state reclaims state sovereignty and investors run for safe havens .
Only the proletariat class , developed by Democrats over the last seventy years , is foolish enough to place their “ hopes ” in a man with a blank résumé and a secret past , as he becomes increasingly desperate to put a friendly face on his unfriendly assault on American principles and values .
State legislators are preparing to slap the leftist fed down to size … its Constitutional size .
They are preparing for a new continental congress whereby the people and their states can “ institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness . ”
The Details
Remember ! - the magic number is 34 states to call for a convention to enforce the Ninth and Tenth Amendments of the Constitution .
32 - 34 states are already on the move toward setting a firm foundation for just such an event .
“ When a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such Government , and to provide new Guards for their future security . ”
Declaration of Independence
America is currently in a Constitutional Crisis on several fronts .
We have a president whom many Americans , including a growing number of soldiers , believe to be constitutionally ineligible to serve as Commander - in - Chief .
Democratic Socialists now in control of all branches of the federal government are running wild with power , forcing taxpayers and investors into a corner by eliminating all voices of reason across the aisle , which they feel completely entitled to discard without a moment ’s consideration .
Over 40 states are now in financial ruin as a direct result of federal misuse of power and ill - fated leftist efforts to stimulate socialism rather than free market recovery .
A Constitutional Convention is the peaceful means by which the states can band together and put an end to the heavy handed unbridled sprint to national Marxism currently led by Speaker Pelosi in the People ’s House .
Article V of the US Constitution
“ The Congress , whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary , shall propose Amendments to this Constitution , or , on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States , shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments , which , in either Case , shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes , as part of this Constitution , ”
It takes 34 states to bypass the US Congress and call for a Constitutional Convention .
Reasserting state sovereignty under the Ninth and Tenth Amendments would be the appropriate first step towards calling for a new Continental Congress .
Is it possible that state legislatures know exactly what they are doing here ?
This is the ONE constitutional method for reversing the current rush into Marxism in Washington DC that could preempt the growing public movement towards outright revolution and tax revolt .
It is the ONE thing that state governments can do to stop the nation from falling into an armed public rebellion against the heavy handed socialists running Washington DC .
And nobody in Washington DC can stop it , so long as at least 34 states act upon their Constitutional right to slap the fed back down to its legitimate size and scope .
Is this really happening in my time ?
If it is , what an exciting time to be alive !
After years of watching Washington DC elites destroy the republic , it would be an honor indeed , to watch the people take their country back by reasserting state sovereignty and constitutional rights .
The states are setting a firm footing to remind the fed that IT exists only at the pleasure of the states and their people , not the other way around .
34 state legislatures can force a constitutional convention , not for the purpose of a new amendment , but for the purpose of enforcing long existing amendments , specifically , # 9 and # 10 .
As these are existing pieces of the Constitution , there is only a need for an enforcement convention , not a ratification process requiring 39 states and time to ratify .
Is it possible that state legislators know precisely what they are doing ?
Whether they know it or not , they are putting the people in the proper position to reclaim their country .
Do they have the courage to follow through ?
©2009 USA
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , February 13 , 2009
One of a plethora of cover -ups surrounding 9/11 is the FBI ’s contention that the black boxes onboard the two planes that crashed into the World Trade Center were never found , a claim that has been further discredited following the news that the black box onboard flight Q400 that crashed last night in New York was found within 15 hours .
The FBI told the 9/11 Commission that the black boxes from Flight 11 and Flight 175 , despite being built to withstand direct full speed crashes and temperatures of 1800 - degrees , were never discovered in the wreckage at ground zero .
They also claimed that the voice recorder from Flight 77 and the flight data box from Flight 93 were damaged beyond recovery .
It is incredibly rare that black boxes remain undiscovered after a plane crash , and considering that the WTC site was meticulously cleaned up to the point where tiny bone fragments were recovered , it is inconceivable that the black boxes could have been completely lost , even if they were damaged beyond repair .
In 2004 , New York firefighters Mike Bellone and Nicholas DeMasi went public to say they had found the black boxes at the World Trade Center , but were told to keep their mouths shut by FBI agents .
Nicholas DeMasi said that he escorted federal agents on an all - terrain vehicle in October 2001 and helped them locate the devices , a story backed up by rescue volunteer Mike Bellone .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
As the Philadelphia Daily News reported at the time , “ Their story raises the question of whether there was a some type of cover - up at Ground Zero . ”
“ At one point , I was asked to take Federal Agents around the site to search for the black boxes from the planes , ” he wrote .
“ We were getting ready to go out .
My ATV was parked at the top of the stairs at the Brooks Brothers entrance area .
We loaded up about a million dollars worth of equipment and strapped it into the ATV , ” said DeMasi .
“ At one point , Bellone said he observed the team with a box that appeared charred but was redish - orange with two white stripes .
Pictures of the flight recorders on the NTSB and other Web sites show devices that are orange , with two white stripes , ” reported the newspaper .
“ There was the one that I saw , and two others were recovered in different locations – but I was n’t there for the other two , ” Bellone said .
He said the FBI agents left with the boxes . ”
In addition , a source at the National Transportation Safety Board later told Counterpunch , “ Off the record , we had the boxes … .
You ’d have to get the official word from the FBI as to where they are , but we worked on them here . ”
Suspicions surrounding the so - called failure to locate the black boxes at the World Trade Center can only be heightened by the news that the black box from last night ’s tragic plane crash in Buffalo was discovered within a mere 15 hours .
Furthermore , both the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder were in perfect condition , as you can see from the image below .
“ The black box of a commercial airliner that nose - dived into a Buffalo house in New York has been retrieved , about 15 hours after the incident , ” reports Press TV .
The flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder “ have been found and they are on their way back here , ” said Ted Lopatkiewicz a spokesman for the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) , AFP reported on Friday .
The motivation behind lying about the recovery of the black boxes on 9/11 is obvious – any aspect of the recordings of the onboard conversations between the pilots or the movements of their plane that did n’t coalesce with the official story would have destroyed the fairy tale that was being constructed around the attacks in the very minutes and hours after they started to unfold .
Questions about how a handful of men with box cutters could have overpowered burly ex-military pilots and scores of passengers with apparent ease would not have gone unanswered .
The circumstances surrounding the Buffalo crash and the Beijing skyscraper fire are two events that happened in the same week which offer stark contradictions and only place the credibility of the official 9/11 story further in doubt .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The world , as Schopenhauer observed , is a business that does n't cover its expenses .
This was n't idle metaphysics but first - hand experience .
The Schopenhauer family had been wealthy stockbrokers in the free trade city of Hamburg .
Then the European economy collapsed and they lost everything .
Two hundred years later , there is much that Schopenhauer would find familiar in the landscape of bank failures , collapsed companies and growing unemployment .
What lies behind the global recession is a particularly virile form of capitalism , now seemingly in its death throes .
Let 's call it " offshore " capitalism - literally so in the way it had locked itself into a network of tax havens and offshore finance centres that formed the shadow side of the world 's banks and mega- corporations .
But this was offshore in a metaphorical sense too - it produced financial structures and instruments so absurdly technical and abstract that the net effect was a freakishly remote economic system , detached from society .
It was in the 1970s that this form of capitalism began , from the margins , to make itself known in the wider world .
Multinationals and banks began as a matter of course to expand and grow through tax havens .
Financial whizzkids - much like those experimenting with micro-computers at the time - developed instruments that " financialised " everyday assets and commodities and turned them into derivatives , to be traded on their own markets .
The new offshore wizardry soon had an impact on the wider world .
Up until this time , nation - states had complete control over their economies and finances .
That changed .
Offshore tax havens put enormous pressure on domestic banking systems to deregulate and liberalise .
In turn , onshore banks and monetary authorities tried desperately to control and regulate the new international capital markets that were based offshore .
But it was an unequal struggle ; governments across the industrialised west eventually repealed their own regulations and let offshore finance wash up and make a home onshore .
Over the next three decades , offshore finance ( and corporations that depended on it in order to expand ) asserted its dominance over national economies .
Once assured of a stream of finance offshore , corporations worked out how to use tax havens to retain profits and so expand even further .
As profits grew , the amount of tax paid by corporations into the public exchequer decreased .
There is no letup in this aspect of offshore capitalism today .
Financial epochs - not unlike cultural epochs - go through late periods of excess marked by opulence and a love of ornamentation .
The late flourishing of offshore capitalism has produced an array of decadent , and deadly , phenomena .
From hedge funds to credit derivatives and collateralised debt obligations - each symbolises an ever widening gap between finance and society , to the point where meaningful contact between the two has been obliterated , the detachment complete .
Over this past decade and a half we have seen the rise and rise of the emblem of offshore capitalism - the hedge fund .
These private and exclusive clubs , relatively free from regulation and supervision and incorporated offshore , allowed wealthy investors to pool their money and have it gambled on precise ( and , it was believed , predictable ) price fluctuations of any security or asset that was traded in the world 's markets - from stocks , bonds and currencies to the complex financial instruments derived from them .
The hedge funds took on everything that moved in the markets and made killings by shorting stocks and humbling public companies in the process .
But when they targeted the banks , they were undermining the very thing they most needed to ply their trade - the billions of dollars loaned from banks to make their bets with .
Offshore capitalism was powered by a seemingly infinite supply of cheap money and finance across the world .
So it was no surprise that when the money dried up , the system ground to a halt .
And what caused the money to dry up was the most complete and outlandish separation of the offshore world of finance from the bricks and mortar world of onshore society - people 's homes .
As we now know , mortgages were sold to banks for a panoply of complex credit derivatives that were then transformed into new derivatives , and then sold on again until no one knew where the buck stopped .
The mortgage business was by and large structured offshore to get the most tax - efficient and flexible arrangements and to keep the deals off the main books of the banks .
Thus the property market was stoked up and the bubble grew bigger and bigger - until , like every bubble , it burst .
Pushed to the limit , offshore capitalism imploded .
But the fallout is not kept detached , isolated offshore .
It is felt onshore - in the mortgage foreclosures , the redundancies and the companies going to the wall ; in the costs of the offshore farrago that have now been passed onshore to society and its taxpayers , who end up paying higher taxes .
Schopenhauer 's experience of the economic collapse of his time led him to the gruesome suggestion that the world was a place where people devour and feast on each other in their daily struggle for survival .
He would have recognised this behaviour as inherent in the cut - throat , winner - takes - all capitalism of his day - and no less , I believe , in the period of offshore capitalism that we have just endured .
It is time , surely , to come back onshore once and for all .
• William Brittain - Catlin , the author of Offshore : The Dark Side of the Global Economy , is an investigator with the risk consultancy Kroll ; he writes in a personal capacity
brittaincatlin@googlemail.com
Cif editor 's note :
This article will be open to comments on the day of publication .
To follow all the developments in the Tax Gap series , read our tax blog .
How times change .
Jerry Brown has won much praise for his legal attack on Proposition 8 , which banned gay marriage in California .
But as many have pointed out , it was n't that long ago when backing gay marriage would be a lot more out of the mainstream .
Today , the San Francisco Chronicle has a case in point , and it involves actions by Brown himself three decades ago :
When Brown was governor of California , he played a crucial role on the same issue -- he signed the landmark bill that changed the state 's definition of marriage from a contract between two persons to one specifically between a man and a woman .
At the time , proponents of the bill praised it as one that would " outlaw marriages between homosexuals . "
The author of that bill , former Republican Assemblyman Bruce Nestande of Orange County , told The Chronicle this week that he wrote AB607 to specifically limit marriage to being between a man and a woman .
He won support from conservatives such as state Sen.
John Briggs of Fullerton , who would later author the notorious but unsuccessful Briggs Initiative that attempted to ban gays from working in public schools .
...
Brown said Thursday that his decision to sign the bill , without comment , was largely technical -- and " totally appropriate " for the time .
The death toll in the shelling of a family compound in Gaza rose to 30 , the United Nations said in a report issued on Friday , as relief workers continued to comb through wreckage they had been denied access to for days after the attack .
The episode has ignited intense international criticism of the Israeli military for its failure to allow relief workers to reach the scene in a timely manner .
On Friday , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , Navanethem Pillay , also pointed to the deaths in the family compound as cause for an independent investigation into possible war crimes by Israeli forces in Gaza .
" Incidents such as this must be investigated because they display elements of what could constitute war crimes , " she told Reuters .
Initial reports on Monday said 11 members of the extended Samouni family had been killed and 26 wounded , according to witnesses and hospital officials , with five children aged 4 and under among the dead .
Video :
A new device can generate power from the movement of humans and hamsters
Innovation is our new column that highlights the latest emerging technological ideas and where they may lead
Why rely on batteries when the world is full of objects just waiting to be harnessed as power generators ?
Materials scientist Zhong Lin Wang at the Georgia Institute of Technology is showing the way with his gadget that can transform a hamster in its wheel or a moving human finger into a tiny electrical generator .
The hamster shown in the video above wears a backpack containing a piezoelectric nanowire attached to a pair of metal electrodes .
As the tiny rodent runs , its back distorts the nanowire and generating an alternating current .
Advertisement
Right now this only produces 0.2 volts at half a nanoamp of current , but Wang says adding more nanowires to the device , or using multiple hamsters could offer a useful amount of power .
His paper does n’t have any solution to the problem of the hamster stopping to groom itself or snack on a few seeds .
Power typing
Strapping the device to human fingers might provide a more reliable power source , see video above .
A touch - typist wearing a pair of gloves incorporating this technology could presumably generate a modest amount of personal power each day .
In fact , once you start looking at the world this way , opportunities for this kind of parasitic power appear everywhere .
Last year , Wang developed an electricity - generating thread from zinc oxide nanowires .
When the thread is woven into a yarn it could provide enough juice to charge a cellphone , he says .
Other working prototype devices include a pacemaker that harvests energy from heartbeats , and a device that straps to your knee to generate power as the joint straightens and decelerates during the “ braking ” phase of each walking step .
Its inventors liken this approach to the regenerative braking that reclaims power as an electric or hybrid vehicle slows .
Perhaps , like cars , humans too will become hybrid power sources in future going some way to solve the problem of battery technology limiting portable devices like cellphones .
Knees , hearts and fingers could just be the tip of the iceberg – there are many more joints and moving parts in the body ripe for exploitation .
The question is , which have the most to offer ?
Journal reference : Nano Letters ( DOI : 10.1021/nl803904 b )
Watch this video FIRST
As we go through our days we should always look for and share humor with others .
Life is so much better when you ’re smiling !
Here ’s a fun example of making the masses smile .
THEN watch this one to see how it was done :
Remember : Life is sometimes too serious to take seriously .
Koch Industries ’ one - man teabag revolution in Santa Monica
As soon as Ames and I sent off our Santelli - FreedomWorks connection article to the editors at Playboy , I rushed out the door .
I was already 10 minutes late to a tea party event being held just a few miles from my house .
The protest was scheduled to take place at the very end of the Santa Monica pier at 9:00 am Friday , February 27 — sharp — and would last until exactly 9:45 am .
Tony Katz , the event organizer , had the whole thing mapped out on a Facebook page he set up : meet and greet , three keynote speakers ( some no - name actor , a writer and an alleged comedian ) , a quick teabagging ceremony and then goodbye .
It was n’t the best time slot to attract protesters .
Most working people ( exactly ones that should be outraged at having their hard - earned money spent bailing out deadbeats ) , would be just groggily arriving at work .
But if you read the Santelli article , you know these tea party protests were never about attracting real supporters .
They were about creating the perception that these supporters exist .
As it happens , the early morning schedule was incredibly convenient for journalists .
They ’d get the material and be back in the office before noon , enough time to write and edit their segments to appear that same day .
I got there about 30 minutes late , just in time for the last part of the show .
Katz , short , chubby and sporting a greasy ponytail , was finishing up his closing speech .
Helpers were passing out tea bags to the 50 or so people milling around restlessly .
The crowd was not what you would expect from a grassroots movement that supposedly tsunamied so fast that a whole network materialized in just a few days .
It was more the size of a waiting list crowd milling around outside a popular sushi restaurant .
Katz , who looked more like a failed porn actor , a dweeby version of Ron Jeremy , than a political organizer , was saying something about the need to move past partisanship .
Resistance was n’t about being Republican , Democrat or Green — it was about being American .
That got cheers from the crowd , but looking around me , these people were clearly going to have trouble hiding their obvious Republicanism .
A few people were holding anti-Obama signs .
One guy , who called himself a comedian , held up a slickly designed sign that read : “ Do n’t Tax Me , Bro ! ” A sickly young couple , who identified their political affiliation as “ freeper , ” held thin cardboard signs with anti-tax slogans quickly scrawled with markers .
There were a bunch of Republican hags .
Some were senile and could barely walk ; a few of the more sprightly ones had donned 18th century dresses they ’d saved from their first proms .
A dozen or so clean - cut Young Republican types were dispersed through the crowd .
None of them would admit it , but they were obvious organizers of the whole sham gathering .
Reporters and assorted media types made up 1/3 of the mass , and there was a constant stream of weirded - out passers - by who paused and gawked for a while before scuttling off .
In rich , ultra-liberal Santa Monica , meeting lone Republicans is a rarity , like spotting a Northern Hairy - nosed Wombat .
Saying critical things about Obama around here is blasphemy punishable by societal isolation .
Two other observations could be made about the crowd : 1 ) it was too white and 2 ) it was all dudes .
You can tell just how authentic a political rally is by the male - female equality ratio .
If you ’re gonna build a mass movement against anything , there ’s no way of getting around it .
The only woman seemed to be on the job , working for some conservative TV station called Freedom Talk or Freedom Now .
Judging by the name , it was connected to FreedomWorks , and she was obviously connected to Katz , chatting him up like they were friends at the end of the show .
It was now 9:35 am and Katz was finishing , right on schedule .
He invited people to throw their tea bags into a pot of water ( throwing tea bags into the ocean would be littering and illegal ) and yell out their anti-tax demands .
The whole thing was pathetic and over very quickly , thankfully .
It was a total sham , a front in order to get TV facetime .
It worked , too .
FOX news sent a camera crew .
So did NBC .
Koch was teabagging the media , and the media loved it .
I had a little plan to toy with Katz and test his reaction , so as I milled around , waiting for him to finish his interviews , I tried interacting with the participants .
It was n’t easy .
These people did n’t have much to say .
The Young Republican cadre were n’t very chatty , answering in short , two - or three - word bursts .
If you ’ve ever been to a real protest , you know how open and forthcoming people are .
They have to be to recruit .
Most of the extras were useless , too , either senile or insane , or both .
One woman was recruiting for a Republican club in West Los Angeles .
But she had no idea what was going on .
“ Santelli ?
I do n’t know .
Do we support him ?
How did he vote on the Stimulus ? ”
There was a fat Latino gay guy in a custom t- shirt showing Obama as a pirate .
“ I just think that protesting is a great , very important thing to do , ” he said .
He was one of those protest whores ; he was against just about everything — Obama , Taxes , Iraq , Afghanistan , etc. — but somehow remained real upbeat and chipper .
As soon as NBC finished their interview with Katz , I came up and introduced myself .
I wanted to see how he ’d respond if I started throwing around FreedomWorks .
Would he deny the connection ?
Pretend like he did n’t know what I was talking about ?
Embrace me as a brother ?
Doubtful .
Sure , this event was all about populism , but I did n’t fit into the whole scene .
My punk - esque leather jacket and shaved head did n’t fit in among the polo shirts , Stanford baseball caps and sportscoats .
I just do n’t own anything that resembles their semi-casual staffer attire .
“ Hey , I just want you to know that my brother works for FreedomWorks in Washington .
We ’re not close , but I spoke to him on the phone last night and he told me about what you guys are doing .
I just want you to know I respect and support you 100 % . ”
Katz paused for a second , his smile tightening , shrinking almost imperceptibly .
And then he just ignored the question , shifting his attention to a dweeby Republican who came up to introduce himself .
Apparently these two had been communicating via Twitter for some time , but had never met in real life .
I hung around to try to push Katz some more , but he obviously smelled me out .
I never even got his business card , which he was giving away to everyone else .
Instead , I was instructed to go to their Twitter page .
It was n’t much of a recruitment effort .
But then , when your whole movement is a fake , you do n’t need to worry about recruitment .
All you need to do is lure the sucker - media ’s TV cameras to the pier for a few minutes .
Related reading : Exposing The Rightwing PR Machine : Is CNBC ’s Rick Santelli Sucking Koch ?
Ruby Lightning Talks
Tonight 's LRUG meeting consisted of 8 quick 20x20 format presentations ( 20 slides , 20 seconds per slide ) on a range of Ruby related topics .
Matt Patterson -- a talk about dpkg - tools
Matt 's talk is about rubygems vs an Operating System 's native packaging format .
Rubygems are OS independent packages of Ruby code .
OS packages are language agnostic , designed to work on a specific OS .
There 's a debate raging ; Ruby developers want to deploy to any architecture quickly , without waiting for native packages to arrive .
System administrators do n't want to have a second package management system playing around with their platforms .
Who 's right ?
They 're both right , and automation is the key thing here , but we must n't forget that system administrators need to be able to maintain the operating system in a robust manner .
Matt 's proposed solution is dpkg - tools ( available on github ) , a way to quickly install gems onto your Debian based systems , without actually installing the gem itself .
It builds . deb files for you .
Manually re-packaging gems as operating system packages is not a good idea ; it 's not efficient , and is a clear violation of DRY .
We 're back to automation again .
dpkg - tools is easy to use ; it gives you a single command to run to create your Debian package .
It 's also a bit hacky , as there 's no rubygems developer API for Matt to build on top of , but it works .
Matt is using a similar approach on his own projects to automate the installation and setup of Rails apps on his own servers .
What 's coming next for dpkg - tools ?
Right now you need to type 50 commands to build 50 packages , so he 's working on dependency support so that all your dependencies will get built automatically .
There 's some refactoring to do .
Something to do with Phusion packages ( though I missed exactly what that was ) .
More information is available on github , or at Matt 's site :
Thomas Pomfret -- Ruby and XMPP
XMPP is an eXtensible Messaging and Presence Protocol , for real - time communication .
It 's an open technology .
Suitable uses include authentication , presence , contact lists , one to one messaging , many to many messaging , notifications and service discovery .
Inside your applications you could use it to send notificaations ( think of it as an alternative to sending an email ) , handle instant messaging , group chat , gaming ( see chesspark.com ) , or for systems control .
Why should you care about XMPP ?
Thomas says it 's extensible , scalable , secure and works well in real - time systems .
How does it compare to HTTP ?
Lots of real - time systems have been implemented in HTTP using a polling approach , in which the client continually has to check whether or not state has changed on the server .
With XMPP your client just needs to register interest in an event or message queue , after which the server will inform the client when necessary .
There are two gems available : XMPP4r and XMPP4r - simple .
The simple gem exposes common tasks , but you need the full gem for anything relevantly complicated .
Here 's an example ( which I hope I copied down correctly ... ) :
require ' rubygems ' require ' xmpp4r-simple ' im = Jabber : : Simple ('user@example.com ' , ' password ' ) im.deliver ('friend@example.com ' , ' Hello ! ' )
Thomas then went through examples of using the xmpp4r gem for setting up a chat room with Jabber , and sending / receiving messages .
He also introduced ActionMessenger which serves a similar purpose to ActionMailer in Rails , but rather than sending emails it 's designed to send instant messages .
Apparently it's not a good idea to call XMPP code directly from a Rails / Merb controller ( presumably because it could block , and controller actions should be snappy ) .
Also bear in mind that large messages could become queued up if you send too many of them .
There 's an XMPP PeepCode screencast and an XMPP O'Reilly book that are well worth checking out , and lots more information available online .
Slides from Thomas 's talk are available from his blog .
Julian Burgess --
A cry for help ( an anti-talk )
Julian 's talk was an interesting journey into how much he 's learnt since he started using Ruby .
Back in the day Julian discovered HTML .
Then VBscript .
Good fun , but there was a limit to the complexity of the things he could build .
Then he came across RSS and XML , and noticed that eBay 's feedback system is a bit weird ( the numbers only ever go up -- why is that ? ) .
So he decided to try and do something better .
.
Net did n't really do the job , but somebody suggested Rails .
Wahey .
Then he fell into a " chasm of learning " and picked up lots of new stuff like SVN .
And Linux .
Then Julian started going to more meetings like LRUG and noticed everybody was using Macs .
Sounds familiar .
Then he applied for a Rails job in parliament .
Despite the job title he did n't end up doing much Rails ( mmm , that kind of behaviour reminds me of government ) , but was still working on his eBay solution in the background .
One night ( presumably whilst coding on his eBay solution ) he wanted a kebab .
But was the kebab shop open ?
Recognising a problem without a solution , Julian decided to make an app that would tell him when things are open ( a slightly grander solution than nipping down there to check , I think you 'll agree ) .
An entertaining talk .
Tom ten Thij - Debugging with ruby - debug
To use the Ruby debugger you can require the ruby - debug gem , then call the debugger function within your code :
require ' rubygems ' require ' ruby - debug ' debugger
If you put a debugger function call at the end of a function it'll skip it , so make sure it 's followed by another statement .
You can also pass a block to the debugger when launching it :
require ' rubygems ' require ' ruby - debug ' Debugger .
start { ... }
Alternatively you can start the debugger from the command line without modifying your code :
$ rdebug myscript.rb
Once the debugger has opened you can type help to see a list of available commands .
Immediately useful commands include next ( or n ) to step through to the next statement , and list or l to page through your source code ( you can move back and forwards ; try help list for more information ) .
display lets you look at the value of a variable as you step through your program ( similar to watching a variable in many IDEs ) .
You can step up and down the stack frames with up and down .
You move into different contexts as you go up and down , allowing you to inspect local variables at various points in your stack .
where will show you your call stack , and you can dump your variables with info ( try i v to show local and instance variables in the current stack frame , and help info to find out what else info can do for you ) .
You can also set breakpoints with break ( abbreviated to b -- do you see the pattern here ? ) , which is very handy , as you can then use continue to skip ahead to your next breakpoint , rather than stepping over every statement .
Cheers Tom , a useful introduction .
I 've used the debugger a fair bit in the past myself , and heartily recommend this article for more details .
Roland Swingler - Something about rubygame
Roland normally works with the web , but had a fiddle with games programming over Christmas .
He decided to remake Pong , as it " has all the elements that you need for a game and none that you do n't " .
He used RubyGame , a port of pygame which provides direct access to the SDL framework .
When programming with RubyGame you start off with a main game loop .
You can't really move anything in RubyGame .
All you can do is draw things on surfaces .
To animate stuff you re-draw the entire surface ( the screen by default ) , but that 's a bit of a pain if you only want to change a small area of the screen .
So you have sprites ; surfaces that cover a small section of the screen .
To get much more of an idea of it you 'd really need to see his example code , which I have n't had time to jot down ( 20 seconds per slide is a bit too quick for me ! ) .
Roland then talked us through how his ball and paddle sprite objects ( remember , he 's rewritten Pong ) work out whether or not they need to bounce off each other , and how to handle events such as key presses , mouse movements , etc .
RubyGame looks like rather good fun .
There 's no physics engine ( but you can use Chipmunk -- another gem ) , and you can hook in sounds , etc .
Steve Ganly - " rubysmokes " - A proposal for smoke testing ruby
Smoke tests are not ( just in case you thought they were ) anything like soak tests ( which you run repeatedly to see if things eventually break ) .
Smoke tests are more akin to the behaviour you get when you turn on a dud piece of electronics for the first time ( you can get a puff of blue smoke ) .
In the Perl community a bunch of smoke tests are run on multiple architectures whenever new code is checked in to the Perl interpreter .
The results are emailed out to interested parties , made available on a web page , passed on via IRC bots , etc .
It sounds like it works rather well .
You can build Perl in lots of different ways ( e.g. with lots of different command line options ) .
There are also different versions of Perl ( e.g. pugs , parrot ) .
These different versions of Perl are built by Test :: Smoke inside a for loop .
See www.test-smoke.org.
Steve wondered if there was anything similar for the Ruby community ; there was n't .
How should Ruby do it ?
Do n't just build from source , but build native packages on different platforms ( e.g. Ubuntu , BSD ) .
Run the tests for multiple versions of Ruby .
When running tests take note of the local hardware and OS , which gems are installed , available databases , etc .
Make it easy for people to run the tests and submit their results .
Store all the results on a web site , send project specific results to the relevant mailing lists .
Steve has setup
http://rubysmokes.com
( which needs some content ) and will be creating a mailing list soon .
Tom Armitage - Twit4Dead - Scripting Post - Apocalyptic Zombie Fun in Ruby
In Team Fortress ( the game ) your character will automatically point out to a passing medic that you 've been hurt , and the medic will heal you .
The audio acts somewhat like an in - game messaging bus .
Left 4
Dead took this basic idea and built on it ( I hope I understood this basic gaming history correctly , and apologise in advance to avid fans if I wrote it all down wrong ) .
Twitter is also a messaging bus ...
So Tom decided to see if he could make four twitter bots that would talk to each other in a similar manner to Left 4 Dead .
A rather amusing idea .
It 's based on a state machine , for which Tom is using a Ruby library called Alter Ego .
It looks like a very nice way of defining states , and what happens when you transition between them .
He talked us through his code for the bots .
Nicely done , and the results ( see http://icanhaz.com/twit4dead) are rather amusing .
Interesting things that Tom learnt on the way :
Do n't publish to twitter in real - time .
It 's really important that all the messages get through ( presumably so that the resulting twitter conversation makes sense ) , so you have to stagger publishing to twitter .
State machines are great fun , especially when you 're not doing user roles or authentication .
Building stuff that appears to be smart ( but is actually dumb ) is far easier than building something that really is smart .
Chris Lowis - Ruby and the GNU Scientific Library and / or R
R is an interpreted language , influenced in design by Scheme and S. R comes with a runtime that supports graphics , has a debugger , etc .
It 's cross platform ( Mac , Windows and Linux are all supported ) .
R is great for statistical analysis ( correlations , k - means clustering , etc. ) , plotting complex graphs and overlaying data on maps .
By the sounds of it , you name it , R does it .
Unsurprisingly , there are ruby bindings :
$ export R_HOME= / Library / Frameworks / R.framework/Resources
$ sudo gem install rsruby -- --with-R-dir=$R_HOME
The value for R_HOME shown above works on Mac , for Linux you 'll want something like / usr / lib / R .
Be careful not to miss out the two hyphens after rsruby or the = character infront of $ R_HOME .
With RSRuby you can use all the R routines directly from within Ruby code , without knowing the R language .
You can do it from within irb too .
RSRuby converts slice . index into the method slice_index .
Here 's a small example ( the last line -- presumably the one that outputs the PDF -- is missing , as the slide changed just before I got to it , but you get the general idea ) :
require ' rubygems ' require ' rsruby ' r = RSRuby.instance x = r.rnorm ( 10000 ) r.pdf('./plots/histogram.pdf ') r.hist( x , :xlim => [ - 4 , 4 ] , :main => ' 1000 Normal Random Variables ' , : xlab => 'x ' , : ylab => 'y ' , : col => ' lavender ' ) r.dev_off.call
Chris then showed us how to use R to find out whether or not there 's a correlation between how often you tweet , and how many people follow you , analysing the behaviour of the LRUG followers ( one of whom was doing 64 tweets per day ) .
It was a really good demo of what R and RSRuby are capable of ( as you can see from his slides ) .
For more info , try these links :
A great introduction , and I 'll definitely be having a closer look at RSRuby .
I love feedback and questions — please get in touch on Twitter or leave a comment .
# 881349 +( 1923 ) - [ X ] < @Xenon >
You know what the best feeling in the world is ?
< @Xenon >
It is when you have a headache , and you take pills , and you can feel the pain becoming less and less every couple of minutes
< @Xenon >
It 's so satisfying
< @malevolence > you 've clearly never been laid
Neil Cavuto pressed Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele on whether the RNC was going to punish the three Republican Senators -- Olympia Snowe , Arlen Specter and Susan Collins -- who voted for Obama 's economic - stimulus package :
Cavuto : ... What retribution will you exact ?
Steele : Look , my retribution is the retribution of the voters in their states .
They 're going to have to go through a primary in which they 're going to have to explain to those Republican voters in that primary their vote .
Cavuto : I know that , but will you as RNC head recommend no RNC funds being provided to help them ?
Steele :
That is something I will talk to the state parties about and I will follow their lead .
Cavuto :
So in other words , are you open to that , Michael ?
Steele :
Oh yeah , I 'm always open to everything , baby , absolutely .
Cavuto :
So -- by being open to that baby , does that mean you would consider punishing them for that vote ?
Steele :
My responsibility is to follow the lead of the state parties , to get their advice , what their intent is .
Those senators are going to have to account to those voters there .
Researchers at the University of California , San Diego School of Medicine , led by Ajit Varki , M.D. , have shown a new mechanism for how human consumption of red meat and milk products could contribute to the increased risk of cancerous tumors .
Their findings , which suggest that inflammation resulting from a molecule introduced through consumption of these foods could promote tumor growth , are published online this week in advance of print publication in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
Varki , UC San Diego School of Medicine distinguished professor of medicine and cellular and molecular medicine , and co-director of the UCSD Glycobiology Research and Training Center , and colleagues studied a non-human cellular molecule called N - glycolylneuraminic acid ( Neu5 Gc ) .
Neu5 Gc is a type of glycan , or sugar molecule , that humans do n't naturally produce , but that can be incorporated into human tissues as a result of eating red meat .
The body then develops anti-Neu5 Gc antibodies – an immune response that could potentially lead to chronic inflammation , as first suggested in a 2003 PNAS paper by Varki .
" We 've shown that tumor tissues contain much more Neu5 Gc than is usually found in normal human tissues , " said Varki .
" We therefore surmised that Neu5 Gc must somehow benefit tumors . "
It has been recognized by scientists for some time that chronic inflammation can actually stimulate cancer , Varki explained .
So the researchers wondered if this was why tumors containing the non-human molecule grew even in the presence of Neu5 Gc antibodies .
" The paradox of Neu5 Gc accumulating in human tumors in the face of circulating antibodies suggested that a low - grade , chronic inflammation actually facilitated the tumor growth , so we set out to study that hypothesis , " said co-author Nissi M. Varki , M.D. , UCSD professor of pathology .
Using specially bred mouse models that lacked the Neu5 Gc molecule – mimicking humans before the molecule is absorbed into the body through ingesting red meat – the researchers induced tumors containing Neu5 Gc , and then administered anti-Neu5 Gc antibodies to half of the mice .
In mice that were given antibodies inflammation was induced , and the tumors grew faster .
In the control mice that were not treated with antibodies , the tumors were less aggressive
Others have previously shown that humans who take non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( commonly known as NSAIDs ) have a reduced risk of cancer .
Therefore , the mice with cancerous tumors facilitated by anti-Neu5 Gc antibodies were treated with an NSAID .
In these animals , the anti-inflammatory treatment blocked the effect of the Neu5 Gc antibodies and the tumors were reduced in size .
" Taken together , our data indicate that chronic inflammation results from interaction of Neu5 Gc accumulated in our bodies from eating red meat with the antibodies that circulate as an immune response to this non-human molecule – and this may contribute to cancer risk , " said Varki .
Source : University of California - San Diego
Some idiotic scientists at Reading University have developed a robot that is controlled by rat brain cells .
Run for your life !
The neurons are now being taught to steer the robot around obstacles and avoid the walls of the small pen in which it is kept .
By studying what happens to the neurons as they learn its creators hope to reveal how memories are laid down .
As the cells are living tissue , they are kept separate from the robot in a temperature - controlled cabinet in a container pitted with electrodes .
Signals are passed to and from the robot via Bluetooth short - range radio .
The brain cells have been taught how to control the robot 's movements so it can steer round obstacles and the next step , say its creators , is to get it to recognize its surroundings .
Apparently they then plan to disrupt the memories in an attempt to recreate Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's like conditions .
Now I 'm all for the better understanding and curing of disease , but please , for the love of the human race , please be careful you crazy assholes !
One time my mom found a rat in the basement and it was my job to try to beat it to death with a broom .
You know what it did ?
The little f***er bit me .
Now if he had been controlling a BigDog , I 'd have been a goner .
Just saying , have you ever seen The Matrix ?
I have n't , is it worth renting ?
Hit the jump for a short video of the rat - brained robot in action .
Rat - brain robot aids memory studies [ bbcnews ]
Thanks to Dave , Herb , Martin , and Alex , all of whom are smart enough to realize this is not a good idea .
People with a 16 - 25 Railcard save on average £ 189 per year , and the Railcard typically pays for itself within 3 journeys .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 March 11
Lunar X
Credit & Copyright : Jerry Lodriguss ( Catching the Light )
Explanation :
The striking X near the center of this lunarscape is easily visible in binoculars or a small telescope .
Yet , not too many have seen it .
The catch is , this lunar X is only apparent during a four hour period just before the Moon 's first quarter phase .
At the terminator , or shadow line between lunar day and night , the X illusion is produced by a configuration of the craters Blanchinus , La Caille and Purbach .
Near the Moon 's first quarter phase , an astronaut standing close to the craters ' position would see the slowly rising Sun very near the horizon .
Temporarily , the crater walls would be in sunlight while the crater floors were still in darkness .
Seen from planet Earth , contrasting sections of bright walls against the dark floors by chance look remarkably like an X .
This sharp image of the Lunar X was captured at approximately 11:59 UT on March 3 , 2009 .
The Moon 's first quarter phase was at 7:46 UT on March 4 .
C130 had to be blown due to being damaged when landing in Maysan Province Iraq .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Edinburgh home of former Royal Bank of Scotland boss Sir Fred Goodwin has been attacked by vandals .
Windows were smashed and a Mercedes S600 car parked in the driveway was vandalised .
A group angry at bank executives ' pay contacted a newspaper claiming to be behind the early morning attack .
Police said they were investigating these claims as part of their inquiry , adding that they took planned attacks " very seriously " .
There has been widespread public and political anger over a pension payout worth about £ 700,000 a year to the 50 - year - old former chief executive .
Sir Fred took early retirement from RBS last year after the bank needed a £ 20 bn bailout from the government .
Last month , RBS reported that it made a loss of £ 24.1 bn in 2008 - the largest annual loss in UK corporate history .
Windows of the stone villa have been smashed
Brian Taylor on the vandalism Robert Peston on Sir Fred 's pension When Sir Fred stepped down from the post in October , he rejected government pressure to accept a reduction in his package , insisting that changes to the early retirement deal he had negotiated were " not warranted " .
The payout was described as " obscene " and " grotesque " by MPs and " unjustifiable and unacceptable " by Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
It emerged on Wednesday that Treasury Minister Lord Myners has written to the Treasury select committee stating that he did know the value of Sir Fred 's pension in October .
He also pointed out that he had told the committee this in evidence to MPs earlier this month .
It is not known if anyone was in Sir Fred 's house at the time of the attack or who reported the vandalism .
A spokesman for the Royal Bank of Scotland said short - term security arrangements had been put in place at Sir Fred 's Edinburgh home , and that these were still operational during the time of the attack .
The bank would not confirm what these security measures entailed .
However , earlier this month it emerged that the bank was paying about £ 290 per month for security , which included CCTV monitoring of the house and security staff for Sir Fred .
A police car is now guarding the entrance to Sir Fred 's home , in the Grange area of the city .
Three smashed ground - floor windows of the stone villa were clearly visible .
A Mercedes S600 car parked in the driveway was damaged
In the driveway , the rear window of a dark - coloured Mercedes saloon was smashed , as well as the nearside rear passenger window .
There were no obvious signs of activity inside the house .
A statement was issued to Edinburgh 's Evening News newspaper on Wednesday morning by a group which claimed it was behind the attack .
It said : " We are angry that rich people , like him , are paying themselves a huge amount of money , and living in luxury , while ordinary people are made unemployed , destitute and homeless .
" This is a crime .
Bank bosses should be jailed .
This is just the beginning . "
A Lothian and Borders Police spokesman said officers were called out at 0435 GMT .
" Our inquiries are at an early stage and we are appealing for anyone with information about this incident to contact us , " he said .
The police should treat this case as they would any other crime
Mike Pringle
Local MSP
" We are aware that an organisation claiming to be responsible for the vandalism had made contact with media outlets and this also forms part of our inquiry .
" The force takes very seriously any planned attack on any individual or their property .
" We have been in contact with the owner of the property , who was not in the house at the time , and can confirm no one was injured . "
Sir Fred 's local MSP condemned the attack , and said the former banking boss and his family had the right to live without fear of violence .
Liberal Democrat Mike Pringle said : " It is right that we have a debate over the unjustified and unacceptable pension gifted to Mr Goodwin .
It is , however , wrong that his home should be targeted for attack .
" The police should treat this case as they would any other crime . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Story here .
Excerpt :
' A Millington woman who shot and killed her husband with a . 22 - caliber rifle while he made doughnut circles in his own yard in his pickup truck was sentenced to three years of probation .
As part of a negotiated sentence , Linda Abbott , 40 , agreed not to ask Criminal Court Judge John Colton Jr. for diversion , which could have erased the voluntary manslaughter conviction returned by a jury in November .
In return , she will do no jail time if she complies with probation requirements . '
Sneezing may give a lot more away than the fact that someone has a cold .
It could mean he or she is thinking lurid thoughts about sex , say scientists .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Researchers have found evidence that in certain people sneezing can be triggered by sexual fantasy .
The news could lead to raised eyebrows on the bus or train next time a passenger snorts into a tissue .
Both men and women are susceptible to the problem , which may be inherited .
It is thought to be closely linked to the way sunlight can make some people sneeze .
Dr Mahmood Bhutta , an ear , nose and throat specialist at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford , launched the study after seeing a patient who suffered " uncontrollable " sneezing fits every time he had a sexual thought .
" We thought this unusual and performed a literature search of the topic , " he wrote in the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine .
Together with colleague Dr Harold Maxwell , a retired consultant psychiatrist , Dr Bhutta scoured internet chatrooms looking for examples of conversations about sneezing and sex .
Typing the words " sex , sneeze OR sneezing " into Google produced a surprising number of hits .
Seventeen people of both sexes reported sneezing immediately they thought about sex , and three had the same experience after orgasm .
" Although internet reports do not give us an accurate incidence of these phenomena , our findings do suggest that it is much more common than recognised , " wrote Dr Bhutta and Dr Maxwell .
Sneezing usually occurs in response to nasal irritation , triggering a reflex that expels air at speeds of around 150 kilometres an hour .
Eyebrow plucking can also provoke sneezing by stimulating the trigeminal nerve , which produces sensations in the face .
But other more puzzling sneezing triggers are also known , said the researchers .
One was the " photic sneeze reflex " - an apparently inherited sneezing reaction to looking at bright sunlight , which affects almost a quarter of the population .
More rarely , there were cases of people from the same family sneezing after meals .
Dr Bhutta said he believed sneezing when thinking about sex probably ran in families too , but was less likely to be discussed by children and parents .
He added : " It certainly seems odd , but I think this reflex demonstrates evolutionary relics in the wiring of a part of the nervous system called the autonomic nervous system .
" This is the part beyond our control , and which controls things like our heart rate and the amount of light let in by our pupils .
Sometimes the signals in this system get crossed , and I think this may be why some people sneeze when they think about sex . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Climate change lobby grows over 300 percent John Byrne
Published : Wednesday February 25 , 2009
Print This Email This Industry outnumbers environmental , alternative energy advocates 8 - 1
The number of lobbyists seeking to impact national climate change policy has ballooned by more than 300 percent in five years as companies , investment houses and other groups seek to influence the governments response to global warming .
And despite the huge growth in the number of environmental , health and
alternative energy lobbyists , they are outnumbered by industry and
other interests 8 - to - 1 .
Over 770 companies and organizations hired 2,340 lobbyists to push the
federal government on climate change , spending more than $ 90 million
in 2008 , according to a new study by the Center for Public Integrity .
A group of 48 companies seeking to promote coal topped the spending
list last year .
 Money is pouring into Washington on the issue of climate change , 
Center Executive Director Bill Buzenberg said .
The American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity , a group of 48
companies , spent $ 10 million last year lobbying on climate change , more
than any other group focused solely on the issue .
More lobbyists mean greater obstacles for the White House as it seeks
to combat climate change .
 What s also clear is how difficult it will be for the Obama
Administration to get meaningful climate change legislation through
Congress in the face of such an enormous lobbying push by so many
special interests ,  Buzenberg said .
A public relations campaign this winter by the " clean coal " industry
bordered on the bizarre .
Industry representatives created a flash game
that decked out lumps of coal in winter outfits and had them sing
holiday favorites like " Frosty the Coal Man , " " Clean Coal Night " and
" Abundant , Affordable " ( Adeste Fidelis ) .
Greenpeace and the Sierra Club have mocked the clean coal 
technology , which aims to " recapture " carbon produced by burning coal .
President Obama has cheered clean coal as an environmental
breakthrough and a prospect for creating " green jobs , " and featured it
as part of his energy plan on his campaign website .
According to the new report by the non-profit , Washington DC - based
research group :
* In 2003 , 70 percent of the interests weighing in on climate were
energy companies and manufacturers .
But by 2008 , those sectors made up
only 45 percent of the total , despite their strong growth , because so
many new interests had joined in the fray .
* Finance , insurance and investment firms , with virtually no
presence in the climate debate on Capitol Hill in 2003 , last year had
as many lobbyists as alternative energy firms about 130 .
Their
interest is in shaping the rules of a market - based cap - and - trade 
system .
* Cities , counties and public agencies , with a handful of lobbyists
in 2003 , by last year had more than 100 , focused primarily on how
Congress might distribute potential revenue in a climate program .
The report , entitled The Climate Change Lobby includes a searchable
database of climate lobbyists , using disclosure reports filed with the
U.S. Senates Office of Public Records , and profiles of prominent
lobbyists .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
1 cup soy sauce ( La Choy and Tamari Wheat - Free are gluten free ) -- go ahead an use low - sodium if you 'd prefer .
1 cup soy sauce ( La Choy and Tamari Wheat - Free are gluten free ) -- go ahead an use low - sodium if you 'd prefer .
But !
Back to the ribs !
They are the bomb .
And I 'm not just saying that because I 've taken it upon myself to medicate with everything I can get my hands on .
But !
Back to the ribs !
They are the bomb .
And I 'm not just saying that because I 've taken it upon myself to medicate with everything I can get my hands on .
, my eye took it upon herself to grow a buddy .
I have a hive on my EYEBALL .
My left one .
It 's been rather windy here lately , so the pollen count has been absurdly high .
I evidently got some pollen in my eye and since my body is
These are quite possibly the very best ribs I have ever had .
They were so good they made my eyes roll backwards , which is nearly impossible right now because I have a hive on it .
These are quite possibly the very best ribs I have ever had .
They were so good they made my eyes roll backwards , which is nearly impossible right now because I have a hive on it .
The Directions .
I plopped frozen solid beef ribs into the crockpot .
I did n't even think of browning them because I hate cooking before I cook .
I then put the soy sauce , water and brown sugar on top , and threw in the WHOLE ( do n't cut them ! ) jalapenos on top .
Since my ribs were frozen , I cooked them on high for an hour , then used a wooden spoon to smash them down further into the crock .
Then I cooked on low for another 8 hours .
If you are out of the house all day , cook on low .
When you get home , turn the ribs over so the other side gets fully saturated with the most - awesome - liquid - ever while you change clothes and set the table .
We served this with brown rice and green beans .
The Verdict .
The kids ate this !
I am not even lying !
I took pictures , but promised Adam I would n't put them on the Internet -- but they totally ate the meat .
I was brave and tried a jalapeno .
The first bite of just skin was really tasty , but I got the seeds in the next bite and I thought I was going to pass out .
The meat and the sauce were not spicy , they just had a wonderful smoky flavor .
I love these ribs .
The flavor is perfect and it's a fantastic way to have Take Out Fake
Out at home --- you can watch a movie in your jammies and eat yummy Korean ribs -- it does n't get better than that !
On Tuesday night , 100 billionaires will gather at London 's sumptuous Dorchester hotel , to watch Mr Ted Turner in conversation with Ms Carol Vorderman .
Ms Joss Stone will sing , and some model or other will be in attendance .
Can you guess the aim of this evening , which I trust you would cross continents to avoid in the infinitely unlikely event that you had been invited ?
No ?
Then allow me to assist .
The aim is to make the government give tax breaks to the super - rich , in order to tempt them to give the same percentage of income to charity as the poorest 20 % of people in this country already do .
Feel free to be taken unwell .
Initially I assumed the Fortune Forum , for so it is named , was an elaborate living satire , designed to highlight practically everything that is wrong with contemporary life .
Alas , The Fortune Forum is all too real .
It was dreamt up by an heiress called Renu Mehta , as a kind of vaguely benevolent mini-Davos .
It is now in its third year , and has made several donations to the world 's neediest people , including paying one Bill Clinton a rumoured $ 450,000 to address it .
But it is the Fortune Forum 's latest scheme that really impresses .
As the Guardian reported yesterday , Mehta enlisted the Nobel prize winning economist Sir James Mirrlees to come up with a plan to address the shaming statistic that Britain 's richest 20 % donate 0.8 % of their income to charity , while the poorest 20 % give 3 % .
He duly concocted a tax proposal .
To wit : 50 % of money donated towards the UN 's millennium development goals through this scheme would be deducted from an individual or corporation 's tax liability ( which is of course only 40 % or 28 % respectively ) , with the government making up the other 50 % from its aid budget .
Naturally , the super - rich donors would get to decide on what projects their money was spent .
Let 's see that in action , shall we ?
The UK 's total overseas aid budget was £ 4.9bn in 2007 - 2008 .
Mehta suggests her scheme could persuade the super - rich to part with an extra £ 5 bn a year , but of course the government is required to backmatch that notional sum , meaning that the entire aid budget would be swallowed up .
What this means , effectively , is that control over the UK's aid budget would pass from the Department for International Development to a bunch of private individuals .
As the tax campaigner Richard Murphy points out , this is fundamentally undemocratic .
Depressingly , Mirrlees and Mehta have already been granted two meetings with the Treasury , at which they insisted the scheme should be extended to those whose tax affairs are offshore , in effect allowing the use of UK taxpayers ' money to be directed by tax exiles - and giving them tax relief for the privilege .
Did you ever hear anything so defeatist ?
Rather than make a concerted attempt to close down these offshore havens , the Treasury is now considering further enabling them with a cashback scheme because they are too tight to give the same percentage of their wealth to charity as someone in the lowest income bracket .
Allowing this would be a monumental scandal .
One suspects Mirrlees is a Nobel economics laureate much in the same way that Henry Kissinger is a Nobel peace laureate .
Another of his brainwaves is replacing corporation tax with a higher rate of VAT , a move which would shift the tax burden from the rich to the poor .
Yet he will inevitably be lauded for this latest plan by those puffed - up fauxlanthropists who monopolise the aid debate .
And so to our old friend Bono , who this week announced he is displeased at being called a hypocrite for moving his tax affairs to the Netherlands , all the while lobbying the Irish government to increase its aid budget .
As you may recall , the Tax Justice Network estimates that if tax was paid on the money the world 's rich have protected in tax havens , it would raise enough to finance those millennium development goals five times over .
" I can understand how people outside the country would n't understand how Ireland got to its prosperity , " Bono bleated to the Irish Times in the course of promoting his new album , " but everybody in Ireland knows that there are some very clever people in the government and in the revenue who created a financial architecture that prospered the entire nation - it was a way of attracting people to this country who would n't normally do business here .
And the financial services brought billions of dollars every year directly to the exchequer .
What 's actually hypocritical is the idea that then you could n't use a financial services centre in Holland . "
Now that Ireland 's economy has gone belly up , you mean ?
He 's not the brightest , is he ?
At least he 's only parlayed himself into the role of Africa 's messiah .
For Mehta 's part , she keeps waffling that " we have to achieve philanthropic parity " .
As I wrote here last week , philanthropy begins with paying tax , and given the super - rich 's notorious capacity for weaselling out of it , the very last thing we should be slinging their way are further tax breaks , let alone control of aid budgets .
marina.hyde@theguardian.com
The Federal Government 's $ 42 billion economic stimulus package has been sunk in the Senate with independent Nick Xenophon joining the Coalition and voting against it .
The five Greens senators and Family First 's Steve Fielding voted for it but the ballot was tied 35 - all in the Senate , meaning the legislation was defeated .
It means low and middle income workers and families will not get the $ 12 billion in one - off cash bonus payments promised last week by the government and more than $ 28 billion worth of spending on school repairs and upgrades , building new homes and providing free ceiling insulation will not go ahead unless the government can find one more vote .
The government immediately laid the blame with Malcolm Turnbull and the Opposition for voting against the package .
South Australian independent Senator Nick Xenophon demanded $ 5 billion be brought forward from future years to buy back water and improve irrrigation infrastructure along the ailing Murray - Darling Basin .
Zoom are set to release the H4n portable digital recorder later this month .
The H series audio recorders have been a favoured songwriting tool for musicians from across the musical spectrum - from Tony Iommi of Black Sabbath to Marc Ford of Black Crowes and Stevie Jackson of Belle and Sebastian , the clear sound and compact size of the H series has been a must for on - the - road recording .
The new H4n keeps all the best features of the previous models , but with several key updates .
Built - in X/Y stereo condenser microphones , allow for variable recording patterns at either 90° or 120° .
Buy musical instruments now
The Zoom H4n has a large 1.9 - inch LCD screen , an intuitive interface and an onboard reference speaker .
For songwriters , the H4n has a more user - friendly multi-track recording capability along with Hi-Z Inputs for recording guitar and bass , variable speed playback capability for ' phrase training ' , onboard studio effects and over 50 different guitar and bass amp modelling settings .
Also , a new stamina mode enables the H4n to operate continuously for an incredible 10 hours on a single set of AA batteries .
The H4n is perfect for those who gig and travel on a regular basis - a rubberised , shock resistant body for improved chassis protection , all - metal microphone design and a built - in mounting joint for tripod and microphone stand use mean this recorder should
We 're expecting the Zoom H4n to be coming into stock at Gear4music.com soon - keep checking the website for the latest updates .
Save money on Musical Instruments today
The country that gave us Volvos , Saabs and ABBA has developed what it claims is the world 's first fully operational stealth warship that is essentially invisible to radar .
The two Visby - class corvettes will enter service by the end of the year .
They are made from composite materials and use Rolls - Royce water jets to make them electronically undetectable at more than eight miles in rough seas and more than 14 in calm waters .
The ship 's acoustic and optical signatures are lowered by its non-magnetic hull that , like the F - 117 Nighthawk , features large , flat surfaces and sharp angles .
The water jets are 10 to 15 decibels quieter than propellers .
" It 's very hard for a submarine to detect a water jet vessel , " Patric Hjorth , technical manager of the Swedish Defense Materiel Administration , told Naval - Technology.com .
" It has a very different signature from a propeller - driven craft as it fades into the background . "
Sweden has maintained military neutrality since the end of the Napoleonic Wars , but it saw foreign submarines make a spate of incursions into its territorial waters during the 1980s .
That led the government to call for the development of a anti-submarine and mine - hunting vessel that could patrol coastal areas .
The Swedish defense firm Kockums got the job and decided invisibility would be better than invincibility .
" A warship 's survivability can be built on one of two premises : invincibility or invisibility , ' " the company says in a statement ( pdf ) .
" For nations with deep pockets and imposing military budgets , invincibility is the chosen high - ticket objective .
For countries with more limited material resources , the more affordable choice must be invisibility , to which stealth is the obvious path . "
That 's not to say the Visby corvettes lack muscle .
Each is armed with eight anti-ship missiles , three torpedo tubes , multiple grenade launchers , depth charges , submarine homing torpedoes and a fully automatic 57 mm " general purpose " gun .
They 're nimble , too .
The plastic and carbon fiber hull displaces 600 tons of water , about half that of conventional , steel - hulled ships of a similar size .
" The need for agility and a high top speed meant that a light weight was an essential factor , " Hjorth says .
" You actually need waterjets for these vessels , as they 're more efficient than propellers at high speeds . "
The vessels are capable of speeds exceeding 35 knots .
Propulsion comes from two diesel engines and four gas turbines that power a pair of water jets .
Water jets are about 10 to 15 decibels quieter than props , and to further minimize noise the Visbys use impellers with seven blades instead of five .
Some of the components are made of bronze instead of stainless steel to further reduce their magnetic signature .
The original plan called for six Visbys in two classes – one for surface combat and the others for submarine hunting and mine detection – but cutbacks in the early 1990s by the Swedish government cut the fleet to five vessels .
The first was launched in 2000 ; the vessels are being readied for active duty .
The first two will be formally commissioned into active duty later this year .
The U.S. Navy reportedly has expressed interest in them as well .
UPDATE 9:30 p.m. Eastern - several readers have noted that Lockheed built the Sea Shadow for the U.S. Navy in 1985 to test stealth technology .
The U.S. Navy says the ship was for research purposes only , " was never intended to be mission - capable " and did was not designated as a " USS " vessel .
It is listed in the Navy 's inventory as a " miscelaneous craft . "
We 've corrected the headline .
Photos : Kockums .
Worm : W32 / Conficker .AL is a variant of Worm : W32 / Downadup .
A which is able to spread copies of itself over a network using three different methods : file sharing , exploitation of a vulnerability and exploitation of Windows Autorun .
In addition to attempting to connect to remote sites , Conficker .
AL uses stealth techniques to hide its actions , and makes a number of changes to the Windows Registry .
More technical information is also available in the related descriptions :
Installation
Upon execution , Downadup creates copies of itself in :
% System % \[ Random ]
.dll
% Program Files % \Internet Explorer\ [ Random ].dll
% Program Files % \Movie Maker\ [ Random ].dll
% All Users Application Data % \[ Random ]
.dll
% Temp % \[ Random ]
.dll
% System % \[ Random].tmp
% Temp % \[ Random].tmp
Note : [ Random ] represents a randomly generated name .
Each file 's timestamp is amended to match the timestamp of the % System % \kernel 32.dll file .
The worm then creates autorun entries in the registry , which ensure that a copy of the worm is executed at every system startup .
The worm then attach itself to the following processes :
svchost.exe
explorer.exe
services.exe
Activity
The worm disables a number of system features , in order to facilitate its activities .
It disables the following Windows services :
Windows Automatic Update Service ( wuauserv )
Background Intelligent Transfer Service ( BITS )
Windows Security Center Service ( wscsvc )
Windows Defender Service ( WinDefend )
Windows Error Reporting Service ( ERSvc )
Windows Error Reporting Service ( WerSvc )
In addition to disabling these services , it checks to see whether it is running on a Windows Vista machine ; if so , it also runs the following command to disable Windows Vista TCP / IP auto - tuning :
netsh interface tcp set global autotuning =disabled
The worm also hooks the following API 's in order to block access when the user attempts to access a long list of domains :
DNS_Query_A
DNS_Query_UTF8
DNS_Query_W
Query_Main
sendto
If the user attempts to access the following , primarily security - related domains , their access is blocked :
virus
spyware
malware
rootkit
defender
microsoft
symantec
norton
mcafee
trendmicro
sophos
panda
etrust
networkassociates
computerassociates
f-secure
kaspersky
jotti
f -prot
nod32
eset
grisoft
drweb
centralcommand
ahnlab
esafe
avast
avira
quickheal
comodo
clamav
ewido
fortinet
gdata
hacksoft
hauri
ikarus
k7computing
norman
pctools
prevx
rising
securecomputing
sunbelt
emsisoft
arcabit
cpsecure
spamhaus
castlecops
threatexpert
wilderssecurity
windowsupdate
nai
ca
avp
avg
vet
bit9
sans
cert
Propagation ( File Sharing )
To propagate itself , the worm first modifies the following registry entry so that it can spread more rapidly across a network :
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\Tcpip\Parameters" TcpNumConnections " = dword:0x00FFFFFE
The worm uses this driver to speed up its propagation capability , as it modifies the number of half - open connections to a 0x10000000 ( 268435456 ) in memory , a function implemented in % System %\drivers\tcpip.sys .
It checks for a suitable computer around the network using NetServerEnum , then attempts to log on to any found computer with one of the following login credentials :
Using the existing credentials of the infected user account ; if this account does not have admin privileges on the target machine , this operation will not succeed .
Acquiring the list of usernames from the targeted computer using NetUserEnum API , then attempting to log on to the targeted computer using the existing user accounts and one of the following passwords : [ username ] [ username ] [ username ] [ reverse_of_username ] 00000 0000000 00000000 0987654321 11111 111111 1111111 11111111 123123 12321 123321 12345 123456 1234567 12345678 123456789 1234567890 1234abcd 1234qwer 123abc 123asd 123qwe 1q2w3e 22222 222222 2222222 22222222 33333 333333 3333333 33333333 44444 444444 4444444 44444444 54321 55555 555555 5555555 55555555 654321 66666 666666 6666666 66666666 7654321 77777 777777 7777777 77777777 87654321 88888 888888 8888888 88888888 987654321 99999 999999 9999999 99999999 a1b2c3 aaaaa abc123 academia access account Admin admin admin1 admin12 admin123 adminadmin administrator anything asddsa asdfgh asdsa asdzxc backup boss123 business campus changeme cluster codename codeword coffee computer controller cookie customer database default desktop domain example exchange explorer files foobar foofoo forever freedom games home123 ihavenopass Internet internet intranet killer letitbe letmein Login login lotus love123 manager market money monitor mypass mypassword mypc123 nimda nobody nopass nopassword nothing office oracle owner pass1 pass12 pass123 passwd Password password password1 password12 password123 private public pw123 q1w2e3 qazwsx qazwsxedc qqqqq qwe123 qweasd qweasdzxc qweewq qwerty qwewq root123 rootroot sample secret secure security server shadow share student super superuser supervisor system temp123 temporary temptemp test123 testtest unknown windows work123 xxxxx zxccxz zxcvb zxcvbn zxcxz zzzzz
If the worm successfully accesses the network share , it will create a copy of itself to the " ADMIN $ " share as the following :
\\[ Server Host Name ] \ADMIN$ \System32\[ random filename ].[ random extension ]
It then creates a scheduled daily job on the remote server , in order to execute the following command :
rundll32.exe [ random filename ] .[ random extension ] , [ random ]
Propagation ( Autorun )
The worm may create the following files on removable and mapped drives :
% DriveLetter % \RECYCLER\S-%d-%d-%d-
%d
%d%d -
%d
%d%d -%d %d%d-%d\ [ ... ].[ 3 random characters ]
% DriveLetter%\autorun.inf
The autorun file is used as another vector for distributing copies of the worm ; see the description for Worm : W32 / Downaduprun .
A for additional details .
Propagation ( Vulnerability )
The worm is also able to propagate by downloading a copy of itself onto other machines vulnerable to an exploit of the critical MS08 - 067 vulnerability .
To do so , the worm first connects to the following sites to retrieve the system 's % ExternalIPAddress % :
https://checkip.dyndns.org
https://getmyip.co.uk
https://www.getmyip.org
https://www.whatsmyipaddress.com
Next , the worm creates a HTTP server on a random port :
https://%ExternalIPAddress %:%RandomPort %
Creating the HTTP server allows the malware to send out specially crafted packets ( exploit code ) from the infected machine to other machines .
If the exploit is successful , the targeted machine is forced to download a copy of the malware from the first infected machine .
The downloaded malware has one of the following extensions :
bmp
gif
jpeg
png
It then hooks NetpwPathCanonicalize API in order to avoid exploiting the vulnerability further .
Downloads
Downadup is capable of downloading files onto the infected system .
First , the worm connects to one of the following domains to obtain the current system date :
ask.com
baidu.com
google.com
w3.org
yahoo.com
The obtained system date is used to generate a list of domains where the malware can download additional files .
It then verifies whether the current date is at least 1 January 2009 .
If so , it downloads and execute files from :
https://%PredictableDomainsIPAddress%/search?q=%d
Note : % PredictableDomainsIPAddress % is the domain generated based on the system date .
The downloaded file has the format :
[ random ] .tmp
Registry Changes
The worm deletes a number of keys from the registry , in order to deactivate the Security Center Notifications and prevent Windows Defender from starting .
It also bypasses the Windows Firewall by creating the following registry entry , so that the system can download a copy of the worm :
HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\SharedAccess\Parameters\FirewallPolicy\StandardProfile\GloballyOpenPorts\List , [ PortNumber ] : TCP = " [ PortNumber ] : TCP :* Enabled : [ random ] "
Stealth
To hide its presence in the system , the worm deletes any System Restore points created by the user , then modifies the following registry keys :
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\explorer\Advanced\Folder\Hidden\SHO
WALLCheckedValue = dword:00000000
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion \SvcHost , netsvcs = % Previous data % and % Random %
During infection , the worm may create a temporary ( TMP ) file in the the System or Temp folders .
The TMP file created is registered as a service kernel driver using the following registry entry :
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\[random]
Type = dword :00000001 Start = dword :00000003 ErrorControl = dword:00000000 ImagePath = " \...\%MalwarePath % \[ random ] .tmp " DisplayName = [ Random ]
Once the key is created , the file % MalwarePath % \[ random ] .
tmp is deleted .
An interesting change the worm makes to the registry involves the following registry entries :
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\ DisplayName = % ServiceName % Type = dword :00000020 Start = dword :00000002 ErrorControl = dword:00000000 ImagePath = " %SystemRoot%\system32\svchost.exe -k netsvcs " ObjectName = " LocalSystem " Description = % description %
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\[random]
\ParametersServiceDll = % MalwarePath %
In these entries , % ServiceName % represents a two word combination taken from the following list :
By way of ultra-modern , ultra compact housing , Japan ’s Jo Nagasaka and Schemata Architecture has come up with a totally unique , unconventional , futuristic house design that really works !
From the outside , the micro compact Paco House is a tiny cube , measuring three meters square .
The contemporary prefab home boasts a minimal white facade devoid of details , yet it ’s oddly intriguing .
Designed with space efficiency in mind , Paco House was created with a minimal footprint – both physically and environmentally speaking – in order to blend into its environment with little impact to its surroundings .
Because of its small dimensions , Paco does n’t require an infrastructure .
Eighty per cent of the home is manufactured in a plant , allowing for customization to the home and virtually endless possibilities for geographic placement .
Paco
House packs alternative energies into its small but oh - so - sweet design .
This eco-friendly self - contained accommodation features solar and wind energy , water recycling and a biodegradable toilet .
If you cannot resist a peek inside , the home ’s innovative roof flips up to reveal a modern interior .
The movable roof is achieved by hydraulic cylinders , allowing you to sleep under a roof or under the stars without ever leaving the comfort of Paco House .
The interior of Paco House is illuminated using energy - efficient LED lighting .
And when the lights go out , natural light floods the space via the skylight , made of two sheets of glass with air trapped in between to prevent condensation .
Your sleeping quarters – consisting of a hammock – does not require any floor space , further maximizing the micro compact layout .
The hammock is made of an innovative three - dimensional stereoscopic knit that maintains its elasticity and conforms to your body for a restful 40 winks .
If you think a three - meter - square home might not have room for a shower , think again .
The shower in Paco House is built into the overall design with a movable , sheer , waterproof partition wall that separates the spray from the living areas .
This space - saving shower also houses the toilet .
The inventive toilet is installed beneath the floor , so when it ’s not in use , it is concealed and out of the way , opening up more room for livable space .
The home ’s kitchen area is made of 10 mm acrylic , and is attachable to the side door .
Swing open the door and your kitchen is now your outdoor barbecue area .
If you ’ve ever tried fitting a dining table in a small space , you ’ll know if not an easy task .
Paco
House features a table that , when not in use , is concealed beneath the floor .
When dinner time rolls around , the table can be lifted with a simple 90 - degree turn of the handle .
The unique use of under - floor space makes this modern house design work .
Apart from concealing the kitchen table and toilet , the floor also hides additional sleeping space and a storage area .
And this wonderful , innovative floor itself is made of painted epoxy .
The Paco House is available in four basic plans .
Plan A features the kitchen , shower , shower curtains , bathroom , epoxy painted floor and ceiling lighting at a total price of 6,300,000 yen .
Plan B boasts a kitchen , epoxy painted floor and ceiling lighting at a price of 5,250,000 yen .
Plan C features the epoxy painted floor and ceiling lighting for 4,725,000 yen .
Plan D is the home ’s basic shell , which you can customize to your needs and interests , selling for 4,200,000 yen .
Paco House and Schemata Architecture
via What We Do Is Secret
Tags
[ This talk was given at the 2009 Jeremy Davis Mises Circle in Houston .
An MP3 audio file of this talk is available for download . ]
We are fortunate to be living in these times , for we are seeing the unfolding of events long explained and predicted by the Austrian tradition .
Maybe that sounds implausible .
What is fortunate about our times ?
The economy is tanking , stocks have been pummeled , unemployment is rising , and Washington is pursuing the worst combination of economic policies since Hoover and FDR .
Nor does the new guy in charge seem to have a clue about the limits of what government can do .
Consider what it means to live through our times in the light of economic understanding .
Even in the face of calamity , there is no mystery , and hence fear is reduced .
You look at department stores going belly - up , and you know why .
You see parking lots empty , and you know the reason .
You have friends losing their jobs , and there is clarity concerning the cause .
You see depositors in failing banks lose their money , and you are not surprised .
Prices behave in ways that shock and surprise everyone else , but you know what 's what .
In many ways , it is like watching the movement of stars and planets with the scientific knowledge provided by astronomy — or observing the effects of a plague with medical knowledge .
Without the understanding , the events look mysterious , like a curse from the gods , and their patterns appear random .
With the knowledge , with the understanding , we can make sense of the events .
Patterns of cause and effect emerge .
You see events before they happen , like turning the page of a script before the movie catches up to you .
This gives you a sense of intellectual coherence and inner peace — even in the midst of calamity .
If you read what Mises wrote during the Great Depression and World War Two , you can see firmness of conviction and steadfast calm , even as the whole world was going nuts .
Intellectual clarity is the key to seeing the right things and doing the right things .
It is a matter of knowing the shape of things even before the things take shape .
Knowledge provides a means of curing the ill .
It provides a way out , an answer that gives hope .
This is a major reason why people with an Austrian understanding in the midst of financial meltdown keep their wits about them .
Yes , it is more than frustrating to see people in Washington spending trillions in a futile effort to repeal economic law .
It is sheer madness that they are creating vast quantities of new dollars by means of the Fed 's power , even with evidence from the whole of human history that new money only waters down the value of the old , and does nothing to provide a long - term boost to the economy , and much to further distort economic structures .
It 's like watching as barbers bleed patients in the name of curing them , or bringing in the witch doctors to cast out demons from people with the flu .
But even if our knowledge of events cannot stop what these people are doing for now , it provides us with a sense of solace in the face of disaster .
We can keep our heads , even as others run around as if theirs had been cut off .
In order to understand events , there is no substitute for doing what the media and most economists refuse to do , which is to look at the big picture and the long view , over decades .
It is a matter of applying the rule that Henry Hazlitt brings home so clearly in Economics in One Lesson : economics consists in looking at the effects of policies not on one group but on all groups , not only in the short run but also in the long run .
From the long - run point of view , we observe an intriguing illustration of the Austrian warning against ever attempting to bail out an economy that is pushing toward recession .
In 2001 , the economy wanted to go into recession but the government would n't let it happen .
It was the first stimulus package in the new millennium , consisting of vast new funding and vast money creation , with the Fed driving down rates and keeping them rock bottom .
If you look at the short run , it seems that it worked .
But looking at the long run , we can see that the attempt to forestall recession only ended up creating a bigger disaster down the line .
Something very similar happened in the short recession of 1991 .
Clinton came to power and shortened the recession , which only created another bubble in financials that broke and so on , until we are where we are today .
Arguably the last time that a recession was permitted to run its course was following the crack - up boom in the end of the Carter years , as a result of Nixon 's inflation .
Reagan came to power , with Carter 's choice of Volcker at the Fed .
Reagan ignored the crying from Congress and the press .
He let interest rates rise ; the federal - funds rate was 20 % and prime was at 21.5 % in 1982 .
Unemployment reached nearly 11 % .
Inflation fell from 13.5 % in 1980 to 3.2 % in 1983 .
If we include the S&L debacle in this , it was a nearly total blowout , and if Reagan had left it at that , it would have been a model for how to deal with recessions .
There is pain and suffering .
But wait it out and you have a fertile ground on which to build a solid prosperity .
Sadly , you also produce a solid financial footing that invites the government to abuse the system , as Reagan did with record spending and deficits .
If we want to look back even further to find better examples of how to handle recession , we can look at 1920 and 1921 .
The less the government did , the better the results long term .
Murray Rothbard 's own dissertation on the Panic of 1819 is an interesting case .
He took a look at a pure case in which nothing was done to fix a problem .
The problem went away .
What was notable about this panic is precisely that it never made the history books .
It did n't because the government did n't make it worse .
In the months ahead , we are going to witness more of these ridiculously futile attempts to patch up a failing economy , and we are going to pay a big price this time .
It wo n't be like 2001 or 1992 .
We will be lucky if it ends up like 1978 – 1982 .
More likely , it is going to be worse — and how much worse depends on just how stupid the Obama administration is going to be .
It is hard to imagine that these people will be worse than Bush , but it could happen .
We all must deal with the possible death of the dollar .
Many plans have been proposed through the years that would restore the gold dollar , and many have merit .
They all provide a means to go back to gold .
While they are not lacking in technical detail , they are lacking in something that they can't provide : the political will to do the right thing .
They are all premised on the idea that our leaders might be interested in doing the right thing .
But the same people that would be in charge of implementing the reform are the very ones who got us into this mess .
It is hard enough in the course of regular life to get anyone to admit an error and reverse course .
In politics , it virtually never happens .
Even in the case of egregiously immoral effects , the political class persists in error , mainly because it is more interested in saving itself than saving society .
Guido Hülsmann points out in his new book , The Ethics of Money Production , that " governments inflate the money supply because they gain revenue from inflation . "
This is hardly a new insight .
Hülsmann quotes the 14th - century Bishop Nicholas Oresme as follows :
I am of the opinion that the main and final cause of why the prince pretends the power of altering the coinage is that profit or gain which he can get from it ; it would otherwise be vain to make so many and so great changes … .
Besides , the amount of the prince 's profit is necessarily that of the community 's loss .
The techniques are different today , but the incentive and moral result are the same .
Hülsmann points to another change : today 's princes have " received absolution from the scientific authorities of our day . "
Princes used to work in secret to do these things , and be disgraced when caught .
Now they announce the policy as responsible statecraft that is consistent with the teaching of modern economics — and the economists stand ready to nod their heads in agreement .
" The political class persists in error , mainly because it is more interested in saving itself than saving society . "
In the face of this , it is time to deal with political reality that no one in Washington ( except Ron Paul ) is even slightly interested in : an orderly plan to restore sound money .
And yet the problems of fiat money and financial collapse cannot go unaddressed .
What 's more , the institutions of fiat money are failing , and this fact will be undeniably obvious to everyone in a matter of years .
We will look back on the end of the Bush administration as an economic disaster , a capstone of many years of horrible foreign policy moved to domestic policy .
They will be disgraced , as will the new administration that pursued all the wrong policy measures as a response .
The new messiah will face the same reality that the old one did .
No amount of bluster , political will , determined speeches , and money flowing from the printing press can get around the problem of economic reality .
In an essay written at the end of his career , and recently brought back to life by the Mises Institute , F.A. Hayek discusses the only serious means of reform that is open to us .
We must completely abolish the central bank .
Money itself must be wholly untied from the state .
It must be restored as a private good , privately produced for private markets .
Government must have no role at all in monetary affairs .
Money should be produced by private enterprise alone .
Banks must exist only as free - enterprise institutions , with no privileges from the state .
This plan has also been advanced by Ron Paul .
What strikes me is how this accords precisely with what Hülsmann writes .
His book on the Ethics of Money Production ends with a call for an end to all intervention in monetary affairs .
Coinage must be private .
Banking must receive no privileges .
There should be no legal - tender laws , no guarantees , no restrictions on currency use — a fully laissez - faire system .
What is further striking about the Hayek , Hülsmann , and Paul idea here is that they offer no plan for restoring a gold dollar .
It 's not that they would disagree with the idea , but they have fully confronted the reality that the idea of converting the existing currency from fiat money to sound money is essentially a 19th - century ideal that presupposes an enlightened class of political managers .
This condition is not met today .
But what is the means ?
It is the same as we propose in every other area of national life : get the government out .
Let the people be free to manage their own affairs .
Stop interfering with commercial acts between consenting adults .
Stop using violence to interfere with economic affairs .
Let the people pursue mutually beneficial exchange based on their own self - assessment of the advantages .
Let property owners accept the risk and reward for their own decisions .
It is the same with monetary policy and banking policy too .
Let failing banks die .
Let profitable banks live .
Let the people choose to use any form of money .
Let the people choose any means of payment .
Let entrepreneurs create any form of financial instrument .
Law applies only the way it applies to all other human affairs : punishing force and fraud .
Otherwise , the law should have nothing to do with it .
What would be the results ?
We can not know for sure .
But history can be a guide in our speculations .
Throughout all time and in all places , precious metals have emerged as the foundation of the monetary system .
I think we can have every expectation that the same would be true today .
Evidence comes from how people turn to gold in difficult times as a store of value , a safehouse from the machinations of government .
Gold , in my view , is destined to be the foundation of a new free - market monetary system .
" The idea of converting the existing currency from fiat money to sound money is essentially a 19th - century ideal that presupposes an enlightened class of political managers . "
To this extent , and with this expectation , all believers in liberty can consider themselves advocates of the gold standard .
But we must also be careful with this phrase .
It is identified with a particular set of policies associated with 19th - century practice .
It was a policy choice among many that some favored and some opposed .
A free - market monetary system of the future will not be a policy option in this sense .
It is not something we want the government to adopt as its own .
In fact , we do n't want the government to adopt any particular policy but rather abandon the policy option altogether .
There should be no policy at all in the sense that this word is routinely used today .
In this way , a path forward in money and banking is no different from the path forward in agriculture , labor , health care , education , or any other sector .
The right policy is no policy .
The job of the government is to stop interfering altogether .
Now , I 'm aware that this is a big intellectual leap these days .
But you only need to consider the myriad ways in which government fails at everything it attempts , whereas the market succeeds .
There is nothing about the structure of the universe that confers upon money and banking any special status that requires the government to regulate it , to serve as a lender of last resort , the marker of money , the guarantor of stability , or anything else .
A free market in money would work the same as a free market in everything else .
And consider :
We are not asking Congress to intervene with a plan .
No one is demanding that the Fed adopt this policy as versus that policy .
All we are asking is that it not intervene in the attempts by the market to fix the problems that have been created by the central bank and the executive department .
Just imagine what would happen if legal - tender laws were repealed and the government stopped intervention in the market for money .
Virtually overnight , we would see the appearance of hundreds if not thousands of new payment systems and alternative monies online .
Merchants would be free to accept any means of payment .
There would be intense competition among them .
Some would be foreign currencies like the Euro .
Some would be new currencies based on existing commodities such as gold and silver .
I 'm certain that we would see a period of wild experimentation take place before the market settled back down again into a standard system that was famed for its reliability and stability and honesty .
Would we be able to endure the process of discovery ?
Certainly .
We do this every day with our shopping online , or searches for good providers of services and products in the physical world , and our habits on how to invest our money .
The market is a process of trial and error , one that never stops innovating and changing .
We see everyday on the World Wide Web how this process of creation and change create the right balance between chaos and order , experimentation and standardization .
This would happen in the field of money too .
" Economic forces pay no attention to the wishes of charismatic leaders and their throngs of adoring followers . "
In fact , it might have happened already had the feds not intervened to stop the rise of alternative payment systems online .
Walmart might have already entered the banking sector .
We might have a wide variety of currencies available to us .
Google might already have created its own currency based on any number of goods .
We might see a more elaborate use of barter in the online world taking shape , and that barter slowly converting itself into currency .
This might be based on Google ad points , on PayPal dollars , or some other currency .
Had a free market been permitted to develop over the last ten years , we might have an option today .
As it is , we are being forced to stay with a failing dollar system .
What we 've been hearing from Washington is that the economy and this country will be patched up by sheer force of will .
If we have hope and work together , anything is possible .
There is only one thing standing in the way of this wish .
It is called economics .
Economic reality is more than a brick wall .
It is like the sea or the world 's tallest mountain , or like the force of gravity itself .
Economic forces pay no attention to the wishes of charismatic leaders and their throngs of adoring followers .
However , there is a kernel of truth in the idea that the force of will can make a difference .
Transfer this hope and will outside the institutions of government and into the free market — let experimentation and innovation take place under conditions of freedom — and we will begin to see the emergence of an answer .
We need the government merely to let the market be free of political violence , and we will begin to see our way out of this mess .
The government today is marshalling every resource and every means at its disposal to prop up a failing system of the past .
Meanwhile , we live in completely new times .
These new times are characterized by an international division of labor , global capital flows , digital information delivery , and the slow but systematic destruction of the establishment in media , banking , and finances .
What is emerging to replace them is something that no government on the planet can stop .
Markets will not be crushed and they resist control as never before .
These new times are not the 1930s when a few eggheads in Washington could set most prices and wages and gather the captains of industry to cobble together business cartels .
The economic and financial world moves at the speed of light and is so diffuse that no political authority can act quickly enough to control it .
The establishment is going down .
This is another reason that all believers in freedom have reason to rejoice today .
Twelve to 18 months from now , it will be obvious that there is nothing the new administration can do to patch things up .
Obama will be humbled by the market just as Bush and Clinton were before him , but this time the humbling will overwhelm any attempts to patch things up or put a spin on the much - needed upheaval .
Yes , there is suffering , and there will be more to come .
But as a student of the Austrian School and a student of the history of liberty , you have the confidence and clarity to see that freedom alone provides the answers .
It is the time for calm in the face of a storm that few fully understand .
Let us , as advocates of freedom , be steadfast , rational , clear , and focused on the long term .
Be of good cheer and never stop pointing to the truth about freedom .
The answer is not the Left nor the Right nor the state .
The way out of this mess is freedom .
It is time we defer to it , and to the revolution in the status quo that freedom implies , and give up pretending as if any politician can finally stop it .
Amid a raging gang war in Metro Vancouver that is widely believed to be over control of the illegal drug market , a new Angus Reid Strategies poll shows that half of Canadians endorse the legalization of marijuana .
The survey results , released on March 5 , also show that 64 percent of respondents in British Columbia want cannabis to be legalized .
However , the same poll found that less than eight percent of Canadians favour the legalization of hard drugs such as cocaine or crystal meth .
B.C. solicitor general John van Dongen was among the guests at the March 1 private screening of A Warrior ’s Religion , a documentary dealing with gangs in the South Asian community .
“ That is a federal issue and certainly the Conservative government has made their position clear that they ’re not going there , ” van Dongen told the Straight in an interview in the lobby of the Rio Theatre in East Vancouver , when asked if legalization is being contemplated .
“ They ’re looking at strengthening the legislation the Criminal Code , ” van Dongen added .
The Angus Reid Strategies survey shows that there is high support among Canadians for toughened criminal legislation against gang activity .
“ They ’ve made some announcements in the last few days and the British Columbia government looks forward to working with the federal government and all the opposition parties to strengthen the compliance with the law with respect to gun and gang violence , ” van Dongen said .
Other results of the Angus Reid Strategies survey :
”¢ Almost half of Canadians ( 48 % ) oppose the Stephen Harper government ’s decision to scrap the previous government ’s marijuana decriminalization legislation .
” ¢ A majority ( 51 % ) also rejects the elimination of harm - reduction programs , such as supervised injection sites and needle - exchange programs .
”¢ Nine in 10 respondents support the introduction of a National Anti-Drug Strategy .
The on - line survey was conducted among 1,007 Canadian adults from February 26 to 27 .
It is considered to have a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 .
By Tom Esslemont
BBC News , Tbilisi
The patriarch is revered by many in Georgia
Two years after having one of the lowest birth rates in the world , Georgia is enjoying something of a baby boom , following an intervention from the country 's most senior cleric .
At the end of 2007 , in a move to reverse the Caucasian country 's dwindling birth figures , the head of the Georgian Orthodox Church , Patriarch Ilia II , came up with an incentive .
He promised to personally baptise any baby born to parents of more than two children .
There was only one catch : the baby had to be born after the initiative was launched .
The results are , in the words of the Georgian Orthodox Church , " a miracle " .
Easy decision
The country 's birth rate increased by nearly 20 % during 2008 - a rate four times faster than the previous year .
Many parents say they took the decision to have another child on the basis of the Patriarch 's incentive .
Giorgi and Pati Bluashvili have just had their fourth child .
He is a boy called Giviko .
He has big blue eyes and a loud laugh .
As I try to interview his mother he takes delight at interrupting by babbling away .
Pati says the decision to have another child was an easy one .
The Bluashvili family have taken part in the programme " There 's no doubt in my mind that we had Giviko because of the Patriarch 's incentive , " she says .
" When he announced that he would baptise any child born to parents with at least two children already we could not resist the opportunity to have another baby .
To have a child baptised by the Patriarch is so very special . "
Many other parents agree .
It is perhaps not surprising in a country where more than 80 % of people follow the Orthodox faith .
On a Thursday afternoon , dozens of parents are queuing up outside a registry office in central Tbilisi to put their child 's name down for the Patriarchal mass baptism .
The ceremonies take place four times a year .
Scribbling down the name of her three - month - old boy , Nino - a young mother - says it is an honour to be contributing to the task of boosting birth rates .
" The Patriarch did a really good thing launching this initiative , " she says .
" I am sure that most parents decided to have more babies because of him .
If his Holiness baptises your child it means he becomes his or her godfather and that is such an honour . "
No surprise
The next baptism is scheduled for early April , when thousands of mums , dads and their children will cram into Tbilisi 's biggest church , the Sameba Cathedral .
The babies will be briefly dipped into a gigantic inflatable font after receiving a blessing from his Holiness , Ilia II .
Irakli Kadagishvili says the Patriarch 's incentive has worked The Patriarch plays a very influential role in Georgian society .
Many see him as the most authoritative figure in their life .
But to Church insiders , the increased birth rates come as no surprise .
" Faith is getting stronger , " says Irakli Kadagishvili , a spokesman for the Patriarch Foundation , a movement set up to promote the interests of the Church .
" The Patriarch is seen not only as a religious figure , but also as a national authority .
When he saw the need to increase the birth rate he only had to provide an incentive .
It was the only stimulus most parents needed if they were already thinking about having more children . "
The Church is taking the credit for the sudden trend in having babies .
But there are other factors to consider , including economic ones .
Who is now creating families ?
People who five years ago were out of work
Giorgi Vashadze
head of Georgian civil registry
The head of Georgia 's civil registry , Giorgi Vashadze , has been monitoring the recent figures .
He tells me that the jump from 48,000 in 2007 to 57,000 in 2008 can , in part , be explained by the Patriarch 's incentive , but also by the rise in average household incomes .
" Who is now creating families ?
People who five years ago were out of work , " he says .
" Previously , they had no income .
They could not get married .
Today they are working .
They have salaries .
They are maybe not as high as in [ other ]
European countries but they are quite normal for Georgia .
So I think this is a major factor . "
In a country which early last year boasted of having economic growth rates of 7.9 % there is little doubt that economic factors may have played a role in bringing on the baby boom .
But the role of the Church cannot be underestimated in Georgia .
Twenty years ago , just before Georgia gained independence from the Soviet Union , the Orthodox religion was all but suppressed in the country .
Now it is more than clear that the faith has never been stronger .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OAKLAND , California ( Reuters ) - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger will notify up to 20,000 state employees on Friday their jobs will be eliminated if lawmakers fail by then to balance the budget by closing a shortfall of more than $ 40 billion , a spokesman said on Tuesday .
The cuts would fall mostly on employees with low seniority in departments funded by the state ’s general fund , whose revenues have plunged in recent months because of the housing downturn , rising unemployment and the sharp pullback in consumer spending .
“ In the absence of a budget , the governor has to do everything in his authority to try to save the state money , ” said Aaron McLear , a spokesman for Schwarzenegger .
California ’s financial situation has become so dire that the state ’s government is on the brink of running out of cash unless its budget deficit is plugged this month .
Negotiations between Schwarzenegger and top lawmakers to close the gap have been moving slowly over several weeks while the state ’s cash account has steadily emptied .
Schwarzenegger ’s layoff threat stunned Democrats who control the legislature .
Their top two leaders along with the legislature ’s top two Republicans have been holding so - called “ Big Five ” negotiations with the Republican governor to hammer out a budget agreement that would close the shortfall in the current fiscal year along with the next year ’s projected deficit , which combined totals more than $ 40 billion .
“ We want to avert the layoffs and our plan is to take something ( a budget vote ) up on the floor by the end of this week , ” said Alicia Trost , a spokeswoman for state Senate President pro Tem Darrell Steinberg .
“ We ’re confident that by the end of the week we ’ll have a budget , ” Trost said .
“ The ‘ Big Five ’ process is coming to a close . ”
To conserve cash , public works projects in California have been halted and tax refunds have been postponed .
Additionally , vendors to the state have been told to expect notes promising payments instead of actual payments , state employees are being furloughed for two days a month and payments to counties for state - mandated services may be withheld .
The financial chaos in Sacramento , the capital of the most populous U.S. state , has become so worrisome on Wall Street that Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services earlier this month downgraded $ 46 billion of the state ’s general obligation bonds , a move setting the stage for similar actions by Moody ’s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings , according to analysts .
S&P cut its rating on California ’s general obligation debt , which is backed by the state ’s general fund , to “ A ” from “ A+ , ” putting the state , the biggest U.S. issuer of public debt , at risk of increased borrowing costs .
" We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is to survive . "
Why Socialism ?
By Albert Einstein
Delivered - To : tomnic@huppi.com
Received : by 10.237.34.92 with SMTP id o28csp4527493qtc ; Tue , 19 Dec 2017 14:33:34 - 0800 ( PST ) X - Google - Smtp - Source : ACJfBos3RcOA96LNrQGyJVB7Q5wOxE5G3Xie6n9X7Zv/wCPpDIv9N5aTP/8Aigo1CTT1BysSrBsK
X- Received : by 10.84.234.193 with SMTP id i1mr4690142plt.146.1513722814179 ; Tue , 19 Dec 2017 14:33:34 - 0800 ( PST ) ARC - Seal : i=1 ; a=rsa-sha256 ; t=1513722814 ; cv=none ; d=google.com ; s=arc-20160816 ; b=foyrpeIDpg1WawflmJOLrnffH/pGD4r6imILO8Kdys5x1O+Gvrmy/oC9IeflcPGnt1 iHP4GAlqGP94+zysJ9NWeumTkcDJ611Js0whuLluMJEh3uyuebZIJZCqYX/wHiRnzh0x 0M/nXvpCxI1GvB3XM5Ef+SoUMPU2iGGstY90ZbJ1V572oscJ2h4wytx0LatGBESw/vfq ck4HyIP4zzBwUqUifh/aJMkKdkQ6TNyCXICprkwtIHfy0i4ZYjVXbWFq/e547u9+/PkX l6WFHIJ3k2Ha3Mnx3OssenG2VvN6L8+46Ovblk5ywcU/3YnflZ9kwj4KAoLgivOQMmyY
F22Q== ARC - Message - Signature : i=1 ; a=rsa-sha256 ; c=relaxed / relaxed ; d=google.com ; s=arc-20160816 ; h=to:cc:date:message-id:subject:mime-version :content-transfer-encoding:from:dkim-signature :arc-authentication - results ; bh=lbv/Rb6S+Isxh/nYapis4nGPwjJMDsxTu2tQjiGcUgA= ; b=C6jxiGwIJJZVFWGX2JatyiZkpJJa+CJqrm50+TTzZu/HHSBvWeFEBeSoWX9/Kf0DzR pxNdNkIgsmFlFwJyHBo72JZAJPsnqGNDHE0e72P3ta3l3wgOMUsYZ65aDB0jxSI5zOoi HOfnjCwt16UuXYXA/ZidDv4zVQ+isTIV9
jBIY3zlCNQ1hYdV38Xg47JMdI/bveGLtjIG
D6F9NLvPHSOwOd20yixmyFWRbCG8H+Itjh61ubBcwmTiU0dlFZ+sYlvFHlJuINLmOS8I TUgRxBdB97VBlz2OzVsusJPHjMa2t4CNAxYImq2WobZuTZuwr8oE4FRlILQGEZpehRqa
TDtQ== ARC - Authentication - Results : i=1 ; mx.google.com ; dkim=pass header.i=@monthlyreview.org header.s=default header.b=aCneKRwX ; spf=pass ( google.com : domain of jamil@monthlyreview.org designates 104.193.172.221 as permitted sender ) smtp.mailfrom=jamil@monthlyreview.org
Return - Path : Received : from ded.monthlyreview.org ( [ 104.193.172.221 ] ) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id p16si119299pgc.553.2017.12.19.14.33.33 for ( version=TLS1_2 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256 bits=128/128 ) ; Tue , 19 Dec 2017 14:33:34 - 0800 ( PST ) Received - SPF : pass ( google.com : domain of jamil@monthlyreview.org designates 104.193.172.221 as permitted sender ) client - ip=104.193.172.221 ; Authentication - Results : mx.google.com ; dkim=pass header.i=@monthlyreview.org header.s=default header.b=aCneKRwX ; spf=pass ( google.com : domain of jamil@monthlyreview.org designates 104.193.172.221 as permitted sender ) smtp.mailfrom=jamil@monthlyreview.org
DKIM - Signature : v=1 ; a=rsa- sha256 ; q=dns/txt ; c=relaxed / relaxed ; d=monthlyreview.org ; s=default ; h=To : Cc:Date : Message - Id : Subject : Mime - Version : Content - Transfer - Encoding : Content - Type : From:Sender:Reply-To:Content-ID : Content - Description : Resent - Date : Resent - From : Resent - Sender : Resent - To: Resent-Cc : Resent - Message - ID : In - Reply - To: References : List - Id : List - Help : List - Unsubscribe : List - Subscribe : List - Post : List - Owner : List - Archive ; bh=lbv/Rb6S+Isxh/nYapis4nGPwjJMDsxTu2tQjiGcUgA= ; b=aCneKRwXe2+8ST68NCAMD4BPyG
lRQp1D3SgJqSWeP+6iStlS8CFZMUV9PtxbKEs9OR6ZYWwTFYFHpHcZPhJXHG+o0
Tmpw9cO0W47CUo btzoF1sJnFlh+IM6wCQmc0KYswZOeAgbG8uWHcESXPgRplWeYkNbacIKu60lv3KwRGeU= ; Received : from 50-246-227-233-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net ( [ 50.246.227.233]:54895 helo= [ 10.1.10.83 ] ) by ded.monthlyreview.org with esmtpsa ( TLSv1.2:ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384:256 ) ( Exim 4.89_1 ) ( envelope - from ) id 1eRQS4-00023y - Py ; Tue , 19 Dec 2017 17:33:32 - 0500 From : Ryan Jamil Jonna Content - Type : text / plain ; charset=us-ascii Content - Transfer - Encoding : quoted - printable Mime - Version : 1.0 ( Mac OS X Mail 11.2 \( 3445.5.20 \ ) )
Subject : DMCA TAKEDOWN NOTICE for document http://www.huppi.com/kangaroo/Einstein.htm
Message - Id : Date : Tue , 19 Dec 2017 14:33:30 - 0800 Cc : John Bellamy Foster , John Mage To : tomnic@huppi.com , abuse@pairdomains.com X - Mailer : Apple Mail ( 2.3445.5.20 ) X - AntiAbuse :
This header was added to track abuse , please include it with any abuse report X - AntiAbuse : Primary Hostname - ded.monthlyreview.org X- AntiAbuse : Original Domain - huppi.com X- AntiAbuse : Originator / Caller UID / GID - [ 47 12 ] / [ 47 12 ] X - AntiAbuse : Sender Address Domain - monthlyreview.org X - Get -Message - Sender -Via : ded.monthlyreview.org : authenticated_id : jamil@monthlyreview.org X- Authenticated - Sender : ded.monthlyreview.org : jamil@monthlyreview.org
Attn : Copyright Agent , huppi.com Pursuant to 17 USC 512( c ) ( 3 ) ( A ) , this communication serves as a statement t= hat : =091 .
Monthly Review Foundation is the exclusive rights holder for ' Why Soc= ialism ? ' by Albert Einstein .
https://monthlyreview.org/2009/05/01/why-socia= lism = 20 =092 .
These exclusive rights are being violated by material available upon = your site at the following URL ( s ) : http://www.huppi.com/kangaroo/Einstein.h= tm =093 .
I have a good faith belief that the use of this material in such a fa= shion is not authorized by the copyright holder , the copyright holder 's age= nt , or the law ; =094 .
Under penalty of perjury in a United States court of law , I state tha= t the information contained in this notification is accurate , and that I am= authorized to act on the behalf of the exclusive rights holder for the mat= erial in question ; =095 .
I may be contacted by the following methods ( include all ) : Email : adm= in@monthlyreview.org ; Phone : ( 212 ) 691-2555 ( Contact : Martin Paddio ) ; Addre= ss : Monthly Review Foundation , 134 W 29TH ST STE 706 , New York , NY , 10001 - 5= 304 .
I hereby request that you remove or disable access to this material as it a= ppears on your service in as expedient a fashion as possible .
Thank you .
Regards , /s/ Jamil Jonna Email : jamil@monthlyreview.org Associate Editor for Production , Monthly Review Foundation
Help Fight the Right ! -- Support Liberalism Resurgent .
Video :
Take a video tour of the Aptera factory
Clean , green and in production ( Image : Aptera ) ( Image : Aptera ) ( Image : Aptera ) ( Image : Aptera )
see more images of the Aptera
Electric vehicles are all the rage , but few have pushed the design envelope as far as the Aptera Typ - 1 , which hits the streets of California in December .
Aptera Motors claims that its vehicle can travel up to 190 kilometres on a single charge , aided by roof - mounted solar cells .
The vehicle , which is officially classified as a motorbike , will sell for $ 27,000 .
A petrol / electric hybrid version with a longer range is due to …
Efforts to reduce the multiple birth rate are also sources of tension in the industry .
One cycle of in vitro fertilization costs about $ 12,000 .
Women who are not successful the first time often try again and again , which can push the cost of having a baby to more than $ 100,000 .
Because the technology is often not covered by insurance , doctors say they are constantly urged by patients to implant extra embryos .
One woman , a nurse who could afford only one try at in vitro , pressured Dr. Chiu to transfer eight embryos .
“ I said under one condition , ” Dr. Chiu remembered .
“ I made her sign an agreement that she would do selective reduction . ”
That agreement , to remove some of the embryos if they lived , was very likely unenforceable .
But in the end it worked out .
Only one embryo survived , and the woman gave birth to a healthy child , he said .
Dr. Chiu said that a situation in which he would implant eight embryos would be a rarity , adding , “ I do n’t think any doctor would try to make a multiple pregnancy . ”
Ms. Suleman now has 14 children born through in vitro fertilization .
In the NBC interview , she identified the clinic where she received her treatment as the West Coast IVF Clinic in Beverly Hills , Calif. , which Dr. Kamrava runs .
Dr. Kamrava did not return telephone calls seeking comment .
Ms. Suleman said in the interview that she was aware of the risks of multiple births , but that she wanted to use all the embryos available to her .
The treatment involves removing eggs from a woman ’s ovaries , combining them with sperm in a laboratory , and implanting the resulting embryos in the woman ’s uterus .
( In some cases the eggs come from a donor . )
The number of embryos implanted is often a judgment call and can make a big difference in a pregnancy ’s outcome .
Image Nadya Suleman , and her fertility specialist , Dr. Michael Kamrava , who is being investigated to determine whether accepted standards of medical practice were violated .
Credit ... Left , Paul Drinkwater / NBC ; right , Nick Ut / Associated Press
“ Every single decision we make about embryo transfers is a tough one , because we do n’t have a crystal ball , ” said Dr. Jeffrey M. Steinberg , who runs the Fertility Institutes , a group of fertility clinics based in Southern California .
Christian Bale went crazy berserk on Peter Griffin -- seriously -- and by some crazy twist of fate , TMZ got our hands on the most friggin ' sweet ass unedited clip you 've ever heard .
WARNING : Video contains explicit language .
Gawker Media owner Nick Denton wanted to sell his Los Angeles - based entertainment blog Defamer , but he apparently found no takers .
Instead , the site will fold into Gawker proper .
In December 2008 , Denton did the same thing with Silicon Valley gossip blog , Valleywag .
The theory is that it 's easier to get agency brand managers to spend their clients ' money on one very popular Web destination than it is to convince them to spend the same amount on lots of niche sites .
For this same reason Gawker . com 's " skyline " -- the posts above the navigation bar -- will now feature posts from blogs Jezebel , Defamer and Valleywag .
" Scale matters -- both for marketing to readers and advertisers , " says Nick .
" The dream of micropublishing is dead ! "
Our recent relaunch as " the Business Insider " seems to reflect this industry perception too .
Here 's how Defamer broke the news :
Like a waffling yard sale lady who , push come to shove , simply could n't part with her prized collection of People " Sexiest Man Alives , " Nick Denton has succumbed to a crippling case of seller 's remorse .
As a result , Defamer is being absorbed into the company 's power - crazed flagship title .
Defamer posts will now appear under http://defamer.com/, while simultaneously feeding into the Gawker homepage .
Gawker 's managing editor Gabriel Snyder , a former West Coaster who covered Hollywood for Variety and W , will oversee the transition .
As for your trusty Defamer team , we 've opted to explore new horizons .
Stv , Kyle , the McCluskey Twins , and myself will be here through the remainder of the week .
Watch this space for exciting announcements on what 's to come .
( Disclosure : Nicholas Carlson used to write for Valleywag , a folded Gawker Media blog )
Al - Shymaa Kway - Geer got her job because of the way she looks .
Not because of her average height , her shoulder - length hair or her fashion sense .
She is a Tanzanian MP because of her skin , which is white and freckled with sun damage and her pale , almost colourless eyes .
Ms Kway - Geer , 48 , was given a parliamentary seat in April by the President Jakaya Kikwete because she is an albino and he needed to make a public statement to answer the political storm generated by the savage murder of 35 albinos in the country since October of last year .
Overnight , she went from being a respected minor official at the airport to a national symbol .
Ms Kway - Geer has become the most recognisable albino in Tanzania , when a network of witch doctors and killers are targeting people with albinism , murdering them for their body parts which are believed to add potency to black magic rituals .
Understandably , she is scared .
“ I ’m an albino and I do n’t know who is hunting me , ” she says .
“ They are desperate for these body parts . ”
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Tanzania has long been known for political stability and safari holidays , until mutilated bodies of albinos started appearing in such large numbers that no one could ignore it .
There are an unusually high number of people in Tanzania with the inherited disorder and some believe that the original rogue gene that causes albinism can be traced to East Africa .
These Tanzanians , too white to be black , have always been viewed with suspicion , thought to possess supernatural powers in local superstition , “ ghosts ” who do not die but simply disappear .
A mixture of social stigma , physical vulnerability to the sun and poor eyesight has left the community the most impoverished group of people in Tanzania .
And that was before they started to be harvested for body parts .
With horrific murders and mutilation making headlines around the world , President Kikwete needed to send a message .
That is where Ms Kway - Geer came in .
Naturally , she bridles at the idea of her appointment being merely a gesture .
“ I am a human being , ” she says .
“ He wanted to show that an albino can be a leader , that they have brains like any other person . ”
First on her parliamentary agenda has been the completion of a national survey of the albino community .
“ We need to know how many albinos there are , where they are and what problems they are facing . ”
The survey is being done in co-operation with the Tanzanian Albino Society ( TAS ) and aims to provide a snapshot of the health , education and employment situation of the country ’s most marginalised group .
TAS , which Ms Kway - Geer helped to set up in 1999 , giving her a first role in a national organisation , has been one of the main bodies trying to publicise
the crisis .
A voluntary group operating for years on a shoestring budget , it has survived largely thanks to the sole support of the British charity Action on Disability and Development ( ADD ) , one of the three charities being supported by this year ’s Independent Christmas appeal .
“ TAS needs more support , both financial and in terms of training , ” says Ms Kway - Geer .
Very few albinos have had access to an education as she has , and if TAS is going to help empower the community to stand up for itself it is going to need outside expertise .
“ People are still ignorant ; they think albinos are not human beings .
They ’re taking our skins and bones . ”
Ms Kway - Geer has faced lifelong prejudice .
She remembers her early childhood fondly and says that her parents – non-albinos who gave birth to three albino children – loved her and looked after her .
First contact with the stigma came at school .
“ I cried a lot when I was a child , always being called names .
But now I ’m a grown - up , I ’m proud to call myself an albino . ”
She was already knocking on the door of politics before her Presidential appointment .
She had previously contested and narrowly lost a nomination to run for parliament with the ruling party .
Now she is brining action to her politics .
The MP has adopted two young orphaned albino girls who only narrowly escaped being hacked to death .
The two girls are from near the city of Mwanza , on the shore of Lake Victoria , an area where the belief in witchdoctors is strongest .
The girls were staying with their aunt until they were attacked by men with machetes , leaving one with a bad leg - wound .
Ms Kway - Geer is paying for their schooling and looking after them herself during the holidays at her home in the capital , Dar es Salaam .
Three albino females in one house is a tempting target to the people who see them as products worth thousands of US dollars .
She says she has no special security but has been assured by police that she is safe .
But she has a responsibility to keep on working and remain in the public eye , she insists .
She is now a role model for a community kept for so long in the shadows and only emerging now because it is in mortal peril .
Running away is not an option for the new MP .
She has a country to educate , two adopted children to protect , a parliament to make herself heard in and an albino census to complete .
" Have fun with KITT , " sniffed some AMG engineers when a group of Norwegians showed up at Germany 's Papenburg test track with a 1987 Trans Am .
The smug smiles were quickly wiped off the faces of the Mercedes tuner crew when the ancient Pontiac 's practice laps were as fast as the AMG cars , and the F - Body was n't even working hard .
Once warmed up , the 8.9 - liter V8 unleashed all of its 1400 horsepower on the circuit , delivering a startling 407 kph ( 252 mph ) also known as Bugatti Veyron fast .
Better still , unlike the Bug , the Pontiac 's lap is official .
Needless to say , there 's not much stock underneath the skin on this particular Trans Am .
The car is the work of Polly Motorsport of Norway , and there 's a wealth of top tuner expertise beneath the mostly stock exterior .
We 're sure even in its heightened state of tune , the Polly Trans
Am is infinitely less expensive than the $ 1.6 million you 'd have to cough up for a Veyron , and its creators say it 's still street legal .
Hit this link for some videos , which would be even more entertaining if we could understand what they were saying .
Props to reader Mitka who provided the synopsis that we 've posted after the jump
Subject : Fastest street legal official road car in Europe !
A 1987 Trans Am fastest official street legal road car in Europe !
Paul brought his Pontiac to the Papenburg car testing track , one of the newest and most advanced test tracks in the world .
Mercedes where testing their new AMG sports models the same day as Pal was going for his personal speed record .
Some engineers from AMG team criticized the optimistic Norwegian team for bringing an 80's trimmed American car to this super test track for the advanced European supercars .
But what they did n't quite comprehend is that Pal Arvil Blytt and his Polly motorsport team from Norway works at a motor tuner garage in Godvik Norway and most important of all nothing more than the shell of this car resembles the stock Pontiac .
With a brisk 8.9L V8 producing a whopping 1407 HP , Pal was soon doing AMG top speeds of 300 km / h in his warming laps .
After driving a couple of rounds around the track , Paul felt ready to see what his road machine would do !
And after pressing the pedal to the metal the ARP technician Christoph Tharrey came over with his laptop computer with a big grin .
Here we have the official numbers : 407.134 km /h
You may say well the 9FF team drove 409 km / h in an extremely rebuilt Porsche 911 at the same track ; this speed was recorded with their own equipment and therefore can be fixed and therefore is not recorded as an official speed record .
Bugatti Veyron 407 km/h is also recorded with their own equipment .
As the Papenburg track is to small for the Pontiac to reach its potential top speed of 435 km / h and Volkswagen 's test track costs 25.000 Euro an hour to rent .
Paul is bringing his road legal car to the US in 2009 to challenge
of 412 km /h .
Photos by Camilla Smistad Tofterå
A good number of phone calls we get for our ecommerce business are from customers asking for wholesale pricing on our products .
And because we have no desire to be in the wholesale business , my default answer is always no .
Instead , I offer them attractive discounts if they purchase above a certain quantity threshold .
Now what ’s funny is that when customers hear the words “ no wholesale ” , they almost always hang up without asking for pricing .
What these customers do n’t realize is that the discounts we offer are competitive with many of the wholesalers in the US and these customers are missing out .
Do they think that wholesale is synonymous with lowest price ?
Here ’s the thing .
Most new shop owners believe that buying “ wholesale ” magically means that they are getting the lowest price possible .
Most shop owners think that obtaining wholesale pricing means that they can make at least a 50 % margin when they list their products for sale .
The truth is that the term “ wholesale ” is just a bunch of BS .
Admittedly though , the word implies “ major discount ” which is why most people fall into the wholesale trap .
Here ’s the reality .
Wholesale pricing does not guarantee a certain margin and it ’s based on an arbitrary MSRP or manufacturers suggested retail price which is often bogus .
Here are some things to keep in mind if you are looking to buy wholesale .
Want To Learn How To Find Great Suppliers For Your Ecommerce Business ?
Finding a dependable wholesale supplier is a crucial step in starting a successful ecommerce business .
So I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you find great suppliers ( foreign and domestic ) and launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
You Will Not Be The Only One Selling That Product
If you were able to find your wholesaler easily , chances are that a bunch of other people have as well .
Even if you receive attractive pricing for the products you want to sell compared to the manufacturer suggested retail price ( MSRP ) , the low barriers to entry will lead to severe pricing pressure in the marketplace .
This phenomena is especially prevalent on Amazon where you potentially have hundreds of sellers trying to sell the exact same wholesale item .
Even if you manage to find a wholesale product that is under served on Amazon , it ’s only a matter of time until other sellers find the same distributor and start competing against you .
Once that happens , it will quickly become a race to the bottom in terms of price .
Even if your manufacturer offers MAP pricing ( minimium advertised price ) , at best you will achieve price parity selling an identical product with very little added value .
In addition , your prices for wholesale purchases will be tiered based on quantity .
As a result if you are a beginner , you will be competing against larger volume players who have more favorable pricing .
Wholesale Prices Are n’t Always The Lowest
When my wife and I were shopping for vendors for our online store , every single person we talked to claimed to a be a wholesaler .
But the price ranges were all across the board .
Believe it or not , some of these wholesalers had prices that were more expensive than if I just went to Walmart .
How can that be the case ?
Should n’t wholesalers offer the most competitive prices ?
The fact is there are many retailers out there who offer only a few products , buy in extreme bulk , and focus on volume .
In many cases , wholesalers ( at least in the US ) are just small businesses that …
Do n’t have the capital to purchase large enough quantities to get the best pricing across the board
to purchase large enough quantities to get the best pricing across the board Import their goods from China , do a little quality control and markup the item 100 %
Several years ago , my wife and I attended the annual San Francisco Gift Fair held at the Moscone center ( It ’s no longer called this ) .
And as with most wholesale tradeshows in the US , the majority of vendors offered a suggested retail price which was roughly 2X the wholesale price .
Now normally tradeshows like the SF Gift Fair are a great place to meet vendors because hundreds of companies congregate under the same roof for several days .
But what we found was that the MSRP prices were outrageous .
The problem with shopping at a trade show is that unless you have some context for the pricing of the goods you are buying , you will have no idea whether the wholesale prices you are getting are the absolute lowest .
After all , the “ retail price ” is usually just a bogus number that you ca n’t really expect to charge .
Now there were several vendors at this show that sold the same or similar products that we offer in our online store .
But the wholesale pricing that they were giving us was a good 2 - 3X higher than what we could get directly from our vendors in Asia .
In some extreme cases , the markup was upwards of 8 -10X .
But if you looked at their retail pricing , it did n’t appear to be a bad deal .
That is why you have to be extra careful and do your homework before making a bulk purchase .
The reality is that anyone out there can call themselves a wholesaler as long as they do the paperwork .
There are n’t any guidelines or certifications required so the term “ wholesale ” can mean a huge range of prices .
Amazon Has Changed The Wholesale Game
Today Amazon is the most shopped on ecommerce platform on the planet .
In fact , 49 % of retail consumers start their product searches on Amazon . 49 % !?!?
In the past , you could get away with selling other people ’s products online at higher prices because there was no single dominant platform .
Back in the day , consumers relied on comparison shopping engines or Google to get the best price which was a much more tedious affair .
But today , you can simply go on Amazon and instantly compare multiple identical products and get the best price .
As more and more people start selling the same wholesale product , the price can drop almost immediately .
One of my friends had a wholesale product that sold well for many years until a rash of new sellers started listing the exact same item on Amazon .
Within a single month , the price had dropped so significantly that he was stuck with an entire warehouse of unsellable inventory .
Because half of all consumers start their shopping on Amazon , there ’s much less incentive for a manufacturer to sell you their products wholesale unless you run a brick and mortar establishment .
After all , why should they sell their products to you at wholesale prices when they can sell on Amazon and make double the margin ?
Should You Buy Wholesale And Sell Other People ’s Products ?
If everyone can obtain “ wholesale ” pricing , things look pretty bleak in terms of starting your own online retail business right ?
This is absolutely true if you choose to sell easily obtainable or highly competitive products .
For this exact reason , I would never sell electronic goods .
Not only is this market extremely competitive , but your products have a time element involved as well .
If your electronics go obsolete , you may never be able to liquidate your inventory .
I would also avoid selling other people ’s branded products .
In highly competitive markets , similar products are susceptible to price erosion .
Since you ’re probably getting the same pricing as everyone else for identical products , a price war is likely to erupt which will erode your margins .
One of the most popular questions I get asked is whether to start a dropshipped online store .
And for the exact same reasons outlined above , dropshipping is not a good long term business model .
Related : Why Dropshipping Is n’t As Easy And Simple As You Think
But if you insist on starting a dropshipped online store , you should do so with a plan to transition to your own branded products at some point in the future .
In fact , here ’s a good game plan if you are starting an online store with little or no money
Start out with a dropshipped store to see what items are popular .
Your goal is not necessarily to make a profit during this phase .
Your main goal is to gather information .
Use a service like Worldwide Brands to help find pre-verified wholesalers .
to see what items are popular .
Your goal is not necessarily to make a profit during this phase .
Your main goal is to gather information .
Use a service like Worldwide Brands to help find pre-verified wholesalers .
Once you know which products sell well , then buy and carry these products wholesale in your store at higher margins .
, then buy and carry these products wholesale in your store at higher margins .
Finally once you have enough capital , private label your own brand for maximum profit .
The Best Way To Sell Online
The best way to sell online today is to source your own products and establish your own brand .
The term “ buying wholesale ” inherently means that you are selling someone else ’s products .
And as a result , it ’s much harder to establish a strong value proposition when you are selling the exact same items as everyone else .
Fortunately , creating your own private label brand is not as intimidating as it sounds .
Here are some resources on how to get started
Moral of the story : Pick the market less traveled .
Choose a small niche and sell products that are not readily available .
Private label your own line of products so no one else can sell exactly what you sell .
There Will Always Be Competition
No matter which market you choose to pursue , there are always going to be competitors even if you own your own brand .
If there are n’t any , then chances are your market is n’t even worth pursuing .
Most people who want to open a store ( myself included ) often balk during the research phase because they do a Google search only to find several competitors already in their market space .
Often times , some of these competitors offer rock bottom pricing making you second guess whether you can make a decent profit .
Ultimately , there ’s more to the success of your store than just the lowest price .
It all starts by establishing your unique selling proposition .
What makes your store special ?
How can you set yourself apart from the rest ?
Our wedding linens store offers similar products to over a dozen other websites and we charge more money for some of these products .
And guess what ?
The stuff still sells .
Not everyone is going to make purchasing decisions strictly on price .
If the market you have selected is large enough , you will still make sales if you can make your business stand out .
With our store , we pride ourselves on our customer service and the useful information we provide on our website .
Do you offer superior customer service ?
Do you offer higher quality items ?
Do n’t hesitate just because you see a bunch of lowball competitors .
If you think you can provide value , your business idea may still be a viable one .
Avoid Competing Against Big Box Stores
It can be extremely frustrating to go up against large retail giants , so do n’t .
Do n’t go head to head against larger establishments because you will definitely lose .
Instead , offer items that are n’t covered by the large retailers .
Large companies have to determine whether it ’s worth it to carry a certain product and factor in all of the logistics with physically stocking and transporting items to their stores .
Often times , they need to sell an enormous ( to you and I that is ) amount of product to make it worthwhile .
But for a small business , if you can find that product that is not worth selling for a large company and sell it in your store , you will be well on your way to making some serious money .
Frequently Asked Questions About Buying Wholesale
Do you need a license to buy wholesale ?
Depending on the state , some suppliers may ask you for a wholesale license before they will sell to you .
In general , a wholesale license allows you to avoid paying sales tax on your purchases but you are responsible for collecting sales tax from your customers .
What is buying wholesale ?
Buying wholesale is when you purchase products in bulk with the intention of selling directly to the consumer .
By buying in bulk , you receive a significant discount ( typically 50 % ) which allows you to make a profit when selling goods at the retail price .
Is it legal to buy wholesale and resell ?
It is perfectly legal to resell goods that you 've purchased wholesale as long as you have a sellers permit .
How do I find wholesale suppliers ?
The best way to find wholesale suppliers is by contacting the distributor directly .
You can also use wholesale directories or sites like Alibaba to find suppliers directly .
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
MOSCOW , Russia ( CNN ) -- A Russian - led bloc of post - Soviet nations has agreed to establish a rapid - reaction military force to combat terrorists and respond to regional emergencies , Russian media reported Wednesday .
Russian navy soldiers stand guard during a military ceremony .
The decision came a day after reports that Kyrgyzstan is planning to close a strategically important U.S. military base that Washington uses to transport troops and supplies into Afghanistan .
On Wednesday , the Collective Security Treaty Organization -- made up of Russia , Armenia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan -- decided on the rapid - reaction force at a Kremlin summit , the Russian news agency RIA - Novosti reported .
The group 's security council " spent a long time discussing the central issue of forming collective reaction forces and , generally , of rapid reaction to possible threats , " said Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , according to Russian news agency Interfax .
" Everyone agreed that the formation of joint forces is necessary , " he said .
Officials told Russian media that all the members had signed the agreement , though Uzbekistan submitted a special provision .
Uzbekistan does n't mind contributing military units to the rapid - reaction force " but does not consider it necessary for the moment " to attach emergency responders , drug - control forces and other special services , organization spokesman Vitaly Strugovets told Interfax .
Russian media reported that the force will be used to fight military aggressors , conduct anti-terror operations , battle regional drug trafficking and respond to natural disasters .
The force will be based in Russia under a single command , with member nations contributing military units .
On Tuesday , Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev announced at a Moscow news conference that " all due procedures " were being initiated to close Manas Air Base , RIA - Novosti reported .
The announcement was made after news reports of a multimillion - dollar aid package from Russia to Kyrgyzstan .
Gen. David Petraeus , who oversees U.S. operations in the Middle East and Central Asia , including Afghanistan , was in Kyrgyzstan last month , partly to lobby the government to allow the United States to keep using the base .
He said he and Kyrgyz leaders did not discuss " at all " the possible closure of the base and said local officials told him there was " no foundation " for news reports about the issue .
The United States is planning to send an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan to halt a resurgence of the Taliban .
Petraeus described Manas as having " an important role in the deployment of these forces " and in refueling aircraft .
The relationship between the United States and Kyrgyzstan was damaged when a Kyrgyz citizen was killed by a U.S. airman in December 2006 .
The airman was transferred out of Kyrgyzstan , and the dead man 's family was offered compensation .
Petraeus said in January that the investigation was being reopened .
As he announced the base closure Tuesday , Bakiyev said he was not satisfied with the inquiry into the accident and his government 's " inability to provide security to its citizens " was proving a serious concern .
Medvedev also weighed in on the issue Wednesday , saying the base closure should n't hamper anti-terrorism operations , according to Interfax .
" It would be great if their numbers meant there were fewer terrorists , but such action depends on other things as well , " he said .
All About Russia • Kyrgyzstan • Uzbekistan
The Guardian 's economics editor , Larry Elliott , assesses the government 's latest banking bail - out guardian .
co.uk
A plunge in the share price of the Royal Bank of Scotland prompted City and Westminster speculation tonight of imminent full - scale nationalisation for the bank as the financial markets issued a vote of no confidence in the government 's latest bail - out .
Amid growing concern from the government that the credit crunch is intensifying an already severe recession , Gordon Brown served notice that Labour 's patience with the banks was rapidly running out as the Treasury unveiled a second emergency package in three months .
Britain's banks will be forced to sign binding contracts with the Treasury to take part in an insurance scheme to indemnify them from future losses , while in a U - turn on the position adopted since last February 's nationalisation , Northern Rock will be used to increase lending for home loans .
Although the chancellor , Alistair Darling , said ministers had no desire to take banks into public ownership , the prime minister 's tough language did ­little to quell the belief that RBS will be the third UK bank to be nationalised since the financial crisis broke 18 months ago .
Brown said the public had a right to be angry as he condemned the " irresponsible losses " caused by the " wrong investments " at RBS , which today left the bank nursing the biggest loss – up to £ 28bn – in Britain 's corporate history .
He said today 's measures were not a blank cheque : " At every point , conditions are laid and the greatest condition of all is that in return for our support for the banking system they have an obligation to lend to small businesses and to families in this country .
I will not sit idly by and let people and businesses go to the wall . "
His tough language served only to worsen City sentiment .
Bank shares finished dramatically lower , with RBS – almost 70 % owned by the taxpayer after yesterday 's announcement – down by 65 % and Lloyds HBOS suffering a 33 % loss .
Barclays , which lost a quarter of its value on Friday , fell a further 10 % .
After a weekend of negotiations with the banks , Darling unveiled measures designed to increase the flow of credit and to shorten the recession .
Ministers are prepared for a week of dire economic news , and the Treasury yesterday gave the Bank of England permission to take emergency steps to boost the money supply if the sharply falling bank rate fails to boost growth .
The European commission warned today that the UK economy would shrink by 2.8 % this year and barely expand in 2010 .
The Treasury insurance scheme means banks will have to pay the first tranche of any loss on investments , with the taxpayer insuring around 90 % .
But details of the scheme will only emerge following discussions with individual banks over the coming weeks , and the lack of clarity was cited by the City as one reason for the rout in banking shares .
There was also concern expressed that last Friday 's lifting of the ban on " short - selling " – traders selling shares they do n't own with a view to buying them back at a cheaper price – may have exacerbated volatility in the market .
Announcing the RBS loss today , Stephen Hester , the newly appointed chief executive , admitted full - scale nationalisation of the bank had been discussed with the government , but said he did not believe this was an option ministers wanted to take .
Shadow chancellor George Osborne claimed the British taxpayer had already made a paper loss of £ 17bn on its RBS shareholding and said it was incredible the Treasury had not known the scale of the hit the taxpayer was about to face .
He derided the rescue plan saying : " This is not some long - planned , carefully thought - through ' second phase ' of government policy .
It is instead the clearest possible admission that the first bail - out of the banks has failed and now they have no option but to attempt a second bail - out – a bail - out whose size we still do n't know , whose details remain a mystery and whose ultimate cost to the people of Britain will only be known when this government has long gone . "
It ’s a salad garden that can stand on the smallest patch of dirt -- or no patch at all : Van Nuys designer Anne Phillips ’ edible wall of lettuces , arugula , Swiss chard , mustard , strawberries and culinary herbs .
Phillips ’ take on a green wall uses a French riddling rack , boards with holes in which fermenting bottles of sparkling wine are perched at an angle , so sediment collects in the neck and can be removed .
Instead of bottles , seedlings go into the holes of Phillips ’ rack , which is about 2 1 / 2 feet wide and nearly 5 feet tall .
To create it , the designer started at the bottom row , inserting plants from the rear .
She covered the bottom of each plant with coconut coir fiber , the kind typically used to line hanging baskets , then packed in dirt around the roots .
The fiber and dirt are held in place with widths of green plastic fencing .
This flexible material works well , Phillips says , because it holds in the coir and the dirt but comes off easily to change out soil or plants .
Phillips waters her wall by hand but says drip irrigation could be inserted into the backside during construction .
Harvest the greens leaf by leaf , Phillips says , and the plantings will last all season .
When the time comes , simply disassemble the back and replace the annuals , leaving the perennial strawberries and herbs .
Not all plants work in this kind of setup , Phillips says .
“ Zucchini , for example , gets too big , ” she says .
This spring the designer is testing small - scale cherry tomato plants .
Though the wall seems made for balconies , patios and other small spaces , the one pictured here eventually found its permanent home in a children ’s garden where the plants are the right height for pint - sized hunter - gatherers .
The approach also would work for older gardeners who have trouble reaching down to plants in the ground .
Phillips suggests incorporating the design into a fence , mounted on posts or hanging from hooks , so it can be taken down and replanted as needed .
Sterman is author of " California Gardeners ’ Guide Volume II . ”
Anne Phillips will offer classes on how to construct an edible wall from a riddling rack .
The sessions run 11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. April 4 and 18 .
Cost : $ 30 .
For more details or to register , call her landscape design and maintenance firm , Go Green Gardeners , at ( 818 ) 755-4647 ; www.gogreengardeners.com.home@latimes.com
Reporting independently from the front lines of war is an increasingly rare engagement for journalists working for major international media outlets .
From Iraq to Afghanistan , reporters are increasingly embedded with Western military forces , operating without independence .
When Israeli military forces launched an invasion into the Gaza Strip , international journalists were barred entry into the territory by the Israeli government for the majority of the conflict , despite a ruling from the Israeli Supreme Court that called on the government to allow international reporters into the territory .
Major international media outlets , including CNN and the BBC , ended up reporting from hilltops in Israeli - controlled territory kilometres away from the actual conflict .
British journalist Robert Fisk has offered fiercely independent accounts of conflicts throughout the Middle East for decades .
Stationed in Beirut , Lebanon , Fisk reports for the UK - based Independent newspaper and is widely read around the world .
Fisk spoke with community activist and journalist Stefan Christoff about the media response to the recent war on Gaza .
Stefan Christoff : Historical context is often not included in daily reporting on the Middle East .
Could you offer some historical perspectives to the recent war in Gaza ?
Robert Fisk :
In 1948 when the Palestinians fled or were driven from their homes -- 750,000 is the figure widely accepted -- those in the north in the Galilee area of what became Israel fled into Lebanon , those in the Jerusalem area fled east toward what we now call the West Bank and those in the south fled into what we now call the Gaza Strip .
For example , in 2000 , after the Israelis finished their final withdrawal after 22 years of occupation and went across the border back into Israel , many Palestinians in Lebanon went down to the border and looked across , not because they were looking at northern Israel but because they were looking at the northern part of Palestine as they had known it - some could actually see the villages that their parents or grandparents had come from in 1948 .
So there is this whole Diaspora around the state of Israel who can't go home because their home is on the other side of the border .
This reality revolves around the whole issue of UN General Assembly Resolution 194 on the right of return , [ which stipulates that ] these Palestinian refugees have the right to return to their homes .
Well over half the people living in Gaza are families , either survivors or descendants of Palestinians who lived only 10 or 12 miles into what is today Israel .
So when you hear the Israelis say the terrorists are firing rockets into Israel , the Palestinians in Gaza can say in many cases , ' Well , my grandson is firing a rocket at my town because before 1948 these areas would have been Palestinian property . '
SC : Can you talk about your perceptions of media coverage on the latest war in Gaza ?
RF :
There were two things that happened .
First , the international press allowed for their own humiliation : Israel told the press that they could n't go into Gaza and they did n't really try to , so the press sat outside Gaza and pontificated from two miles away .
Israel wanted to keep the international press out of Gaza and they were kept out , that was that .
It is instructive to note that no major Western media outlet had a reporter based inside Gaza who would have been there when it started .
Clearly , after the kidnapping of a BBC reporter , who was based in Gaza , it is not surprising that the international news agencies were hesitant to base reporters there .
However , it is also instructive to note that it was the Hamas government that had the BBC reporter released , which is not often mentioned now .
SC : So what kind of more widespread effect did the reporters who were left in Gaza have on Western media ?
RF : Faced with the fact that the only journalists left inside Gaza were Palestinian reporters , the major networks were forced to hand over their reporting to Palestinian Arabs , who in many cases were refugees inside Gaza .
This meant that you had Palestinian reporters on the ground talking about their own people , unencumbered by Western reporters cross-questioning them or trying to put 50 per cent of the story on one side and 50 per cent of the story on the other side .
Al Jazeera came out as the heroes of journalism because they had their international service , their English service and also their Arabic service fully operational from offices inside Gaza .
Individual Palestinians working for Western news organizations showed that they could be competent journalists , and the Western journalists who sat outside Gaza looked as pathetic as their reporting on the Middle East is becoming .
Palestinian reporters were telling their own stories , in the case of [ the Independent 's ]
Palestinian reporter inside Gaza , his father was killed in an air strike , his father , who was a pro-Palestinian Authority , English - speaking , well - educated judge , was killed in his orchard .
So the Independent had on our front page this terrible and tragic story of this innocent man destroyed , atomized into pieces of flesh by an Israeli air strike on his orchard , a story reported by his own son in our newspaper .
So this was the kind of journalism from Palestine that we had n't seen in the major [ Western ] press , so there was an upside to the [ international ] press being banned from Gaza .
However , the work of the international reporters was truly pathetic .
Stefan Christoff is a community organizer and journalist based in Montreal .
We strongly disagree with the court ’s ruling and plan to file an immediate appeal .
Yahoo !
Inc. , a U.S. corporation , does not have business operations in Belgium and does not maintain the customer information at issue in Belgium .
The United States and Belgium have a formal international treaty which the prosecutor should have followed to properly seek information from a U.S. company .
Yahoo ! is not withholding information from the Belgium government .
We have a legal and policy basis for not disclosing information in this type of case until the recognized international legal process is followed .
We have raised this issue with the U.S. Government .
This decision could have negative implications for all foreign companies by unduly expanding the application of a law that should not apply to a company organized outside of Belgium and without a presence in Belgium .
[ Credits : [ Credits : techcrunch
Yahoo was found guilty by a court in Belgium for withholding personal information linked to Yahoo e-mail addresses , and fined € 55,000 right away and an additional € 10,000 for each day it keeps refusing to hand over the user data .
The e-mail addresses in question were used by a gang of alleged internet cons and Yahoo 's defense was that it would only respond to American authorities Yahoo got the maximum penalty for this charge .
Here is Yahoo's statement :
Those Chinese sailors who " harassed " a U.S. military vessel lingering perilously close to a Chinese base on Hainan Island , in the South China Sea , reportedly stripped down to their underwear when our sailors turned water hoses on them .
Maybe the shower facilities on Chinese fishing vessels  it was fishing trawlers , not military gunboats , that met the Americans on China ’s doorstep  are insufficient , or maybe the Chinese were mooning us .
I ’m inclined to think the latter .
In any case , Sunday ’s incident ratchets up tensions with China  which have been roiled in recent weeks , not only by a series of similar incidents , but also on account of issues broader than China ’s claims to virtually the whole of the South China Sea .
To begin with , the U.S. claims that the USNS Impeccable was manned by civilians and was just going about its undefined business when , suddenly , those big bad Chinese started " harassing " us  the bullies !
But wait .
Take a look at the Impeccable :
This baby is 5,368 tons , and over 281 ft. long : it is a surveillance ship , designed to track enemy submarines .
China ’s contingent of nuclear - powered subs are reportedly based at Yulin , on Hainan .
And while the U.S. government maintains that the crew is " civilian , " half its crew are military personnel .
Now look at the Chinese vessels that were supposedly " harassing " this rather intimidating U.S. warship :
As John Stossel would put it : Give me a break !
These are the ships that supposedly “ aggressively maneuvered ” around the Impeccable  as the Pentagon put it  “ in an apparent coordinated effort to harass the U.S. ocean surveillance ship while it was conducting routine operations in international waters " ?
Behind the whiny rationale , however , lurks a damning admission : Yes , the U.S. routinely spies on the Chinese , and fully expects to get away with it .
After all , for centuries foreigners have been lurking on the Chinese coastline , establishing colonies and warily poking and prodding the Chinese , with mostly limited responses  until now .
The Chinese , some analysts aver , are " testing " the Obama administration to see how much they can get away with .
They are sending a " signal , " we are told , which ought to have been clear enough after the 2001 incident , in which a U.S. surveillance plane was forced to land on Hainan after a collision with a Chinese fighter jet .
The fallen Chinese pilot , one Wang Wei , is today a national hero , symbol of a resurgent Chinese nationalism that has little to do with who sits in the Oval Office .
In the self - referential parlance of Washington , however , it ’s all about a " test " for President Obama .
Imagine if Chinese military vessels appeared 75 miles off the coast of , say , southern California , for the quite obvious purpose of tracking our submarine defenses and conducting surveillance of our San Diego naval base .
It would be bombs away , pronto , and no questions asked .
However , the Chinese penumbra of sovereignty is apparently more restricted .
Beijing claims U.S. actions violate the UN Law of the Sea , a treaty to which they are signatory and the U.S. is not .
However , in contesting this assertion  which came up in the aftermath of the last Hainan incident  U.S. officials routinely note that the UN law , while granting China sovereignty over its " exclusive economic zone , " would have been violated only if the Impeccable was on a commercial expedition , and yet the clear concern on the part of the Chinese is that this was a military mission .
We have our Monroe Doctrine , which was specifically aimed at the crowned heads of Europe , who , in our nation ’s youth , posed a threat on our very borders .
( This same doctrine , ironically , was later tweaked and twisted into a rationale for our own imperial ambitions in South and Central America , as well as Mexico . )
Other nations , however , are not entitled to a Monroe Doctrine of their own : China , Russia , and Iran have no corresponding prerogative to their own spheres of influence , as granted by geography , tradition , and the military necessities of a credible defense .
It is a consistent application of the Bushian doctrine of preemption : to assert a " right " that is neither a matter of settled international law nor the subject of a treaty , and is clearly provocative in the extreme .
What are we doing in China ’s backyard ?
For decades , the Taiwan lobby has bought and manipulated U.S. politicians and succeeded in passing legislation that requires the U.S. to provide for Taiwan ’s security needs , including going to war in case its disputed sovereignty is violated .
A huge arms sale under the Bush administration was orchestrated as a result of this unique legislation , which is a monument to the power of foreign lobbyists in the Imperial City .
Hey , wait a minute , are n’t we ’re supposed to be in a new era here , with the ascension of Obama I to the imperial throne ?
One would think that such Bushian orthodoxies as the Wolfowitz doctrine  which assumes U.S. military supremacy on every continent  would be thrown in the dustbin of history .
This is apparently not the case : the U.S. continues to assert its imperial prerogatives as if nothing has changed , as indeed it has not .
The administration has made a big show of abjuring torture and repudiating the legal doctrines that underpin it , but that ’s just an ordinary sense of decency , the least we might expect from the savior of our national honor .
Now what about repudiating the military doctrines that were the foundations of George W. Bush ’s crazed foreign policy ?
Let ’s give the doctrine of military preemption  you know , the whole rationale for our disastrous Iraqi adventure  the heave - ho .
The real change that ’s needed when it comes to the conduct of our government in relation to the rest of the world would be the abandonment of our legendary arrogance , which presumes our leading role on the world stage .
Bush and his neocon supporters gloried in what Charles Krauthammer exultantly deemed " the unipolar moment , " but that moment has clearly passed .
Indeed , it may have passed even as Krauthammer announced it .
The Washington - based analysts are all atwitter about what prompted the Chinese to move on this front  even as U.S. - Chinese negotiations have been deemed a success and a visit to Washington by China ’s foreign minister is planned .
Yet the Chinese , even more than we , are well aware that America ’s moment may be passing .
The biggest holders of U.S. debt are Chinese state - owned companies .
No wonder they ’re resentful of our spy ship trawling their coastline : after all , they paid for it .
What ought to be worrying the Obama administration is that the interest they ’re getting on their loan may not be enough to cover their national pride deficit .
We may have the mightiest military in the world , but if the Chinese stop buying our debt , then the whole structure of the American warfare - welfare state will come tumbling down with astonishing rapidity .
There is plenty of anti-Chinese political sentiment in this country , and it ’s a constituency that is bipartisan .
Among the Democrats , you have organized labor , which is instinctively Sinophobic in this country and always has been , as the history of the oppression of Chinese coolies in California amply demonstrates .
The protectionist unions are in a lather about the fact that Chinese workers produce cheaper and better products that American consumers want to buy .
In tandem with international do - gooders of every sort , the anti-China popular front also consists of Republicans of the sort who will welcome any fresh enemy , as long as it means more subsidies for the military - industrial - congressional complex .
Throw in the wacko cultists of Falun Gong , and what you have is the reincarnation of the old , bipartisan anti-Communist alliance of yesteryear , which brought us wars in Korea and Vietnam  and may yet succeed in provoking a third war on the Asian landmass , one just as futile and unwinnable as its predecessors .
The formulation of American foreign policy is all about domestic political pressures .
It is the domain of lobbyists and de facto foreign agents , most of them unregistered , who work with targeted American constituencies to further various commercial and foreign interests .
A rational foreign policy , i.e. , one that serves authentic American interests , is virtually impossible in these circumstances .
Boris Johnson was under fire yesterday , after it emerged that he used taxpayers ' money to pay for his hotel room at the Conservative Party conference last year .
The Mayor of London spent £ 1,955.25 on accommodation for himself and a small group of advisers at the luxury Hyatt Regency hotel in Birmingham .
Rules governing the Mayor 's conduct state that Greater London Authority money must not be used improperly for party political purposes .
His office insisted that using public funds was justified because Mr Johnson was attending the conference in September in his capacity as Mayor , giving a speech to delegates .
However , Mr Johnson did not attend the Labour or Liberal Democrat conferences .
During his conference address he was cheered loudly when he relished in his triumph over his Labour rival , saying : " Ken Livingstone was terminated ! "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He also stuck to the Tory party line of warning that over - regulation of banking risked driving away jobs .
By contrast , cabinet ministers did not use public funds to attend the Labour Party conference and were , instead , asked to pay out of their own pockets .
Mr Johnson is believed to have arrived in Birmingham on Saturday 27 September , staying for three nights .
A suite at the Hyatt Regency , the main conference hotel for senior Tories , would have cost around £ 1,000 for three nights .
The spacious room has a separate office and dining area , a giant bathroom with whirlpool bath and huge windows overlooking the city 's canal district .
The remaining £ 955 would have covered the cost of the advisers ' bedrooms .
Downstairs in the hotel , Tory activists drank champagne at Bar Pravda – despite a message from the party leadership that they should not be seen to be enjoying themselves at a time of intense difficulty for the economy .
Stephen Pound , Labour MP for Ealing North , said : " If Ken Livingstone had done that he would have been hung , drawn and quartered .
Boris has always had a reputation for playing fast and loose with the rules . "
On election last May , the Mayor pledged to publish details of all expenditure by him and his office over £ 1,000 .
Section 6 ( b ) ( ii ) of the GLA code of conduct states the Mayor " must , when using or authorising the use by others of the resources of your authority , ... ensure that such resources are not used improperly for political purposes ( including party political purposes ) " .
Documents for September show £ 1,955.25 for " hotels and lodgings " .
A separate entry lists £ 2,192.50 for hospitality , but this was spent by a Tory member of the London Assembly .
A spokesman for the Mayor confirmed that the £ 1,955.25 related to the conference hotel .
He added : " This expenditure relates to attendance at party conference .
The Mayor attended with a number of key advisers over a period of days .
One senior aide stayed for four nights .
" Boris Johnson attended the conference in his capacity as Mayor of London and was a key speaker at the event .
Whilst there , the Mayor attended two meetings with London borough leaders and met with countless media , a leading think tank and other stakeholders . "
A team of researchers are reporting the ongoing emergence of a new species of fruit fly -- and the sequential development of a new species of wasp -- in the February 6 issue of the journal Science .
Jeff Feder , a University of Notre Dame biologist , and his colleagues say the introduction of apples to America almost 400 years ago ultimately may have changed the behavior of a fruit fly , leading to its modification and the subsequent modification of a parasitic wasp that feeds on it .
The result is a chain reaction of biodiversity where the modification of one species triggers the sequential modification of a second , dependent species .
" It 's a nice demonstration of how the initial speciation of one organism opens up an opportunity for another species in the ecosystem to speciate in kind , " said Feder .
" Biodiversity in essence is the source for new biodiversity . "
For almost 250 years after the introduction of apples to North America , insects referred to as hawthorn flies , Rhagoletis pomonella , continued to meet on the small , red fruit of hawthorn trees to mate and lay eggs .
Then , in the mid-1800s , some of these " hawthorn flies " began to mate and lay eggs on apples instead .
According to Feder , the flies attracted to apples eventually became genetically differentiated from the flies attracted to hawthorns , and so did the wasps that live on the flies ' larvae .
The genetic distinctions mainly show up as gene frequency differences between the flies and their associated wasp populations rather than fixed , all or none , differences .
This is consistent with the process by which new biological species arise .
" The Diachasma alloeum wasp that we studied is just one of several wasps that spend a significant portion of their lives attached to hawthorn and apple flies , " said Feder .
" We have preliminary evidence that one of the other wasps also may be forming specialized races on the flies , but it is too early to tell definitively . "
" What is startling is how fast populations can ecologically adapt to new habitats and begin to evolve into different species in front of our eyes , " he said .
Feder says the research is important because it provides insights into solving Darwin 's mystery of the origins of new species .
" Clues can be found right before us as we sit on our deck chairs barbecuing and drinking pop .
All we have to do is open our eyes and we can see new life forms coming into being in that scraggly old apple tree in our backyard . "
Notre Dame biologists Andrew Forbes and Tom Powell , along with University of Florida entomologist Lukasz Stelinski and Michigan State University biologist James Smith also worked on this project .
The National Science Foundation supports the research .
Justifying criminalisation of homosexuality in the country , the Centre has pleaded before the Delhi High Court that it is one of the main reasons for spread of HIV / AIDS and needs to be curbed .
In a written submission filed by Additional Solicitor General P P Malhotra , the Centre said that legalising Men having sex with Men ( MSM ) , as pleaded by gay rights activists , would lead to spread of the dreaded disease and placed reports of various countries to substantiate its stand .
" In Zambia , one in three ( 33 per cent ) surveyed men who have sex with men tested HIV - positive .
In the Kenyan port city of Mombasa , 43 per cent of men who said they had sex only with other men were found to be living with HIV , " the government said , quoting the United Nations report on Global AIDS Epidemic , 2008 .
" In Bangkok , HIV prevalence among men who have sex with men rose from 17 per cent in 2003 to 28 per cent in 2005 and it is estimated that as many as 21 per cent new HIV infections in Thailand in 2005 were attributable to unprotected sex between men , " the Centre said .
The 100 - page written submission was filed by the Centre as the court , while reserving the order , had allowed the government to file any additional submission in a written form .
Centre 's response came on a PIL filed by gay rights activists seeking the court 's direction to decriminalise gay sex among consenting adults in private .
At present , homosexuality is an offence in the country and Section 377 of Indian Penal Code provides punishment for up to life imprisonment for engaging in such acts .
Malhotra pointed out that MSM population is the most vulnerable to infection by HIV .
" More than eight per cent of 25 lakh population of MSM are infected by HIV while the HIV prevalence among the general population is estimated to be less than one per cent , " he said .
... contd .
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
If you have not seen it , here it is .
Sam Smith
Based on media coverage at least , name the largest industry in America that never contributes to political campaigns , never tries to influence politicians , never is involved in political corruption and has no lobbyists in Washington ?
In other words , name the cleanest business in America - that is , if you believe the media
The answer : the illegal drug trade .
For example , the Review has been among the lonely voices raising the possibility that drug and mob money may have played a much larger role in the current fiscal crash than has been noted .
It is clear the media does n't want to touch this matter .
But they 've had a setback with the testimony of financial investigator and Madoff whistleblower Harry Markopolos .
Talking Points Memo notes : " Markopolos elaborated while being questioned by lawmakers , alleging Madoff ' had a lot of dirty money ' from the Russian mafia and Latin American drug cartels . "
In the end , Markopolos realized he had done the mobs a favor .
Here 's part of a Q&A with Rep. Gary Ackerman :
ACKERMAN : I 'm talking about , when you talk about the Russian mob and organized crime , these are people who invested through European investors or European feeder funds ?
MARKOPOLOS : Correct .
And I did n't fear of them , and I did n't think they were going to come after me , I want to make this perfectly clear to all those Russian mobsters and Latin American drug cartels out there .
. .
ACKERMAN : You 're talking directly to them .
MARKOPOLOS : I was acting on your behalf trying to stop him from zeroing out your accounts .
I 'm the good guy here .
Just like to make that clear .
And the Independent in Britain reports that " Amid persistent rumors that Russian mob money found its way into the Madoff Ponzi scheme , a panic button has been installed in the [ Madoff ] apartment , along with 24 - hour surveillance , as much to protect him as to check he is not planning to flee .
He wears a bullet - proof vest for trips to court . "
It seems obvious that the parallel rise of the illegal drug trade and the use of hedge funds and other devices to hide the origin and movement of money deserves , at the very least , deep looking into .
There seems a reasonable possibility that our current crisis was driven in some part by a need to launder large sums belonging to criminal groups .
Why is the media so reluctant to consider this ?
Partly because it sounds too movie - like .
But , as we have recently learned , Bernie Madoffs actually exist outside of Hollywood .
Part is because the media traditionally takes its cue on covering crime from law enforcement , which may itself - as with other government bodies - be involved , incompetent or indifferent .
Finally we have the little noted problem that in a hyper - corporatized media , a good scoop can ruin a career as fast as it can make one if the wrong people in power are angered by it .
I have been alternately frustrated and fascinated by the money laundering story and the refusal of major media for the most part to even mention it .
To the media , the drug trade is largely the result of minorities and undisciplined young white dudes .
It makes the story so much easier .
But when I started covering the Clinton story , I found myself repeatedly stumbling into other aspects of the tale .
Here are a few examples from the Review archives :
1994 - Writing in the London Telegraph , Ambrose Evans - Pritchard wrote that Arkansas was a " major point for the transshipment of drugs " during the 1980s and " perilously close to becoming a ' narco republic ' -- a sort of mini-Columbia within the borders of the United States . "
1995 - While portions of the Mena , Arkansas affair have been reported elsewhere ( including here ) , the Denton / Morris piece is significant . . .
First , it is based on more than 2000 documents from the files of ex-drug smuggler -- and sometime intelligence asset -- the late Barry Seal . . .
The Denton / Morris story tells of " literally hundreds of millions of dollars in drug profits " being developed by the Mena operation , of CIA involvement , and of nine different official investigations being stifled under two presidents ( Reagan and Bush ) and one governor ( Clinton ) .
1996 - Jim Leach of the House Banking Committee is reported running into stonewalling on the grounds of " national security " as he investigates drug smuggling and money laundering out of Mena , Arkansas .
As Insight magazine points out in its January 29 issue , there have been nine separate federal and state probes over the last decade that " have managed to establish that Mena was indeed the center of a brazen narcotics - trafficking operation . "
1996 - The White House hosted a major drug dealer at its Christmas party last year .
. .
Cabrera was indicted in 1983 by a federal grand jury -- on racketing and drug charges -- and again in 1988 , when he was accused of managing a continuing narcotics operation .
He pleaded guilty to lesser charges and served 54 months on prison .
Since his visit to the White House he has been sentenced to 19 years on prison for transporting 6,000 pounds of cocaine into the US .
1997
- In his book , The Secret Life of Bill Clinton , Ambrose Evans - Pritchard quotes an ex-drug pilot as saying that he once brought a Cessna 210 full of cocaine into eastern Arkansas where he was met by a state trooper in a marked police car .
" Arkansas , " he said , " was a very good place to load and unload . "
Later Evans - Pritchard wrote :
" On my first visits to Arkansas , I could smell that something was wrong .
The place reminded me of Central America , a sort of anglophone Guatemala , where a corrupt and violent political machine operated behind the scenes .
People dissembled in interviews , instinctively .
The deeper I looked , the clearer it became that the Dixie Mafia had a foothold in official Arkansas , and that intimidation was part of the culture .
" Dissident members of the Arkansas State Police provided me with stacks of confidential reports showing that one of Mr. Clinton 's biggest financial backers during his assent to power . . .had been under investigation for international drug - trafficking .
. . .
1998 :
Arkansas Highway Police have seized $ 3.1 million in cash from four suitcases in a tractor - trailer rig's sleeper section .
The driver was charged with money laundering among other things .
The seizure was the fourth largest in American history and nearly fifty times more than all the illegal money seized by Arkansas highway police in a typical year .
Arkansas
has long functioned as a center of narcotics activity .
The airport at Mena has been used for major drug trafficking , and sparsely populated areas have proved attractive for " kick drops " in which drug shipments are released from a plane to confederates on the ground who are given the geographical coordinates of the shipment .
It has also been alleged that drug money was laundered through the Arkansas Development and Finance Administration .
1997 - Progressive Review editor Sam Smith interviews Billy Bear Bottoms , pilot for Barry Seal , who , until he was murdered , was considered by some the biggest illegal drug importer .
Bottom thinks this is inflated but says that
Seal " testified in a trial in Las Vegas that he had made about 50 trips of 300 kilos each .
His transportation fee was $ 5,000 per kilo .
We actually only made about 25 trips . "
The transportation fee alone works out to $ 1.5 million a trip or $ 75 million for 50 trips ; half that for 25 .
[ That would be about $ 2.7 million a trip in today 's dollars ] .
1999
- From " Partners in Power " by Roger Morris :
" [ Key investigators ]
Duncan and Welch watched the Mena inquiry systematically quashed and their own careers destroyed as the IRS and state police effectively dissolved their investigations and turned on them .
' Somebody outside ordered it shut down , ' one would say , ' and the walls went up . '
Welch [ a state trooper ] recorded his fear and disillusion in his diary on November 17 , 1987 : ' Should a cop cross over the line and dare to investigate the rich and powerful , he might well prepared himself to become the victim of his own government .
The cops are all afraid to tell what they know for fear that they will lose their jobs . ' "
1999
- Bill Duncan :
An IRS investigator in Arkansas who drafted some 30 federal indictments of Arkansas figures on money laundering and other charges .
Clinton biographer Roger Morris quotes a source who reviewed the evidence : " Those indictments were a real slam dunk if there ever was one . "
The cases were suppressed , many in the name of " national security . "
Duncan was never called to testify .
Other IRS agents and state police disavowed Duncan and turned on him .
Said one source , " Somebody outside ordered it shut down and the walls went up . "
1999
- Rusell Welch : An Arkansas state police detective working with Duncan .
Welch developed a 35 - volume , 3,000 page archive on drug and money laundering operations at Mena .
His investigation was so compromised that a high state police official let one of the targets of the probe look through the investigative file .
At one point , Welch was sprayed in the face with poison , later identified by the CDC as anthrax .
He would write in his diary , " I feel like I live in Russia , waiting for the secret police to pounce down .
A government has gotten out of control .
Men find themselves in positions of power and suddenly crimes become legal . "
Welch is no longer with the state police .
1999
- Jean Duffey was head of a joint federal - county drug task force in Arkansas .
Her first instructions from her boss : " Jean , you are not to use the drug task force to investigate any public official . "
Duffey 's work , however , led deep into the heart of the Dixie Mafia , including members of the Clinton machine .
The local prosecuting attorney , Dan Harmon issued a subpoena for all the task force records , including " the incriminating files on his own activities .
If Duffey had complied it would have exposed 30 witnesses and her confidential informants to violent retributions .
She refused . "
Harmon issued a warrant for her arrest and friendly cops told her that there was a $ 50,000 price on her head .
She eventually fled to a secret address in Texas .
The once - untouchable Harmon was convicted in June 1997 of five counts of racketeering , extortion and drug dealing .
2000
- Insight Magazine : Canadian police have identified Clinton donor and Macao gambling tycoon Stanley Ho as the leader of a triad gang of organized criminals with strong ties to Communist China .
President Clinton personally accepted $ 250,000 from a Macao gambling tycoon whom Canadian police identify as a " leader " of a Chinese triad , or organized - crime syndicate .
. .
According to a separate Canadian Security Intelligence Service report , the triads are involved in " drug trafficking ; money laundering ; corruption ; computer - software piracy ; credit - card forgery and fraud ; counterfeit currency and identification operations ; and migrant smuggling . "
2001
- Stewart Tendler , Times , London : Customs officers have seized nearly $ 2 million in cash after it was flown into Britain on behalf of Marc Rich , the fugitive billionaire pardoned by Bill Clinton .
Mr Rich , whose presidential pardon is under investigation by the FBI , now has to prove that the cash was honestly acquired , or he could lose it .
Investigators are holding the cash under powers aimed at preventing drug traffickers moving their profits from country to country .
. .
2001
- In 1984 , a Clinton bodyguard , state trooper L.D. Brown , applied for a CIA opening .
Clinton gave him help on his application essay including making it more Reaganesque on the topic of Nicaragua .
According to Brown , he met a CIA recruiter in Dallas whom he later identified as former member of Vice President Bush 's staff .
On the recruiter 's instruction , he also met with notorious drug dealer Barry Seal in a Little Rock restaurant , later joining Seal in flight to Honduras with a purported shipment of M16s and a return load of duffel bags .
Brown got $ 2,500 in small bills for the flight .
Concerned about the mission , Brown consulted with Clinton who said , " Oh , you can handle it , do n't sweat it . "
On second flight , Brown found cocaine in a duffel bag and again he sought Clinton 's counsel .
Clinton allegedly said to the politically conservative Brown , " Your buddy Bush knows about it " and of the cocaine , " that 's Lasater 's deal . "
2001
- In 1985 , Clinton established the Arkansas Development Finance Authority that would become , in the words of one well - connected Arkansan " his own political piggy bank . "
Though millions of dollars were funneled to Clinton allies , records of repayments would be hazy or non-existent .
. .
Later , an investigator found evidence of an electronic transfer of $ 50 million from the Arkansas Development Financial Authority to a bank in the Cayman Islands .
2001 - In 1989 Terry Reed filed a civil action against Buddy Young , chief of the Clinton security detail and later a top FEMA official .
Reed argued that he had been framed after trying to pull away from his involvement in the Iran - Contra machinations .
. .
One estimate was that ten million dollars were passing through Mena every week .
Patterson said the matter was repeatedly discussed in front of Clinton by his bodyguards .
Patterson said the governor had " very little comment to make ; he was just listening to what was being said . "
Reed 's case unraveled when the state judge ruled that no evidence regarding Mena , the CIA , Dan Lasater , the Arkansas Development Finance Agency , or the Clintons would be permitted .
( CNNMoney.com ) --
For the 12th consecutive month , small businesses made deep staffing cuts : Companies with 500 or fewer workers cut 430,000 positions in January , according to the latest ADP ( ADP , Fortune 500 ) employment report , released Wednesday .
Small employers are typically the last to cut jobs and the first to create them , which makes January 's job - loss numbers a worrying omen for the rest of the year .
Joel Prakken , chairman of ADP 's research partner , Macroeconomic Advisers , does n't expect improvement any time soon .
" We believe that for the first half of this year , the economy will continue to contract , " he said .
" There may be growth in the second half , but it will be sluggish . "
More than one year into the ongoing recession , business owners say they 're running out of options for cutting costs .
" The last thing we want to do is lay off , " said Nan Gehlen , who runs aluminum boat manufacturing company Ottercraft in Kingston , Wash .
" We make a lot of sacrifices to preserve our work force , to give them high salaries and good benefits . "
But in the past six months , Gehlen has had to gradually reduce her staff of 15 to five .
All around her , businesses are closing down .
Personal boat orders have dropped to near zero - people are n't looking to invest $ 40,000 in a boat when they 're worried about their daily living expenses .
Corporate orders have slowed as well , which leaves Gehlen relying on government contracts .
She recently procured one , but needs financing to fulfill the order .
Turned down for a loan or credit line by every bank she 's approached , Gehlen has had to personally float the cash she needs to keep operating .
" It 's getting to a point where I have no money to give any more and I 'm hanging on by my bootstraps , " she says .
" I realize that without employees , we can't get the work done .
But if I can't afford them , it 's a catch - 22 . "
Likewise , Sarah Penewell , owner of the Sarah boutique in Denver , was forced to lay off one full - and two part - time employees in December .
That leaves her and her co-owner pulling 60 - hour weeks to run the shop alone .
" We 're down 20 % , but we 're trying to stay positive , " she said .
With no one left to lay off , she 's now relying on other cost - cutting tactics .
" For the spring inventory , I 've asked for breaks from the vendors , such as free shipping or a 10 % discount on orders .
I pass those savings on to my customers , so that they 're more enticed to purchase . "
Eyes on the stimulus
Penewell said that so long as things do n't get worse , her store will stay afloat .
She hopes the long - anticipated stimulus package President Obama and Congress hope to pass this month will slow the economic turmoil .
" For us , the most important thing is for my customers to keep their jobs so they can continue buying , " she said .
" If I do n't have customers , it wo n't matter if I can get a loan or not .
I hope the stimulus addresses the needs of industries that impact Colorado , such as energy , tech , and telecom - if they stay strong , we 'll have customers . "
But Prakken doubts the tide can be turned that quickly .
" Macroeconomic Advisers projects another 3 million layoffs , plus or minus , in next 12 months , " he said .
" That means for the next year , we 'll be seeing layoff numbers that will be about as drastic as the ones we 're seeing today . "
In Kingston , Gehlen is trying to keep her four - year - old business afloat with an array of cost - cutting measures .
She 's cut her inventory and stopped paying herself a salary , and is considering moving to smaller , less expensive facilities , since orders for larger boats have dried up .
Simultaneously , she 's working to improve her company 's visibility by pounding the pavement at trade shows and customer service by extending warranties .
Until sales pick up , what Gehlen needs most is access to interim capital .
She says she would like more accountability on the government bank bailouts :
When Uncle Sam lends money , she wants to see tracking on how much of that cash filters through to creditworthy borrowers .
Small businesses like Gehlen 's are like the canary in the coal mine when it comes to employment forecasts .
When conditions improve , they 're usually the fastest to start hiring again .
" I expect that [ small businesses ] will be first to come out of it , " Prakken said .
" Coming out of the '01 recession , small businesses lead the way .
They were first to have employment numbers turn positive - almost two years before large companies stared hiring again .
They will be vanguard of any change . "
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Israeli aircraft have bombed a Hamas security target in Gaza City and tunnels said to be used by the militant group along the border with Egypt .
There were no reports of casualties after the strikes late on Sunday .
Israeli PM Ehud Olmert earlier vowed a " disproportionate " response to rocket attacks on Israel from Gaza .
He was speaking soon after at least two rockets hit southern Israel .
Later three Israelis were injured in a mortar barrage by Palestinian militants .
Late on Sunday , Israeli aircraft carried out a strike on an empty Hamas police station in Gaza City , Palestinian witnesses say .
They say the building had been vacated after an Israeli warning to residents to leave the area .
Palestinians also reported explosions in Rafah on the Gaza - Egypt border , where Hamas operates tunnels to smuggle in weapons and food .
The Israeli army has so far made no comments .
Abbas criticism Mr Olmert warned Hamas of " a disproportionate Israeli response "
Two weeks ago , Israel and Hamas - which controls Gaza - declared separate truces ending a three - week conflict .
Palestinian Authority and Hamas officials are gathering in Cairo for talks aimed at boosting the ceasefires .
An adviser to Ismail Haniya , who heads the Hamas government in Gaza , told AFP news agency the militant group was waiting for Israel 's response to a truce offer , transmitted by Egypt , adding that things were " moving in a positive direction " .
The Egyptians have been leading efforts to broker a permanent ceasefire by holding separate talks with officials from Israel and Hamas .
But Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas told journalists in Cairo that talks were impossible with anyone who rejected the supremacy of the Palestine Liberation Organisation - in an apparent reference to Hamas 's leadership .
He also accused Hamas of having " taken risks with the blood of Palestinians , with their fate , and dreams and aspirations for an independent Palestinian state " .
Civilian casualty Israel wants the rocket attacks to end and wants to prevent militants in Gaza from being able to rearm .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Hamas wants the border crossings into Gaza to be fully opened to end a 18 - month blockade of Gaza .
Speaking at the weekly Israeli cabinet meeting , Mr Olmert warned Israel would respond forcefully to renewed rocket fire .
" We 've said that if there is rocket fire against the south of the country , there will be a disproportionate Israeli responce to the fire on the citizens of Israel and its security forces , " he said .
" The response will come at the time , the place and the manner that we choose . "
His strong stance was echoed by Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Defence Minister Ehud Barak .
Soon afterwards , militants fired mortars at an Israeli village near the Gaza border , injuring two soldiers and a civilian .
This was the first Israeli civilian casualty since the 18 January ceasefires which ended Israel 's three - week assault on Gaza , which it said was aimed at stopping rocket attacks .
Earlier , a rocket landed between two nursery schools in Eshkol region of southern Israel , media reports said .
On Saturday , a rocket fired from Gaza exploded near the Israeli city of Ashkelon , with no casualties reported , and at least two were fired in the days before .
The ceasefires , independently declared by each side , have been violated several times .
An Israeli soldier was killed in a bomb attack on the Gaza border last Tuesday .
Israel responded with air raids and a brief ground incursion by soldiers and tanks .
About 1,300 Palestinians and 10 Israeli soldiers were killed in Israel 's devastating three - week assault on Gaza .
Three Israeli citizens died in rocket attacks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Arturo González se negó a aplicar la eutanasia a una gallina y logró el apoyo de autoridades de la UNAM
[ email protected ] Querían obligarlos a matarlas pero ellos estaban decididos : no lo harían .
Llegaron al salón y , de inmediato , los maestros les advirtieron que reprobarían por negarse a aplicar el método de la “ eutanasia ” .
Y los expulsaron de la clase .
Eran cinco estudiantes de la Facultad de Veterinaria de la UNAM que , por objeción de conciencia , se negaron durante su curso de Metodología Diagnóstica a simplemente “ matar por matar ” , sin anestesia , a gallinas sanas .
Para ellos era una gran contradicción pues la eutanasia , que acelera la muerte del ser que sufre a consecuencia de males de salud , se realiza a desahuciados .
Este no era el caso .
Ese 10 de septiembre de 2007 , además de que 10 gallinas fueron sacrificadas , se gestó el inicio de una pequeña batalla emprendida por Arturo González , que a la par de luchar por los derechos de los animales peleó por una norma asentada en el Código de Ética de los Médicos Veterinarios Zootecnistas : no realizar actos que les causen daño emocional o que atenten contra sus principios y su propia conciencia , aun cuando se los solicite una autoridad , un cliente o un profesor .
¿ Pero cómo un estudiante de veterinaria se iba a negar a matar a un animal durante una práctica ?
¿ Cómo iba a aprender si no era quitándole la vida a otro ser , como tradicionalmente se realiza en la institución ?
Para Arturo González , ahora de 23 años , es posible respetar la vida de los animales y , al mismo tiempo , desarrollar las habilidades que un médico veterinario debe tener .
Utilizar un video donde se muestre la técnica a desarrollar , utilizar un software interactivo , conseguir modelos de anatomía clásica , utilizar gallinas plastinadas que son flexibles y abordar casos clínicos reales de gallinas enfermas que realmente necesiten un método de eutanasia son algunas de las posibilidades que Arturo considera pueden llevarse a cabo en las prácticas estudiantiles .
Rebeldes con causa
La lucha de Arturo , que va más allá de aprobar una materia , consiste en cambiar el método de enseñanza habitual en el que se maltrata y hace sufrir a los animales sin sentido .
Este joven llevó estos argumentos y la defensa de su derecho de objeción de conciencia al Consejo Técnico de su facultad , instancia que el 23 de octubre de 2007 , luego de casi un mes de los hechos , falló en favor del estudiante .
Para su defensa , Arturo recurrió a la legislación existente , tanto nacional como internacional .
Retomó el Pacto Internacional de Derechos Civiles y Políticos firmado por México , donde se señala que nadie será objeto de medidas coercitivas que puedan menoscabar su libertad de tener o de adoptar la religión o las creencias de su elección , así como manifestarlas en público como en privado , mediante el culto , la celebración de los ritos , las prácticas y la enseñanza .
Arturo , estudiante de séptimo semestre en ese entonces , estaba dispuesto a llevar su caso a instancias extraescolares .
Y lo dejó claro al incluir , en su exposición de motivos , el artículo 46 de la Ley de protección a los animales del Distrito Federal , que señala que ningún alumno podrá ser obligado a experimentar con animales contra su voluntad , y el profesor deberá proporcionar prácticas alternativas para otorgar calificación aprobatoria .
En el mismo artículo se advierte que quien obligue a un alumno a realizar estas prácticas contra su voluntad podrá ser denunciado .
Ya no matan gallinas en clase La determinación de Arturo de llevar su caso a instancias legales orilló al Consejo Técnico a dar un fallo en favor de la causa de los cinco estudiantes .
Les garantizaron por escrito que no serían afectados en sus calificaciones .
Sin embargo , Arturo considera que la decisión de este órgano no tuvo la fuerza suficiente como para sentar un precedente y resolver casos similares en la Facultad .
Pero también reconoce que dieron un paso adelante en la lucha por los derechos de los animales .
A casi dos años de este levantamiento , hoy existe un procedimiento no escrito : en la clase de Metodología Diagnóstica no se obliga a los estudiantes a matar a las gallinas y se pueden llevar anestésicos para practicar la eutanasia .
Cuando el caso de Arturo llegó al Consejo Técnico ya era identificado por algunos profesores .
Unos meses antes , sin saber qué significaba objeción de conciencia , el estudiante propuso ante la misma instancia que en Virología , donde se programan prácticas con “ animales de laboratorio ” ( uno o dos huevos con un embrión de pollo vivo por alumno o una rata ) , se modificara el “ Texto y Cuaderno de Trabajo Laboratorio de Virología ” .
“ En un análisis que hice sobre el manual de Virología argumenté cómo modificando cinco prácticas se salvarían cerca de 3 mil animales al semestre ( ratoncitos y embriones de pollo ) ” , cuenta Arturo .
Todo este esfuerzo lo hizo con el objetivo de que se dejaran de utilizar embriones de pollo vivos , o en su defecto se redujera significativamente la cantidad de estos animales en las prácticas pues , argumentó , carecen de bioética en cuanto a la utilización de animales en una cantidad excesiva e innecesaria , y hasta cierto punto inútil .
En ese caso , aunque Arturo no estaba asesorado legalmente , sí logró reunir 200 firmas de compañeros que lo respaldaban en esta solicitud generando con ello que hubiera una disposición para que la forma de hacer las prácticas se cambiara .
Sin embargo , hasta la fecha no se han modificado los procesos , pues algunos profesores argumentan que las alternativas no son suficientes .
El alcance de estos actos de objeción de conciencia ha llevado a académicos a identificar de manera sarcástica a la generación de Arturo como la que “ no quiere hacer las cosas ” .
Pero Arturo se defiende y dice : “ No es no querer hacer las cosas , sino hacerlas diferente y sin modificar el resultado de la buena calidad de la enseñanza ” .
Incluso , una vez resuelto su caso de objeción de conciencia , autoridades de la Facultad le indicaron de buena manera que “ si Veterinaria no es lo tuyo , te asesoramos para que te cambies de carrera ” .
Pero no , Arturo tiene claro que Veterinaria es lo suyo .
Hace unas semanas tuvo que matar a un borrego .
Su muerte estaba justificada , dice , pues tenía varios tumores e insuficiencia respiratoria .
“ Después de que el profesor le aplicó la pistola de perno cautivo que sólo insensibiliza al animal , le corté la yugular y le di un fin digno .
Es parte de mi trabajo que siempre lo desarrollaré con respeto a otro ser vivo , aunque su vida , como la de las gallinas , cueste 40 pesos ” .
