Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Rival US companies Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines have agreed to merge in a $ 5 bn ( £ 2.5 bn ) deal that will create the world 's biggest carrier .
The new airline , to be called Delta , will have annual revenue of more than $ 35bn and employ about 75,000 staff .
Analysts say the deal could prompt similar moves by other US airlines struggling with rising oil prices .
But the deal , sealed a year after both carriers exited bankruptcy protection , could face resistance from unions .
Pilots for Northwest and the union acting on behalf of most of the carrier 's ground workers said they would oppose the merger .
Airlines worldwide are suffering in the wake of a consumer slowdown in the US and Europe , making it harder to raise ticket prices to offset rising fuel - prices .
" Merging Delta and Northwest is the most effective way to offset higher fuel prices and improve efficiencies , increase international presence and fund long - term investment in the business , " said Delta chief executive Richard Anderson , who is also to lead the new airline .
However , shares in both companies had fallen by market close on Tuesday .
Northwest shares fell 94 cents , or 8.4 % , to $ 10.28 , while Delta lost $ 1.32 , or 12.6 % , to $ 9.16 .
' Pro-merger '
The merger agreed on Monday night will see Northwest shareholders receiving 1.25 Delta shares for each of their Northwest shares .
The combined company will be based in Atlanta .
An unspecified number of job cuts are expected to reduce overlap in corporate and administrative departments , Delta said .
Before the merger , Delta had said it would eliminate 2,000 jobs this year .
The deal still requires approval from competition authorities but it is not expected to face hurdles on that front .
" We will look at the competitive effects of the transaction and how it would affect consumers , " Justice Department spokeswoman Gina Talamona said on Tuesday afternoon .
" This administration has taken a very pro-merger stance , " said Diana Moss , an economist at the American Antitrust Institute .
A concerned citizen who has been hunting the oligarchy and Deep State since 2004 .
My actions forced me to abandon recently my 2,000 colleagues at Overstock.com .
Help them out by going to Overstock.com and making a purchase .
I would rather try describing what an oyster tastes like than try to analyze Jim Cramer .
For the sake of the integrity of my story , however , analyze him I must .
I will confine myself to two prefatory comments :
1 ) Jim is a complicated man .
I say this neither to excuse nor condemn him .
Instead , I am acknowledging that to my eye Jim Cramer ’s moral code is written in hieroglyphics , and I would no more try to judge that code than would an anthropologist pass judgment on the rite - of - passage ceremonies of some obscure tribe .
In the face of something so foreign , one may only say , it is what it is .
The precise reason why Cramer exists beyond good and evil , however , must wait until the end of this piece .
2 ) The first lesson I had in securities law was given me by Gordon Macklin , a revered figure within modern Wall Street history : he built NASDAQ , and was the Co- CEO of Hambrecht & Quist .
I was fortunate enough to have Mr Macklin as a kind of Dutch Uncle to me from the time that I was a teenager until his passing in early 2007 .
When I was a lad I once asked Mr. Macklin , “ Do companies ever do this - or - that in order to make their stocks go up ? ” Macklin replied , “ There is one thing you need to know about securities law : anytime someone purposefully does something in order to make a stock go up or go down , he is doing something illegal .
You can go to law school and study it for years , but that ’s what it boils down to .
You make bets on stocks , but you never purposefully make the price of a stock move in either direction .
It ’s manipulation .
It ’s illegal .
That is the first thing you need to know about the stock market . ”
Years later I went to work for one of the great Graham - Dodd value investors of Wall Street .
From the behavior of him and those in his firm the same lesson was reinforced , and I internalized it to the point that it would have seemed strange even to mention it .
In fact , I would put it on par with knowledge among health care workers that one is supposed to wash one ’s hands between seeing patients , and when I left Wall Street I would have supposed it as rare to find someone there who did not know that one does not purposefully move the prices of stocks as it would be to find a nurse who did not know about germs .
Jim Cramer has spent his investing career manipulating stock prices up and down , and his career as a journalist explaining how he does it .
Thus to this untutored eye , Cramer ’s public statements appear to be confessions of wildly illegal acts .
So my second prefatory remark is that Jim Cramer ’s continued freedom bewilders me .
I felt that , in fairness to Cramer , I should be clear about those two points .
I also believe that , deep down , Jim will be grateful for what I write here .
JIM’S BACKGROUND AND EARLY MOMENTUM
Jim Cramer grew up in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , then attended Harvard , where he was editor of the Harvard Crimson .
After graduatiing in 1977 he spent two years as a general assignment reporter , first in Florida for the Tallahassee Democrat and then in California for the Los Angeles Herald Examiner .
He began investing in 1979 .
In 1981 Cramer entered Harvard Law , but spent much of his time there thinking about stocks and investing .
“ By the end of the first year , ” he later wrote , “ I was reviewing the portfolios of most of my professors ” ( Jim Cramer , Confessions of a Street Addict , New York : Simon & Schuster , 2002 , page 14 ) .
After a summer associate position at the prestigious New York law firm of Fried Frank , and some time doing legal research for Alan Dershowitz , Cramer decided to shift from law to business .
Cramer ’s early investment success attracted the attention of Martin Peretz , owner and editor of The New Republic and friend of Michael Steinhardt , and in 1982 , Peretz handed Cramer a check for $ 500,000 , for Cramer to invest .
In the summer of 1983 Cramer interned at Goldman Sachs , whereat Cramer learned the plumbing of the stock market .
In 1984 , when Cramer graduated from Harvard Law , Peretz threw Cramer a graduation party attended by Peretz ’s wealthy friends , many of whom placed money with Cramer .
After graduating Cramer again went to work for Goldman , where his primary job was new - client acquisition ( among the wealthy clients Cramer brought to Goldman was Steve Ballmer , who recently became the CEO of Microsoft ) .
Cramer viewed himself as a young go - getter , and claims that some of Bud Fox ’s exploits in the movie Wall Street were inspired by an interview the film - makers did with Cramer ( Confessions of a Street Addict , page 33 ) .
While at Goldman , Cramer wrote short financial pieces for The New Republic .
Among them was a positive book review for Peretz ’s friend Ivan Boesky .
However , Cramer became unsatisfied with life at Goldman : he preferred picking stocks to selling the picks of the Goldman Research Department .
In 1986 , after a negative article about Cramer appeared in The New York Times , Cramer decided to leave Goldman Sachs and set up his own hedge fund with Larry Levy .
Peretz , who still had money with Cramer , helped Cramer ’s new fund raise capital .
“ I went to see Marty ’s good friend Michael Steinhardt , the same man whom I had told that Reebok was a great long and not a great short .
Steinhardt had not covered the Reebok .
He had let it run , against my advice .
He told me , however , that he would have saved millions of dollars had he listened to me and that he wanted to put money with me and give me office space so I could learn how to trade .
I told him I knew how to trade .
He told me no , I knew how to spot good ideas ; I had no idea really how to run money , even though I had been trading for almost a decade . ”
( Confessions of a Street Addict , page 47 . )
JIM MEETS A GAL AFTER HIS OWN HEART
Cramer started the fund in a corner of Steinhardt ’s office in April 1987 .
During his first week he suffered huge losses , dropping 9.9 % .
John Lattanzio , one of Steinhardt ’s main traders , offered to help Cramer out of trouble .
Lattanzio advised Cramer to sell everything , cover his positions , and start over .
Fatefully , Lattanzio also suggested that Cramer study other veteran Steinhardt traders , among them , Karen Backfisch ( Confessions of a Street Addict , pages 51 - 52 ) .
Karen Backfish had graduated from the State University of New York at Stony Brook and went on to work at Lehman Brothers .
She had risen to become an assistant vice president at Lehman , helping portfolio managers .
Karen ’s boss , Mark Howard , was hired away to Steinhardt partners , and he brought Karen with him .
As Cramer frequently makes clear , she showed him the ropes at Steinhardt ’s ( in fact , he has frequently called her , “ The Trading Goddess ” ) .
“ How she did it was by gaming Wall Street , trying to anticipate moves of analysts before they were made , and placing big bets on the direction that analysts were going to go .
That way , she said , you always had an edge , you never owned anything idly , and you always had an exit strategy .
“ I said that ’s all well and good , but no analyst is going to give you a call before announcing his position .
You ca n’t get analysts to tell you what they are going to do beforehand .
“ Of course , she said .
So what you had to do was make dozens of calls to brokers and analysts every day to ask them what they thought of stocks .
She said you looked for situations where the analysts were growing more positive and you fed them positive information that you got from others .
You pitted them against one another .
You told them that someone else was going to upgrade .
If you could be sure they were warming up to a story , or if you caught them on the phone before they told their sales forces that their earnings estimates were too high or too low , you might have something .
“ Karen explained to me that the analyst game was a game of sponsorship .
Analysts like to get behind stocks and bull them .
You have to get in on the ground floor when they start their sponsorship campaign .
If Merrill is the sponsor of a stock , it could be good for 5 points .
If Goldman sponsored something , it could be good for 10 .
You want to buy something and flip it — sell it immediately — into the sponsorship .
That ’s the only sure thing on Wall Street .
“ When I asked her how we could find out about all of these wonderful things when I was jut a little hedge fund manager , she said one word : ‘ commish . ’…
Commissions , she explained , determined what you are told , what you will know , and how much you can find out .
If you do a massive amount of commission business , analysts will return your calls , brokers will work for you , and you will get plenty of ideas to make money , on both a short - and long - term basis …
Commissions greased everything . ”
( Confessions of a Street Addict , pages 51 - 52 . )
Again , I find this perplexing because , to this admittedly non-lawyerly eye , it is a description of a crime .
It would be illegal for analysts at Merrill Lynch or Goldman Sachs to reciprocate large trading commissions paid to their firms by tipping off traders about upcoming “ sponsorship ” of various stocks , thus permitting those traders to “ sell into the sponsorship . ”
So is , I reckon , “ pitt[ing ] analysts against one another ” by “ feeding ” them information ( “ You told them that someone else was going to upgrade ” ) if is untrue , and arguably , even if it is true but done simply to move a stock ( and as we shall see , the veracity of any of this matters matters little to Jim ) .
Even if it ’s “ the only sure thing on Wall Street , ” it is illegal .
Yet Jim tells this story , proudly , in his own book .
The reader may also note how closely it matches the story I told about Michael Steinhardt , and one man ’s description of what it was like to be on the receiving ends of such calls .
“ Confessions ” indeed .
In 1988 , Karen joined Cramer & Company .
The fund performed well at first , and Jim and Karen married .
In 1990 she became pregnant but kept working .
In 1992 , Cramer & Co. hired Jeff Berkowitz from Columbia Business School .
Cramer described their evolving business model succinctly :
“ We had it down to a science in 1992 : my wife would pick stocks that technically looked ready to go up , or she would keep track of merchandise to see what was down to tag ends .
She would then generate a list of stocks that could move quickly on good news .
Jeff would then go to work calling the companies to try to find anything good we could say about them .
I would call the analysts to see I they were hearing anything .
When we found a stock that looked ready technically to break out , or where the supply had been mopped up , and Jeff found something positive at the company , and I knew the analyst community did n’t know anything positive , we would load up with call options and common stock and then give the good news to our favorite analysts who liked the stock so they could go do their promotion .
That would get the buzz going and we would then be able to liquidate the position into the buzz for a handsome profit . ” ( Confessions of a Street Addict , page 61 ) .
In his pride at mastering “ down to a science ” the art of manipulating public interest , Jim left unstated how he felt about the public that , once its interest had been so stimulated , found itself on the other side of the trades from which Jim was profiting .
In fact , Jim seems to have a tin-ear for his own words , because , as I said earlier , what he describes above would have seemed patently illegal to Wall Street folks of a generation ago , for the reasons I described at the outset of this piece .
Years later , in a venue he apparently did not anticipate would become public , Jim described how he really felt about those compliant analysts and reporters he manipulated artfully and with such apparent ease .
Here is a transcript of the event .
For the full video , see here .
Or , just go here and pick whichever part of the video grabs you .
It matters not where you start it , as throughout it Jim Cramer displays his comfort with stock manipulation in ways that he claims no no one else will admit , but which are illegal and beyond the capacity of the SEC to grasp , as he sees it .
Also throughout it Jim displays his thorough comfort at fleecing the rubes ( that is , cheating other market participants by manipulating stocks ) : in fact , the video is an exercise in Jim ’s pride in that direction .
NICHOLAS MAIER AND TRADING WITH THE ENEMY
In 1994 Cramer hired Nicholas Maier as a favor to Marty Peretz , who was close with the Maier family .
Maier worked for Cramer until 1998 , then left and wrote a tell - all book about his years with Cramer : Trading with the Enemy : Seduction and Betrayal on Jim Cramer ’s Wall Street ( New York : HarperCollins , 2002 )
It contained detailed description of Cramer ’s manic and abusive style .
For example , Maier recounted the following scene after a trader at Cramer ’s firm , Mark Kantor , executed a buy order at a price one - quarter point higher than what Cramer had expected , a total difference of $ 625 :
“ ‘ The broker fucked us , big time ! ’
“ ‘ The eighth offering was fading when we called , ’ Mark explained .
“ Jim bit down on his lower lip as his hands clench into fists .
He leaned forward to get closer to Mark , and started banging on the top of his monitors .
The crown of his balding skull reddened as he yelled at the top of his lungs in a high - pitched whine .
“ ‘ I told you they fucked us !
Fucked us , fucked us , fucked us !’
“ ‘ Listen to me . ’
With piercing eyes Jim scanned our sober faces .
‘ This is not some fucking joke ! ’ he screamed , spit flying from his mouth .
‘ We are at war .
We are in a foxhole . ’
He flung out his hands .
‘ Everyone out there is the enemy ! ’
“ Mark nodded to show Jim that he understood .
That was n’t what Jim wanted .
He started smashing his phone over and over on the desk in front of him .
He lifted a monitor and heaved it like a shot put .
After flying several feet , it shattered on the floor . ”
( Trading with the Enemy , page 29 ) .
Maier also described Cramer ’s questionable trading ethics .
One passage noted a brush with naked short selling :
Jim turns toward his head trader .
“ Mark , sell ten thousand Bristol Myers . ”
“ We never bought any Bristol Myers , ” Mark replies .
“ We own the calls , ” Jim corrects Mark impatiently , aggravated by the delay .
“ So sell it short ? ” Mark asks for clarification .
Mark knows that according to the SEC rule book , selling stock you do n’t already own ( even if you do own the call options ) must be marked and executed as a short sale .
“ You are confusing me with someone who gives a shit .
Just sell it !
I said hit the fucking bid ! ” adds Jim , not interested in wasting time over petty semantics .
Skirting the “ plus tick ” rule in this case wo n’t necessarily make us a lot of extra money , but in Jim ’s eyes , the rule is still an unenforceable annoyance .
“ And do n’t ever ask me that again ! ” ( Trading With the Enemy , pages 70 - 71 ) .
Please put a pin in this expression of Jim Cramer ’s concern for this somewhat obscure “ plus tick ” rule .
I will return to it later .
Maier also describes Jim ’s cozy yet perilous relationship with analysts at brokerage firms .
When one unlucky analyst forgot to call Jim before he downgraded a stock , Jim screamed into the phone :
“ All I pay you too much fucking money for is … to pick up the goddamn phone and call me — call me — before you call anyone else . ” ( Trading With the Enemy , page 86 ) .
In Maier ’s artful summary :
“ Jim did n’t care whether an analyst was ultimately right in his or her opinion .
He just wanted to take advantage of the closest thing to a sure bet in the stock market today : the short - term effect any commentary might have . ”
( Trading With the Enemy , page 86 ) .
Presumably , the reader sees the consistency between this story and the one in “ Michael Steinhardt – ‘ When the Bad Guys Came to Town ' ” about the broker whom Steinhardt berated in precisely the same manner .
It would seem that Steinhardt taught Karen and Karen taught Jim , who wanted “ The Edge ” just as much as Steinhardt had .
In fact , Trading with the Enemy is replete with examples of how analysts release information to favored insiders before a formal report is released .
Maier recounts a social evening with a Smith Barney analyst .
The analyst tells Maier that the Smith Barney analyst is going to change a “ hold ” rating on a stock to a “ buy , ” then adds this :
“ Listen , Sherlock , just remember one thing .
If you ’re going to buy it , buy it with us .
We get a cut of every trade you do in the stocks we cover .
“ Thus there was a quantifiable reason that such information was ‘ leaked ’ to good clients like Cramer & Company .
This senior analyst received a direct kickback from getting Cramer & Company to traffic in stocks his company covered .
Joe helped me to make money , and I was expected to return the favor .
By the time the stock was upgraded from a hold to a strong buy , Cramer & Company had bought fifty thousand shares .
All the trades were placed with Smith Barney . ” ( Trading With the Enemy , page 90 . )
JIM’S BEHAVIOR BECOMES TOO OBVIOUS FOR EVEN THE SEC TO MISS
While Cramer & Co. was establishing itself as a viable hedge fund , Jim Cramer continued working on the side as a financial journalist , in an lapse of multiple social institutions ( e.g. , editorial judgment , regulation , and perhaps law enforcement ) .
In 1990 the Wall Street Journal approached Cramer and asked him to help found a new opinion magazine about stocks and personal finance .
Jim Stewart , Steve Swartz , and Norm Perlstein wanted a “ real live money manager ” to write for them .
Cramer accepted their offer .
In 1995 , Jim Cramer ’s two vocations — money manager and journalist — finally collided in a way that resulted in an SEC investigation .
Cramer and Maier tell the story in different ways .
I will relate the events from both of their perspectives .
In February 1995 , Cramer wrote a piece for his “ Unconventional Wisdom ” column in SmartMoney .
The piece was entitled “ Pity the Poor Orphans ” , and focused on four stocks that lacked coverage by Wall Street analysts : Canonie Environmental , Hogan Systems , Rexon , and UFP Technologies .
In his column Jim made strong claims about these stocks , predicting , for example , that “ when the move comes , Canonie … might triple in price ” and that UFTP would “ grow like wildfire . ” ( Trading With the Enemy , page 107 ) .
After the article appeared , all four stocks jumped between 30 and 50 percent in a few days .
Unfortunately , the article had neglected to mention that Cramer had large positions in all four stocks .
Shortly thereafter , Howard Kurtz of the Washington Post wrote a story about how Cramer had used his position at SmartMoney to enrich himself .
CNBC ’s Dan Dorfman also called for an investigation .
Eventually the SEC opened a formal investigation into Cramer on three grounds :
1 ) Whether Cramer was allowed to write about stocks he owned ;
2 ) Why had Cramer failed to disclose his ownership ;
3 ) Whether Cramer took money from the companies to write favorable articles .
For his part , Cramer claimed that the column ’s omission of any mention that he owned large positions in the stocks he was touting was an oversight of the publisher , and that he , Cramer , had immediately contacted DowJones to notify them that his article moved the stocks .
He also claims he placed a call to his lawyer , Bruce Birenboim , a partner at Paul Weiss .
Cramer consulted Arthur Liman , lead counsel for Michael Milken , for legal advice during the SEC investigation .
According to Cramer , Liman told Cramer that this was just a “ hangnail ” and he had nothing to worry about .
( Confessions of a Street Addict , page 74 . )
DowJones conducted its own internal investigation .
Eventually , DowJones wrote a letter to the SEC accepting blame for failing to disclose Cramer ’s ownership in the article , and the inquiry ended .
Dow Jones also paid for Cramer ’s legal fees , about $ 700,000 .
( Confessions of a Street Addict , page 81 . )
Cramer has minimized the significance of the entire episode , writing , “ They were tiny stocks that I thought represent value because they were n’t being promoted or sponsored by any firm . ”
( Confessions of a Street Addict , page 70 . )
In later years , Cramer would go on to claim that it was obvious from the tone of the article that he owned the stocks , and additionally , that the episode was part of a conspiracy against him driven by Rupert Murdoch and News Corp ( Katherine Mieszkowski , “ It was just stupid , ” Salon.com , June 4 , 2002 ) .
Unsurprisingly , having observed the preceding events from the inside , Nick Maier tells a different story :
“ … none of the orphans had been winners for the firm until then .
Jim ’s typical approach was to constantly trade in and out of the market .
When he started picking away at these names , he had no intention of ever owning 10 percent of Canonie , Hogan , Rexon , or UFP Technologies .
Because they performed so poorly , we continually averaged down , and eventually acquired more shares than we ever imagined we would .
Once that happened , because of their illiquid status , it became impossible to sell even had we wanted to …There were plenty of days before Jim wrote the article , and even more after , that he criticized those stocks as perennial ‘ pieces of shit ’ and ‘ worthless losers . ' ”
( Trading With the Enemy , page 110 . )
In short , Maier is contending that advice Cramer was giving the public under the guise of helping them manage their savings ( “ SmartMoney “ ) was actually being driven by Cramer ’s need to dump his own positions without cratering the market .
When a trusting public acted on Jim ’s tip and bought shares , he dumped his shares onto the public .
The only lesson Cramer learned from the “ four orphans ” incident , Maier claims , was that he , Cramer , had the power to move stocks through the press .
Cramer went on to build controversial relationships with CNBC news anchors , including Maria Bartiromo and David Faber .
Cramer credits Bartiromo with bringing him to CNBC ( Confessions of a Street Addict , page 126 ) .
Maier has clarified how Cramer used these relationships :
“ Jim ’s strategy was to put in his order to buy a stock with Mark and then dial Maria .
As soon as she announced the news on television , the stock would often jump .
Jim then had Mark peel off whatever we had bought . ”
( Trading With the Enemy , page 124-125 . )
Note the consistency in this progression from Michael Steinhardt to Karen Backfish to Jim Cramer .
Steinhardt had a taste for “ The Edge , ” that is , knowing what analysts were going to say before the public knew .
Then for Karen Backfish and Jim Cramer the Edge became telling analysts what to say .
Eventually Cramer ’s “ edge ” became writing the news himself and having it appear in his own columns , or spoon - feeding it to compliant reporters who would regurgitate it on cue .
Nicholas Maier worked for Cramer until 1998 .
He left , and his tell - all book was published in 2002 , shortly after Cramer ’s Confessions of a Street Addict , at which point Journalist Jim Cramer ’s commitment to the First Amendment snapped .
He sued HarperCollins and Nick Maier for statements about Cramer ’s dealings in a company called Western Digital .
HarperCollins proceeded to buy up all copies of the book that were already in the market ( David D. Kirkpatrick , “ HarperCollins To Junk Copies Of a New Book Cited as Libel , ” New York Times , March 16 , 2002 ) .
HarperCollins then did one reprint of the book , but it was missing three pages .
Trading with the Enemy is now only available used , in secondary markets ( word is that in some circles folks will pay big money for any copy of the original book which includes those three pages ) .
After the publication of Trading With the Enemy and in the face of various forms of intimidation , Nick Maier did his best to disappear from the face of the earth .
Some years ago I tracked Nick down : he was living a quiet , modest off - the - grid life ( and had found one of my favorite places in the world to do it ) .
Given that years had elapsed between the legal mushroom cloud under which Nick had disappeared from New York and the time I located him , I thought he might be willing to meet .
I asked an associate to contact Nick .
Over the phone , Nick was open and forthcoming .
Between that day , however , and the moment several days later when my associate arrived on his doorstep , Nick ’s attitude had changed .
According to Nick , just the day before , “ A plane full of New York lawyers had descended ” on him , and he would be unable to speak .
Nick had closed his book with a personal reflection : “ I understand that a lot of people are reading this book because of James Cramer , but it was written to leave him behind . ”
( Trading with the Enemy , page 192 . )
I apologize , Nick , for any trouble I reintroduced into your life that day .
THESTREET.COM
In 1996 Cramer co-founded TheStreet.com with Marty Peretz .
Cramer and Peretz wanted to challenge newswires like Reuters , DowJones , and Bloomberg for a fraction of the fee .
Cramer envisioned “ an on - line newspaper that reported and commented on stocks in real time ” ( Confessions of a Street Addict , page 84 ) .
Early employees of the TheStreet.com included well - regarded journalists such Michael Lewis , Ravi Desai , and Andrew Drake .
The first few years at TheStreet.com were difficult .
Cramer and Peretz both spent millions sustaining the company , and eventually had a falling out .
Cramer claims his physical absence from TheStreet.com — a self - imposed rule due to his primary job as a fund manager — led to waste and inefficiency .
In 1997 the company finally reached 10,000 subscribers , a turning point .
“ We were pleased to rope in Herb Greenberg , the finest investigative journalist in the country … a hire which further boosted traffic . ”
( Confessions of a Street Addict , page 137 ) .
I believe , and I will later show you why I believe , that Herb Greenberg is , in fact The Worst Business Journalist in America .
There may be no one in the same ballpark as Herb , as far as that goes .
But that is a story for a later date .
1999 was an eventful year for Cramer and TheStreet.com .
Cramer and Peretz made up after their bitter falling out .
The Street.com replaced CEO Kevin English with Tom Clarke from Technometrics .
The company cut costs and signed a formal deal with CNBC to share content .
Most significantly , in 1999 TheSteet.com decided to go public .
The IPO was underwritten by Goldman Sachs , Cramer ’s old firm .
Cramer claims to have had no working knowledge of the IPO process prior to his experience with TheStreet.com .
“ For those of us in the stock - buying business , the inner workings of the underwriting process had remained a total mystery .
For all the years I had traded stock , underwritings had been controlled , in secret , entirely by the syndicate desk .
” ( Confessions of a Street Addict , 249 . )
Cramer opines about the injustice of the system , especially when TheStreet.com opened for $ 19 and quickly spiked to over three times that price .
Cramer blamed Goldman for under- pricing TSCM , and claims he advised his father and everyone he knew to sell their shares right when trading opened .
He also claims Knight / Trimark manipulated the price by controlling both the buy and sell sides in order to “ squeeze ” the price up .
( Confessions of a Street Addict , 262 . )
“ We had succeeded in making all the buyers lose money and all the sellers win .
TSCM got one third of what people paid for the company , a colossal price screw - up .
The rest got left on the table .
It is a fiasco that haunts me to this day . ” ( Confessions of a Street Addict , 264 ) .
As with so many of Jim ’s statements , this is scarcely credible .
In fact , Cramer & Co. employed a syndicate manager , Betsy , whose job it was to spot hot new offerings .
When Betsy was fired , the syndicate job went briefly to Maier .
Several years before TSCM went public Cramer explained the IPO process to Nicholas Maier as follows :
“ IPOs are the way the brokerage houses pay back their customers , ” Jim explained .
“ Their investment banking divisions make money underwriting he deal , we make money when it opens at a premium , and the only people fucked are the idiots who hold on longer than the initial print . ”
( Trading with the Enemy , page 95 . )
That is to say , those average American investors whom Cramer now goes on TV nightly and tells , “ I want to make you money . ”
Also of note is the fact that outside of Cramer himself , the largest owner of TheStreet.com was David Rocker ( whom I mentioned at the end of the Steinhardt piece ) .
Mr. Rocker ’s shares of TheStreet.com were held through two offshore funds , Helmsman and Compass , located in the British Virgin Island .
A question the reader might ask at this point is , did these hedge fund managers ( Cramer and Rocker ) own TheStreet.com because they thought it would be a good investment ?
Or is there anything in our story thus far that would suggest a benefit a money manager might enjoy in not just knowing what analysts are going to say before they make it public ( e.g. , Steinhardt ’s “ Edge ” ) , not just being able to count on CNBC ’s Maria Bartiromo to regurgitate tips she is passed , or even , writing one ’s own columns in SmartMoney ( i.e. , Cramer ’s techniques in the 1990 ’s ) , but in becoming an actual publisher of financial news ?
Anyone ?
Anyone ?
Bueller ?
JIM CRAMER THROWS SOME MISDIRECTION ABOUT ENRON
Here is an announcement of a speech Jim Cramer gave on October 25 , 2006 at the Union Club in New York City :
The URL link is as follows : “ http://www.thestreet.com/video/10318181/directorship-cramer-speaks.html” .
Note the “ Directorship - cramer - speaks ” part of the URL .
Shortly after Jim made that speech I received an email from a money manager back East :
“ Patrick , “ James Cramer gave a speech at some forum , which he posted to his website today .
He basically indicts himself one minute and twenty - five seconds into the speech by letting the world know that he received copies of the Enron partnership agreements from a Merrill banker .
Agreements that he specifically states were not disclosed to the public at the time .
I am no lawyer but this seems highly illegal .
“ You can see it here : http://www.thestreet.com/video/10318181/directorship-cramer-speaks.html
“ Hope all is well … ”
I clicked through and there was , indeed , a poorly shot video of Jim Cramer , standing in a luncheon in New York , claiming that before Enron collapsed he had been provided confidential documents by one of Enron ’s bankers ( Merrill Lynch ) about the “ Special Purpose Entities ” Enron was using to play its financial shenanigans , and that he ( Jim ) had used the information to trade ahead of the general public by shorting Enron before its collapse .
Unfortunately , that video is no longer available on TheStreet.com .
But I saw the video and it was exactly as described .
It has been disappeared from Jim Cramer ’s videos .
This is one of those moments , as I predicted in an earlier post , where you , the reader , will simply have to decide for yourself whether to believe me or not .
If what Jim says is true , then the banker providing Jim this document broke the law .
I believe the question of whether the recipient of inside information who then trades on it is breaking the law is somewhat ill - defined ( Martha Stewart was alleged to have done this , but was actually brought down for obstruction - of - justice : in any case , a good rule to follow is , “ if one knows it is material and non-public , one should not trade on it ” ) .
What is not ill - defined is that such a person is acting unethically : in this case , he’d be selling to an unwitting public shares of a company that he knew to be a scam , thanks not to original research but to inside information provided by the scam company ’s banker .
However , I believe that Jim neither broke the law here nor committed the unethical act of trading on inside information .
That is because I think the story Jim told in that video is a lie , a red herring cast to keep anyone from digging into the story of who really shorted Enron first , and why .
That story that has yet to see the light of day , incidentally .
Wall Street has more misdirection than a David Copperfield routine .
CRAMER AFTER CRAMER BERKOWITZ
In 2000 Jim Cramer resigned from Cramer Berkowitz .
“ I had broken enough furniture and monitors and keyboards to last a life - time .
More than a lifetime in fact .
As a forty - five - year - old hedge fund manager , I had already overstayed my actuarial table .
Time to get out before the game killed me .
Time to get out before I killed someone else . ” ( Confessions of a Street Addict , 312 . )
Numerous well - regarded money managers on Wall Street have told me a different story , however .
They generally say that , though Jim is loathe to disclose it , Jim ’s career as a hedge fund manager was mediocre until his last two years , when he had enough of an up - tick that he was able to quit with a smile and move to TV .
Whichever is the truth , Cramer ’s primary affiliation is now with CNBC , where he has his own show , Mad Money ( though Cramer continues to work as a part - time analyst and director for TheStreet.com ) .
Whatever the truth is in that regard , it is clear that Jim Cramer ’s investment horizon is short .
Cramer believes that the market is irrational and that “ buy - and - hold ” is just “ brainwashing that Wall Street relies upon to keep you from taking back your assets under its management . ” ( Jim Cramer ’s Real Money , 234 ) .
In his writings he proudly describes how he trades on short - term volatility .
Given Cramer ’s access to both public and institutional information channels , it is plausible that he has been tempted create the volatility upon which he trades .
In recent writings , Cramer displays awareness that , as both a journalist and an investor , he is potentially conflicted .
“ I know it may look to some that I am corrupt because I praise stocks I own , even though I tell you I own them .
But think about the logic of it : I champion the stocks I own because I like them enough to put my money behind them .
I champion the stocks I own because I think they can make me money and you money , too .
By similar logic I knock stocks I do n’t own because I think they are too rich and you could lose money if you buy them .
I try to explain this all of the time on radio and TV .
Nevertheless , people confuse my motives and believe that I am picking on bad guys and pumping stocks I own so I can make money .
If only life were that simple and if only I were that powerful ! ” ( Jim Cramer ’s Real Money , 58 ) .
Given the sheer size of Jim ’s body of work it is difficult to know whether Jim Cramer uses his position as a public figure to manipulate prices .
He has written thousands of articles and mentioned individual stocks many times over , at different times , as both a bull and a bear .
Cramer ’s opinions change so often that it is difficult to know what he believes .
In fact , this inconsistency has become a rallying cry for critics .
One well - known example is Jim ’s shifting attitude towards Wharton Professor Jeremy Seigel , author of Stocks for the Long Run .
In 2000 , Seigel wrote an op -ed in the Wall Street Journal warning investors of excess valuations .
Cramer responded in a piece on TheStreet.com as follows :
“ I really have no use for theoreticians of the market .
They make you no money .
We are in a casino - like market and I want to game the casino .
The absurdity of a Jeremy Siegel from Wharton coming out with some statement about valuation and how he thinks it ’s wrong is just poppycock .
Valuation is what it is .
If you could sell only thousands of dollars worth of stock at these prices , then I would be wrong .
But you can sell trillions of dollars worth .
So what does it matter if an academic says the prices are wrong .
They are the prices .
That is the hand you are dealt , so figure it out or get lost . ”
Cramer Rewrites ‘ How an Old Dow Learned New Tricks ’ , ” TheStreet.com , March 18 , 2000 . )
Curiously , Jim Cramer wrote a piece two years later ( “ Checking in with Jeremy Siegel ” ) that struck a different note :
“ Jeremy Siegel is one of the great ones .
Anyone who has read Stocks for the Long Run knows that Siegel did n’t succumb to the craziness of the late 1990s .
From his desk at the Wharton School , this towering financial professor penned a piece that ran the week the Nasdaq hit its high in 2000 .
This memorable piece said that while Siegel remained a believer in the long - term value of stocks , the prices of the Ciscos and the Nortels had just gotten too nutty and he wanted everyone to sell tech .
It was one of the most stark and prescient calls I have ever seen …
That ’s why I paid extra close attention to Professor Siegel ’s words as I shared a panel with him Sunday at Philadelphia ’s Hill Towers as part of a fundraiser . ”
( “ Checking in with Jeremy Siegel , ” The Street.com , November 18 , 2002 . )
Cramer mentions
Siegel twice in his latest book , going so far as to call him “ the nation ’s foremost stock historian . ” ( Jim Cramer ’s Real Money , 211 . )
As for Jim Cramer ’s acumen as a stock picker , whole websites are devoted to logging Cramer ’s nightly statements on Jim Cramer ’s Mad Money .
A few industrious journalists have tried to dig further back in time and assess portions of Cramer ’s large written record .
For example , in 2004 , Barron ’s Alan Abelson wrote a piece testing two grand predictions made by Jim Cramer for TheStreet.com .
In the first , “ When to Embrace the Untried Stocks , ” Cramer praised WebEx ( WEBX ) , Netflix ( NFLX ) , Amedisys ( AMED ) , Armor Holdings ( AH ) , XM Satellite Radio ( XMSR ) and Taser International ( TASR ) for having the common characteristic that “ they go up … they go up consistently , almost every day ” ( Jim Cramer , “ When to Embrace the Untried Stocks , ” TheStreet.com , April 2 , 2004 ) .
Abelson , however , looked into each of these stocks and noted that :
“ … what they have in common are valuations that , when they ’re not elevated , are absurd .
Judge for yourself : WebEx is selling for five times this year ’s estimated sales and 35 times expected ’ 04 earnings .
Netflix is selling for 3.2 times projected sales and 62 times estimated earnings .
Amedisys is going for 1.7 times this year ’s estimated sales and 22 times earnings .
Armor Holdings , 1.41 times and 19.7 times , respectively , anticipated sales and earnings .
XM Satellite Radio , 21 times sales ; it lacks a P/E for the good and sufficient reason it ’s supposed to lose $ 3.27 a share this year .
Last but not least , Taser International fetches 24 times sales and over 100 times estimated earnings . ”
Alan Abelson , “ Up and Down on Wall Street , ” Barron ’s , April 29 , 2004 . )
In fact , in April of 2004 three of the six stocks Cramer lauded — NFLX , WEBX , and TASR — peaked ( and two became members in good standing of the Regulation SHO Threshold List ) .
AH and XMSR stayed flat .
Only one had “ gone up ” over the long - term : AMED .
Abelson also examined some of Cramer ’s predictions prior to the dot - com bust .
He cites a speech given by Cramer in February 2000 entitled , “ The Winners of the New World . ”
“ Here are the fabulous 10 stocks Mr. Cramer touted so grandly on Feb. 29 , 2000 , their price per share that day and where they are now : 724 Solutions , $ 1,882 a share then ; around $ 4 a share today .
Ariba , $ 132.25 then ; $ 3 now .
Digital Island , $ 116 then ; acquired in September 2001 for $ 3.40 a share .
Exodus Communications , $ 71.19 then ; went belly - up in September 2001 .
InfoSpace , $ 1,085 a share then ; $ 40 now .
Inktomi , $ 137 then ; acquired by Yahoo ! in March 2003 for $ 1.65 a share .
Mercury Interactive , $ 96 then ; $ 45.50 today .
Sonera , $ 55.80 then ; acquired for about $ 6 a share in March 2003 .
Verisign , $ 253 then ; $ 16 today .
Veritas Software , $ 131 then ; $ 27 - plus now .
( Alan Abelson , “ Up and Down on Wall Street , ” Barron ’s , April 29 , 2004 . )
More recent analyses of Cramer have been less anecdotal , and more scathing .
For example , “ Jim Cramer Deconstructed ” ( CXO Advistory Group ) publishes and regularly updates a comprehensive analysis of Jim Cramer ’s stock - picking .
As they summarize their findings :
“ In summary , Jim Cramer ’s stock market calls since May 2000 have low consistency and an accuracy just below average . ”
( Emphasis in the original . )
In fact , however , Cramer is not just “ below average . ”
One really need look no further than Jim ’s language : touting any stocks with the words , “ they go up … they go up consistently , almost every day ” is , to any sane investor , simple charlatanism .
In the 19th century a man may have been able to stand on a sidewalk touting an elixir that cured hangovers , gout , typhus , and the Clap , and people did not know enough not to believe him .
Today , anyone attempting such snake - oil entreaties would be met with general head - wagging and laughter , because consumers are scientifically literate enough to know of the several biological mechanisms underlying such maladies and understand the impossibility of any one elixir curing all of them .
Similarly , someone recommending stocks because “ they go up consistently , almost every day ” to investors possessing a basic understanding of markets and finance will induce precisely the same head - wagging and laughter .
Unfortunately , biological literacy is more widespread than is economic literacy , and Jim Cramer manages to stay on the air , pitching financial snake - oil to the general public nightly .
JIM CRAMER AND THE SHIFTING TRUTH ABOUT BEAR STEARNS
During the recent collapse of Bear Stearns Jim outdid himself in a way that combined the things that make him so unique : cock - surety coupled with deceit and historical revisionism enabled by the media which depends upon him , all outdone by Web 2.0 , followed by more fake concern for the welfare of the general public over the elimination of a rule which he flouted when he himself ran a hedge fund .
First , days before its collapse , Jim told the public that Bear Stearns was just fine .
Then when it collapsed he claimed he had meant the opposite of what he had said .
However , his own people at TheStreet.com had recorded his opinion on the stock , and their record was precisely as the rest of the world heard it .
Jim ’s answer ?
Change the records of the Street.com .
However , the maker of this video kept screenshots of the original , and his reconstruction of Jim ’s perfidy is a classic .
Next , Jim went on TV and blamed the collapse of Bear on the elimination of “ the up - tick rule ” ( in brief , since 1934 “ the up - tick rule ” has provided constraint on the ability of hedge funds to manipulate stocks downwards , but the rule was eliminated in the summer of 2007 ) .
In his best statesmanlike manner Jim explained the significance of the up - tick rule , urged viewers to contact Congress , and castigated the SEC for having betrayed those honest , hardworking Americans whose savings were damaged by the SEC ’s callous foolishness in eliminating the up - tick rule .
Here is the funny part about that : remember I asked you to “ put a pin in ” that section from Nick Maier ’s book , where Jim chewed someone out for asking if he had to follow a certain rule ?
That was the up - tick rule :
“ Jim turns toward his head trader .
‘ Mark , sell ten thousand Bristol Myers . ’
“ ‘ We never bought any Bristol Myers , ’ Mark replies .
“ ‘ We own the calls , ’ Jim corrects Mark impatiently , aggravated by the delay .
“ So sell it short ? ’
Mark asks for clarification .
Mark knows that according to the SEC rule book , selling stock you do n’t already own ( even if you do own the call options ) must be marked and executed as a short sale .
“ ‘ You are confusing me with someone who gives a shit .
Just sell it !
I said hit the fucking bid !’ adds Jim , not interested in wasting time over petty semantics .
Skirting the ‘ plus tick ’ rule in this case wo n’t necessarily make us a lot of extra money , but in Jim ’s eyes , the rule is still an unenforceable annoyance .
‘ And do n’t ever ask me that again ! ' ” ( Trading With the Enemy , pages 70 - 71 ) .
That “ plus tick ” rule is precisely the “ up - tick ” rule whose loss Cramer now goes on TV to bemoan , explaining , quite correctly , how its elimination has turned into a wealth - transfer mechanism from hard - working Americans to hedge funds .
He just never cared when he ran one .
One wonders if he does now , or if he even knows .
JIM CRAMER AND THE FRIEND FROM THE FROZEN FOOD AISLE HE DOES NOT KNOW
The reader has been served enough Cramer Bad Craziness , I expect .
To do the story justice I would conclude by explaining what is really happening in Jim Cramer ’s head .
Such explanation would properly invoke E. R. Dodd ’s shame - culture / guilt - culture distinction , and Martha Nussbaum ’s The Fragility of Goodness as well .
But I will be more succinct .
The way to understand Jim is to see him ( as is evident from his TV behavior ) as a deeply conflicted man , and so , one engaged in continuous prophylactic spinning .
He spews endlessly self - contradictory babble because he has , in fact , lost his mind , and one must filter everything Jim says and does through the knowledge that Jim Cramer is insane .
I do n’t mean it in a cutesy way : he has suffered a decade - long breakdown but got paid for doing it on air .
That ’s why , as I said at the outset , Cramer exists beyond good and evil : he cannot remember if he is a good guy playing a tough , or a good guy playing a tough but one who wants to help the public , or is a good guy playing a tough who wants to help the public but is still on the inside with the really smart - money .
Somewhere in his double - triple - quadruple agent shtick he lost his mind , and he has no idea what truth is anymore .
He reminds me of some lines from Talking Heads ’ “ Life during Wartime ” :
“ Transmit the message , to the receiver
hope for an answer some day
I got three passports , couple of visas
do n’t even know my real name ”
Jim is a condemned man distractedly waiting for the key to turn in the cell door , incoherently muttering sayings he picked up along the way , stripped of any real need to make sense of them to his listeners or himself .
Insane though he be , Jim has been the lowest common denominator of many who are integral to the Deep Capture story .
In fact , it was because of this that I decided it was impossible to tell that story without telling his own : most of the players , as well as most of the pawns , can be described by their relation to Jim Cramer .
The next two pieces are going to discuss two of those people , one to whom Cramer has done all he can to associate himself , and one from whom Cramer has tried to disassociate himself .
Here is a college picture of Cramer and the one to whom he has done everything to associate himself :
That is Jim Cramer on the left .
In the middle is Eliot Spitzer .
I do not know the identity of Laughing Guy on Right .
The man from whom Cramer has tried , at least once , to disassociate himself , is David Rocker .
As I have explained , Jim ’s early hedge fund days were spent in the offices of Michael Steinhardt Partner .
Before Karen Backfish , Steinhardt had an earlier protege , David Rocker , who worked for Steinhardt for years .
Besides this Steinhardt overlap , Mr. Rocker was at one point ( through two offshore hedge funds , Compass and Helmsman , both British Virgin Islands hedge funds ) , the largest owner of TheStreet.com after Cramer himself .
Here is Jim Cramer on TV in 2003 , introducing David Rocker .
Here is Jim Cramer interviewing me on TV , asking me a question from an email that he identifies as coming from David Rocker .
Yet here are a transcript ( pages 21 - 23 ) and a recording of Jim Cramer coming on an earnings call and distancing himself from Mr. Rocker , denying even knowing Mr. Rocker other than having met him once in a grocery store :
“ Jim Cramer – – Analyst
It is true that he [ Rocker ] does have a position in TheStreet.com which is a company that I have a position in , too , but I just want to clarify things .
I do n’t want anyone to have the impression that I have money with him , he has money with me .
We do n’t .
And then just so you know , I asked e-mail permission to be able to read the posting on TV .
I will not just read someone ’s posting without permission and of course I welcome you on our show anytime you want to come on .
“ Dr. Patrick Byrne – Overstock Com Inc – Chairman and President
And Jim , you ’re welcome back here any time .
You ’re perfected the art of being an attack journalist .
I think the next — I think I ’m going to try being an attack guest , if you want to give me a chance .
“ Jim Cramer – – Analyst
I ’d love too .
I think you ’re — this is a great quarter and you ’ve done a great job , and I do n’t want anyone to think that there ’s — I mean I do n’t run a fund .
I was a hedge fund manager for many years , Patrick , and there is a hedge fund out there called Cramer Berkowitz .
“ Dr. Patrick Byrne – Overstock Com Inc – Chairman and President
I was referring to actually Rocker ’s shows up as the second largest institutional owner in TheStreet– “ Jim Cramer – – Analyst
What people wanted was if people want to take a position in TheStreet.com , I ca n’t stop them or start them but they certainly do n’t have any influence … .
And I welcome you on the show .
I do n’t — you know , I mean I used to be a very scrappy guy and got into a lot of fights but I like them to be when they ’re over principle , not over –I have no position with Rocker .
“ Dr. Patrick Byrne – Overstock Com Inc – Chairman and President
I did n’t accuse you of that .
I said I wanted to ask you that .
My plan was to go on your show and ask you on the show .
And I ’m glad you cleared it up .
“ Jim Cramer – – Analyst
I do admit , welcome the theater of it , I welcome the excitement of it , I think that you ’re building a company , there are guys who are going to detract … .
“ Dr. Patrick Byrne – Overstock Com Inc – Chairman and President
Well , it – it was a legitimate question for me to ask .
“ Jim Cramer – – Analyst
Absolutely , absolutely legitimate and that ’s why I did not , you know , pick up my phone and call my lawyer and say , I do n’t want to do that .
You ’re a businessman .
I ’m a businessman .
And I congratulate on what is obviously a triumph .
“ Dr. Patrick Byrne – Overstock Com Inc – Chairman and President
Did you pass on , last time you had me on the show you did read what you described as an e-mail from David Rocker .
Jim Cramer – – Analyst
I may have misspoke .
I mean I had no communication with Rocker other than to ask him for permission to read his posting that was on TheStreet.com … .
Well , you know , whatever he wants to do is fine but I do n’t want you to give the impression that I am owned by him , he is owned by me .
I ’ve met him once in the supermarket .
I ’m kind of an independent operator as you are .
“ Dr. Patrick Byrne – Overstock Com Inc – Chairman and President
Journalists can ask questions , I can ask questions .
“ Jim Cramer – – Analyst
Oh , absolutely and I applaud your questioning and you critical approach to the way the press covers your company . ”
Given their co-ownership of over 1/3 of TheStreet.com and their association through Steinhardt , given that Jim has had David Rocker on his show and quotes emails from David Rocker on - air as well , why would Jim Cramer try so hard to disassociate himself from Rocker like this ?
Cramer has said a lot of contradictory things , but why would he say of someone with such shared history , “ I ’ve meet him once in the supermarket ” ?
These are the next two players about whom I will write .
As full as this piece had to be to set the stage , I can keep those pieces mercilessly short .
The Great American Cooter Festival
October 24 - 25 , 2020
Saturday 9 a.m. – 5 p.m .
Sunday 9 a.m. – 4 p.m .
Depot Pavilion & Liberty Park
300 N. Apopka Ave. , Inverness
Join us for a fall festival for the whole family in the Depot Pavilion .
This two - day fall festival will feature vendors , food trucks and Sunny Cooter .
Saturday will feature DJ Daniel Tillis spinning pop and country favorites and will announce winners of the Cooter Idol video contest .
Sunday will feature DJ Trae and the Cooterween Costume Contest .
More info coming soon
Buried inside Sunday ’s papers was a noteworthy election result .
In a special election to replace former Speaker Dennis Hastert , an Illinois Republican , first - time Democratic candidate Bill Foster emerged victorious .
George Bush easily carried the district in 2004 , as has every recent G.O.P. presidential candidate .
This Democratic pickup suggests that , for now , we ’re in an electoral environment more like 2006 than 2004 .
Foster ’s eight - percentage - point improvement on John Kerry ’s 2004 performance in the district mirrors the general shift in the electorate from 2004 , when Bush won and the Republicans held Congress , to 2006 , when the Democrats took over Congress and ran on average about eight points ahead of the G.O.P .
Most surveys have shown the Democrats retaining that sizable advantage over the last 16 months .
Saturday ’s special election would appear to confirm these polls .
This is n’t encouraging for G.O.P. prospects in 2008 .
Nor is this :
It ’s rare for a party to win a third consecutive term in the White House .
The only time it ’s been done since World War II was in 1988 .
Then the incumbent , Ronald Reagan , had a job approval rating on Election Day in the high 50s .
George Bush looks likely to remain stuck in the 30s .
Factor in the prospect of a recession ( the bad housing and job market reports at the end of last week were politically chilling ) and the fact that a large majority already thinks the country ’s going in the wrong direction .
Add to the mix a huge turnout so far in the Democratic presidential primaries , far above that for the Republican contests , even when both parties still had competitive races .
As former Obama foreign policy adviser Samantha Power would say : Ergh !
Nor should Republicans be too cheered by the prospect of a drawn - out and bitter Democratic nomination battle .
That battle is personal , not ideological  and , Republican hopes to the contrary notwithstanding , Democrats will unite behind Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton , or behind a ticket with the two of them .
Former Dead Kennedys vocalist Jello Biafra has torn into the RIAA , likening them to the mafia , threatening to leave a horse 's head in the beds of old women and children alike , whilst destroying the education of student file - sharers .
Do n't even get him started on the media : " Goebbels would be proud " he said .
Born Eric Reed Boucher in 1958 , Jello Biafra is no stranger to controversy .
He first became well known as songwriter and lead vocalist with the band Dead Kennedys .
The band split in 1986 but 1998 saw the start of a six year battle over the royalties to the band ’s music .
No doubt this was a miserable experience , so maybe Biafra ’s outburst this week was to be expected .
In a translated interview with Norway ’s Aftenposten entitled “ Goebbels Would Be Proud ” , Biafra tells us a little bit about how he feels about the RIAA , big record labels and even the media .
He is n’t pulling any punches either .
“ I have two different opinions on file - sharing ” says Biafra , drawing a metaphorical line in the sand – with good ( small labels ) on one side , and bad ( big labels ) on the other .
“ You may take from the big labels , ” he orders , “ because the only thing they do is steal from both the artists and the audience . ”
Not many would disagree with you there , Jello .
The ‘ good ’ side are the small guys , explains Biafra to potential file - sharers : “ Do n’t take from the smaller , independent labels .
Then fantastic bands would have to surrender way too early , because they ca n’t afford it , ” he says , whilst completely forgetting that popularity fills concerts and downloads are a good way to achieve that these days .
According to MAMA Group who manage the Kaiser Chiefs and Franz Ferdinand , future profit is there to be unlocked – and it lies in the live concert .
Popularity through free downloads could be the key to these , time will tell .
“ Support the independent labels , but the big ones , fuck ’em .
Anyways , I have n’t found anything in many years which come from a large label worth buying ” says Biafra , as he tosses aside his attacks on singular big labels and gets his teeth into the collective might of the RIAA :
“ The RIAA reminds me most of the Godfather , ” Biafra says , tipping his head to the side and changing his voice to Marlon Brando mode :
“ We will sue you .
If you want out of this without going to court , we can make an arrangement : Give us $ 5000 .
If not , you will find a horses head in your bed . ”
Suddenly he is back to being Jello Biafra again , and talks about why RIAA action against file - sharers is wrong : “ They are doing this to 12 year old girls , they are doing it to 80 year old women , and they do it to students .
There are plenty of examples that show people having to quit school because they had to give all their money to the recording industry instead , ” he says gravely .
Biafra then explains that he does n’t do any downloading himself as he does n’t have a computer before launching himself at the media : “ It ’s so dumb , that even the American edition of CNN is just a bunch of right - twisted parrots babbling about the primary elections , letting the war in Iraq pass in silence .
Then it is up to the artists to fill the void . ”
Then , in a final show of support for the small guy , Biafra concludes : “ When smaller performers express their political views they are gagged .
But when Mel Gibson or Arnold Schwarzenegger does it , then it ’s okay .
Because they fit better into the media profile . ”
“ Goebbels would be proud . ”
For those who have n’t seen it yet , here ’s a RIAA training video , that may give some insight into the organization .
Many thanks to HÃ¥vard
Greed is overtaking the common good of the world
P Chidambaram Indian Finance Minister P Chidambaram has said that it is " outrageous " that developed countries are turning food crops into bio fuels .
He said that countries like the US were doing so while the world 's poor are struggling with surging food prices .
Delivering a lecture in Singapore , Mr Chidambaram said that using corn and other crops for fuel was a sign of " lopsided priorities " .
He said that such an " uncaring " policy had to be strongly condemned .
The finance minister was also critical of " lax supervision " , which he said had led to the US mortgage crisis and global economic uncertainty .
' Deprived of food '
Mr Chidambaram said developing economies were shouldering an " enormous burden " from the relentless rise in prices of food and commodities .
He said the situation was worsened by the diversion of food to produce bio fuels in some countries .
Citing the US as an example , he said nearly 20 % of corn goes to making bio fuels .
Mr Chidambaram said there was now a climate of food insecurity " It is a sign of the lopsided priorities of certain countries that they will resort to measures that will produce fuel at a cheaper cost in order to meet the transport requirements of a section of their population , " Mr Chidambaram said .
He said the pursuit of such policies at a time when many in the world could barely afford to eat was " outrageous and ... must be condemned " .
Corn , soybeans , sugar cane and other crops are seen as sources of clean and cheap biofuels .
Correspondents say this results in less grain available for human consumption , which drives up the prices for basic foodstuffs .
The finance minister said that the prices of maize , rice and wheat have at least doubled between 2004 and last month , while commodities such as crude oil and metals have also spiralled in price .
He said that these rises were damaging for countries like India , which subsidises food and fuel .
Mr Chidambaram also said the rise in oil prices from about $ 30 a barrel in 2004 to above $ 100 this year is another example of " greed overtaking the common good of the world " .
" Oil producing countries have struck a gold mine .
Demand is very high ... they think that this is a great time to reap in the profits , " he said .
" I understand that from a commercial point of view , but it 's hurting the world economy . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
What is it with George Bush and his halfwitted predilection for declaring victory before the fight is over ?
Bush speech hails Iraq ‘ victory ’ President George W Bush has delivered a speech to mark the fifth anniversary of the US - led invasion of Iraq .
Speaking at the Pentagon , Mr Bush said “ removing Saddam Hussein from power was the right decision ” .
And he went on to say that the recent “ surge ” of US troops to Iraq has brought about “ a major strategic victory in the broader war on terror ” .
Mr. President , if they ’re still shooting at you , you should be careful about declaring victory .
If your soldiers , as they walk down the road , have to confront the possibility that each step might be their last because the locals have planted a bumper crop of IEDs , the fat lady has n’t yet sung .
If your policies are serving as the enemy ’s greatest ongoing recruiting tool , the war is far from over .
And most importantly , winning a battle – which you may or may not have done – is a significantly different thing from winning the war .
Then again , your life has n’t exactly provided you with a lot of clean victories , has it ?
So maybe it ’s not your fault – in most of your fuck - ups this is probably about the point where Daddy steps in and fixes things , allowing you to feel good about yourself again .
Of course , right now I ’m less worried about Bush the First and Bush the Second than I am our would - be Bush the Third , John W. McCain , a man who ca n’t seem to tell Shi’a from Shinola .
He has repeatedly demonstrated that he ca n’t distinguish between Iran and al Qaeda , either , and today Barack Obama called him on it .
“ Just yesterday , we heard Senator McCain confuse Sunni and Shiite , Iran and al Qaeda , ” Senator Obama said .
“ Maybe that is why he voted to go to war with a country that had no al Qaeda ties .
Maybe that is why he completely fails to understand that the war in Iraq has done more to embolden America ’s enemies than any strategic choice that we have made in decades . ”
McDubya has promised that there will be more wars .
Perhaps now would be a good time for him to go ahead and start declaring victory , hmmm ?
( CNN ) --
Gas prices rose more than 9 cents over the past two weeks , to a national average of $ 3.20 per gallon of self - serve regular , a survey said Sunday .
The Lundberg Survey , which compared prices tallied March 7 with those tallied February 22 at about 5,000 gas stations nationwide , found the highest prices in San Francisco ( $ 3.58 ) and the lowest in Cheyenne , Wyo. ( $ 2.99 ) .
Publisher Trilby Lundberg warned motorists not to expect the prices to fall anytime soon .
" We should be ready to absorb even higher prices , and quickly , " she said , citing last week 's decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) not to raise production ; growing world demand for oil ; the fact that U.S. refiners have held back passing along costs ; and the " mileage penalty " associated with government - mandated increases in the use of ethanol in gasoline .
" As the mandate brings more ethanol into the pool , the mileage penalty grows , " she said .
Last year , when 4.3 percent of gasoline was ethanol , vehicles got 1.4 percent less miles per gallon than they would have on non-ethanol gasoline , she said .
This year , with a mandate of 6.3 percent , the average MPG will be reduced by 2.1 percent , she said .
Daylight Saving
Time will bring a growth in demand that will remain in force throughout the summer , and could result in price increases of " at least 20 to 30 cents at the pump , perhaps by mid-April , " she said .
Oil refiners ' tighter margins can be credited with the fact that prices are not even higher , she said .
This year , refiners ' margins per gallon are 25 cents less than what they were last year , she said .
Prices in California and other high - priced markets could reach $ 4 per gallon " in the next few months , if crude oil prices hold , " she said .
The recent price surge has affected diesel fuel more than gasoline .
Diesel drivers paid an average of $ 3.80 per gallon , up 21.52 cents from two weeks ago and up $ 1.02 from a year ago , she said .
Over the past year , the price of gasoline has risen 64 cents , she added .
Lundberg said federal regulations mandating the removal of sulfur from diesel products have increased its refinery costs .
Here are some other cities ' prices for gasoline :
-- Saint Louis , Missouri : $ 2.99
-- Denver , Colorado : $ 3.00
-- Baton Rouge , Louisiana : $ 3.07
-- El Paso , Texas : $ 3.09
-- Baltimore , Maryland : $ 3.14
-- Detroit , Michigan : $ 3.21
-- Hartford , Connecticut : $ 3.27
-- Seattle , Washington : $ 3.46
-- Long Island , New York : $ 3.30
Browse Darwin's Papers
*** This page has been replaced with ' MANUSCRIPTS ' ( click to move there ) .
***
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
One of my kids is home sick with strep and was bundled up on the sofa as I watched the primary coverage last night .
Her question to me is what the talking heads could possibly find to discuss for the six or more hours of primary scheduling .
Prescient one , my kid .
Because as it turned out , things got a little punchy very early on , especially with the Race to the White House panel of David Gregory , Eugene Robinson , Rachel Maddow and Pat Buchanan .
Buchanan simply could not concede to the others that there are different voter motivations between primary and general elections , and for that reason , those who are counting Hillary Clinton out now are lying to themselves .
Rachel Maddow tries to contextualize where Barack goes from here and Buchanan wo n't have it , telling her to stop with the " Marxist dialectic . "
Maddow :
What he needs to be saying is listen , in these big states that Pat keeps listing , sure when it ’s two Democrats dividing the electorate , I ’m not always winning .
But I ’m winning the overall race .
I ’m winning pledged delegates .
I ’m winning the money race .
I ’m winning the enthusiasm race .
And I have a better chance against John McCain .
They ’re all talking about Republicans , they ’re not talking about winning over white ethnic voters who are n’t going to come over to them in the general either .
Buchanan :
Why ca n’t you beat Hillary Clinton with all her negatives ?
You got more money , biggest crowds in history .
You got the enthusiasm .
Every guy in the media says you ’re the nominee and you ca n’t beat her in one of the big ten states in the country .
Maddow :
There is no connection between his inability to beat Hillary Clinton and whether or not he can beat John McCain … two totally different kinds of races … .
Buchanan :
Let me tell you …you may be … .
Look , let ’s hold the Marxist dialectic … you may believe right now that this thing is over , but there ’s a lot of these super - delegates gotta be sitting there , saying … if I were a super - delegate for Barack , I ’d say “ I ’m worried .
Can this guy beat McCain [ unclear ] , ‘ cause I do n’t know right now . ”
Other than being rude , I 'm not sure what Buchanan meant by that , and evidently , neither did anyone on the set either .
VA official denies cover -up of veteran suicides Associated Press
Published : Saturday April 26 , 2008
|
Print This Email This SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) 
A top-ranking official at the Department of Veterans Affairs defends the agency 's treatment of disabled veterans and denies the agency has tried to cover up the number of veterans committing suicide .
Dr. Michael Kussman , a department undersecretary for health , testified during a trial in San Francisco federal court that will determine whether the VA is shirking its duty to provide adequate mental health care and other medical services to millions of veterans .
The two veterans groups suing the VA want U.S. District Court Judge Samuel Conti to order the agency to dramatically improve how fast it processes applications and how it delivers mental health care , especially when it comes to preventing suicides and treating post - traumatic stress disorder .
The groups contend that veteran suicides are rising at alarming rates in large part because of VA failures .
In court , plaintiffs ' lawyer Arturo Gonzalez clashed Thursday with Kussman over how to compile and report the suicide rates .
For instance , VA Secretary James Peake told Congress in a Feb. 5 letter that 144 combat veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan committed suicide between October 2001 and December 2005 .
But Gonzalez produced internal VA e-mails that contended that 18 veterans a day were committing suicide .
Kussman countered that the figure , provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , included all 26 million veterans in the country , including aging Vietnam veterans who are reporting an increased number of health problems .
Kussman said Thursday that suicide prevention was a VA priority and that the agency instituted new measures in the past 18 months , including training its workers to identify suicidal patients and establishing a 24 - hour suicide hot line for veterans .
Court documents given to the judge by Gonzalez showed that 2,508 veterans called the hot line in March , the busiest month so far .
" People are using it , " Kussman said .
" It 's a good thing . "
Gonzalez also asked Kussman to explain several e-mail chains among agency officials that discussed an unwillingness to share suicide statistics with CBS News , which was preparing a story on the subject .
" I do n't want to give CBS any more numbers on veterans suicides or attempts than they already have  it will only lead to more questions , " wrote Everett A. Chasen , chief communications officer in a March 10 e-mail to several VA officials .
On Monday , the first day of trial , an e-mail message written in December by Dr. Ira Katz , the agency 's mental health director , was given as evidence .
It alerted Kussman and others that 12,000 veterans under VA care were attempting suicide a year .
" Is this something we should ( carefully ) address ourselves in some sort of release before someone stumbles on it ? " the e-mail asks .
Katz also reported that of the average of 18 military veterans who kill themselves each day , four to five of them are under VA care when it happens .
Three Democratic senators , including Sen. Daniel Akaka of Hawaii , chairman of the Veterans Affairs Committee , called for Katz 's dismissal this week .
" I disagree with the premise that there was some effort to cover something up , " Kussman testified Thursday .
" We do n't obfuscate . "
Instead , Kussman said , there 's concern about how suicide rates are compiled among the nation 's 26 million veterans .
" It 's been hard to track exactly , " said Kussman , who noted that only 5.7 million veterans are under VA care .
The trial is scheduled to last another week ; there was no testimony Friday .
The judge is hearing the case without a jury .
( This version CORRECTS that Sen. Akaka is from Hawaii , not Alaska . )
Posted on : Monday , February 11 , 2002
Atheist says he acts in good faith
By Will Hoover
Advertiser Staff Writer
Mitchell Kahle added another scalp to his belt when restrictions on apparel and accessories depicting Satanism were yanked from Kaimuki High School 's dress code last week .
Mitchell Kahle says he takes up his causes " because nobody else does . "
Cory Lum 
The Honolulu Advertiser " To me , Satanism is a superstition , " Kahle said .
" Just like Christianity . "
The point , he insisted , was that if one religious symbol is banned from a public school dress code , they all must go .
It was the latest in a string of successful actions initiated by Kahle since 1997 that have included the removal of church descriptions from the official Honolulu city Web site , the removal of crosses from various locations around O'ahu , and limitations placed on the use of nativity scenes in the annual Honolulu City Lights program .
Kahle , 39  whom Honolulu Mayor Jeremy Harris once called " the Grinch who stole Christmas "  has positioned himself as Hawai 'i's most relentless and visible watchdog when it comes to keeping the government on the straight and narrow in separation of church and state issues .
But reactions to Kahle 's mission have been mixed .
To Brent White of the Hawai'i American Civil Liberties Union , Kahle " has had a large and positive impact on Hawai'i . "
To others , such as Patrick Downes , spokesman for the Catholic Diocese of Hawai'i , Kahle has a dubious agenda , is hostile to Christianity , and " goes out of his way ... to reassert his faith - phobia . "
Other than the fact that Kahle ( rhymes with rail ) has been publicly attached to high - profile stories , most folks here have little knowledge of who he is or where he came from .
" I 'd like to know more about the guy , " said Jared Kaufmann , Maryknoll School history teacher and Kahle critic who has followed his activities in the papers .
" What 's his background ? "
Christian beginnings
That background begins in the small town of Hillsdale , Mich. , where Kahle was born on March 30 , 1962  the second youngest of five children raised by Gene and Colleen Kahle .
Your basic small - town boy focused on football , basketball and airplanes , Kahle eventually exhibited a remarkable aptitude for music .
He attended the First Presbyterian Church of Jonesville , along with the rest of his family .
But in the seventh grade he declared that he did not believe in God , and that he never had .
His mother , who he describes as a " good Christian housewife , " was not pleased , but she and Kahle 's dad , a retired general contractor , decided to never again insist that he attend church .
" Religion dropped off my radar screen after that " he said .
" I never thought about it . "
Following high school , Kahle pursued music .
In the mid-1980s he studied at the Berklee College of Music in Boston .
Although music would remain his primary passion , he finally accepted the reality that it's a tough way to make a living .
With that , he became a businessman .
Kahle met his partner and " soul mate , " Holly Huber , in 1988 when he was attending Boston University and she was working at Houghton Mifflin publishing company .
The two arrived in Honolulu in 1992 and established Island InfoTech , a company that designs data bases and Web sites .
They settled into their two bedroom apartment at the Queen Emma Gardens with two cats , Chelsea and Toby .
When Kahle was n't working , he was performing with Dr. Jazz , a traditional jazz combo , for which he plays a six - string fret - less Yamaha bass .
For a time , he made waves as director of the Hawai 'i chapter of American Atheists .
Cross to bear
Still , prior to 1997 , Kahle says his claim to fame was that he had been born in the same hospital as the father of the late actor Jason Robards .
That changed with his attempts to remove a cross at Kolekole Pass on Army property and the launching of Kahle 's mission to keep state and church separate .
" Why do I do it ?
Because nobody else does , " he said .
" Believe me , I 'd rather be playing my bass .
I do n't get a nickel for it .
In fact , when I first found out about the 37 - foot cross on government property , I made calls to find out who else would lead the fight to remove it . "
When no one emerged , Kahle says he founded Hawaii Citizens for the Separation of State and Church , which he says consisted of around 130 members .
HCSSC dissolved its nonprofit status after the organization sued the Army and the Kolekole Pass cross came down .
The Army said the cross was removed because it was too expensive to maintain .
" We 're a watchdog group , not a litigant group , " said Kahle , who instructs those who want to donate money to his cause to send a check to the ACLU instead .
" What I 'm doing is bringing these issues to the forefront . "
He is aware that he is disliked  even reviled  by some .
Once , when he tried to remove religious symbols from the office doors at the State Capitol , he landed in the hospital after being manhandled by an angry volunteer legislative aid .
And while he is known as the separation - of - church - and - state guy , he has also taken risks in other civil rights efforts , such as the time he waded into a crowd of hostile same - sex marriage foes wearing a pro gay - rights placard .
" I'm a civil rights activist , " said Kahle , who describes himself as an atheist / agnostic / humanist who is fiscally conservative and socially liberal .
" Women 's rights , gay rights , animal rights  any kind of injustice .
I have an attraction to the underdog .
I volunteer for all kinds of causes .
I 'm just known for separation of state and church . "
In print , Kahle can come off as outrageous .
In person , he 's a more complex character .
Sporting a beard and ponytail , he stands 6 feet 3 and weighs 215 pounds .
He is simultaneously easy - going and intense .
He is also not above goading his adversaries , such as when he repeatedly mispronounced State Sen .
Sam Slom 's last name during a radio debate .
" I always tell him , ' God bless you , ' which I 'm sure he does n't really appreciate , " said Slom ( R - 8th , Wai'alae Iki , Hawai'i Kai ) .
" I do n't doubt his sincerity , but I think the media has made more of what he does than it is .
When we debated once on KHVH and I asked him what he thought his greatest achievement is , and he said making them take the cross down at Schofield Barracks .
I said , ' That 's it ?!
 that 's your great achievement ? "
Among the criticisms lodged against Kahle is that he goes too far and that his anti-Christian bias is transparent .
" My impression of him ?
He 's no dummy , but I 'm not sure what drives him , " said Downes , who met Kahle for the first time two weeks ago and says they had a brief , civil conversation .
" He has a thing against Christianity .
I sometimes wonder if he 's just using the separation - of - church - and - state issue just to bash the church . "
Added Kaufmann , " Kahle seems to be denying America 's history .
The foundations of this country are based on religion .
He stretches the concept of separation of church and state beyond all reason .
He has a right not to believe .
But he does not have the right to interfere with our ability to publicize or practice our religion . "
No lack of admirers
But Kahle has his supporters , including Abe Arkoff , University of Hawai 'i emeritus professor of psychology , who invited Kahle to teach three religious criticism courses at the university 's Academy for Lifelong Learning .
" Mitch is engaging , he 's knowledgeable , and he 's courageous , " said Arkoff .
" He believes in the Bill of Rights , as I do  but he pursues his convictions and he gets results .
He 's kind of a one - man army .
I admire him . "
Sam Cox is an ordained Methodist minister who , along with Kahle , belongs to an inter - faith group that meets monthly for the purpose of increasing spiritual understanding .
" I do n't agree with him on many things , " said Cox .
" He 's pugnacious .
But I like the guy .
I 'd rank Mitch up there with the prophets , because he asks probing questions .
He makes us think .
He 's a good humanist / atheist .
He makes a lot of sense .
I believe he has had a positive effect on Hawai'i . "
These days Kahle says he does a lot of thinking about religion .
In addition to the " Bhagavad Gita , " " The Analects of Confucius , " and " The Encyclopedia of World Religions , " Kahle 's bookcase contains three copies of the " Holy Bible "  one of which bulges with book marks and Post - It notes .
" I can promise you I 'm the only person in my family who has read the Bible from cover to cover , " said Kahle , who contends that if you 're going to argue with theologians with lofty degrees , you better know your stuff .
Fact is , should he ever decide to finish college , he would n't mind switching fields and getting a degree in theology himself .
What 's his goal ?
" To be saved , " he said .
And then , with a sly and unrepentant grin he added , " ... from God 's followers . "
The image demonstrates the design of an artificial brain built using a nano - brain reported in this issue of PNAS .
Several molecular nano - brain are arranged in a way to work as powerful as our central nervous system .
Numerical digits and alphabets float across the architecture demonstrating a matrix generated during a real - time operation similar to the Hollywood blockbuster The Matrix .
The most powerful computer known is the brain , and now scientists have designed a machine just a few molecules large that mimics how the brain works .
So far the device can simultaneously carry out 16 times more operations than a normal computer transistor .
Researchers suggest the invention might eventually prove able to perform roughly 1,000 times more operations than a transistor .
This machine could not only serve as the foundation of a powerful computer , but also serve as the controlling element of complex gadgets such as microscopic doctors or factories , scientists added .
The device is made of a compound known as duroquinone .
This molecule resembles a hexagonal plate with four cones linked to it , " like a small car , " explained researcher Anirban Bandyopadhyay , an artificial intelligence and molecular electronics scientist at the National Institute for Materials Science at Tsukuba in Japan .
Duroquinone is less than a nanometer , or a billionth of a meter large .
This makes it hundreds of times smaller than a wavelength of visible light .
The machine is made of 17 duroquinone molecules .
One molecule sits at the center of a ring formed by the remaining 16 .
The entire invention sits on a surface of gold .
How it works
Scientists operate the device by tweaking the center duroquinone with electrical pulses from an extremely sharp electrically conductive needle .
The molecule and its four cones can shift around in a variety of ways depending on different properties of the pulse — say , the pulse 's strength .
Since weak chemical bonds link the center duroquinone with the surrounding 16 duroquinones , each of those shifts too .
Imagine , for instance , a spider in the middle of a web made of 16 strands .
If the spider moves in one direction , each thread linked to it experiences a slightly different tug from all the others .
In this way , a pulse to the central duroquinone can simultaneously transmit different instructions to each of the surrounding 16 duroquinones .
The researchers say this design was inspired by that of brain cells , which can radiate branches out like a tree , with each branch used to communicate with another brain cell .
" All those connections are why the brain is so powerful , " Bandyopadhyay said .
Since duroquinone possesses four cones , each molecule essentially has four different settings .
Since the central molecule can simultaneously control 16 other duroquinones , mathematically this means a single pulse at the machine can have 4^16 — or nearly 4.3 billion — different outcomes .
In comparison , a normal computer transistor can only carry out just one instruction at once , and only has two settings — 0 and 1 .
This means a single pulse at it can only have two different outcomes .
Putting it to work
The idea is to hook this new gadget up with other molecules — either copies of itself or different compounds other scientists have invented .
For instance , researchers have created a host of machines just a molecule or so large over the last decade or two — motors , propellers , switches , elevators , sensors and so on .
The new invention might offer a way to control all those other compounds to work as a whole .
Indeed , Bandyopadhyay and his colleagues revealed they could hook up eight other such " molecular machines " to their invention , working together as if they were part of a miniature factory .
This invention could serve as the controlling element of complex assemblies of molecular machines , Bandyopadhyay suggested .
One future application for such assemblies " could be in medical science , " he told LiveScience .
" Imagine taking assemblies of molecular machines and inserting them into the blood , perhaps if you wanted to destroy a tumor inside the body . "
The device currently is operated with an extremely sharp electrically conductive needle — specifically , that belonging to a scanning tunneling microscope , a bulky machine far larger than the 17 molecules in question .
However , Bandyopadhyay hopes that in the future they can issue commands to their invention using molecules that deliver electric pulses instead .
The device needs to be made in vacuum conditions at extremely cold temperatures — about - 321 degrees F ( - 196 degrees C ) .
Bandyopadhyay said it could be operated at room temperature , however .
More powerful still
Bandyopadhyay added they could expand their device from a two - dimensional ring of 16 duroquinones around the center to a three - dimensional sphere of 1,024 duroquinones .
This means it could perform 1,024 instructions at once , for 4^1024 different outcomes — a number larger than a 1 with 1,000 zeroes after it .
They would control the molecule at the center of the sphere by manipulating " handles " sticking out from the core .
" We are definitely going to 3 - D from 2 - D immediately , " Bandyopadhyay said .
Bandyopadhyay and his colleague Somobrata Acharya detailed their findings online March 10 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Across this tiny territory , 25 miles long and no more than 6 miles wide , a deep darkness descended at 8 pm on January 21 , as the lights went out for each of its 1.5 million Palestinian residents .
A new hallmark of Palestinian suffering had been reached .
There have been three turns of the screw on the people of Gaza , triggered in turn by the outcome of elections in January 2006 , the assumption by Hamas of de facto control last June , and the Israeli decision in September to declare Gaza a " hostile territory " .
Each instance has prompted ever tighter restrictions on the movement of people and goods in and out of Gaza .
Each turn of the screw inflicts deeper indignity on ordinary Palestinians , breeding more resentment towards the outside world .
Gaza 's border closures are without precedent .
Palestinians are effectively incarcerated .
The overwhelming majority cannot leave or enter Gaza .
Without fuel and spare parts , public health conditions are declining steeply as water and sanitation services struggle to function .
The electricity supply is sporadic and has been reduced further along with fuel supply in these past days .
Unicef reports that the partial functioning of Gaza City 's main pumping station is affecting the supply of safe water to some 600,000 Palestinians .
Medication is in short supply , and hospitals are paralysed by power failures and the shortage of fuel for generators .
Hospital infrastructure and essential pieces of equipment are breaking down at an alarming rate , with limited possibility of repair or maintenance as spare parts are not available .
It is distressing to see the impact of closures on patients who need to travel outside Gaza to get medical treatment .
The demand for such treatment is rising as medical standards fall inside Gaza , yet the permit regime for medical referrals has become more stringent .
Many have had their treatment delayed or denied , worsening their medical conditions and causing preventable deaths .
Living standards in Gaza are at levels unacceptable to a world that promotes the elimination of poverty and the observance of human rights as core principles : 35 % of Gazans live on less than two dollars a day ; unemployment stands at around 50 % ; and 80 % of Gazans receive some form of humanitarian assistance .
Concrete is in such short supply that people are unable to make graves for their dead .
Hospitals are handing out sheets as funeral shrouds .
As the head of a humanitarian and human development agency for Palestinian refugees , I am deeply concerned by the stark inhumanity of Gaza 's closure .
I am disturbed by the seeming indifference of much of the world as hundreds and thousands of Palestinians are harshly penalised for acts in which they have no part .
In discharging its mandate , Unrwa delivers a variety of services to improve living conditions and prospects for self - reliance .
It is impossible to sustain our operations when the occupying power adopts an " on , off " , " here today , gone tomorrow " policy towards Gaza 's borders .
To take one example , this week we were on the verge of suspending our food distribution programme .
The reason was seemingly mundane : plastic bags .
Israel blocked entry into Gaza of the plastic bags in which we package our food rations .
In today 's Gaza how can we foster a spirit of moderation and compromise among Palestinians , or cultivate a belief in the peaceful resolution of disputes ?
There are already indications that the severity of the closure is playing into the hands of those who have no desire for peace .
We ignore this risk at our peril .
What we should be doing now is nurturing moderation and empowering those who believe that Gaza 's rightful future lies in peaceful co-existence with its neighbours .
We welcome the new efforts to resuscitate the peace process , revive the Palestinian economy and build institutions .
These pillars , on which a solution will be built , are the very ones being eroded .
Yesterday , the people of Gaza received a temporary reprieve when the occupying power allowed fuel and other supplies to enter : 2.2 m litres of fuel per week for the Gaza power plant and 0.5 m litres a week for industrial usage , hospitals and clinics .
We have been informed that the crossings into Gaza will be partially open , allowing Unrwa and other organisations to bring in about 50 trucks a day .
No one knows how long the reprieve will last as the resumption of Qassam rocket fire , which we ourselves strongly condemn , will lead to further closures .
The people of Gaza have been spared from reaching new depths of anguish - but only for the moment .
There has never been a more urgent need for the international community to act to restore normality in Gaza .
Hungry , unhealthy , angry communities do not make good partners for peace .
· Karen Koning AbuZayd is commissioner general for Unrwa , the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East www.un.org/unrwa
I should clarify upfront that I love PHP for its simplicity in developing web applications and this post is not meant to be a PHP bashing by any stretch of imagination .
My only motivation is to plainly state certain facts that I came across while researching / experimenting about a design decision on how best to keep track of structured information within a PHP program .
What I found was quite surprising , to say the least .
One of my function calls returned a collection of pairs of integers and I was wondering whether to store the pair as an array of two named values ( as in array ( ' value1 ' => $ value1 , ' value2 ' => $ value2 ) ) or a PHP5 class ( as in class ValuePair { var $ value1 ; var $ value2 ; } ) .
As the number of pairs could be quite large , I thought I 'll optimize for memory .
Based on experience with compiled languages such as C/C++ and Java , I expected the class based implementation to take less space .
Based on a simple memory measurement program , as I 'll explain later , this expectation turned out to be misplaced .
Apparently PHP implements both arrays and objects as hash tables and in fact , objects require a little more memory than arrays with same members .
In hindsight , this does n't appear so surprising .
Compiled languages can convert member accesses to fixed offsets but this is not possible for dynamic languages .
But what did surprise me was the amount of space being used for an array of two elements .
Each array having two integers , when placed in another array representing the collection , was using around 300 bytes .
The corresponding number for objects is around 350 bytes .
I did some googling and found out that a single integer value stored within an PHP array uses 68 bytes : 16 bytes for value structure ( zval ) , 36 bytes for hash bucket , and 2 * 8 = 16 bytes for memory allocation headers .
No wonder an array with two named integer values takes up around 300 bytes .
I am not really complaining -- PHP is not designed for writing data intensive programs .
After all , how much data are you going to display on a single web page .
But it is still nice to know the actual memory usage of variables within your program .
What if your PHP program is not generating an HTML page to be rendered in the browser but a PDF or Excel report to be saved on disk ?
Would you want your program to exceed memory limit on a slightly larger data set ?
Coming back to the original problem -- how should I store a collection pair of values ?
array of arrays or array of objects ?
For memory optimization , the answer may be to have two arrays , one for each value .
For those who care for nitty - gritties , here is the program I used for measurements :
<? php class EmptyObject { } ; class NonEmptyObject { var $ int1 ; var $ int2 ; function NonEmptyObject ( $ a1 , $ a2 ) { $ this -> int1 = $ a1 ; $ this -> int2 = $ a2 ; } } ; $ num = 1000 ; $ u1 = memory_get_usage ( ) ; $ int_array = array ( ) ; for ( $i = 0 ; $ i < $ num ; $ i++ ) { $ int_array [ $ i ] = $ i ; } $ u2 = memory_get_usage ( ) ; $ str_array = array ( ) ; for ( $i = 0 ; $ i < $ num ; $ i++ ) { $ str_array [ $ i ] = " $i " ; } $ u3 = memory_get_usage ( ) ; $ arr_array = array ( ) ; for ( $i = 0 ; $ i < $ num ; $ i++ ) { $ arr_array [ $ i ] = array ( ) ; } $ u4 = memory_get_usage ( ) ; $ obj_array = array ( ) ; for ( $i = 0 ; $ i < $ num ; $ i++ ) { $ obj_array [ $i ] = new EmptyObject ( ) ; } $ u5 = memory_get_usage ( ) ; $ arr2_array = array ( ) ; for ( $i = 0 ; $ i < $ num ; $ i++ ) { $ arr2 _array [ $ i ] = array ( ' int1 ' => $ i , ' int2 ' => $ i + $ i ) ; } $ u6 = memory_get_usage ( ) ; $ obj2_array = array ( ) ; for ( $i = 0 ; $ i < $ num ; $ i++ ) { $ obj2_array [ $i ] = new NonEmptyObject ( $i , $ i + $ i ) ; } $ u7 = memory_get_usage ( ) ; echo " Space Used by int_array : " . ( $ u2 - $ u1 ) . "
" ; echo " Space Used by str_array : " . ( $ u3 - $ u2 ) . "
" ; echo " Space Used by arr_array : " . ( $ u4 - $ u3 ) . "
" ; echo " Space Used by obj_array : " . ( $ u5 - $ u4 ) . "
" ; echo " Space Used by arr2_array : " . ( $ u6 - $ u5 ) . "
" ; echo " Space Used by obj2_array : " . ( $ u7 - $ u6 ) . "
" ; ?>
[ pankaj@fc7 - dev ~ ] $ php -v PHP 5.2.4 ( cli ) ( built : Sep 18 2007 08:50:58 ) Copyright ( c ) 1997 -2007 The PHP Group Zend Engine v2.2.0 , Copyright ( c ) 1998 -2007 Zend Technologies [ pankaj@fc7 - dev ~ ] $ php - C memtest.php Space Used by int_array : 72492 Space
Used by str_array : 88264 Space Used by arr_array : 160292 Space Used by obj_array : 180316 Space Used by arr2_array : 304344 Space Used by obj2_array : 349144 [ pankaj@fc7-dev ~ ] $
And here is a sample run :
Consumers are unlikely to benefit from buying household versions of emergency equipment meant to revive victims of sudden heart seizures , according to long - awaited results from a clinical trial announced Tuesday .
The equipment  automated external defibrillators  has been marketed to health - conscious consumers for its ability to provide life - saving jolts of electricity to people whose hearts have stopped beating , or are beating so chaotically and rapidly that they could die within minutes .
In reporting their findings at a major cardiology meeting in Chicago and online in The New England Journal of Medicine , the researchers who conducted the trial noted that the devices clearly save lives in hospitals , emergency vehicles and in busy public settings like airports and casinos where trained employees are on duty .
But the study , which included more than 7,000 patients at risk of having the seizures because of previous heart attacks , found that patients in homes equipped with the gear died at the same rate as those without it .
Well this guy has a pair of undershorts tattooed on his body so technically he is n’t naked .
If you ’re ever in Barcelona , you might get “ lucky ” and run into “ the old naked guy “ .
No one knows his name but everybody knows him , he ’s kind of a local mascot , walking around in the nude with his huge penis hanging down halfway to his knees .
Tourists either avoid him or just stop and stare at him , but he does n’t seem to mind .
The police have tried to reason with him and he has even been institutionalized a few times but he always came back .
Source
Writing things down , on paper or on - screen , is the best way to make sure you remember important info and tasks , but sometimes you 've got to rely on your plain old brain to keep essential data sorted and handy .
Whether it's a client 's name , a password or combination you want stored only in your head , or answers for an upcoming test , there are plenty of techniques and tools to help you lock in important stuff and pull it out when needed .
After the jump , we round up some memorable memory - boosting hacks .
Photo by furryscaly .
Advertisement
10 . Nap to improve memory and learning
It may not seem like you 're learning anything when you close your eyes and doze off , but taking a daytime nap can help you reduce interference — the brain 's resistance to learning new material , rather than what it already learned earlier — and help your recall , as suggested in the journal Nature Neuroscience .
The key number in a study on nap - learning was 90 minutes , but it seems like general how - to knowledge sinks in better whenever you take any kind of siesta .
Photo by cell105 .
Advertisement
9 . Boost learning power with strategic " distractions "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
This does n't mean switching from your GRE prep to Nintendo Wii , but switching up your studying from one subject to a slightly different one — moving , say , from one CSS function and then back — forces your brain to try and hold onto the first thing you were focusing on , according to researchers .
The momentary distraction might also help reduce your stress level , helping your concentration even further .
( Original post ) .
Photo by Sam Pullara .
Advertisement
8. Visualize reminders with the Palace Technique
Advertisement
Whether it 's your home , an office , or some other place , there 's a space most of us can walk through in our minds .
Turn that mental space into a list organizer by using the " Palace Technique . "
The LiteMind Blog has a good overview of the technique , which has you associating each thing you need to remember with objects you 'd see in a walk - through — milk at the front door , printer paper on the floor mat , paper towels on the kitchen table , etc .
When you need to remember , just stroll through your ( mental ) home , and you should recall the associations .
( Original post )
Advertisement
7 . Draw a name map
Advertisement
Got a meeting with the higher - ups and want to make a positive impression ?
Bring a notepad or just an index card and map out the players ' names , or just seating positions , as soon as you sit down , along with some identifiers ( " Jim / beard , # 4/ glasses , " and the like ) .
From covering my fair share of board meetings for newspapers , I can attest to the benefits of writing notes and quotes from mapped numbers and later follow - up , rather than hoping your overwhelmed mind can juggle it all at once .
( Original post )
Remember names by drawing a map Avoid the dreaded " what was your name again ? " scenario the next time you 're in a meeting by drawing Read more
Advertisement
6. Recall lists using dramatic imagery
Advertisement
You 're heading out the door , and you 're absolutely sure you 're going to forget to drop off the mail , or buy the milk , or both .
Blogger Bert Webb might suggest focusing on an image of dropping letters into a mailbox that looks like a giant milk jug , or perhaps a mailman made entirely of liquid milk .
In other words , anything that pushes your list items past your brain 's boring / mundane filter is far likelier to stick .
( Original post )
How to remember lists Blogger Bert Webb continues his series on improving your memory with instructions on how to …
Read more
Advertisement
5 . Never have to write down countless , unique passwords with a single master pattern
Advertisement
The safest place to store your passwords is in your head , and you do n't want to use one password for all your logins .
This is n't so much a " memory " hack as an efficiency tip , but it only forces your noggin to come up with one really great password system rather than lots of highly forgettable variations .
Choose a base password , like an abbreviated or acronym version of a favorite phrase or song , then create a system for changing it up site to site , like using the first three letters of the site name , the first four consonants or first two vowels , whatever fits for you .
Clicking " Forgot your password ? " and waiting on verification emails will be a distant memory , one you can feel just fine about forgetting .
Advertisement
4. Remember names with repetition techniques
Networking does you no good if you can't remember what to call the person you 've already schmoozed the next time you meet them .
How - to web site eHow recommends simply saying the person 's name multiple times after you 're introduced , as in : " Hi , Bob , it 's nice to meet you .
So , Bob , where do you .... "
But other tips from CareerBuilder / CNN might work better with the visual - learning crowd , such as writing the person 's name on their forehead in your mind or associating them with a linked image , like imagining someone named Leonard as , say , Leonard Nimoy .
( Original posts )
Advertisement
How to remember names
eHow has some tips that 'll help you remember people 's names .
They key is to trap their name in your Read more
3. Convert long numbers to words
Advertisement
Whether it's a hardcore software password or your car 's VIN , long strings of numbers are hard to keep straight .
Using a technique like the Major system or its modified cousin , the Red Table , the long string of disconnected digits become a lot easier to grok .
Check out this conversion helper , which even has its own convenient Firefox extension .
( Original post )
Advertisement
2 . Make your own memory devices with mnemonics
Many of the tips and techniques we 've posted stem from the science of mnemonics , which utilizes all the senses to aid learning .
If number - to - word methods or vivid images do n't work for you , browse this great introduction and learn how to use three - dimensional images , symbols , and your own sense of humor to encode must - not - forget items and happenings .
The most important tip ?
Make your memory device something funny or positive — we all have enough negative reminders , and have gotten pretty good at channeling them out .
( Original post )
Advertisement
Better memory with mnemonics Mnemonics , put very simply , are tools and exercises used to help your memory .
Over at Mind Tools … Read more
1. Train your brain with SuperMemo
Advertisement
Free Windows application SuperMemo helps you remember concepts using spaced repetition .
SuperMemo is based on years of research by learning expert Piotr Wozniak , who sought to find the exact moments when one is just about to forget something they just learned .
Available in several versions for Windows , Pocket PC and Ye Olde Palm Pilots , SuperMemo is a serious tool for super remembrance .
( Original post )
Advertisement
What methods or tricks do you use to make sure you can't forget the important stuff ?
How do you augment your paper and program lists with mental training ?
Which ingenious techniques are we missing ?
Share your experiences and pointers in the comments .
A SOARING sculpture .
An instantly recognisable symbol of Sydney .
The beautiful building on Bennelong Point is many things , but not a successful opera house .
Half a century after the Danish architect Joern Utzon won the competition to design it , and 35 years after it opened , Sydney is still wrestling with the question of how to make its opera house sound as good as it looks .
The Opera House was doomed from the start : Utzon had been given an impossible task .
The brief called for " a large hall " to stage both symphony concerts and large - scale opera .
That was never going to work .
Concert halls and opera theatres need different acoustics and different facilities .
So the big shell became the concert hall , and opera was relegated to the smaller shell , which had been envisaged mainly as a drama theatre .
Now there are plans to rebuild the opera theatre inside the Opera House to overcome its lack of space and other problems .
The plans call for structural work that is the big item in a makeover mooted to cost as much as $ 700 million .
For that sum , Sydney could build a new opera theatre somewhere else .
When that idea was floated last month in the Herald , there was a roar of support , and some criticism .
Many wanted a new opera theatre , and had firm ideas on where to put it .
Others wanted to evict symphony concerts from the Opera House and build a concert hall elsewhere .
Then opera could be at the heart of the city 's most famous building , and the Sydney Opera House would at last be true to its name .
The architect Ken Woolley has gone one better , with a proposal that would allow the Opera House complex to stage the grandest of grand operas without remaking either the opera theatre or concert hall .
His idea is to build a 1800 - seat opera theatre next to the Opera House , partly over the harbour and partly into the Botanic Gardens .
He says this could be done for $ 400 million .
Woolley admits his idea will not appeal to all .
" Some critics will feel it compromises Utzon 's original vision , while others will say it just will not work …
It does demand courage .
Only the brave would dare build something near the sacred monument . "
A Japanese H - 2A rocket lifts off from its launch pad on the island of Tanagashima on Saturday February 23 , 2008 .
Japan 's space agency said Saturday it launched a communications satellite designed to enable super high - speed data transmission .
A cutting - edge Japanesesatellite was hurled into orbit Saturday , beginning a mission to plant theseeds for a space - based infrastructure to spread access to information inremote corners of the Far East and Southeast Asia .
Built to help bringbroadband Internet services into underserved households and businesses , the Wideband Internetworking engineering test and Demonstration Satellite willreach both local markets in Japan and international centers across the Asia -Pacific region .
" The purpose of WINDSis to develop and demonstrate technology to establish the world 's most advancedinformation society , " said Yasuo Nakamura , the mission 's project manager .
The craft was driven intospace atop an H - 2A rocket launched from the Yoshinobu complex on TanegashimaIsland at the southern end of the Japanese archipelago .
The orange and whitelauncher , fitted with two large solid rocket boosters and four smaller strap - onmotors , bolted into the sky at 0855 GMT ( 3:55 a.m. EST ) Saturday .
Liftoff slipped to the endof the day 's window because of a boat in a downrange restricted zone andpersistent high winds that reached nearly 40 miles per hour .
The gusts finallydied down enough for engineers to clear the rocket for flight shortly after sunset .
The rocket arced eastwardfrom Tanegashima , shedding its boosters and nose cone before its first stageexhausted its supply of cryogenic propellant about six - and - a- half minutes afterliftoff .
The H - 2A 's second stage fired twice to inject the WINDS payload intoits targeted orbit , and live video from the rocket showed spacecraft separationat the 28 - minute mark in the mission .
Nicknamed Kizuna , the 10,692 - pound satellite was expected to be released in an orbit with a highpoint of 22,354 miles and a low point of 155 miles .
The geosynchronous transferorbit should have an inclination of 28.5 degrees , according to prelaunchestimates .
Japan Aerospace ExplorationAgency officials declared the launch a success after acquiring communicationssignals from Kizuna .
The flight was delayed fromFeb.
15 to give technicians time to resolve a problem with an attitude controlthruster on the rocket 's second stage .
Officials ordered the replacement of afaulty part before pressing ahead with final preparations .
Kizuna will use its ownpropulsion module to gradually boost its orbit to an altitude of approximately 22,300 miles and reduce its inclination to zero degrees to enter geosynchronousorbit , where the craft 's velocity will match the speed of Earth 's rotation .
Kizunawill be permanently parked above the equator at 143 degrees east longitude , orabove the Pacific Ocean north of New Guinea .
Built by Mitsubishi HeavyIndustries Ltd. , the satellite will deploy its antennas and complete fourmonths of systems testing before its demonstrations begin in July .
The $ 484 million five - yearmission is the first step in a government - led demonstration of technologiesthat could revolutionize Internet - based communications .
JAXA is fronting mostof the mission 's funding , with the National Institute of Information andCommunications Technology providing the remaining $ 56 million , according to aJAXA spokesperson .
The name Kizuna , whichmeans " ties between people , " was selected from suggestions submittedby the public .
Kizuna features two7.9 - foot Ka-band dish reflectors attached to a multi- beam antenna designed toserve locales across Asia .
One dish will focus on nine regions in Japan , plusparts of Korea , Beijing and Shanghai .
Another reflector will reach a broaderswath of the Asia - Pacific .
Enhanced with a powerfulamplifier , the multi - beam antenna enables ultra - high - speed two - waycommunications with data rates near 1.2 gigabytes per second for businesseswith ground antennas more than 15 feet in diameter .
Four - foot ground antennascan reach two - way communication speeds of 155 megabytes per second , accordingto JAXA .
Individuals with 1.5 - footantennas can also receive a sizable boost in communications speeds throughKizuna .
Those dishes will be able to receive information at a rate of 155 megabytes per second , faster than commercial fiber - optic networks .
JAXA officials say suchhigh - speed communications are difficult to achieve through conventionalsatellites and small ground terminals .
A cornerstone of Kizuna 's mission is toallow smaller dishes to attain communication rates previously reserved forlarge and expensive ground antennas .
Ka-band frequencies aretypically hindered by rain , but Kizuna 's multi- beam antenna can allocate itspower capacity to regions based on both weather conditions and real - timedemand .
This provides a level of flexibility unmatched by most currentcommunications satellites , JAXA officials said .
" It will allocatepower efficiently by sending a stronger signal to a rainy region , and a weakersignal to a sunny region , " Nakamura said .
Kizuna also carries aKa - band phased array antenna with an arrangement of transmitters and receiverscapable of rapidly changing coverage zones to respond to demand .
The phased array antennawill reach an area stretching from the central Pacific to India , opening upone - third of the planet to Kizuna 's communications experiments .
A switchboard - like deviceaboard Kizuna can instantly route uplinked messages to their intendeddestinations , a notable departure from most communications satellites thatrequire help from the ground .
Kizuna will begintechnology experiments in July with extensive testing of its communicationspayload to assess its ability to support subsequent demonstrations .
By October , engineers expect to kick off a series of advanced experiments .
Controllers will attempt tobeam broadband Internet into homes in remote parts of Asia through simple andinexpensive ground antennas to help bridge the digital divide between urban andrural citizens .
" Although the Internetis very popular in urban areas , connectivity is not yet sufficient in manymountainous regions , on remote islands , or in Asian countries where thecommunications infrastructure is not well developed , " Nakamura said . " ( Kizuna ) can make advanced high - speed communications available even insuch areas . "
Officials will also testthe viability of the system for use in disasters that may dissolve terrestrialnetworks .
Kizuna 's antennas will link up with small mobile stations anddemonstrate replacing a severed backbone Internet line to prove asatellite - based communications system can step in if tragedy strikes .
" Even if communicationnetworks are disrupted and electricity lines are down , an Internet connectioncan be easily set up anywhere , " Nakamura said .
Kizuna will alsodemonstrate multicasting between teachers and students in a distance learningprogram .
Multicasting using Kizuna will facilitate more interactivecommunications among remote classes , according to Nakamura .
Kizuna will conduct 53 other experiments selected from private proposals for the remainder of itsmission .
" We 'd like to explorethe entire potential of ( Kizuna ) as we ensure the success of all theseexperiments , " Nakamura said .
The next flight of the H - 2 Arocket will launch GOSAT , a satellite to measure the amount of harmfulgreenhouse gases in Earth 's atmosphere .
That mission is scheduled for launchthis fall .
Researchers at USC have taken another step towards that holiest of sci- fi dreams : the 3D holographic display .
Using a spinning mirror covered with a " holographic diffuser , " a special DVI implementation , and a high - speed projector , the team 's device can project a three - dimensional image that can be viewed from 360 degrees -- regardless of the viewer 's height and distance .
That 's impressive , but that spinning mirror looks pretty dangerous .
Check a video of the system in action after the break . [ Via Core77
The message from the CBI was clear .
After more than a decade in which the strong pound and low - cost imports have kept prices under control , inflation is back .
The same forces that helped bear down on the cost of living - the exchange rate and globalisation - are now the transmission mechanism for pushing up prices in Britain .
The recent weakness of sterling , particularly against the euro , means imports become dearer , amplifying the inflationary impacts of China 's resource - hungry economic boom .
The increased prices UK consumers are paying for petrol , milk and bread are partly due to what is happening in east Asia .
According to the employers ' organisation , the inflationary pressures on industry are strong .
It is 18 years since British factories have seen their non-wage costs increase as strongly as they have over the past three months , and despite weakening demand for their products , factories have been passing on part of the increase in fuel and raw materials prices to their customers .
The CBI 's industrial trends survey showed domestic and export prices charged by manufacturers were rising at their fastest pace since 1995 .
The reports by CBI members are echoed by the official data .
In March , input prices for UK firms - fuel and raw materials such as industrial metals - were more than 20 % higher than a year earlier .
Wages account for the biggest share of industry 's total costs , but even so firms have been unable to increase productivity quickly enough to absorb a one - fifth jump in fuel and raw materials .
As a result , they have been raising their tariffs , with so - called factory gate prices rising at an annual rate of 6.2 % .
So far , these high levels of inflation as measured by producer prices have not fed through into the official measures of consumer inflation .
The government 's preferred measure of the cost of living - the consumer prices index - is running at 2.5 % , only slightly above its 2 % target .
Most pay bargainers still use the retail prices index as the benchmark for their annual negotiations ; on this measure , which unlike the CPI includes housing costs , inflation is running at 3.8 % .
One view of the relationship between producer and consumer prices is that the official data is underestimating the true level of inflation faced by households .
While the Office for National Statistics says that it looks carefully at what average families pay for goods and services , many of the groups representing the elderly and the low - paid insist that the true rate of inflation is a lot higher than 2.5 % or even 3.8 % .
They point to steeply rising food prices - butter and eggs are rising more than 12 times as rapidly as CPI inflation overall - as an indication of what is really happening in the high street .
The ONS figures show a more mixed picture .
Prices of some goods are not only down year - on - year but are actually cheaper than they were 20 years ago .
Women 's clothes , for example , are 6.8 % down on the spring of 2007 and cost 5 % less than they did in 1987 .
The most spectacular falls have been in audio-visual equipment , where technological improvements coupled with low - cost production in Asia have resulted in prices falling 20 % in the past year and almost 90 % over the past two decades .
Spending patterns , therefore , contribute significantly to an individual 's inflation rate .
A young person without a mortgage who spends a sizeable chunk of their income on clothes and the latest electronic gizmos is likely to have seen their personal cost of living rise far more slowly than a pensioner who needs the heating on for a larger part of the day and spends a bigger slice of their income on food .
The Bank of England conducts regular surveys to judge what the public thinks about trends in inflation and recently these have started to reflect the sharp increase in food and fuel prices .
Threadneedle Street 's anxiety is that there will be knock - on effects , with pay bargainers seeking to maintain living standards through higher pay deals and companies seeking to pass on increased costs to their customers .
Ian McCafferty , the CBI 's chief economist , says that the Bank 's concern about an inflationary spiral will slow the pace of interest rate cuts this year .
Yesterday 's data indicates , however , that retailers are having a tough time passing on cost increases in the current climate .
With food and fuel becoming more expensive , consumers have less to spend on luxuries , and falling house prices mean they are less willing than before to withdraw equity from their homes .
Strong competitive pressures in the high street mean that in a stand - off between retailers and consumers , the shopkeepers will blink first .
Price pressures
2.5 %
The government 's measure of inflation in the consumer prices index
12
Rate at which cost of butter and eggs is rising in relation to CPI average
3.8 %
Inflation according to the retail prices index , which includes housing costs
90 %
Drop in audio-visual equipment prices over the past two decades
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
Hu Jia was arrested in his dining room , two days after Christmas
Hu Jia , who publicises human rights abuses across China , has been accused of inciting subversion of state power .
Campaigners say his arrest shows that China is not keeping its promise to improve human rights ahead of this year 's Beijing Olympic Games .
But the government says China is a country ruled by laws , and Hu Jia will be dealt with according to the law .
Sudden detention
Two days after Christmas , about 30 security officers burst into Hu Jia 's flat and took him away .
Officials were apparently tired of his efforts to support human rights cases across the country .
He had become a kind of one - man clearing house for information , passing it on to journalists , organisations and foreign embassies .
His wife Zeng Jinyan , also a prominent activist , has been put under house arrest with the couple 's two - month - old baby .
The BBC was not allowed to visit her when we went to the couple 's flat on the outskirts of Beijing last month .
Since he was detained , there has been little word about Hu Jia 's condition and whereabouts .
His lawyers have not been allowed to see him .
But officials have now sent his family formal notification that he has been arrested .
" After 37 days a suspect has to be either released or formally arrested .
Hu Jia has been arrested , " said a family friend , lawyer Teng Biao .
Mr Hu faces charges of subverting state power , a serious charge that could lead to a long prison term .
Rights groups say Beijing is cracking down on dissent ahead of the Olympics in August .
" The preparations for the Olympics are having an overall negative impact on human rights developments in China , " said Sophie Richardson of Human Rights Watch .
The United States and the European Union have also voiced their concern about Hu Jia 's arrest .
But so far , this criticism has had no visible effect .
Packers - Cowboys :
The big game few will see
Count Wisconsin Gov. Jim
Doyle among the millions of fans frustrated that they can't watch the Green Bay Packers play the Dallas Cowboys tonight in one of the biggest NFL games of the year .
That 's because the Governor 's Mansion in Madison does n't get the NFL Network .
Outside of local broadcasts in Green Bay and Milwaukee , most Wisconsin residents wo n't get to see their 10 - 1 Packers play the 10 - 1 Cowboys because the state 's two major cable operators — Charter Communications and Time Warner Cable — do n't offer the league - owned network .
Doyle 's son
Gus does n't know it yet , but the governor will be visiting him about 7 p.m. to watch the game on DirecTV , which carries the NFL Network .
PHOTOS : Behind the scenes at the NFL Network studios
Fans complaining about not being able to see the game is " something I 'm hearing about a lot , " Doyle says .
" I share their frustration . "
Similar viewing rearrangements will play out in Texas and across the USA tonight as football fans scramble to find a relative , friend , bar or restaurant with access to the NFL Network , available to less than 40 % of TV homes .
It all reflects how fans of the nation 's most popular televised sport have become pawns in a marketing dispute between the NFL — which is pressing cable companies to carry its fledgling network as a basic or digital - cable offering — and cable operators who have refused to run the network or made it part of sports programming packages that typically cost viewers an extra $ 5 to $ 8 a month .
The NFL , which built its popularity — and its considerable wealth — by making games widely available on free TV , turned up the heat on cable operators such as Time Warner , Comcast and Charter during the second half of the 2006 season , when it began showing regular - season games on the NFL Network .
But the 4 - year - old network has never carried a game that meant as much as the Packers - Cowboys contest .
The game at Texas Stadium in Irving will feature two of the league 's marquee franchises battling for the NFC 's best record — and the inside track to home - field advantage in the NFC playoffs .
By putting such a big game on its own network — rather than giving it to Fox , which is in the second year of a six - year deal in which it 's paying the NFL $ 712 million annually to air NFC regular - season and playoff games , plus two Super Bowls — the league is taking a marketing gamble .
Because of the NFL Network 's limited reach , the Packers - Cowboys game will be lucky to generate an audience one - fourth the size it would draw on Fox .
In essence , the NFL is wagering its product is popular enough that football fans will see holdout cable companies as the bad guys and dump them in favor of the 245 cable , satellite and telecommunications firms that have agreements with NFL Network .
To try to stoke such action by fans , the NFL has been airing radio ads this week urging them to fire their cable providers .
The cable companies have fired back in their own ads .
This is not the first time a network has tried to build viewership with a big game .
In February 1994 , ESPN put the Duke - North Carolina basketball game on ESPN2 .
The hope was that the No. 1 - vs. - No. 2 showdown would get viewers to persuade their cable companies to include ESPN2 , then in just 13 million households , in their cable package .
The NFL Network media war has been particularly hot in football - mad Texas .
This week , Cowboys coach Wade Phillips was featured in taped radio ads , urging fans in San Antonio , Austin and other markets to " sack Time Warner and switch to an NFL Network partner . "
Some fans have taken sides in the standoff between the NFL and cable operators , but many blame both .
The anger seems to be building as more fans realize they wo n't be able to watch tonight 's game , which has the marks of a classic matchup in prime time , including a duel between Packers legendary quarterback Brett Favre , 38 , and Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo , 27 , who grew up in Wisconsin and is emerging as one of the NFL 's new stars .
Ed Jablonski of Wausau , Wis. , blames cable companies such as his own provider , Charter , for making many fans miss the big game .
" I 'm very upset about this .
It 's not fair , " says the 82 - year - old Packers fan .
" Why is it that these monopolies can do this to us ? "
Tony Minnick , a 40 - year - old Cowboys fan from Philadelphia Eagles country in Manheim , Pa. , says he plans to switch to DirecTV from Comcast to watch the game .
The Cowboys are the league 's top national TV draw .
Minnick says the NFL is deliberately holding two Cowboys games hostage this year to force fans such as himself to switch TV providers .
" What better way to up your subscriptions than to put on the most - watched team in the country ? "
The winners so far in this fight are restaurants and bars with satellite dishes .
Bubba 's Sports Bar & Grill in Houston has been assuring callers that , yes , Bubba 's will be showing Cowboys - Packers .
" We 're going to be packed , " predicts assistant manager Cookie Bolton .
Randy Coffman , a 47 - year - old Washington fan , is worried the NFL will shift more games to its channel , especially the most attractive matchups .
He wonders whether the NFL 's move is the first step toward forcing fans to pay more to watch playoff games and see the Super Bowl on a pay - per - view basis .
" Next year , they 'll put four or five more games on NFL Network .
Ten years from now , everything will be on NFL Network .
You 'll need some sort of super TV , with a super satellite , to even watch the NFL . "
Jeff Guertin , 33 , a New England Patriots fan from Holden , Mass. , is furious his cable provider , Charter , stopped offering NFL Network because of a contract dispute .
Guertin's worried he wo n't be able to watch his Patriots , now 11 - 0 , possibly go for the NFL 's first undefeated regular season in 35 years when New England plays the New York Giants on Dec. 29 , the Patriots ' and NFL Network 's last game of the regular season .
When he calls Charter to complain , they tell him they 're still in negotiations .
" They say , ' You 'd have to pay extra for it . '
I say : ' Fine , I 'll give you the money right now , ' " Guertin says .
" But they wo n't let me pay . "
John Miller , a spokesman for Charter 's Midwest division , says it 's the NFL Network " denying " fans by blacking out the game everywhere except the local markets , which is the NFL 's normal cable TV policy .
Fox gets ' short end of this deal '
After four years of wrangling with cable operators , the NFL Network is available in just 43.5 million homes ( 38.6 % ) of the estimated 112.8 million U.S. households with televisions , according to Nielsen Media Research .
The NFL 's broadcast partners , NBC , Fox and CBS , reach 99 % .
ESPN , which has the Monday Night Football package , is on basic cable and reaches 85.5 % of homes .
The NFL Network 's first game this season , Indianapolis ' 31 - 13 victory against Atlanta on Thanksgiving night , generated an average audience of 4.21 million viewers ( that 's the estimated number of viewers watching at any point during the telecast ) , up 2.7 % from the network 's eight - game average of 4.1 million last season .
That number does n't take into account fans who watched in bars , restaurants , dormitories and friends ' homes .
In contrast , NBC is averaging 16.6 million viewers this season for its prime - time Sunday Night Football games .
Fox and CBS are averaging 16.4 million and 16.2 million for their Sunday afternoon games .
ESPN is averaging 11 million for MNF .
If Fox were airing Packers - Cowboys this Sunday , the game 's audience likely would rival that of the Nov. 4 Indianapolis - New England game on CBS .
That clash of undefeated AFC powers generated the biggest average audience for a regular - season Sunday afternoon game since 1987 , 33.8 million .
Fox officials have declined to comment on the NFL's move to put the Packers - Cowboys game on the league 's network .
Fox " is certainly getting the short end of this deal , " says Paul Swangard , managing director of the University of Oregon 's Warsaw Sports Marketing Center .
" If I 'm Fox , I 'm wondering exactly what I 'm paying for " with more than $ 700 million a year in broadcast - rights fees .
' It 's not a level playing field '
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell says the league is determined to use games to help build its network and blames the current controversy on a double standard by cable operators .
For example , Goodell said during a conference call Nov. 20 , Comcast gives wide distribution to its own Versus and Golf Channel networks while shunting the NFL Network to a " sports tier " of programming that costs customers an extra $ 5 a month .
" It 's not a level playing field , " he said .
" We are fighting to be treated like their own channels . "
David Cohen , executive vice president of Comcast , says it 's the NFL that makes the rules on what fans can watch in different cities .
It 's the NFL that tore up its own distribution model by taking " these eight games off free broadcast television and to try to enrich themselves at the expense of their fans by creating a multibillion - dollar asset called the NFL Network . "
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones says games such as Thursday 's showdown give the NFL Network the leverage to do an end run around cable .
Jones , head of the league 's NFL Network committee , has been barnstorming the country urging fans to cancel service from cable operators that refuse to carry the channel or that charge extra for it and turn to satellite or cable TV companies that offer the network .
Cable operators , meanwhile , remain defiant .
The number of Time Warner customers disconnecting their service because of the absence of the NFL Network has been " insignificant , " says chief programming officer Melinda Witmer , whose company has 14.6 million subscribers in 33 states , including Texas and Wisconsin .
If NFL Network wants a slot on Time Warner 's cable systems , it will have to settle for having the network placed in a sports programming package or having games shown on a pay - per - view basis , she says .
" There 's a lot of football on broadcast , on ESPN , " Witmer says .
" Our customers say they 're seeing enough football . "
How crazy has the fight between the NFL and cable operators become ?
The NFL can't watch its own channel on cable TV at its New York headquarters .
Time Warner serves the neighborhood , and because Time Warner does n't carry the NFL Network , the league gets its channel through DirecTV .
Complicated decision
All NFL Network games also are shown on broadcast TV in the markets of the home teams , as long as the games are sold out 72 hours in advance .
They are always shown in the visiting teams ' markets .
The Cowboys - Packers game , for example , will air on free TV in Green Bay , Milwaukee and Dallas .
Starting tonight , the league says its NFL.com website and NFL Mobile wireless service will offer fans live " look - ins " at NFL Network game action .
Those exceptions do n't do much for NFL fans across the nation .
Tony Lipari , a Buffalo Bills fan from Rochester , N.Y. , warns that the more games the NFL moves to a channel most viewers can't or wo n't pay for , the greater the likelihood fans will choose to watch college football or other sports instead of pro football .
It 's easy for the Cowboys ' Jones to tell fans to fire their cable operators , says Doug Morris , a Kansas City Chiefs fan from Lee 's Summit , Mo .
The reality is that many consumers also get their Internet and phone service from their cable companies , he says , and canceling cable TV service would jack up their other rates .
" It 's kind of like baseball :
The billionaires are fighting the millionaires , " Morris says .
" John Doe public just wants to watch the game .
So work it out . "
To what lengths , if any , will you be going to watch Thursday night 's Packers - Cowboys game that is available only via the NFL Network ?
Share your thoughts below .
The death of a nearby star system comes as a relief — and a warning .
Credit : OLIVER BURSTON
At last , after feats of information processing that taxed our resources to the limit , we have solved the long - standing mystery of the Double Nova .
Even now , we have interpreted only a small fraction of the radio and optical messages from the culture that perished so spectacularly , but the main facts — astonishing though they are — seem beyond dispute .
Our late neighbours evolved on a world much like our own planet , at such a distance from its sun that water was normally liquid .
After a long period of barbarism , they began to develop technologies using readily available materials and sources of energy .
Their first machines — like ours — depended on chemical reactions involving the elements hydrogen , carbon and oxygen .
Inevitably , they constructed vehicles for moving on land and sea , as well as through the atmosphere and out into space .
After discovering electricity , they quickly developed telecommunications devices , including the radio transmitters that first alerted us to their existence .
Although the moving images these provided revealed their appearance and behaviour , most of our understanding of their history and eventual fate has been derived from the complex symbols that they used to record information .
Shortly before the end , they encountered an energy crisis , partly triggered by their enormous physical size and violent activity .
For a while , the widespread use of uranium fission and hydrogen fusion postponed the inevitable .
Then , driven by necessity , they made desperate attempts to find superior alternatives .
After several false starts , involving low - temperature nuclear reactions of scientific interest but no practical value , they succeeded in tapping the quantum fluctuations that occur at the very foundations of space–time .
This gave them access to a virtually infinite source of energy .
What happened next is still a matter of conjecture .
It may have been an industrial accident , or an attempt by one of their many competing organizations to gain advantage over another .
In any event , by mishandling the ultimate forces of the Universe , they triggered a cataclysm which detonated their own planet — and , very shortly afterwards , its single large moon .
Although the annihilation of any intelligent beings should be deplored , it is impossible to feel much regret in this particular case .
The history of these huge creatures contains countless episodes of violence , against their own species and the numerous others that occupied their planet .
Whether they would have made the necessary transition — as we did , ages ago — from carbon - to germanium - based consciousness , has been the subject of much debate .
It is quite surprising what they were able to achieve , as massive individual entities exchanging information at a pitiably low data rate — often by very short - range vibrations in their atmosphere !
They were apparently on the verge of developing the necessary technology that would have allowed them to abandon their clumsy , chemically fuelled bodies and thus achieve multiple connectivity : had they succeeded , they might well have been a serious danger to all the civilizations of our Local Cluster .
Let us ensure that such a situation never arises again .
Author information Author notes Dedicated to Drs Pons and Fleischmann , Nobel laureates of the twenty - first century .
© Sir Arthur C. Clarke 1999 .
Sir Arthur C. Clarke is chancellor of the International Space University and the University of Moratuwa , Sri Lanka .
He is the author of 2001 : A Space Odyssey and many other novels and stories , and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for inventing the communications satellite .
His latest book is Greetings , Carbon - Based Bipeds !
He lives in Sri Lanka .
Arthur C. Clarke Authors Arthur C. Clarke View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar
Additional information Dedicated to Drs Pons and Fleischmann , Nobel laureates of the twenty - first century .
© Sir Arthur C. Clarke 1999 .
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
About this article Cite this article Clarke , A. Improving the neighbourhood .
Nature 402 , 19 ( 1999 ) .
https://doi.org/10.1038/46906
Download citation Issue Date : 04 November 1999
DOI : https://doi.org/10.1038/46906
A majority of Americans say that in the past five years , “ they either have n’t moved forward in life ( 25 % ) or have fallen backward ( 31 % ) — the most downbeat assessment in nearly half a century of polling , ” according to a survey released today by Pew Research Center .
“ But at the same time , two - thirds say they have [… ]
Peace activist Cindy Sheehan wants to snatch House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's congressional seat from her in November , but first she 's going to need the help - and signatures - of 10,198 friends and supporters .
Sheehan was at San Francisco City Hall on Friday to take out papers for her independent run for Congress , but without those signatures from voters in the district , her name wo n't show up on the ballot .
" It 's an uphill battle , " said Sheehan , who vowed to run against Pelosi in July after the speaker refused to start impeachment proceedings against President George Bush .
" But I 'm excited about the signature - gathering process .
It 's going to be an opportunity to talk to people about our campaign . "
The 50 - year - old Sheehan , whose son , Casey , was killed while serving in Iraq in 2004 , became the public face of the anti-war movement when she mounted a demonstration outside Bush 's Texas ranch that lasted from 2005 to 2007 .
Even after pleading exhaustion and closing down " Camp Casey " in May , Sheehan was a regular speaker at anti-war gatherings across the nation .
Since moving from Dixon to San Francisco 's Mission District , she 's been campaigning virtually full time .
To get the signatures , equal to 3 percent of the district voters registered for the 2006 general election , the campaign will have people setting up ironing boards and card tables on street corners throughout the city , seeking voters who want an alternative to Pelosi .
Sheehan has until Aug. 8 to collect the needed signatures .
Getting on the ballot will be the easy part for Sheehan .
If she becomes a recognized candidate , she 'll be challenging one of the best - known and most powerful Democrats in the country in Pelosi , a 10 - term incumbent who routinely collects around 80 percent of the vote in the San Francisco - only district .
Election challenges are nothing new to Pelosi , who has faced token Republican opposition in most of her November races , along with occasional primary challenges .
But since she beat former San Francisco Supervisor Harry Britt in the 1987 special election to replace the late Rep. Sala Burton , Pelosi 's political resume has been short of opponents anyone other than local political junkies has ever heard of .
Sheehan has name recognition , particularly for her Camp Casey crusade .
" I said last year that I was going to take a break ( from the anti-war movement ) and then come back , " Sheehan said in an interview at her Mission Street campaign headquarters .
But when the president commuted White House aide Scooter Libby 's prison sentence last summer , she said , she decided " that seeing George Bush impeached would be a victory for humanity . "
Calls for impeachment from Sheehan and other progressives did n't move Pelosi , who already had declared that impeachment was " off the table " when it came to the Democratic congressional agenda .
" In this political environment , the speaker has to work for those things that are possible , " said Brendan Daly , a spokesman for Pelosi .
An impeachment effort , he said , " would be divisive , we could n't get the votes , and we would have to spend all our time on it . "
There are plenty of congressional Democrats , especially in the Bay Area , who do n't agree , including Reps .
Lynn Woolsey , Barbara Lee and Pete Stark , along with other progressives , both in and out of office .
Impeachment is n't Sheehan 's only concern .
Pelosi 's refusal to vote for an immediate end to the Iraq war and to support single - payer health care shows she 's out of touch with San Francisco 's progressive roots , Sheehan said .
" I 'll represent everyone in San Francisco , not just the corporate elite , " she said .
" I 'm working class , my family was working class , and we have struggled the same way our neighbors here in San Francisco have struggled . "
There 's nothing unusual about Pelosi taking fire from the left , said Daly , her spokesman , especially when the speaker has to be concerned not only about her district , but also about the party across the country .
Pelosi " has always been forceful about speaking her mind on issues like human rights in China and the war in Iraq , " he said .
" In San Francisco , there 's always tension between the district and the leadership responsibility . "
The speaker will get an early look at the unhappiness of the city 's progressives , because she 's being challenged by local activist Shirley Golub in the June 3 Democratic primary .
" I 've just had the sense from people I 've talked to that ( Pelosi ) has n't done what people in the community want her to do , " Golub said .
" People now have a choice , and they have n't had a Democratic choice for a long , long time . "
Despite the upbeat talk , Sheehan and Golub , along with Republican Dana Walsh and Libertarian Philip Berg in November , are the longest of longshots to give Pelosi even a moment 's worry on election day .
In a district where Democrats outnumber Republicans 56 percent to 10 percent and a state where incumbents almost never lose , a party leader like Pelosi has every right to be making plans for her next term in office .
The odds do n't bother Sheehan , who has raised more than $ 100,000 for her race , most of it from outside the district .
" Even people who I wo n't represent are willing to back me , because they know what I 'll do in office , " she said .
" Many people in San Francisco know me , and they know my persistence .
" If I get to Washington , I 'll only be in office a couple weeks before Bush leaves , but I guarantee he 'll know I 'm there . "
Polygamist Moms : We Were Taken Away ' Like Animals '
Police came in body armor , with automatic weapons , sect 's photos of raid show .
April 16 , 2008  --
Three mothers from a polygamist community in West Texas complained today that they and more than 400 children were taken away at gunpoint " like animals " by heavily armed cops who raided their ranch earlier this month .
The women talked to " Good Morning America " hours after officials of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints released photos of the raid showing police in body armor carrying automatic weapons and backed by an armored personnel vehicle .
The sect is fighting back with a public relations campaign to counter claims by Texas authorities that young girls were physically abused and forced to marry at a young age at the Yearning for Zion Ranch outside the town of Eldorado .
Police raided the ranch after receiving a phone call for a 16 - year - old girl who claimed her 50 - year - old husband beat her and forced himself on her sexually .
She told a family victims hotline that she had an 8 - month - old child and believed she was pregnant again .
The trio of mothers from the sect denied to " GMA " that underage girls in the compound are abused , and said that the 16 - year - old who allegedly called the hotline does not exist .
" We were taken at gunpoint and there 's no papers served , like we 're animals , and our children taken away , " said one of the women , Esther .
" And a story we 're not allowed to hear , they wo n't give us ... about a person that does not exist . "
Authorities have not located or identified the 16 - year - old caller , who identified herself as Sarah .
The women , who declined to give their last names , said they were all born into the sect .
And one , Nancy , said she was married when she was 16 , but denied there was any coercion in the marriage .
" We can leave any time we want to leave , " Nancy said .
" I feel we are the most free women in the whole world , " Esther added .
When the third woman , Marie , was asked if she knew of young girls forced to have sex , she giggle slightly and said , " No I do not . "
The women said they will be present in court when custody hearings for their 416 children begin on Thursday .
Some of the children have already been placed in foster care .
Child Protective Services spokeswoman Marleigh Meisner said on Tuesday she believed the children in state custody had been physically or sexually abused or were at risk of being abused .
" This was not a safe environment for those children , " she said of the Yearning For Zion Ranch .
She also said the children would be more likely to tell investigators the truth " when they do n't have a parent there coaching them . "
The 416 children , most of whom are staying in the San Angelo coliseum , were followed by 139 mothers until Monday , when state officials forced all of the women who had children over the age of 5 to leave .
The women were given the choice of either returning to the ranch or going to what Meisner described as a " safe place . "
Six women opted not to return to the FLDS compound , Meisner said .
More than two dozen teenage boys taken from the polygamist sect have been shipped 400 miles away to a ranch for troubled boys and girls , the state confirmed to ABC News Tuesday .
Lawyers will begin to unravel what appears to be largest child custody case in U.S. history at a hearing Thursday .
Flickr now allows users to post short videos .
This is the worst thing that could happen in this world or any possible alternate timeline , at least if you ask the members of the " We Say NO to Videos on Flickr " group .
These people are devastated by this option .
They feel betrayed and violated by the thought that , if they want to upload a video to their account , they will be allowed to do so .
How can Flickr stab them in the back like this ?
Or more specifically , how can Flickr allow them to own cutlery and go around without body armor ?
Alt Text Podcast
Download audio files and subscribe to the Alt Text podcast .
There are petitions going around over this .
That 's not a surprise — online petitions are the favorite tool of passive activists , in spite of the fact that the only thing they ever accomplish is taking up a few kilobytes on a hard drive somewhere .
There are also threats of a lawsuit .
That cracks me up .
The legal argument appears to be : " I paid for a service with fewer options , and I want a judge to step in and prevent Flickr from giving me more than I asked for . "
If this lawsuit goes through , and is successful , I look forward to extracting bulky cash wads from local Chinese restaurants .
Decades of free fortune cookies , none of which I asked for , have sullied my dining experience , and I demand retribution .
The lawsuit is n't the point , of course .
A lawsuit threat on a message board makes an internet petition look like the March on Washington by comparison .
It 's just a conversational gambit , just a way of saying , " Gosh , I 'm really cheesed off here .
Seriously , I could just spit nails .
I want you to understand this , so I 'm going to start making up laws like an 8 - year - old inventing imaginary bunny people . "
So what is the point ?
I 've been trying to figure that out .
One argument is that if videos are allowed , people will put up videos of shallow and pointless things like cute kitties and teenagers in stupid outfits .
Seriously , I 'm trying really hard not to throw together straw men here , that 's an actual argument : People will put up videos of their cats .
A photo - only search on " cute kitty " at Flickr currently provides 70,759 results .
Hell , a search on " litter box " gives you 3,155 hits .
You could look at a Flickr photo of a litter box every single day , and you would n't run out of litter boxes before the sentient alpacas take over the government in 2016 .
The odd video of a snoring Manx is n't going to seriously compromise the quality control over at Flickr central .
Trying my damnedest to give people the benefit of the doubt , I think I know what their problem is .
Their problem is YouTube .
They look down from Flickr Hills into YouTube Chasm and see wailing , gnashing of teeth , and endless versions of " Caramelldansen " and they are sore afraid .
This borders on understandable .
After all , YouTube is widely acknowledged as an oily river of open sewage , devoid of aesthetic , intellectual or spiritual value .
( Except of course , for the engaging and edifying videos uploaded by the fine people at Wired.com , who rise above the limitations of the format and create items of such quality that God himself subscribes to them and watches them , well , religiously . )
While technically and technologically impossible , it 's not hard to imagine rampaging hooligans from YouTube , attracted by the musky scent of streaming video , pouring over the site and actually setting fire to the Historic Buildings Flickr group .
Photos of azaleas will be stomped and pictures of classic cars will be overturned in the riots , and the Flickr community will wake to find that the entire site is nothing but a smoldering pile of dangerously sharp pixels and misspelled swear words .
I 'm torn between supporting the blue - nosed , lawsuit - happy elitists , and the semiliterate , poorly compressed marauders .
I can only take solace in the knowledge that , if we were to give them clubs and chains and throw them into a giant cage , the resulting fracas would n't lack for visual documentation .
- - -
Born helpless , nude and unable to provide for himself , Lore Sjöberg eventually overcame these handicaps to become a documentarian , a dockworker and a doctrinaire .
Beware the Curse of YouTube 's Hideous Archive
Compiler : Flickr Celebrates Fourth Birthday , Video Rumors Persist
How - To Wiki : Turn Your Flickr Crush Into Real Romance
Compiler : Flickr Rebellion Brews at Specter of M$ Acquisition
How - To Wiki : Get the Most Out of Flickr
( Fortune Magazine ) --
" This is indeed a concern and we will tackle it . "
That was SEC chairman Christopher Cox 's handwritten note to a senator worried that companies were retaliating against analysts who produced research critical of them .
Almost three years later , it 's hard to see any sign that the SEC takes this issue seriously .
Stories about companies not permitting questions on conference calls from critical analysts , or excluding them from meetings , are routine .
These days we have lawsuits , job loss , and the slander of those whose livelihoods depend on their reputations .
In a new book , " Fooling Some of the People All of the Time , " David Einhorn , who runs a $ 6 billion hedge fund called Greenlight Capital , recounts his multiyear battle with Allied Capital ( ALD ) , a publicly traded private equity firm .
Einhorn thought Allied was fudging its books .
In 2002 he shorted Allied 's stock and gave a speech in which he outlined his views .
( Einhorn is still short . )
Whether Einhorn proves his case or not is a column for another day ; Allied , in a statement , calls the book " a self - serving rehash of David Einhorn 's campaign against Allied Capital for the past six years , " and says that " no independent third party has concluded that his portrayal of Allied Capital has merit . "
But the most troubling material concerns an issue that is bigger than Allied and Einhorn 's battle :
It 's the way criticisms of corporate behavior are received in the marketplace .
Many , including the SEC , appeared inclined to shoot the messenger .
( Even you , dear reader , probably do n't like to hear criticism of stocks that you own . )
The scary result , Einhorn argues , is that " the cost of open analysis and open criticism [ is ] much too high for participants . "
The losers ?
Investors .
After Einhorn gave his speech , the SEC launched an " informal inquiry " - into Greenlight .
When Einhorn testified at the SEC , the " gist of the questions , " he writes , was " When did you start manipulating Allied 's stock ? "
The SEC declined to comment .
Another incident : Shortly after Deutsche Bank ( DB ) analyst Mark Alpert put a sell rating on Allied , he says , the NYSE brought him in for questioning about his report .
Alpert left Deutsche Bank on friendly terms after that , and while he says the bank was " fully supportive " of his research , Deutsche Bank did begin to earn millions in fees underwriting Allied 's stock offerings after Alpert 's departure .
Deutsche Bank says the two developments are unrelated .
The lawyer hired by Allied - Lanny Davis , a former special counsel to Bill Clinton - said on CNBC that he had " evidence in the case of several clients " that short - sellers were spreading " false information " and " cashing out . "
Davis says that he was not referring specifically to Einhorn and that he was on TV to discuss what he says is the general issue of " short and distort . "
Einhorn also recounts how Patrick Byrne , CEO of Overstock.com ( OSTK ) , went on a " made - up rant " about Einhorn , his wife , and his business on a conference call in August 2005 .
Byrne declines to address that charge .
Around the same time , Byrne also filed a lawsuit against a hedge fund that was short Overstock 's shares and a research firm that had published critical analysis .
That tactic has since been copied by other companies .
Perhaps not surprisingly , most of the skeptics are now silent .
Funny : Back in 2005 , one of the SEC 's concerns was the " threat of litigation . "
Turns out actual litigation is acceptable .
Einhorn 's book is also timely because these days short - sellers are once again in the headlines , and not in a good way .
Lawmakers have urged the SEC to investigate whether short - sellers spread rumors to bring down Bear Stearns ( BSC , Fortune 500 ) .
It 's true that not all short - sellers operate ethically .
It 's also true that not all longs - as those who own stocks are known - operate ethically .
The larger point is that even if a blameless Bear Stearns was crippled by wicked short - sellers - ha !
- there 's a big difference between spreading rumors and publishing critical research .
Here 's the good news .
If the SEC can't or wo n't protect analysts from retribution , you can do your part .
Next time you read something critical about a stock you own , instead of lashing out at the author , try to weigh the argument on its merits .
That will make you better informed , and one day it might even make you money .
it doesnt involve stitching , but it does have pixels and sprites .
I ’ve been going back and forth over making a video game mosaic tabletop .
Maybe I will make one someday …
Great work Aaron ! via [ kotaku ]
Related Posts :
So did I .
And sure enough , it does exist .
But why here ?
If you put this question to people in Minneapolis , you hear all kinds of theories .
“ When you live in such a harsh climate , you understand the need for the common good , ” said Emmett D. Carson , the former president of the Minneapolis Foundation .
Others suggested that the area ’s corporate generosity grew out of the Scandinavian culture that took hold in this region , with its deep Lutheran roots .
Christina L. Shea , the senior vice president for external relations at General Mills , thought it had to do with enlightened self - interest .
“ How do you attract high - powered talent ? ” she asked .
A large part of the answer , she believed , had to do with building communities in which talented people wanted to live .
Steve Rothschild , a former General Mills executive who left the company to found an antipoverty group called Twin Cities Rise , said he thought that Minneapolis - St .
Paul companies have long viewed their responsibilities broadly .
“ Most Twin Cities companies have a stakeholder model , not a shareholder model , ” he said .
There is probably some truth to all of these theories .
The creator of the Five Percent Club was a man named Kenneth N. Dayton , a member of the third generation of Daytons to run the Dayton Corporation , which was then mainly a department store in Minneapolis .
( As it grew , it changed its name , first to Dayton - Hudson , and more recently , to Target . )
“ It comes from the concept of tithing , which is something he totally believed in , ” said Peter C. Hutchinson , who ran the Dayton Foundation for many years .
The company had long given away 5 percent of its profits ; Mr. Dayton ’s purpose in starting the Five Percent Club was to both institutionalize the practice and persuade others to join in .
To that end , he hired Wayne Thompson to be the company ’s  and perhaps the country ’s  first executive in charge of “ corporate affairs . ”
Mr. Thompson and Mr. Dayton became the ringleaders in rounding up other companies for the Five Percent Club , and in 1976 , they expanded it to include companies that wanted to donate 2 percent .
“ Never resist a generous impulse , ” was Mr. Thompson ’s rationale for allowing the 2 percenters to join .
The result was that philanthropy  and especially philanthropy aimed at helping Minneapolis and St. Paul  became part of the culture of Twin Cities corporate life .
Nate Garvis , the vice president for government affairs at Target , says that executives are expected to join nonprofit boards and serve in the communities .
Mr. Rothschild , the former General Mills executive , says that at many companies , including his , a portion of an executive ’s bonus was based on community involvement .
When a new chief executive came to town , other chief executives would sit him down and explain how things were done in the Twin Cities .
In 1988 when the British firm Grand Metropolitan bought Pillsbury in a $ 5 billion hostile takeover , people worried that raiders from overseas would cut back on the company ’s giving , which was at the 2 percent level .
Instead , the city ’s corporate leaders met with the Grand Met representatives , where , in Mr. King ’s words , “ they explained what our culture was . ”
Pillsbury remained in the Keystone Club .
Three years ago , UCLA law professor Richard Sander published an explosive , fact - based study of the consequences of affirmative action in American law schools in the Stanford Law Review .
Most of his findings were grim , and they caused dismay among many of the champions of affirmative action -- and indeed , among those who were not .
Easily the most startling conclusion of his research : Mr. Sander calculated that there are fewer black attorneys today than there would have been if law schools had practiced color - blind admissions ...
Earlier this week , Hilda , a Hillary supporter , emailed me the following :
From : Hilda
Subject : biased
Date : March 9 , 2008 5:14:12 AM
EDT
To : americablog you obviously love obama
i’m not going to read your blog anymore
and if obama is dem nominee i’d rather vote for mccain
I ’ve received a lot of emails and comments like this from Hillary supporters .
A recent PEW poll shows that 10 % of Democrats who support Obama would defect and vote for McCain should Hillary become the candidate .
But , a whopping 25 % of Democrats who support Hillary would defect and vote for McCain should Obama become the candidate .
Are one quarter of Hillary ’s supporters racists ?
( Latte - drinkers not looking so bad , after all , eh ? )
Have they simply bought in to Hillary ’s incessant message that Obama , the possible Democratic candidate in the fall , is much less qualified than McCain ?
It ’s probably a mixture of both .
( I was a bit surprised to read the other day that Hillary ’s staff was forwarding this particular part of the poll to reporters .
Is Hillary ’s campaign suggesting that we let racists determine who we pick as our candidate ?
That if a certain segment of our society does n’t like your race ( or gender ) then you should n’t be our nominee ?
No blacks need apply ?
No , no race - baiting here , I ’m sure it ’s just another coincidence . )
Someone in the party ( and the media ) needs to ask Hillary what her plan is to get those 25 % back should she not win the nomination .
Hillary can only tell Democratic voters so many times that McCain is more qualified to be president than Obama before her supporters ( and lots more Americans ) end up listening to her .
Or is that her plan after all ?
If Hillary can’t win , then no Democrat deserves to win ?
Russian TV showed pictures of other boats damaged in the storm
Leaking tanker
It came apart after it was smashed by 108 km /h ( 67 mph ) winds and 5 m ( 16ft ) waves in the Kerch Strait between the Azov and Black Seas .
Four other ships sank in the storm , some of them carrying dangerous cargos , and several more were in trouble .
The tanker 's 13 crew were rescued after several hours , but more than 20 were reported missing from the other ships .
Dozens of vessels have reportedly been evacuated from the busy Russian commercial port of Kavkaz because of the storm .
' Sinking to seabed '
The broken oil tanker , the Volganeft - 139 , was at anchor when its stern tore apart in Ukrainian waters on the busy waterway dividing that country and Russia , officials said .
A regional prosecutor told local media the tanker was designed in the Soviet era to transport oil on rivers and was not meant to withstand heavy storms .
Another official told the BBC that almost half of the ship 's cargo of more than 4,000 tons of fuel oil had been spilt .
Russian environmentalist Vladimir Slivyak told local media the tanker accident was a " very serious environmental disaster " .
The heavy oil was sinking to the seabed and could take years to clean up , he said .
But the oil spill is small by comparison with the Prestige disaster off Spain five years ago .
Severe habitat damage was caused to beaches in Spain , France and Portugal when a tanker leaked 64,000 tons of fuel oil in November 2002 .
Three other vessels that sank in Sunday 's storm were carrying thousands of tons of sulphur .
Meanwhile , 15 crew members were reportedly missing from a scrap metal ship that sank 300 km ( 187 miles ) further west , near Sevastopol on Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula .
Yet more ships ran aground or slipped anchor and drifted at the mercy of the storm .
A second oil tanker was being monitored closely because its hull had developed cracks .
Scientists in US have found evidence which indicates that something actually happens every month when the moon gets a lashing from Earth 's magnetic tail , NASA said .
" Earth 's magnetic tail extends well beyond the orbit of the moon and , once a month , the moon orbits through it .
This can have consequences ranging from lunar dust storms to electrostatic discharges .
During the crossing , the moon comes in contact with a gigantic plasma sheet of hot charged particles in the tail .
The lightest of the particles , electrons , pepper the moon 's surface and give the moon a negative charge .
On the nightside , electrons accumulate and surface voltages can climb to thousands of volts .
World markets plunge !
Newspapers full of down - pointing graphs and City traders with their heads in their hands .
Some of us have been here before , specifically from 1989 to 1992 , but for those who are in their 20s and unsure of what to expect , here 's a beginner 's guide to recession ...
Those weekly shopping sessions will seem like a distant memory , and the merits or otherwise of organic food will suddenly appear less pressing .
The empty shop on your high street will no longer be automatically taken over by bouffant - haired estate agents who install a latte - making machine and a 6 ft - wide TV as a matter of priority .
Instead , nothing will happen to it .
That voice on your mobile answerphone that says , " You have ... no new messages " will begin to sound rather sadistic , and your boss will suddenly seem less like David Brent , and more like the angel of death .
You wo n't know where he 'll strike next with the fatal words , " Could you just step into my office , I 'd like a quick word ... "
Pop -ups wo n't pop -up so often ; newspapers will become thinner .
The " 50 different ways to brighten up your garden this spring " by a star horticulturalist will become a small article on daffodils written by a subeditor .
Your property begins to seem less like a lifeboat and more like a millstone , and a lot of chickens come home to roost .
That mate of yours who played guitar in a band - but not very well - suddenly takes up teacher training .
On the brighter side , though , you will no longer be welcomed into people 's houses with the dreaded words , " Do you want the guided tour ? " , and if you are , you can simply ask , " And how much less is it worth now than when you bought it ? "
In a recession , it wo n't be the people who have got the latest " must - have " gadget who do all the talking .
Rather , people who know about root vegetables will come into their own ; people who know what to do with a scrag end of lamb or how to fix a broken toaster .
Triumphalism will be quelled .
Interviewers might cut Victoria Beckham off when she starts talking about the latest additions to her wardrobe , and ask instead whether she leaves the bath water in for David .
Recessions encourage imaginative business ideas , novel - reading , cinema - going , and foster music more akin to the blues than the stridency of Madonna .
The last one gave us Wagamama , loft living and Every Day is Like Sunday by Morrissey .
Fear not , kids .
You have nothing to lose but your credit cards .
Last May , Red Hat announced that , with Intel , it would soon be releasing Red Hat Global Desktop , a consumer Linux desktop for emerging markets .
But , then one delay followed another .
Now , on April 16th 2008 , Red Hat has announced that it has no plans to create a traditional desktop product for the consumer market in the foreseeable future . ”
What happened ?
Officially , in its desktop group blog , Red Hat states “ The desktop market suffers from having one dominant vendor , and some people still perceive that today ’s Linux desktops simply do n’t provide a practical alternative .
Of course , a growing number of technically savvy users and companies have discovered that today ’s Linux desktop is indeed a practical alternative .
Nevertheless , building a sustainable business around the Linux desktop is tough , and history is littered with example efforts that have either failed outright , are stalled or are run as charities . ”
Off - the - record , according to sources close to Red Hat and Intel , it ’s a different story .
First , Red Hat CTO Brian Stevens originally described RHGD ( Red Hat Global Desktop ) , as being a new kind of desktop .
Stevens said that “ the traditional desktop metaphor is dead , it ’s a dinosaur .
We do n’t believe that recreating the Windows paradigm does anything to increase the productivity paradigm of any user .
The new model has to be about the user , centered on activities and not just based on documents and applications . ”
However , RHGD , while based on the ideas of the OLPC ( One Laptop per Child ) , turned into a more traditional desktop project over time .
It was turning into a traditional fat - client desktop that would go toe - to - toe with Microsoft Vista and XP .
At the same time , the desktop market was changing .
Ironically , it was changing in the direction Stevens had described for RHGD .
Instead of more powerful computers , interest suddenly sparked in low - powered , low - priced PC and laptops like the Asus EEE , of which over 1.5 - million will be running Xandros Linux , and Everex ’s gOS - powered gPC series , which runs a modified Ubuntu that focuses on Web - based activities instead of document and applications .
In fact , Everex recently released a PC that ’s been customized for MySpace users .
In the meantime , Red Hat , which now had focused on a more traditional desktop found itself stymied by multimedia problems .
Red
Hat wanted to supply users with legal access to WMF ( Windows Media Format ) codices .
While Microsoft was willing to license these codices to Linux distributors , such as Linspire , Turbolinux and Xandros , Microsoft was only willing to make these deals if the Linux company was willing to sign off on a Microsoft patent agreement .
Red Hat was not willing to do this .
Red Hat then moved to plan B .
This was to arrange to get Fluendo , the Spanish Linux / Solaris multimedia company , reverse - engineered WMF codices .
The RHGD codices are meant to be used as plug-ins for the GStreamer Multimedia Framework .
GStreamer , in turn , is used by many Linux multimedia applications such as the Totem video player , Rhythmbox music player , and the Banshee music player .
There was a problem with this approach though .
The Fluendo codices would make RHGD more expensive than Red Hat would like .
While grappling with this problem , Red Hat CEO Matthew Szulik resigned in December for family health reasons .
This put the entire RHGD project on the back - burner .
Now , after new Red Hat CEO James M. Whitehurst has been at the helm for just over three months , a strategic decision was made to focus on Red Hat ’s main business — the server — and to give its middleware business , JBoss , a kick in the pants .
From Red
Hat ’s executive viewpoint , focusing on a side - issue like a desktop Linux simply was n’t worth the company ’s time .
A flag with a peace sign was flown in front of the White House to protest the war in Iraq .
Today marks the fifth anniversary of the invasion of Iraq .
Locally , vigils are planned at multiple locations across Boston and the state today .
— Citing a possible pattern of conduct , a judge on Monday allowed four former male employees of a restaurant executive to testify in a sexual harassment lawsuit .
Jason Hallaman sued Smithfield 's Chicken 'n Barb - B - Q founder and Chief Executive Gregory Moore three years ago , alleging he was fired as Moore 's personal assistant in 2002 after he rebuffed several advances from Moore .
The trial began last week , and testimony is expected to wrap up this week .
Lowell Kirk , John Vann , Paul Boyd and Randy Martin all testified Monday that Moore also propositioned them , made suggestive comments or physically touched them when they worked for him .
" One morning , he called on the intercom and asked me to come up to his quarters .
When I got there , he was fully nude , " said Boyd , who worked as Moore 's assistant in 2004 .
" He says , ' You know , you look really sexy .
You 're a really sexy - looking guy , ' " said Vann , who managed several Smithfield 's restaurants and was Moore 's chief of staff last year .
Kirk , who worked as Moore 's butler in 2002 , shortly before Hallaman was hired , said he was at Moore 's lake house during his third day on the job when Moore called him to his room .
" He asked me to take a seat on or to join him in bed .
I wound up sitting on the corner of the bed , " Kirk said .
" He was underneath the covers , and they were partially pulled back .
So , I could see he was not wearing any underwear . "
Martin , who worked as a groundskeeper for Moore in 2003 - 04 , said his boss commented several times on his physical appearance .
" I told him ( the comments ) were uncalled for , " he said .
" It just made me nervous as a person .
I was just trying to do my job . "
All four men said they were fired after rejecting Moore 's advances .
Martin also has a lawsuit pending against Moore .
Moore has denied , in pretrial documents , any wrongdoing in the case , although he acknowledged that he is bisexual .
Defense attorneys have said Hallaman was fired because of poor job performance and because he had signed Moore 's name to a check for auto detailing services .
' White haired women for Obama '
From the annals of user - generated content , this MoveOn Obama submission from Nashville is pretty striking .
( CNN ) -- As Sen. Barack Obama returns from his Caribbean vacation , he and his campaign pick up where they left off -- wrapped up in the controversy surrounding his former minister , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
Sen. Barack Obama resumes campaigning Wednesday following his Caribbean vacation .
The issue returned to the spotlight Tuesday when Sen. Hillary Clinton responded to a reporter 's question about what she would have done if she were a member of Wright 's church .
" I think given all we have heard and seen , he would not have been my pastor , " Clinton said at a news conference in Greensburg , Pennsylvania .
Obama on Wednesday again condemned the remarks Wright made but implied the sermons were taken out of context .
" They found five or six of the most offensive statements , and boiled it down into a half an hour sound clip or a half - minute sound clip , and just played it over and over and over again , " Obama said while campaigning in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Some of Wright 's past sermons came under scrutiny nearly two weeks ago when a news report highlighted ones that included racially charged remarks .
Clinton avoided commenting on the controversy when it first surfaced .
Watch Clinton on the Wright issue »
Obama 's camp said Clinton 's remarks were part of a " transparent effort to distract attention away from the story she made up about dodging sniper fire in Bosnia , " a reference to comments Clinton made last week .
" The truth is Barack Obama has already spoken out against his pastor 's offensive comments and addressed the issue of race in America with a deeply personal and uncommonly honest speech , " Obama campaign press secretary Bill Burton said .
" The American people deserve better than tired political games that do nothing to solve the larger challenges facing this country . "
Clinton later said she " misspoke " when describing a dangerous arrival in Bosnia in 1996 .
In a foreign policy speech last week at George Washington University , Clinton described " landing under sniper fire " and having to run across the tarmac .
But video footage of her arrival at Tuzla shows Clinton , then first lady , calmly walking from the rear ramp of a U.S. Air Force plane with her daughter , Chelsea , then 16 , at her side .
Both Clintons held their heads up and did not appear rushed .
Chelsea Clinton also got thrown into the middle of another controversy Tuesday while campaigning for her mother at Butler University in Indianapolis , Indiana .
An audience member asked her whether the Monica Lewinsky scandal had damaged her mother 's credibility .
Watch Chelsea Clinton 's response »
" Wow , you 're the first person actually that 's ever asked me that question in the , I do n't know maybe , 70 college campuses I 've now been to , and I do not think that is any of your business , " Clinton responded , appearing a bit surprised .
The 28 - year - old was expected to continue campaigning Wednesday , speaking at the University of Notre Dame before teaming up with her mother in Washington for a " March to Victory " event .
In North Carolina on Wednesday , Obama focused on the housing crisis and drew contrasts with Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee .
McCain delivered a speech about world affairs Wednesday , outlining his vision for U.S. national security policy and emphasizing strengthening alliances with democracies .
He spent the first half of the week campaigning and fundraising in California .
McCain has been able to shift his focus to the general election , while the Democrats are still duking it out for a nominee .
Neither Clinton nor Obama may get enough delegates -- 2,024 -- to clinch the nomination before the national convention in August .
Clinton is trailing Obama in delegates , 1,485 to 1,622 .
For the second time this week , Clinton hinted that even pledged delegates awarded in primaries and caucuses are up for grabs .
" Every delegate with very few exceptions is free to make up his or her mind however they choose , " she told Time 's Mark Halperin in an interview published Wednesday .
" We talk a lot about so - called pledged delegates , but every delegate is expected to exercise independent judgment . "
According to a Gallup Poll released Wednesday , 28 percent of Clinton supporters may break ranks to back McCain in November should Obama capture the Democratic nomination .
Meanwhile , 19 percent of Obama supporters say they will favor McCain should Clinton be the party 's nominee .
The poll was conducted March 7 - 22 and carries a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points .
Pennsylvania is the next battleground for the two Democrats , and the state 's demographics could play in Clinton 's favor in the April 22 primary .
" Two million residents over the age of 65 ... a very heavily unionized state ... a lot of Catholics in this state ... women in Pennsylvania vote at a higher rate than men in Pennsylvania , " said John Baer of the Philadelphia Daily News .
Clinton also has family roots in Pennsylvania .
Her father , Hugh Rodham , was the son of a factory worker from Scranton , according to the Clinton campaign .
Obama is campaigning on a message of " change , " but it might not be an issue that resonates with Pennsylvania voters , according to Bill Schneider , CNN 's senior political analyst .
More than three - quarters of the people who live in the state were born there , he noted .
" It speaks to a state where change is n't an important element in day - to - day life , " Baer said .
Pennsylvania 's a diverse state -- part Midwest , part Northeast , according to a pollster .
" The eastern part of Pennsylvania is more like New Jersey , and the western part is more like Ohio , and she won both of them , " said pollster Terry Madonna .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Alex Mooney , Bill Schneider and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
All About Hillary Clinton • John McCain • Barack Obama
BAGHDAD 
An assault by thousands of Iraqi soldiers and police officers to regain control of the southern port city of Basra stalled Wednesday as Shiite militiamen in the Mahdi Army fought daylong hit - and - run battles and refused to withdraw from the neighborhoods that form their base of power there .
American officials have presented the Iraqi Army ’s attempts to secure the port city as an example of its ability to carry out a major operation against the insurgency on its own .
A failure there would be a serious embarrassment for the Iraqi government and for the army , as well as for American forces eager to demonstrate that the Iraqi units they have trained can fight effectively on their own .
During a briefing in Baghdad on Wednesday , a British military official said that of the nearly 30,000 Iraqi security forces involved in the assault , almost 16,000 were Basra police forces , which have long been suspected of being infiltrated by the same militias the assault was intended to root out .
The operation is a significant political test for Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki , who traveled to Basra to oversee the beginning of the assault .
It is also a gamble for both the Iraqi and American governments .
The Americans distrust the renegade cleric Moktada al - Sadr and his Mahdi Army militia , who consider the Americans occupiers .
UC Irvine scientists have discovered a cluster of galaxies in a very early stage of formation that is 11.4 billion light years from Earth – the farthest of its kind ever to be detected .
These galaxies are so distant that the universe was in its infancy when their light was emitted .
The galaxy proto-cluster , named LBG - 2377 , is giving scientists an unprecedented look at galaxy formation and how the universe has evolved .
Before this discovery , the farthest known event like this was approximately 9 billion light years away .
“ When you observe objects this far away , you are actually seeing the universe as it was a very long time ago , ” said Jeff Cooke , a McCue Postdoctoral Fellow in physics and astronomy at UCI and lead author of this study .
“ It is as if a timeline is just sitting out there in front of you .
These galaxies represent what the universe looked like well before the Earth existed . ”
Using the Keck Telescope in Hawaii , Cooke detected LBG - 2377 while looking for single galaxies .
At first , it appeared to be a bright , single object .
But after analyzing the wavelengths of its light ( galaxies emit light with telltale colors ) he discovered it was three galaxies merging together , and likely two additional smaller galaxies .
Scientists use light to look back in time .
Because light takes a measurable amount of time to travel , detecting it on Earth today allows scientists to view the source as it was billions of years ago .
In the case of LBG - 2377 , scientists believe the light has been traveling for 11.4 billion years , beginning just a few billion years after the Big Bang when the universe was only 15 percent of its current age .
By comparison , the Earth was formed about 4.5 billion years ago .
The process of galaxy formation largely is a mystery .
Current theory is that large galaxies formed over time from the interaction and merging of smaller galaxies .
This process began more than 12 billion years ago , shortly after the Big Bang .
Scientists have observed galaxies merging over a large range of distances and time , providing hard evidence to reinforce the theory .
However , using current technology , it is difficult to detect this process at the most extreme distances , when galaxy formation was in its infancy .
Scientists believe galaxy clusters form in a similar manner .
As galaxies congregate and interact in large , dense regions of space , the cluster grows with time .
Witnessing this process first - hand helps scientists confirm their theory and deepen their understanding of the universe .
Galaxy clusters can be detected at extreme distances with current technology because they are bright , but they are difficult to find .
Clusters closer to Earth contain upwards of 1,000 galaxies .
Our Milky
Way galaxy belongs to a lesser grouping of galaxies called the Local Group , which contains more than 35 galaxies , but only a few bright ones .
“ We believe LBG - 2377 is a seed that eventually will grow into a massive galaxy cluster , ” said James Bullock , director of the Center for Cosmology at UCI and a study co-author .
“ Our finding suggests that this is a monster structure being born in a very bright , catastrophic event with a lot of gas and matter collapsing at once , ” Bullock said .
“ We are not just seeing one solitary galaxy .
We are seeing a bunch of bright galaxies coming together at the dawn of structure formation in the universe . ”
This research is reported in the online bulletin astro-ph .
Scientists Elizabeth Barton and Kyle Stewart of UCI , along with Arthur Wolfe of the University of California , San Diego , worked on this study .
The research was funded by a Gary McCue Postdoctoral Fellowship and the National Science Foundation .
Fortunately , some have made history by letting us know just how much sex is possible , seemingly dedicated to testing the very upper limits of human humping .
Such as ...
The most frequently asked question among Cracked readers has to be , " Is it possible I 'm having too much sex ? "
7 Chuck Negron
The lead singer of Three Dog Night took sex where it was never meant to go .
Being the lead singer of a band back in the ' 70s , it 's no surprise Negron has probably experienced things the rest of us can barely comprehend , such as a $ 2,000 - a - day drug addiction .
He took it further , however .
Much further .
So far , in fact , that his penis exploded .
No , we 're not speaking figuratively .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
While Gene Simmons can claim he 's slept with a bajillion women , based on the recently released tape of his coitus , his medicated - bear approach to love making is n't going to strain him any time soon .
Chuck Negron , on the other hand , presumably experiencing an entirely new plane of reality with the helping hand of massive amounts of cocaine , worked his crank with so many women and with such drug - fuelled ferocity that a doctor told him it had become the tumescent equivalent of a lucky pair of boxers .
Sure you want to keep using it , but the edges are frayed and the material holding it together is mostly made up of your hopes and prayers more than any real atomic bonds .
One more tumble through the wash and she 's done for .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This horror is outlined in Negron 's autobiography , the writing of which apparently means he retained his sanity after what has to be the most traumatic event possible in this universe .
But like any addict , or man with a penis for that matter , Negron could n't resist .
Unofficial sources say Chuck was working his magic on a Miss America contestant when his wand broke , so to speak .
According to one blogger 's account of his meeting with Negron , the words " a hot dog in the microwave " were used as a description .
This in turn probably means the Miss America contestant may have had to be institutionalized because there 's no way seeing a burst - open wang is something they 're trained to deal with .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So was it all worth it ?
You 'll have to ask Chuck .
Oil prices have notched up record highs almost weekly for months
Oil prices crossed $ 117 a barrel for the first time after a militant group in Nigeria said it had attacked a Royal Dutch Shell - operated pipeline .
Confirmation that production had been hit revived US sweet , light crude , which had fallen more than $ 2 to $ 112.7 a barrel earlier .
The initial fall was sparked by the dollar 's recovery against the euro - a turn - off for oil 's foreign buyers .
But supply fears and uncertainty in oil - rich Nigeria erased those declines .
New York sweet light crude closed up $ 1.83 at $ 116.96 , while London Brent finished up $ 1.49 to $ 113.92 - a new all - time high .
" The bulls still hold the cards , " said Mike Fitzpatrick at MF Global in New York .
Currency correlations Nigeria is Africa 's largest oil exporter and the eighth - largest oil - producing country in the world .
Rebel attacks since early 2006 on its oil infrastructure in the Niger Delta have disabled the country 's normal output by as much as a quarter .
Violence and political uncertainty in key oil - producing nations have helped the oil price notch up a series of records since the beginning of the year amid fears that supply will not be able to meet rampant demand from red - hot emerging economies in Asia , most notably China .
But analysts believe the primary driver of prices has been investors piling into oil and other commodities as a hedge against the weakening US dollar , which also makes resources cheaper for foreign investors .
The dollar has been tumbling since last September when the first signs that the slumping housing market threatened to wipe out profits at some of the world 's largest banks became apparent .
This prompted the US central bank , the Federal Reserve , to begin months of aggressive cuts to interest rates - a move that tends to hurt the value of a currency as investors switch to other currencies or investments to get a better return on their capital .
But a lack of nasty surprises in banking giant Citigroup 's results earlier - despite further write - downs on bad loans - and a sense that banks are starting to tackle their problems helped to lift confidence in the greenback , which gained some ground against the euro and Japanese yen .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Share on Mastodon
Update : I should point out at the beginning that I love C++.
Anything below which sounds bitter or critical is borne of a deep and growing love .
C++ is a journey into worlds of beauty and strength .
I assert that C++ is an expert language .
What do I mean ?
You should n’t be allowed to use C++ in anger unless you ’ve used it for 2 years in anger .
Aside : what should we do about this ?
In practice this means that no - one should recruit newbie C++ developers .
The only alternative is to have some kind of apprenticeship system , where all the code written by a newbie is re-written by their mentor for about 2 years .
This is a great learning experience , and could weed out people with insufficient capacity for humility to be a C++ programmer .
( Note I say capacity for humility , because the actual humility will be provided by the constant crushing of your spirit provided by someone tearing your code apart every day . )
In Java , to create an “ array ” , and add an object to it , you do this :
MyObj obj = new MyObj ( ) ; ArrayList < MyObj > arr = new ArrayList < MyObj >( ) ; arr.add ( obj ) ;
In Python , you do this :
obj = MyObj ( ) arr = [ ] arr.append ( obj )
In C , you do this :
MyStruct obj ; MyStruct arr [ 50 ] = { obj } ;
In Perl , you do this :
my $ obj = MyObj - > new ( ) ; my @arr ; push ( @arr , $obj ) ;
In Pascal , you do this :
var arr : ARRAY [ 1..50 ] of int ; begin arr [ 1 ] := 7 ; end
In Haskell , you might do something like this ( thanks to Neil Mitchell ) :
[ myObj ]
Do n’t get het up about the fact that these examples do different things : my point is , they are reasonable ways of performing the task ( add something to an array ) in the languages chosen .
( Please do send in corrections , though – none of these were checked and they are probably wrong . )
Note that the C example hides a little more complexity because you need to make sure you tidy up your memory afterwards .
Now , what do you do in C ++?
It ’s just as easy , right ?
MyObj obj ; std::vector<MyObj > arr ; arr.push_back ( obj ) ;
WRONG !
In the examples above , you do n’t need to know what is going on under the covers .
In fact , in general I suggest there are broadly two types of programming language around at the moment : those where you have to know how things work , but where how things work is quite simple ( e.g. C , assembly languages , maybe FORTRAN and COBOL ) and those which isolate you from how things work ( all the rest ? ) .
Where does C++ fit in to this scheme ?
It is in the unique position of being a language which has incredibly complex things going on under the covers , and you have to know about it !
What do I mean by saying you have to know what ’s going on under the covers ?
Let ’s look at our example again , and ask this question : what types of object can you put in the array ?
In the other programming languages above , you can essentially put any “ normal ” objects ( where normal is different for each example ) into the array .
In C++ , here are some of the rules you need to understand about objects you can put into std::vector .
You should understand these before you try using std::vector .
If you ca n’t understand them , you should think hard until you do .
Default constructor
If you want to give the size of the vector when you create it ( or resize it later ) , your object must have a default constructor [ Stroustrup § 16.3.4 ] .
( Note : if you do n’t define any other constructors , the compiler will automatically define a default constructor for you ( which may or may not do what you want ) .
If you do , the default constructor is the one that can be called without any arguments [ Stroustrup § 10.4.2 ] .
Example :
$ cat default_constructor_required.cpp # include < vector > class MyObject { public : MyObject ( int num ) { } } ; int main ( int argc , const char* argv [ ] ) { std::vector<MyObject > arr ( 5 ) ; } $ g++ default_constructor_required.cpp
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_vector.h :
In constructor ‘ std::vector < _Tp , _ Alloc >::vector ( size_t ) [ with _Tp = MyObject , _ Alloc = std::allocator < MyObject > ] ’ : default_constructor_required.cpp:12 : instantiated from here / usr / lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_vector.h:219 : error : no matching function for call to ‘ MyObject : : MyObject ( ) ’ default_constructor_required.cpp:5 : note : candidates are : MyObject::MyObject( int ) default_constructor_required.cpp:4 : note : MyObject::MyObject( const MyObject&)
Nice error message , eh ?
( Note : if your array contains a built - in type ( e.g. int ) it will be initialised to 0 in its default constructor [ Stroustrup § 4.9.5 ] .
If you do n’t want to give the size of the vector when you create it ( not recommended ) , then you do n’t need a default constructor in your object [ Stroustrup § 16.3.4 ] .
Copy constructor
Your object must also have a copy constructor .
Example :
$ cat copy_constructor_required.cpp # include < vector > class MyObject { public : MyObject ( ) { } private : MyObject ( const MyObject& ) ; } ; int main ( int argc , const char* argv [ ] ) { std::vector<MyObject > arr ( 5 ) ; } $ g++ copy_constructor_required.cpp
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_vector.h :
In constructor ‘ std::vector < _Tp , _ Alloc >::vector ( size_t ) [ with _Tp = MyObject , _ Alloc = std::allocator < MyObject > ] ’ : copy_constructor_required.cpp:15 : instantiated from here copy_constructor_required.cpp:10 : error : ‘ MyObject :: MyObject( const MyObject& ) ’ is private
/ usr / lib/ gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_vector.h:219 : error : within this context
/ usr / lib/ gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_construct.h :
In function ‘ void std:: _Construct ( _T1 * , const _ T2& ) [ with _T1 = MyObject , _ T2 = MyObject ] ’ : /usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_uninitialized.h:194 : instantiated from ‘ void std::__uninitialized_fill_n_aux(_ForwardIterator , _ Size , const _ Tp& , __false_type ) [ with _ForwardIterator = MyObject* , _ Size = unsigned int , _ Tp = MyObject ] ’
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_uninitialized.h:218 : instantiated from ‘ void std::uninitialized_fill_n(_ForwardIterator , _ Size , const _ Tp& ) [ with _ForwardIterator = MyObject* , _ Size = unsigned int , _ Tp = MyObject ] ’
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_uninitialized.h:310 : instantiated from ‘ void std::__uninitialized_fill_n_a(_ForwardIterator , _ Size , const _ Tp& , std::allocator<_Tp2 > ) [ with _ForwardIterator = MyObject* , _ Size = unsigned int , _Tp = MyObject , _Tp2 = MyObject ] ’
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_vector.h:219 : instantiated from ‘ std::vector < _Tp , _ Alloc>::vector( size_t ) [ with _Tp = MyObject , _ Alloc = std::allocator< MyObject > ] ’
copy_constructor_required.cpp:15 : instantiated from here copy_constructor_required.cpp:10 : error : ‘ MyObject :: MyObject( const MyObject& ) ’ is private
/ usr / lib/ gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_construct.h:81 : error : within this context
( Aside : this program is 181 bytes , and the error message is 1950 bytes . )
Assignment operator
You also need operator= .
Example :
$ cat assignment_operator_required.cpp # include < vector > class MyObject { private : MyObject& operator= ( const MyObject& ) ; } ; int main ( int argc , const char* argv [ ] ) { MyObject obj ; std::vector<MyObject > arr ; arr.push_back ( obj ) ; } $ g++ assignment_operator_required.cpp
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/vector.tcc :
In member function ‘ void std::vector < _Tp , _Alloc >::_M_insert_aux(__gnu_cxx::__normal_iterator < typename _Alloc:: pointer , std::vector<_Tp , _ Alloc > > , const _ Tp& ) [ with _Tp = MyObject , _ Alloc = std::allocator<MyObject > ] ’ :
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_vector.h:610 : instantiated from ‘ void std::vector<_Tp , _Alloc >::push_back ( const _ Tp& ) [ with _Tp = MyObject , _ Alloc = std::allocator<MyObject > ] ’ assignment_operator_required.cpp:13 : instantiated from here assignment_operator_required.cpp:6 : error : ‘ MyObject& MyObject::operator=( const MyObject& ) ’ is private
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/vector.tcc:260 : error : within this context
/ usr / lib/ gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_algobase.h :
In static member function ‘ static _BI2 std::__copy_backward<_BoolType , std::random_access_iterator_tag>::copy_b(_BI1 , _BI1 , _BI2 ) [ with _BI1 = MyObject* , _ BI2 = MyObject* , bool _ BoolType = false ] ’: /usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_algobase.h:443 : instantiated from ‘_BI2 std::__copy_backward_aux(_BI1 , _BI1 , _BI2 ) [ with _BI1 = MyObject* , _ BI2 = MyObject * ] ’
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_algobase.h:482 : instantiated from ‘ static _BI2 std::__copy_backward_normal<true , true >::copy_b_n(_BI1 , _BI1 , _BI2 ) [ with _BI1 = __gnu_cxx::__normal_iterator<MyObject* , std::vector<MyObject , std::allocator<MyObject > > > , _BI2 = __gnu_cxx::__normal_iterator<MyObject* , std::vector<MyObject , std::allocator<MyObject > > > ] ’
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_algobase.h:517 : instantiated from ‘_BI2 std::copy_backward(_BI1 , _BI1 , _BI2 ) [ with _BI1 = __gnu_cxx::__normal_iterator<MyObject* , std::vector<MyObject , std::allocator<MyObject > > > , _BI2 = __gnu_cxx::__normal_iterator<MyObject* , std::vector<MyObject , std::allocator<MyObject > > > ] ’
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/vector.tcc:257 : instantiated from ‘ void std::vector<_Tp , _Alloc >::_M_insert_aux(__gnu_cxx::__normal_iterator < typename _Alloc:: pointer , std::vector<_Tp , _ Alloc > > , const _ Tp& ) [ with _Tp = MyObject , _ Alloc = std::allocator< MyObject > ] ’
/usr/lib/gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_vector.h:610 : instantiated from ‘ void std::vector<_Tp , _Alloc >::push_back ( const _ Tp& ) [ with _Tp = MyObject , _ Alloc = std::allocator<MyObject > ] ’ assignment_operator_required.cpp:13 : instantiated from here assignment_operator_required.cpp:6 : error : ‘ MyObject& MyObject::operator=( const MyObject& ) ’ is private
/ usr / lib/ gcc/i486-linux-gnu/4.0.3/../../../../include/c++/4.0.3/bits/stl_algobase.h:412 : error : within this context
( Aside : program is 202 bytes , error is 2837 bytes . )
Excuses
Do n’t give me that “ the compiler will provide them for you ” excuse .
What the compiler provides is often wrong , unless you ’ve been careful to ensure you do n’t own any members by holding pointers to them : i.e. if you ’ve fully understood the problem I am setting out and avoided the pitfalls .
Conclusion
I assert that C++ is an expert language .
Quite apart from the fact that the method names on STL objects use archane phrases like “ push_back ” rather than “ add ” , and the error messages you get from popular compilers are huge and almost incomprehensible , my main point is that you have to understand the basics of how the standard library is implemented , before you can use it .
This is expert behaviour .
I have illustrated this point by showing what you need to know to use the standard resizeable array type in C ++.
You need to know a lot .
More on whether the fact that C++ is an expert language is a bad thing , later .
Update : simplified the C example thanks to Edmund ’s suggestion .
Update 2 : corrected the Java example thanks to Anon ’s comment .
Update 3 : corrected the Haskell example thanks to Neil Mitchell ’s comment .
Every two years NSF surveys and collects data on scientists and engineers , defined as people with a bachelor 's degree or higher with science , engineering or related degrees or occupations .
NSF collects data on these individuals with three separate national surveys : the National Survey of College Graduates , the National Survey of Recent College Graduates , and the Survey of Doctorate Recipients .
Collectively , these surveys are known as the Scientists and Engineers Statistical Data System , or SESTAT .
According to NSF data , the number of individuals working in science and engineering ( S&E ) occupations grew by 4.3 percent , and their unemployment rate dropped to 2.5 percent in 2006 , the lowest unemployment rate since the early 1990s .
The first report records data on the overall science and engineering workforce , specifically the number of individuals working in science and engineering occupations since 2003 .
See http://www.nsf.gov/statistics/infbrief/nsf08305/.
" The NSF data tell one side of the story - the supply side , and do not reflect information about the future or current demand for scientists and engineers , " says Nimmi Kannankutty , NSF program manager responsible for compiling the data .
" On the supply side , we can say that the current S&E labor force is expanding , new graduates are coming out , and people are able to find employment , or are continuing their education . "
Overall unemployment for scientists and engineers in the United States dropped to 2.5 percent in 2006 .
" The drop was consistent across all degree levels and almost all science and engineering occupations , " notes Kannankutty .
Unemployment rates for the entire U.S. labor force in 2003 and 2006 were 6 percent and 4.7 percent respectively as compared with the 3.2 percent and 2.5 percent posted for scientists and engineers , maintaining the historical norm of lower unemployment rates than for the overall labor market .
These statistics reflect the labor market as of 2006 , so are not representative of the current status of the S&E workforce .
A separate NSF report on new graduates also shows potential for a new influx of S&E workers .
In 2006 , there were 1.9 million new science , engineering and health graduates with degrees earned in academic years 2003 to 2005 in the United States .
See http://www.nsf.gov/statistics/infbrief/nsf08304/.
Nearly all of these new graduates either entered the workforce or moved on to higher education .
Women made up more than 50 percent of these new science , engineering and health graduates , but this varied by specific field .
The third NSF report on U.S. doctorates shows that 45 percent of those who have earned a doctoral degree in a science , engineering or health field from a U.S. university held a postdoctoral position at sometime in their careers .
See http://www.nsf.gov/statistics/infbrief/nsf08307/.
Postdoctoral positions are typically short - term temporary appointments for the purpose of additional education and training in research .
NSF statistics show that the median length of postdoctoral positions has stayed at about 2 years , continuing a 30 - year trend .
" The academic sector remains the place where most postdocs are employed , " says Kannankutty .
" After completing the postdoc , many of these individuals continue their careers in the business / industry or government sectors . "
More recent doctoral graduates report a higher rate of having held a postdoctoral position than those who graduated earlier .
" The main purpose of these three reports is to announce the availability of new data on the U.S. science and engineering workforce , " says Kannankutty .
" The data show there was a strong labor market for scientists and engineers in 2006 . "
NSF will field the next round of the SESTAT surveys of scientists and engineers in fall 2008 .
Fealty
by Richard Girard
" God ... has formed us moral agents ... that we may promote the happiness of those with whom
He has placed us in society , by acting honestly towards all , benevolently to those who fall within our way , respecting sacredly their rights , bodily and mental , and cherishing especially their freedom of conscience , as we value our own . "
— Thomas Jefferson ( 1743-1826 ) to Miles King , 1814 .
Writings of Thomas Jefferson , Memorial Edition ; volume 14 , page 197 ( 1908 ) .
" Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar 's ; and unto God the things that are God's . "
Gospel of Matthew 22:21 , King James Bible .
" Reason is our soul ’s left hand , Faith her right , By these we reach divinity . "
John Donne ( c. 1572 –1631 ) , English divine , metaphysical poet .
Verse Letter to the Countess of Bedford ( c. 1607 –8 ) .
“ It is as absurd to argue men , as to torture them , into believing . ” Cardinal John Newman ( 1801–90 ) , English churchman , theologian .
Sermon , 11 Dec. 1831 , Oxford , England .
This is an open letter to the former Governor of the State of Arkansas , Mike Huckabee .
Governor , where do your primary loyalties lie : with the United States Constitution or your Southern Baptist version of the Christian religion ?
If your answer is the latter — and certainly your recent comments in Michigan about changing the Constitution so it fits your interpretation of God 's Law indicates this is the case — then you should withdraw from the Presidential race immediately .
You will note that I did not ask you to choose between God and the Constitution .
God is far above and beyond your religious denomination ( or mine ) , or any other human belief system .
If God exists , and like you , I believe the Deity , in whatever form , does ; God — Infinite and Eternal — can be described by we corporeal mortals poorly at best , through use of analogy and our very limited human language .
And too often , our limited ability to express our individual experience of the Deity , forces us — in our hubris — to attempt to limit God when trying to describe our experience .
So by what right , upon whose authority , do you seek to impose your beliefs , and your notion of righteousness and moral judgement upon your fellow citizens ?
All religions , Christian or otherwise , with their dogmas , doctrines , interpretations , and theology are the creations of humanity , not of the Deity .
Claims of moral or theological supremacy by one religious organization or another is , in practical and rational terms , a matter of that religion 's leaders seeking moral and political power over other human beings .
Epistemologically , it is not within the sphere of our human ability to reason to actually know ( not believe , but know ) which is God 's true , or even preferred , faith or faiths .
A declaration of this nature presupposes knowledge of the Infinite Mind of God by the very finite mind of man .
To profess such beliefs as knowledge , rather than belief , is the height of arrogant presumption by any human being .
By what conceit does anyone say the Roman Catholic faith is preferred by God to that of the Southern Baptists ; the Methodist creed is preferred to that of the Russian Orthodox Church ; that Judaism is preferred to any of the Calvinist denominations ; or the precepts of the United Church of Christ are preferred by God to Buddhism ?
Rationally , no human can , in good conscience , make an indisputable claim for any such belief , let alone describe it as knowledge .
Governor , to try to force such a belief upon your fellow American citizens , by amending our Constitution , is a proposition I find morally reprehensible .
Governor , I am certain you ( and those who share your wrongheaded beliefs ) will try to use the Holy Bible to support your position , citing both its inerrancy and the “ fact ” that it is the literal “ Word of God . ”
Might I inquire which version of the Bible you claim this transcendent position for ?
The Torah , the Old Testament as a whole , the Catholic ( or Douay ) Bible , or one of the Protestant Bibles ?
If any of these , which translation : the King James or Revised Standard in English , Luther 's in German , the Vulgate in Latin , the original Greek of the New Testament and Hebrew of the Old ?
And how may we make an informed , unbiased choice in this matter that is independent of the Bible , and a particular denomination 's theology ?
In the translation and transmission of whichever Bible you may choose , through so many generations ; how can you be sure no error was made in its translation or transmission , either by accident or intent ?
I am reminded that Cinderella 's slippers went from being fur ( fourrure ) to glass ( verriere ) , when the fairy tale was translated from spoken French into written English .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Alarmed at the increasingly populist tone of the 2008 political campaign , the president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is set to issue a fiery promise to spend millions of dollars to defeat candidates deemed to be anti-business .
“ We plan to build a grass - roots business organization so strong that when it bites you in the butt , you bleed , ” chamber President Tom Donohue said .
The warning from the nation ’s largest trade association came against a background of mounting popular concern over the condition of the economy .
A weak record of job creation , the sub - prime mortgage crisis , declining home values and other problems have all helped make the economy a major campaign issue .
Presidential candidates in particular have responded to the public concern .
Former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina has been the bluntest populist voice , but other front - running Democrats , including Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York and Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois , have also called for change on behalf of middle - class voters .
On the Republican side , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee -- emerging as an unexpected front - runner after winning the Iowa caucuses -- has used populist themes in his effort to woo independent voters , blasting bonus pay for corporate chief executives and the effect of unfettered globalization on workers .
Reacting to what it sees as a potentially hostile political climate , Donohue said , the chamber will seek to punish candidates who target business interests with their rhetoric or policy proposals , including congressional and state - level candidates .
Although Donohue shied away from precise figures , he indicated that his organization would spend in excess of the approximately $ 60 million it spent in the last presidential cycle .
That approaches the spending levels planned by the largest labor unions .
The chamber president is scheduled to announce the broad outlines of the organization ’s plans for the 2008 election and beyond at a news conference here today .
Donohue also plans to fire a rhetorical warning shot across the bow of candidates considered unfriendly to business .
“ I ’m concerned about anti-corporate and populist rhetoric from candidates for the presidency , members of Congress and the media , ” he said .
“ It suggests to us that we have to demonstrate who it is in this society that creates jobs , wealth and benefits -- and who it is that eats them . ”
In advance of today ’s news conference , Donohue told The Times of his plans to be active in 140 congressional districts this year , as well as the presidential contest .
At the state level , Donohue said his organization would be active in nearly four dozen contests for attorney general and state supreme courts .
Both state courts and attorneys general are involved in decisions affecting business , including consumer protection and a wide range of litigation .
The chamber has become a significant force in state and national politics under Donohue ’s decade of leadership .
Once a notably bipartisan trade association with a limited budget and limited influence , it has hugely increased its political fundraising and developed new ways to spend money on behalf of pro-business candidates .
Under Donohue , the organization has also frequently aligned itself with GOP priorities .
Since he took over the chamber , contributions by businesses have soared , often to pay for political advertising known as “ issue ads , ” which are exempt from many of the Federal Election Commission limits .
Under a system Donohue pioneered , corporations contribute money to the chamber , which then finances attack ads targeting individual candidates without revealing the name of the businesses involved in the ads .
In 2000 , drug companies paid the chamber to run advertisements in Michigan to help elect then - Republican Sen. Spencer Abraham .
Pharmaceutical companies that year gave the chamber additional millions to run issue ads attacking mostly Democratic House candidates .
And large corporations paid $ 1 million or more to support advertising campaigns against judges deemed too friendly to plaintiffs .
There has been pressure from lawsuits and government activist groups to require the chamber to reveal the source of its political funds and more details on its spending .
Donohue is not inclined to do so .
“ I will disclose any funds I am legally required to disclose -- and not disclose any others , ” Donohue said .
“ We are exercising our constitutional right to petition the government and we will continue to do so . ”
In 2004 , the chamber also helped defeat Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle , flooding his home state of South Dakota with money , ads and more than 50 on - the - ground organizers .
This year that kind of ground tactic is going to be more prevalent , Donohue said , noting that the chamber plans to make use of its ability to communicate freely with its 3 million member companies located in every congressional district .
In the interview Monday , Donohue said he was unhappy with anti-corporate rhetoric coming from candidates in both parties and he wanted candidates to know about the chamber ’s ambitious plans .
Donohue is not likely to name names at his news conference , but there is no doubt he is unhappy about Huckabee .
The concerns Donohue expresses reveal apprehension that Republican pro-business candidates may lose favor with voters and that the GOP ’s important but fragile alliance between economic and social conservatives is showing signs of strain .
Even more than Republicans , Democratic candidates have boosted the volume of populist messages as the economy softens .
Edwards , whose trial lawyer past has been openly criticized by Donohue for years , launched new advertisements that warn against the danger of replacing “ corporate Republicans with corporate Democrats . ”
The middle class , Edwards says in the new ad , is “ losing ground while CEOs pocket million - dollar bonuses and corporate lobbyists get their way in Washington . ”
Donohue , in effect the nation ’s leading business advocate , kicked back hard at some of the leading Democratic proposals on taxes , labor law and the courts .
If that agenda succeeds , he said , Democrats “ will be gone from power for at least 40 years , ” though he acknowledged that the political rhetoric might moderate after the primary season .
“ People on the other side have been very strong in the way they play in legislation and elections .
We intend to do the same , ” he said .
tom.hamburger@latimes.com
Home > Police Enforcement > Parking Tickets > New Hampshire : Grandmother Arrested , Dog Impounded Over Old Parking Tickets
Whether Bin Laden is dead or alive , it is clear that the U.S. is using him as a prop for propaganda purposes .
Alive ?
If Bin Laden is alive , the U.S. has missed numerous slam - dunk opportunities to capture or kill him .
Do n't believe me ?
Read this :
· A retired Colonel and Fox News military analyst said :
let
Dead ?
The pictures all come from the archive of Stockholm television and was taken in the period from 1900 and 1967 , photos are not photoshopped .
Photographers are usually present in such numbers at musical occasions that it is impossible to get any exciting pictures of the performers themselves .
36 Years old Austrian born Freddy Harrison presented himself to photographers at London ’s Windmill Theatre in 1952 with a somersault at the piano , he come from an old performing family and his act combined acrobatics and music .
Rolando the master of balance , Paris 1965
On August 1955 Julia and Darvas , the new dance sensation at the London palladium , introduced themselves to the public
The organizers improvised a cooling shower for the exhausted athletes , during an heat wave in the spring of 1934
During the theatrical and sport field day on 28 June 1928 in New York City , Nick Lange Jr performed feasts of athletic prowess for charitable purposes .
Actor Richard Talmadge had already paid for his passion for daring leaps with a few broken vertebrae in his neck and a sprained back .
This stunt in 1926 was an attempt to clear 17 feet 6 inches ( 5.5 meters )
With this stunt Eddie Nugent was clearly making an impression on the two beauties , Raquel Torres ( left ) and Anita Page .
In spite of his remarkable action , the trio did not achieve a place in the film history .
This Christmas fiasco happened on 10 December 1949 in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
Thousands of children were waiting for Santa Claus to drift down from the sky , but instead the parachutist got tangled up in some overhead cables .
When not thus engaged , Robert Niles earned a living by jumping off bridges .
When Isaac Newton formulated the laws of gravity in 1966 , he could have had no inkling of the variety of means that would be used by the world ’s fairground operators to try and make a profit by apparently proving him wrong – as the example here in London in May 1951
Open days at Berlin Tempelhof Aerodrome in 1930 ’s included a demonstration of ‘ acrobatics in the air ’
We have a few pretty good guitarists and musicians that frequent the List Universe , so I am expecting this list to garner a lot of interest – and maybe even some criticism .
Here is a list of the ten best guitarists you probably do n’t know .
10 Michael Lee Firkins
Michael is a shredder with soul .
He was one of Mike Varney ’s group of technique - obsessed monsters at Shrapnel Records .
He has this really cool country - blues thing going on as well .
Here he is live doing “ Runaway Train ” .
9 Emily Remler
Emily Remler is known in Jazz circles , and was actually a friend is my old jazz teacher here in Kansas City .
Her thing was straight tradition Wes - influenced jazz and she was great at it .
Unfortunately , she died of an overdose far too young at the age of 32 .
This is from one of her instructional videos , John Coletrane ’s “ Afro Blue ” .
8 Dave Hole
Dave is from Perth , Australia .
His first record that I was aware of was “ Ticket To Chicago ” recorded live in Chicago .
He plays slide in the unusual over - the - neck way that Danny Gatton used to .
He demonstrates it brilliantly here on “ I ’m A King Bee ” .
7 Rory Block
Rory is a great blues guitarist .
All that I know about her is from having seen her picture along with Artie Traum in one of Stefan Grossman ’s instructional books .
The pics were from the 60/70s , so she has been around awhile , and is very respected in blues circles .
Here is a kickass version of “ Crossroads Blues ” by Robert Johnson .
6 Oz Noy
Oz is a guitarist from Israel , now living in New York .
He is a very well - established studio player who has worked with , among others , Anton Fig & Will Lee from David Letterman ’s show band .
I think he has a really original sound .
Here he is with Adam Nussbaum & Bann playing “ Way Out Willy ” .
5 Scotty Anderson
Scotty is one of those players that makes your jaw drop .
If you have been looking for the logical heir to Chet Atkins , here he is .
In this clip you hear him playing a jazz standard , “ Caravan ” .
4 Jennifer Batten
Jennifer was an instructor at Guitar Institute of Technology on L.A. , then went on to play in Michael Jackson ’s touring band for a hot minute .
She is one of the best - ever exponents of the 2 - hand tapping style .
Here ’s an impossible - sounding “ Fight Of The Bumblebee ” .
3 Reverend Gary Davis
Here is the all - time king of ragtime guitar .
The Rev. Gary played on the streets of New York for decades , then was noted instructor Stefan Grossman ’s teacher in the 60s .
Stefan used to go to Gary ’s house for lessons .
The tune he ’s playing here is “ Slow Drag / Cincinnati Flow Rag ” .
2 Shawn Lane
Hailed by many as the world ’s fastest guitar player , Shawn was a working musician from his early teens with Black Oak Arkansas , followed by many years in obscurity playing in local Memphis bands to feed his family , then to his most successful gig with Jonas Hellborg .
Shawn was exploring traditional indian music shortly before he died of a lung ailment at around age 40 .
Here is his “ savitri ” which must have been recorded shortly before his death .
It is really weird and cool .
1 Allan Holdsworth !
That ’s right , the greatest electric guitar player of all time .
There has never been a player who combines great technique with artistic integrity and commitment to vision the way Allen does .
I think that history will definitely give him the crown of All Time Greatest .
The tune he is playing here with his band is “ Three Sheets To The Wind ” .
Contributor : Moe Shinola
C++ Source
A Brief Introduction to Rvalue References
by Howard E. Hinnant , Bjarne Stroustrup , and Bronek Kozicki
March 10 , 2008
Advertisement
Summary Rvalue references is a small technical extension to the C++ language .
Rvalue references allow programmers to avoid logically unnecessary copying and to provide perfect forwarding functions .
They are primarily meant to aid in the design of higher performance and more robust libraries .
Rvalue references is a small technical extension to the C++ language .
Rvalue references allow programmers to avoid logically unnecessary copying and to provide perfect forwarding functions .
They are primarily meant to aid in the design of higher performance and more robust libraries .
Introduction
This document gives a quick tour of the new C++ language feature rvalue reference .
It is a brief tutorial , rather than a complete reference .
For details , see these references .
The rvalue reference
An rvalue reference is a compound type very similar to C++'s traditional reference .
To better distinguish these two types , we refer to a traditional C++ reference as an lvalue reference .
When the term reference is used , it refers to both kinds of reference : lvalue reference and rvalue reference .
An lvalue reference is formed by placing an & after some type .
A a ; A& a_ref1 = a ; // an lvalue reference
An rvalue reference is formed by placing an && after some type .
A a ; A&& a_ref2 = a ; // an rvalue reference
An rvalue reference behaves just like an lvalue reference except that it can bind to a temporary ( an rvalue ) , whereas you can not bind a ( non const ) lvalue reference to an rvalue .
A& a_ref3 = A ( ) ; // Error ! A&& a_ref4 = A( ) ; // Ok
Question :
Why on Earth would we want to do this ?!
It turns out that the combination of rvalue references and lvalue references is just what is needed to easily code move semantics .
The rvalue reference can also be used to achieve perfect forwarding , a heretofore unsolved problem in C ++.
From a casual programmer 's perspective , what we get from rvalue references is more general and better performing libraries .
Move Semantics
Eliminating spurious copies
Copying can be expensive .
For example , for std::vectors , v2=v1 typically involves a function call , a memory allocation , and a loop .
This is of course acceptable where we actually need two copies of a vector , but in many cases , we do n't :
We often copy a vector from one place to another , just to proceed to overwrite the old copy .
Consider :
template < class T> swap ( T& a , T& b ) { T tmp(a ) ; // now we have two copies of a a = b ; // now we have two copies of b b = tmp ; // now we have two copies of tmp ( aka a ) }
But , we did n't want to have any copies of a or b , we just wanted to swap them .
Let 's try again :
template < class T> swap ( T& a , T& b ) { T tmp( std ::move(a ) ) ; a = std::move(b ) ; b = std::move(tmp ) ; }
This move ( ) gives its target the value of its argument , but is not obliged to preserve the value of its source .
So , for a vector , move ( ) could reasonably be expected to leave its argument as a zero - capacity vector to avoid having to copy all the elements .
In other words , move is a potentially destructive read .
In this particular case , we could have optimized swap by a specialization .
However , we can't specialize every function that copies a large object just before it deletes or overwrites it .
That would be unmanageable .
The first task of rvalue references is to allow us to implement move ( ) without verbosity , or runtime overhead .
move
The move function really does very little work .
All move does is accept either an lvalue or rvalue argument , and return it as an rvalue without triggering a copy construction :
template < class T> typename remove_reference <T>:: type&& move( T&& a ) { return a ; }
It is now up to client code to overload key functions on whether their argument is an lvalue or rvalue ( e.g. copy constructor and assignment operator ) .
When the argument is an lvalue , the argument must be copied from .
When it is an rvalue , it can safely be moved from .
Overloading on lvalue / rvalue
Consider a simple handle class that owns a resource and also provides copy semantics ( copy constructor and assignment ) .
For example a clone_ptr might own a pointer , and call clone ( ) on it for copying purposes :
template < class T > class clone_ptr { private : T* ptr ; public : // construction explicit clone_ptr( T* p = 0 ) : ptr( p ) {} // destruction ~ clone_ptr ( ) { delete ptr;} // copy semantics clone_ptr ( const clone_ptr& p ) : ptr( p.ptr ? p.ptr->clone( ) : 0 ) {} clone_ptr& operator= ( const clone_ptr& p ) { if ( this != &p ) { delete ptr ; ptr = p.ptr ? p.ptr->clone( ) : 0 ; } return * this ; } // move semantics clone_ptr( clone_ptr&& p ) : ptr( p.ptr ) { p.ptr = 0;} clone_ptr& operator=( clone_ptr&& p ) { std:: swap(ptr , p.ptr ) ; return * this ; } // Other operations T& operator *( ) const {return * ptr ; } // ... } ;
Except for the highlighted move semantics section above , clone_ptr is code that you might find in today 's books on C ++.
Clients of clone_ptr might use it like so :
clone_ptr
p1( new derived ) ; // ... clone_ptr
p2 = p1 ; // p2 and p1 each own their own pointer
Note that copy constructing or assigning a clone_ptr is a relatively expensive operation .
However when the source of the copy is known to be an rvalue , one can avoid the potentially expensive clone ( ) operation by pilfering the rvalue 's pointer ( no one will notice ! ) .
The move constructor above does exactly that , leaving the rvalue in a default constructed state .
The move assignment operator simply swaps state with the rvalue .
Now when code tries to copy an rvalue clone_ptr , or if that code explicitly gives permission to consider the source of the copy an rvalue ( using std : : move ) , the operation will execute much faster .
clone_ptr
p1( new derived ) ; // ... clone_ptr
p2 = std::move( p1 ) ; // p2 now owns the pointer instead of p1
For classes made up of other classes ( via either containment or inheritance ) , the move constructor and move assignment can easily be coded using the std :: move function :
class Derived : public
Base { std::vector<int > vec ; std :: string name ; // ... public : // ... // move semantics Derived ( Derived&& x ) // rvalues bind here : Base ( std ::move(x ) ) , vec( std::move(x.vec ) ) , name ( std::move ( x.name ) ) { } Derived& operator= ( Derived&& x ) // rvalues bind here { Base : :operator= ( std::move(x ) ) ; vec = std::move(x.vec ) ; name = std::move( x.name ) ; return * this ; } // ... } ;
Each subobject will now be treated as an rvalue when binding to the subobject 's constructors and assignment operators .
std::vector and std:: string have move operations coded ( just like our eariler clone_ptr example ) which will completely avoid the tremendously more expensive copy operations .
Note above that the argument x is treated as an lvalue internal to the move functions , even though it is declared as an rvalue reference parameter .
That 's why it is necessary to say move( x ) instead of just x when passing down to the base class .
This is a key safety feature of move semantics designed to prevent accidently moving twice from some named variable .
All moves occur only from rvalues , or with an explicit cast to rvalue such as using std :: move .
If you have a name for the variable , it is an lvalue .
Question :
What about types that do n't own resources ?
( E.g. std::complex ?)
No work needs to be done in that case .
The copy constructor is already optimal when copying from rvalues .
Movable but Non-Copyable Types
Some types are not amenable to copy semantics but can still be made movable .
For example :
fstream
unique_ptr ( non-shared , non-copyable ownership )
( non - shared , non-copyable ownership ) A type representing a thread of execution
By making such types movable ( though still non-copyable ) their utility is tremendously increased .
Movable but non-copyable types can be returned by value from factory functions :
ifstream find_and_open_data_file(/* ... */) ; ... ifstream data_file = find_and_open_data_file (/* ... */) ; //
No copies !
In the above example , the underlying file handle is passed from object to object , as long as the source ifstream is an rvalue .
At all times , there is still only one underlying file handle , and only one ifstream owns it at a time .
Movable but non-copyable types can also safely be put into standard containers .
If the container needs to " copy " an element internally ( e.g. vector reallocation ) it will move the element instead of copying it .
vector < unique_ptr< base >>
v1 , v2 ; v1.push_back(unique_ptr
( new derived ( ) ) ) ; // ok , moving , not copying ... v2 = v1 ; // Compile time error .
This is not a copyable type . v2 = move ( v1 ) ; //
Move ok .
Ownership of pointers transferred to v2 .
Many standard algorithms benefit from moving elements of the sequence as opposed to copying them .
This not only provides better performance ( like the improved std : : swap implementation described above ) , but also allows these algorithms to operate on movable but non-copyable types .
For example the following code sorts a vector < unique_ptr < T >> based on comparing the pointed - to types :
struct indirect_less { template < class T > bool operator ( ) ( const T& x , const T& y ) {return *x < *y;} } ; ... std::vector<std::unique_ptr<A >> v ; ... std::sort(v.begin( ) , v.end( ) , indirect_less ( ) ) ;
As sort moves the unique_ptr 's around , it will use swap ( which no longer requires Copyability ) or move construction / move assignment .
Thus during the entire algorithm , the invariant that each item is owned and referenced by one and only one smart pointer is maintained .
If the algorithm were to attempt a copy ( say , by programming mistake ) a compile time error would result .
Perfect Forwarding
Consider writing a generic factory function that returns a std:: shared_ptr for a newly constructed generic type .
Factory functions such as this are valuable for encapsulating and localizing the allocation of resources .
Obviously , the factory function must accept exactly the same sets of arguments as the constructors of the type of objects constructed .
Today this might be coded as :
template < class T > std::shared_ptr<T> factory ( ) // no argument version { return std::shared_ptr<T>( new T ) ; } template < class T , class A1 > std::shared_ptr<T> factory ( const A1& a 1 ) // one argument version { return std::shared_ptr<T>( new T( a1 ) ) ; } // all the other versions
In the interest of brevity , we will focus on just the one - parameter version .
For example :
std::shared_ptr<A> p = factory < A >( 5 ) ;
Question :
What if T 's constructor takes a parameter by non-const reference ?
In that case , we get a compile - time error as the const - qualifed argument of the factory function will not bind to the non-const parameter of T's constructor .
To solve that problem , we could use non-const parameters in our factory functions :
template < class T , class A1 > std::shared_ptr<T> factory ( A1& a 1 ) { return std::shared_ptr<T>( new T( a1 ) ) ; }
This is much better .
If a const - qualified type is passed to the factory , the const will be deduced into the template parameter ( A1 for example ) and then properly forwarded to T's constructor .
Similarly , if a non-const argument is given to factory , it will be correctly forwarded to T 's constructor as a non-const .
Indeed , this is precisely how forwarding applications are coded today ( e.g. std: : bind ) .
However , consider :
std::shared_ptr<A> p = factory < A>( 5 ) ; // error A* q = new A ( 5 ) ; // ok
This example worked with our first version of factory , but now it 's broken :
The " 5 " causes the factory template argument to be deduced as int& and subsequently will not bind to the rvalue " 5 " .
Neither solution so far is right .
Each breaks reasonable and common code .
Question :
What about overloading on every combination of AI& and const AI& ?
This would allow us to handle all examples , but at a cost of an exponential explosion :
For our two - parameter case , this would require 4 overloads .
For a three - parameter factory we would need 8 additional overloads .
For a four - parameter factory we would need 16 , and so on .
This is not a scalable solution .
Rvalue references offer a simple , scalable solution to this problem :
template < class T , class A1 > std::shared_ptr<T> factory ( A1&& a 1 ) { return std::shared_ptr<T>( new T( std :: forward <A1 >( a1 ) ) ) ; }
Now rvalue arguments can bind to the factory parameters .
If the argument is const , that fact gets deduced into the factory template parameter type .
Question :
What is that forward function in our solution ?
Like move , forward is a simple standard library function used to express our intent directly and explicitly , rather than through potentially cryptic uses of references .
We want to forward the argument a 1 , so we simply say so .
Here , forward preserves the lvalue / rvalue - ness of the argument that was passed to factory .
If an rvalue is passed to factory , then an rvalue will be passed to T 's constructor with the help of the forward function .
Similarly , if an lvalue is passed to factory , it is forwarded to T 's constructor as an lvalue .
The definition of forward looks like this :
template < class T > struct identity { typedef T type ; } ; template < class T >
T&& forward ( typename identity < T > :: type&& a ) { return a ; }
References
As one of the main goals of this paper is brevity , there are details missing from the above description .
But the above content represents 95 % of the knowledge with a fraction of the reading .
This proposal was initially put forth in the following paper .
The present article is substantially a reprint of the original proposal :
Hinnant , Howard , E. , Bjarne Stroustrap , and Bronek Kozicki .
A Brief Introduction to Rvalue References
http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg21/docs/papers/2006/n2027.html
For further details on the motivation of move semantics , such as performance tests , details of movable but non-copyable types , and many other details please see N1377 .
For a very thorough treatment of the forwarding problem , please see N1385 .
For further applications of the rvalue reference ( besides move semantics and perfect forwarding ) , please see N1690 .
For proposed wording for the language changes required to standardize the rvalue reference , please see N1952 .
For a summary of the impact the rvalue reference will have on the standard library , please see N1771 .
For proposed wording for the library changes required to take advantage of the rvalue reference , please see :
For a proposal to extend the rvalue reference to the implicit object parameter ( this ) , please see N1821 .
Share your opinion
Have an opinion about Rvalue references ?
About the Authors
Discuss this article in the Articles Forum topic , A Brief Introduction to Rvalue References
Howard Hinnant is the lead author of the rvalue reference proposals for the next C++ standard .
He implemented and maintained the standard C++ library for Metrowerks / Motorola / Freescale from the late 90's to 2005 .
He is currently a senior software engineer at Apple and serving on the C++ standards committee as Library Working Group chairman .
Bjarne Stroustrup is the designer and original implementor of the C++ Programming Language .
He is currently the College of Engineering Endowed Chair in Computer Science at Texas A&M University .
He formerly worked as the head of AT&T Lab's Large - scale Programming Research department , from its creation until late 2002 .
Bronek Kozicki is an experienced C++ programmer .
He is a member of BSI C++ panel and author of " extending move semantics to * this " proposal ( N1821 , evolved to N2439 ) .
Bronek currently works for a leading investment bank in London .
The Clinton campaign says Senator Hillary Clinton may have “ misspoke ” recently when she said she had to evade sniper fire when she was visiting Bosnia in 1996 as first lady .
She has been using the episode as an example of her foreign policy bona fides .
“ I certainly do remember that trip to Bosnia , ” she said last week .
“ There was a saying around the White House that if a place was too small , too poor , or too dangerous , the president could n’t go , so send the First Lady .
“ I remember landing under sniper fire .
There was supposed to be some kind of a greeting ceremony at the airport , but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our base . ”
But her account has been challenged , first by Sinbad , the comedian , who traveled with her , and then by news organizations , most notably the Washington Post , which awarded her four “ Pinnochios ” which it gives for major “ whoppers . ”
A number of videos have been posted to YouTube juxtaposing a CBS news report with Mrs. Clinton ’s statements last week :
And here is another report from that trip :
Asked today to square her recent descriptions with these accounts , Howard Wolfson , her spokesman , referred to several contemporaneous news accounts that described the region as hostile .
He then added : “ It is possible in the most recent instance in which she discussed this that she misspoke in regard to the exit from the plane , but there is no question if you look at contemporaneous accounts that she was going to a potential combat zone , that she was on the front lines . ”
Asked at a later point in the call to clarify his comment , Mr. Wolfson said that news accounts at the time made clear that the area in which she was landing was “ a potential combat zone and was hazardous . ”
He said that in her memoir , “ Living History , ” she wrote about sniper fire in the hills and “ clearly meant to say that ” when she brought it up last week .
He said she had described the event many times the same way and that “ in one instance she said it slightly differently . ”
A third reporter then asked about it , prompting Mr. Howard to read the relevant passage from her book , in which she wrote : “ Due to reports of snipers in the hills around the airstrip , we were forced to cut short an event on the tarmac with local children . ”
He repeated that this was the one time in which she misspoke .
But this formulation was at least the second time in recent weeks that she described the sniper fire .
She mentioned it on Feb. 29 in Waco , Tex. , when she was rolling out her “ red phone ” commercial , recalling the trip to Bosnia and saying that the welcoming ceremony “ had to be moved inside because of sniper fire . ”
Update | 5:45 p.m. : Helene Cooper , The Times ’s diplomatic correspondent , reports the following :
I spoke with William Nash , who was the commander of U.S. troops in Bosnia and was at the Tuzla airport with Hillary Clinton .
He said there was no threat of sniper fire at the airport during her visit .
He said that Mrs. Clinton was gracious during her visit and took pictures with the soldiers , but “ she never had her head down .
There was no sniper threat that I know of . ”
More : Clinton Says She ‘ Misspoke ’ About Dodging Sniper Fire
AMMAN , March 2 ( Reuters ) - Crying for revenge with suicide attacks , thousands of Jordanians marched in the capital of the pro-U.S. kingdom on Sunday to protest against Israel 's Gaza offensive that had killed more than 100 Palestinians .
About 10,000 protesters , mainly from Jordan 's mainstream Muslim Brotherhood and smaller opposition groups , took to the streets in one of the country 's most vocal and largest anti-Israeli demonstrations in recent years .
" O Hamas , O Hamas , bring the suicide bombers ... Victory to Hamas and defeat to the Jews and Americans , " chanted the crowds , who called on the Islamist militant group to resume suicide attacks and intensify rocket strikes against Israel .
Israel 's deadliest and deepest incursion into the Gaza Strip since pulling out in 2005 provoked angry reactions among Jordanians , many of whom are of Palestinian origin .
A 21 - month - old girl , two other civilians and three militants were killed in the latest fighting in the Gaza Strip on Sunday , raising the Palestinian death toll in five days of bloodshed to more than 100 , including about 60 civilians , medics said .
Israel said it was acting in self - defence to curb cross - border rocket attacks by militants in the Hamas - controlled Gaza Strip and threatened to intensify its ground and air campaign despite allegations it was using excessive force .
Defying government curbs on street marches , thousands have taken to the streets inside many of Jordan 's squalid camps and poor districts of the capital under the watchful eyes of the authorities to show solidarity with their brethren .
Jordanian officials have been alarmed by Israel 's military offensive and worry it could derail U.S. backed peace moves between Israel and the Palestinian Authority .
They fear it broadens the popularity of the Islamist movement among a majority of poor Jordanians , many of them living in refugee camps and disenchanted with the U.S. - led Middle East peace process .
The demonstrators lambasted Arab rulers , accusing them of complicity with Israel and standing idly by as ordinary Gazans are killed .
" Shame on you , Shame on you rulers .
You have betrayed your people ...
Open the borders and let us fight the Jews , " youths chanted .
( Reporting by Suleiman al - Khalidi ; Editing by Sami Aboudi )
Barack Obama has been warned that his refusal to pay the traditional " street money " to local operatives to help get the vote out in Philadelphia today could cost him the crucial percentage points needed to knock Hillary Clinton out of the race for the White House .
In many of the city 's poorer wards , the recipients look forward to these bonuses from Democratic officials - a hangover from the days of the party 's old - fashioned machine politics - even though the amounts are relatively small , ranging from $ 50 to $ 400 .
But as in other contests , Obama is relying on his own army of unpaid
volunteers to get the vote out .
The Clinton team , meanwhile , is not saying whether it will pay out " street money " .
There are 69 wards in Philadelphia and estimates suggest it would cost Obama $ 400,000 - $ 500,000 to pay the 14,000 people normally required to help get the vote out .
Carol Ann Campbell , an integral part of the city machine , said she expected Obama to win the city , but his failure to pay could cost him the crucial margin needed to force Clinton out of the race for the presidential nomination .
In an interview with the Philadelphia Inquirer last week , Campbell defended the practice of " street money " , saying : " We are a machine town . "
She added that there was nothing dirty about it .
" The committee people and the ward leaders have to buy lunch for hundreds of people , otherwise they wo n't have good workers .
They have to buy coffee , orange juice and doughnuts .
That 's just the way it is . "
Since the start of the primary campaign last year , Obama has avoided using the Democratic machine , on the assumption that it had already been tied up by the Clintons , and instead built up his own volunteer network .
He has encouraged his supporters to be self - sufficient , with volunteers bringing dishes into campaign headquarters rather than sending out for meals .
The different approaches have produced a clash of cultures in Philadelphia .
Obama 's team on the ground is being supplemented by thousands of young supporters who have travelled from Washington , New York and other neighbouring conurbations , watched warily by the locals , some of them resentful about being denied the " street money " .
Jeremy Bird , Obama 's Pennsylvania field director , told the Los Angeles Times that the campaign had faced a similar predicament in South Carolina over the traditional distribution of money : " We always said that we 're not going to do politics the way it 's always been done because it 's always been done that way . "
' Bubble boy ' saved by gene therapy
In one of the first treatments of its kind , UK doctors have used gene therapy to cure a toddler of a potentially fatal disorder .
Scientists at Great Ormond Street Hospital in London successfully treated 18 - month - old Rhys Evans , who had a condition preventing him from developing an immune system .
The problem , called severe combined immunodeficiency ( SCID ) is caused by a single mutated gene , and meant that he had to live in sterile conditions or risk picking up a life - threatening infection .
After his gene therapy , he was running around at home - he 's a normal little boy now
Dr Adrian Thrasher , Great Ormond Street Hospital Rhys , from Treharris , nr Cardiff , had spent much of his life in hospital prior to the treatment .
Only one in between 50,000 and 100,000 births in the UK is affected by the disorder .
However , following the ground - breaking treatment , which adds in a correctly - functioning version of the faulty gene , it is hoped that he will be able to lead a normal life .
And doctors are hopeful that children with other similar genetic disorders could benefit in a similar way .
Gene therapy for SCID - often dubbed the " baby in a bubble " syndrome - has only been successful in two other cases , treated at a Paris Hospital in 2000 .
Gene therapy hurdles
In general , attempts to use gene therapy in a wide variety of medical fields have had only limited success so far .
This is because it has proved difficult to get the therapy to the cells which need it .
However , the Great Ormond Street team , led by Dr Adrian Thrasher , is now moving on to tackle other similar disorders caused by a single gene defect .
Since they cracked the genetic code and found the gene , they can work miracles
Marie Evans , Rhys ' mother Dr Thrasher told the BBC : " We 're very excited by this - he was incredibly sick , with a nasty pneumonia , a life threatening infection .
" After his gene therapy , he was running around at home - he 's a normal little boy now . "
Rhys ' mother Marie said that she had been restricted to fortnightly visits because Rhys had to stay at Great Ormond Street while she returned home .
She said : " It is difficult to look at what we have been through - we see him now , playing with other children , and it 's just amazing .
" Since they cracked the genetic code and found the gene , they can work miracles . "
No donor
The only existing treatment for SCIDs is bone marrow transplantation , but in the case of Rhys , a matching donor could not be found .
Instead , Dr Thrasher 's team took bone marrow from the boy , then used a virus to carry a new version of the gene into immune cells from the marrow .
This was then reimplanted into the patient , where it gradually began to generate further cells to pass into the bloodstream and protect him from infection .
Now he has a normal count of immune cells for a child of his age , and doctors are hopeful this will continue .
This particular type of SCID , called " X - linked " SCID , affects only boys .
The scientists now want to try to correct an illness called chronic granulamatous disorder ( CGD ) , which again invovles a single defective gene .
The success is the first for the newly - launched gene therapy laboratory at Great Ormond Street , which was partly funded by the trust 's " Jeans for Genes " appeal .
SAVANNAH PENCE , 15 , says she wants to be in touch with her parents  but also wants to keep them at arm ’s length .
She says her father , John , made sure that she and her 19 - year - old brother , Alex , waited until high school before they got cellphones , unlike friends who had them by fifth grade .
And while Savannah described her relationship with her parents as close , she still prefers her space .
“ I do n’t text that much in front of my parents because they read them , ” she said .
And when her parents ask who is on the phone ?
“ I just say , ‘ People . ’
They do n’t ask anymore . ”
At first , John Pence , who owns a restaurant in Portland , Ore. , was unsure about how to relate to his daughter .
“ I did n’t know how to communicate with her , ” Mr. Pence said .
“ I had to learn . ”
So he took a crash course in text messaging  from Savannah .
But so far he knows how to quickly type only a few words or phrases :
Where are you ?
Why have n’t you called me ?
When are you coming home ?
When his daughter asks a question , he typically has one response .
“ ‘ OK ’ is the answer to everything , ” he said .
“ And I have n’t used a question mark yet . ”
He said he had to learn how to text because his daughter did not return his calls .
“ I do n’t leave a message , ” he said , “ because she knows it ’s me . ”
Savannah said she sends a text message to her father at least two or three times a day .
“ I ca n’t ask him questions because he is too slow , ” she said .
“ He uses simple words . ”
On the other hand , her mother , Caprial , is more proficient at texting and will ask how her day was at school or how her friends are doing .
( Her mom owed her more facile texting skills to being an agile typist with small hands . )
Early on , Savannah ’s parents agreed that they had to set rules .
First , they banned cellphone use at the dinner table and , later , when the family watched television together , because Mr. Pence worried about the distraction .
“ They become unaware of your presence , ” he said .
Mr. Pence is well aware of how destabilizing cellphones , iPods and hand - held video game players can be to family relations .
“ I see kids text under the table at the restaurant , ” he said .
“ They do n’t teach them etiquette anymore . ”
Some children , he said , watch videos in restaurants .
On March 27 , five former Secretaries of State met in Athens , Georgia for the purpose of formulating bipartisan foreign policy suggestions for the next president .
All five former Secretaries ( Powell , Kissinger , Albright , Baker , and Christopher ) agreed on two important recommendations :
The U.S. should open a dialogue with Iran , and the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay should be closed .
( AP , 3/28/08 )
The first recommendation is a no- brainer for anybody but the Bush Administration , but it will have to wait for a new president because the only kind of diplomacy the Bush Administration understands is Gun-Boat Diplomacy .
The second recommendation ( closing the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba ) , could and should begin immediately .
Guantanamo prison , and what has transpired there during George W. Bush ’s War of Terror , is an embarrassment to America .
“ It gives us a very , very bad name , not just internationally .
I have a great deal of difficulty understanding how we can hold someone , pick someone up , particularly someone who might be an American citizen - even if they were caught somewhere abroad , acting against American interests -- and hold them without ever giving them an opportunity to appear before a magistrate . ” -- James Baker , Sec. of State under George H.W. Bush
Other nations have suffered terrorist attacks during the years since September 11 , 2001 .
In many cases , they have caught the terrorist , tried them in criminal court , convicted them of crimes and put them in prison .
The Bush Administration has spent those same years trying to invent new ways to withhold the normal protections of our judicial system from the hundreds of prisoners that have been rounded up and held at the infamous prison at Guantanamo .
Now , the Bush Administration is preparing to compound the tragedy of Guantanamo by putting on show - trials of six high - profile prisoners during the run-up to the elections in November .
These will not be anything like the trials we are accustomed to seeing on television -- where both sides get to see the evidence and it is possible that the defendant might be found innocent .
These trials will be conducted under the rules of the Military Commissions
Act , which was foolishly passed by members of Congress to keep from being labeled “ soft on terrorism ” .
These tribunals will routinely deny the defendants due process , they may proceed without the defendant , the Secretary of Defense will pick the judges , hearsay evidence and evidence obtained without a warrant are admissible , defendants are not allowed to see all the evidence against them , and Defense attorneys cannot meet with clients without a government monitor and are not even permitted to keep their notes of the meetings .
The Military Commissions
Act does not allow evidence obtained by torture , but this is not a problem for the upcoming show - trials because none of the evidence was extracted by torture .
Even though our government has admitted that evidence was obtained by waterboarding prisoners , President Bush has plainly stated that “ we do not torture ” -- Therefore : waterboarding must not be torture ( in Bu$hWorld ) .
In some of these cases , government prosecutors have had years to prepare for the upcoming show - trials .
The defense has not been quite so lucky .
“ The military is speeding ahead with plans to try six men at Guantanamo Bay for the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks but none of the defendants , who face possible execution if found guilty , has seen a defense lawyer yet .
” -- AP , 2/27/08
According to Lt. Cdr. Charles Swift , who successfully represented Salim Hamdan in the case Hamdan v. Rumsfeld , the Office of Military Commissions has no attorneys who are qualified to handle death - penalty cases .
He says :
“ The government seems to almost intentionally insure that there is not sufficient assets to put on a credible defense .
”-- CNN , 2/11/08
Even though Guantanamo prison is a military installation and the trials are called military tribunals , it is the Bush Administration that is pushing the agenda -- not the military .
Several honorable officers have voiced concerns about the fairness of the legal proceedings at Guantanamo .
“ ... I expected there would at least be a minimal effort to establish a fair process and diligently prepare cases against significant accused .
Instead , I find a half - hearted and disorganised effort by a skeleton group of relatively inexperienced attorneys to prosecute fairly low - level accused in a process that appears to be rigged .
... You have repeatedly said to the office that the military panel will be handpicked and will not acquit these detainees and that we only needed to worry about building a record for the review panel . ” -- Captain John Carr ( USAF ) , in an e-mail sent to supervisors in the Office of Military Commissions in March 2004 , reported by ABC News , 8 /
Major Robert Preston and Captain Carrie Wolf , requested transfers to other assignments , rather than participate in the charade of justice at Guantanamo .
Prosecutors will have one big advantage in the upcoming show - trials :
They ca n’t lose .
Retired U.S. Air Force Colonel Morris Davis , who was the chief U.S. prosecutor for the Guantanamo military commissions , told The Nation that “ the trials are rigged from the start ” and “ the process has been manipulated by Administration appointees in an attempt to foreclose the possibility of acquittal . ”
Col .
Davis described what happened when he mentioned the possibility of an acquittal to then - Pentagon general counsel William Haynes ( a political appointee who was overseeing both the prosecution and the defense for military tribunal commissions ) :
“ [ Haynes ’s ] eyes got wide and he said , ‘ Wait a minute , we ca n’t have acquittals .
If we ’ve been holding these guys for so long , how can we explain letting them get off ?
We ca n’t have acquittals , we ’ve got to have convictions .
’” -- The Nation , 2/20/08 ( Colonel Davis resigned a few hours after being informed that he had been placed in a chain of command under Haynes .
In the event that a miracle occurred , and a defendant is found not guilty , the Bush Administration reserves the right to hold “ enemy combatants ” for the duration of hostilities -- even if they are acquitted by the military commission .
Since most of the prisoners at Guantanamo have been declared “ enemy combatants ” and there is no end to Bush ’s “ war on terror ” ; you can bet that no defendant is going to be released during the Bush Administration - - innocent or not .
The Bush Administration has already done enough damage to America ’s reputation in the world .
We cannot allow it to go through with these show - trials at Guantanamo -- making martyrs out of murderers .
Call your Senators and Representatives today ( 202-224-3121 ) and tell them to stop the perversion of justice at Guantanamo .
America is better than that -- or it should be .
The first generation of openly gay Americans chalked up a lot of firsts -- a gay - rights march in Washington , openly gay politicians in national office and out - of - the - closet actors on sitcoms .
And now , this generation will be the first to have , just in time for its twilight years , gay senior condo communities .
It ’s an extension of the gay ghetto , this time with walkers .
But at RainbowVision , a development that opened last year on the edge of this high - desert city , a there - goes - the - neighborhood cloud has appeared .
Some residents fear that their community could be overrun by an outside element -- straight people .
“ It does not matter how friendly they are , ” said Roger Bergstrom , 77 , who shares a condo at RainbowVision with his longtime partner , Barry Baltzley , 57 .
Advertisement
Bergstrom spent nearly 30 years as a high school English and speech teacher in the Washington area .
During that time , he had to be closeted at work .
For the last chapter of his life , Bergstrom wants to live in a community where gay people rule .
“ If straight people are in the majority , it ’s different .
It ’s not what we came here for , ” he said .
“ It ’s not where we want to live out the rest of our lives . ”
It ’s easy to see why seniors of any orientation would be attracted to the 120 - unit development , which includes a mixture of condos and rental units plus an assisted - living facility .
Advertisement
The 13 - acre community , with views of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , features two - and three - story earth - tone buildings , carefully decorated public spaces , a restaurant that prides itself on not serving bland fare and a gym that would turn heads in West Hollywood .
Dance parties and other events -- many of which are open to outsiders -- are often booked at the lounge and bar .
RainbowVision is n’t the only such refuge for the aging gay set .
In Oakland , the historic Lake Merritt Hotel has been transformed into Barbary Lane Communities , endorsed by gay icon Armistead Maupin .
Other developments are planned for Palm Springs and Vancouver , Canada .
RainbowVision has been promoted almost exclusively to the gay community .
Brochures and the website highlight photos of same - sex couples .
The project ’s name evokes the rainbow that the gay community has adopted as its symbol .
--
Advertisement
About 80 % of the complex ’s residents are gay , management said .
But there is potential for a radical shift because nearly half of the units are unoccupied or for sale .
New Mexico bars housing discrimination because of sexual orientation .
And condo owners , looking to unload their properties in a slow real estate market , are free to sell to whomever they choose .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with straight people , in moderation .
“ This is a place where you do n’t have to find out if someone is gay , ” said Joy Silver , founder and chief executive of RainbowVision Properties Inc .
“ You have to find out if someone is straight . ”
Advertisement
For gay seniors who can no longer live independently , preserving gay identity is especially crucial .
Gloria Donadello , 81 , who has an apartment in the assisted - living facility , was out of the closet long before becoming one of the first residents of RainbowVision .
Formerly a psychotherapist and professor at Fordham University , she and her life partner , Sarah Barber ( a former literature professor at City College of New York and daughter of famed baseball announcer Red Barber ) , became active in gay social action groups and AIDS charities when they retired to Santa Fe in the early 1990s .
Barber died in 2005 and Donadello moved into a mainstream retirement home .
Advertisement
“ I hated it , ” Donadello said quietly as she sat with the “ breakfast club , ” an informal group of RainbowVision residents who meet most days to socialize over cold cereal , fresh fruit , oatmeal and stewed prunes .
“ When I was new there , one woman came over to me and trying to be nice , she asked me , ‘ Are you married , do you have children ? ’
“ So I said , ‘ I think you should know I ’m gay . ’
Her face went blank .
She pulled her chair away and left . ”
Donadello spent most of her time alone in her room , fearing homophobia .
At RainbowVision , however , she is active in most of the community ’s events .
Advertisement
“ Gloria ’s social schedule , ” said Donna Valentine , director of wellness in the assisted - living unit , “ is busier than mine . ”
Then there ’s breakfast club member Ben Tarver , 80 , who was a playwright and college professor before retiring in 1991 .
Tarver spoke enthusiastically about his life in the theater and academic worlds , followed by retirement .
“ I lived in Santa Fe for a number of years , ” he said , “ then my wife passed away . ”
Advertisement
The mention of his wife was almost an aside .
In fact , he kept his sexual orientation hidden when he moved in this year .
Tarver wanted to live in a community where the arts were a major interest , and several RainbowVision residents are subscribers to local performing groups , including the Santa Fe Opera .
Still , there were qualms .
“ I was afraid , ” Tarver said , “ they may not want a straight guy . ”
Advertisement
Many residents are quick to say that they do n’t want an all - gay enclave , just a majority one where gays can show affection without fearing rebuke , and find respite from a world in which the vast references to romance and daily life are in a heterosexual context .
“ We were glad to have a mixture , ” said Jan Gaynor , 64 , who has a condo with partner Barbara Cohn , 63 .
“ It ’s more like living in the real world , not one that is strictly one or the other . ”
There is little chance a person not comfortable with gays would move into RainbowVision , Silver said .
“ You have to pass three rainbow flags before you even get in the place , ” she said .
Still , some recent moves by management have fanned worries about an influx of outsiders .
It ’s about to start offering memberships to nonresidents who want to use the gym , eat at the restaurant and use RainbowVision ’s public spaces -- such as the Truman Capote Library -- for functions .
Advertisement
Gaynor was co-chair of a resident council that met with management to express its concerns .
A compromise was worked out that will make the memberships available at a measured pace , with evaluation periods built in .
“ I do n’t see a whole bunch of homophobic people coming in here , ” Gaynor said .
--
The straight people who have come so far , residents said , have been respectful of the gay majority and mindful that many gay seniors spent decades hiding their sexual orientation out of fear they would be fired or imprisoned .
When Harry and Margaret Ritche became interested in buying a condo , they checked if they would be welcome .
Advertisement
“ We called and asked , ‘ Do you take straight people as well as gay and lesbian ? ’ ” Margaret said .
They moved in six months ago .
“ If anyone here is uncomfortable with us , ” Harry said , “ they never let us know . ”
Several weeks after Bergstrom made his comments about wanting to maintain a gay majority , he had not changed his mind .
Advertisement
But he also was n’t so worked up about it .
He spoke about a straight couple that had moved into RainbowVision .
At first , they rented a unit and then decided to buy a condo .
Before that happened , tragedy struck .
“ He had a stroke and passed away , ” Bergstrom said .
“ We were devastated .
Such lovely people . ”
It would have been easy for the widow to move .
“ But she said , ‘ I would have no friends if I moved .
This is where I live now . ’ ”
Advertisement
Bergstrom paused to get his composure .
“ It ’s kind of like the opposite direction , ” he said .
“ When you get to know them , you love them . ”
--
david.colker@latimes.com
SuperTorrents recently fell victim to an attack by alleged ' Scene ' members who revealed the site owner 's identity .
Further action was promised against torrent sites and today another tracker admin 's life has been turned upside down .
The attacker 's message : " Destroying The P2P's , One Step at a Time "
At the end of last year we reported on the unfortunate fate of Ersan , the administrator of SuperTorrents .
He suffered multiple security breaches which revealed his identity along with the loss of $ 2000 in donations .
Scene notices ( text files carrying news / other info ) carried lots of the gory details , with one ending in a threat : “ cellkill is next ” .
It seems that the administrator of a torrent site known as FTN has become the group ’s latest BitTorrent victim , exactly as promised .
In yet another notice with the header “ Destroying The P2Ps , One Step at a Time ” , part of the justification for the attack reads :
“ Many have heard of him , but have never spoke to him , for a p2per word of him has come far as the scene .
[ real name removed ] , the owner of a torrent site known as FTN .
His Torrent site steals thousands after thousands of releases from the scene , and then he has the nerve to go and say to other P2P ’s STOP STEALING RELEASES FROM US ?!??!?
ILL BAN YO ASS !
But wait , how is this even possible ?? [ real name removed ] is n’t on the “ Staff ” page yet he ’s still banning people , posting news and running the entire site .
Mr. [ removed ] , did you really think you were gonna leave without us giving you a goodbye present ?
Guess again ;-) ”
The grim reality becomes clear as detail after detail of this admin ’s personal life is revealed .
His real name , date of birth , place of residence , personal email addresses , home ISP and IP address , places of education , friends , family – it ’s quite a grim read .
The claim that the admin is currently studying ‘ Computer Security ’ must pile on the embarrassment in spades .
Family and friends who have also had their identities revealed ca n’t be too pleased that their FaceBook profiles are now public information .
Does this action against FTN signal the end of this ‘ war ’ on BitTorrent or will the MPAA and RIAA be rubbing their hands with delight on a regular basis ?
At least one other admin has been threatened for helping the admin of SuperTorrents after the original attack but there are n’t any more specifics at the moment .
The attackers left with this message : “ We have yet again erased another torrent admin from existence .
Other Groups , do your part to make the scene what it was in the beginning .
Secure . ”
Flying Off the Shelves The Pleasures and Perils of Chasing Book Thieves
James Yamasaki
In my eight years working at an independent bookstore , I lost count of how many shoplifters I chased through the streets of Seattle while shouting " Drop the book ! "
I chased them down crowded pedestrian plazas in the afternoon , I chased them through alleys at night , I even chased one into a train tunnel .
I chased a book thief to the waterfront , where he shouted , " Here are your fucking books ! " and threw a half - dozen paperbacks , including Bomb the Suburbs and A People 's History of the United States , into Puget Sound , preferring to watch them slowly sink into the muck rather than hand them back to the bookseller they were stolen from .
He had that ferocious , orgasmic gleam in his eye of somebody who was living in the climax of his own movie : I suppose he felt like he was liberating them somehow .
To work in an independent bookstore is to always be aware of shoplifters .
It can devour you ; you can spend all your time watching people , wondering if they 're watching you .
Every shoplifter caught is a major victory against the forces of darkness ; every one who escapes is another 10 minutes kept awake at night with gnashing teeth .
I know a few booksellers who have literally been driven a little bit crazy at the thought of their inventory evaporating out the door , and with good reason :
An overabundance of shoplifters can put bookstores out of business .
One local bookstore owner can famously talk about shoplifters with total strangers for hours , with the detail and passion that some people reserve for sexual conquests .
There 's an underground economy of boosted books .
These values are commonly understood and roundly agreed upon through word of mouth , and the values always seem to be true .
Once , a scruffy , large man approached me , holding a folded - up piece of paper .
" Do you have any Buck ? "
He paused and looked at the piece of paper .
" Any books by Buckorsick ? " I suspected that he meant Bukowski , but I played dumb , and asked to see the piece of paper he was holding .
It was written in crisp handwriting that clearly did n't belong to him , and it read :
1. Charles Bukowski
2. Jim Thompson
3. Philip K. Dick
4. William S. Burroughs
5. Any Graphic Novel
This is pretty much the authoritative top five , the New York Times best - seller list of stolen books .
Its origins still mystify me .
It might have belonged to an unscrupulous used bookseller who sent the homeless out , Fagin - like , to do his bidding , or it might have been another book thief helping a semi-illiterate friend identify the valuable merchandise .
I asked the man whether he preferred Bukowski's Pulp to his Women , as I did , and whether his favorite Thompson book was The Getaway or The Killer Inside Me .
First the book chatter made him nervous , but then it made him angry :
He bellowed , " You 're just a little bitch , ai n ' t ' cha ? " and stormed out .
Most used bookstores try to avoid buying unread - looking books from the list above , but they do always sell , and so any crook who figures out how to roll a spine can turn a profit pretty easily .
The list of popular books is surprisingly static , although newer artists have earned their place in the pantheon with Hunter S. Thompson and the Beats : Palahniuk , Murakami , and Danielewski have become hugely popular antisellers in the last five years .
I 've had hundreds of dollars of graphic novels — Sandman , Preacher , The Dark Knight Returns — lifted from right under my nose all at once .
Science fiction and fantasy are high in demand , too :
The coin of the realm is now , and has always been , the fiction that young white men read , and self - satisfied young white men , the kind who love to stick it to the man , are the majority of book shoplifters .
When I worked at a big - box chain bookstore , shoplifters never crossed my mind ; the corporation paid security guards for that .
Employees were told not to get involved .
The legal issues were too Byzantine for us peons to understand .
The guards , instead , created problems :
We had to fire one for masturbating in the children 's section .
But independent booksellers , understanding that the line between profit and failure is so fine , take it personally , and sprint after thieves all the time .
On the rare occasion when a shoplifter would run faster than I could , I would shout at his back as he escaped into the city : " Why do n't you steal from a fucking corporate bookstore , you asshole ? "
None of them ever responded .
They just kept running .
Science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard 's most notorious space opera is the religion of Scientology , which is packed with aliens and space battles and waves of invaders to our solar system .
Hubbard even referred to the cosmological timeline behind Scientology as " the space opera , " and for good reason .
It reads like a pretty damn trippy science fiction novel .
For your edification , we 've created a handy timeline ( below ) that compares the scientific history of the universe with the Scientology history of the universe .
Who knew all that alien stuff was going on during the middle ages ?
And before the Big Bang ?
Advertisement
A few notes for the uninitiated .
According to Scientology , " Thetans " are aliens whose spirits live within humans today .
So Thetans are kind of like proto-humans .
Also , within the Scientology time frame , the biggest incidents usually involve the Thetans being traumatized with " implants " or " brainwashing " from other aliens .
So you 'll see a lot of references to various brainwashing incidents here , including the invention of the Christianity Implant , which Hubbard believed was a very corrosive form of mind - control .
Illustration by Stephanie Fox .
Sources on Scientology cosmology : Wikipedia , Operation Clambake .
Andrew Harrison has a vision .
The 37 - year - old northerner who runs the 805 Carphone Warehouse stores that dot the nation 's high streets reckons he can do for laptops what it has already done for mobile phones : get them into nearly everyone 's hands by making them free .
It may sound insane , but it is the reason he remains excited about a business he joined 13 years ago when it had a handful of stores and was run out of a basement on London 's Marylebone Road .
Now , from his glass - walled office at Carphone 's sprawling hangar - like headquarters on an industrial estate in Acton , west London , he recalls the disbelief of his family back in St Helens when he jacked in what looked like a promising consultancy career to join " a bunch of mobile phone cowboys they had never heard of " .
He cannot help comparing that with the reaction his new plan receives today .
" When I joined , my brother asked me , ' Why would anyone outside of London want a mobile phone ? '
He said : ' I work in Warrington and I live in Warrington .
I have a phone on my desk and a phone at home , and it takes me five minutes to drive between them and if I break down I can walk .
Why do I need a phone ? '
It was seen as this London yuppie thing . "
Now Carphone , which secured a place among the top British businesses in joining the FTSE 100 in September , sells over 6.5 m phones a year - roughly one in every five in the UK - and there are more handsets in circulation in Britain than there are people .
" Everything that everybody told me about the mobile phone , I can see happening with the laptop , " says Harrison .
" I get people saying to me ' you will not get a builder on a building site getting a laptop out ' and I say ' you would have said the same thing about a mobile phone 10 years ago ' . "
The catalyst is the great British appetite for broadband internet connections and , more specifically , the drive of Britain 's mobile phone companies into broadband on the move .
Since last summer all five mobile networks have launched mobile broadband services and prices have halved .
Free laptops
But to get the most out of a mobile broadband service you need a laptop .
Once playthings of the rich - or anyone lucky enough to have their company supply one - laptops have plunged in price to such an extent that they are cheaper than some of the so - called high - end feature phones .
Customers expect to get phones free when they sign up for an annual or 18 - month contract .
So why not get a free laptop when you sign up for broadband , asks Harrison .
Carphone 's telecoms arm TalkTalk , which Harrison was instrumental in founding when he worked on the firm 's strategy , now operates at arm 's length to the retail business .
It shook up the residential broadband market last year when it started offering free laptops to customers willing to sign up to the AOL service it bought in 2006 .
TalkTalk has already snaffled a significant share of the 4m - plus laptops sold annually in Britain with just one model .
Orange has countered by joining forces with Currys to offer £ 300 off any laptop to customers signing up for its residential service .
" You fast - forward this three or four years , " says Harrison , " and it is a world where no one ever buys a laptop again but just expects it as part of their deal with their broadband provider or part of their monthly fee .
They get a laptop and 18 months later they get a new one . "
He does not care who starts the ball rolling among the mobile networks but he wants to sell their services when they do .
His Carphone stores already flog mobile broadband from all five networks , residential broadband services from Orange and Virgin Media , with O2 to follow shortly , and he would love to stock BT and Sky 's kit .
From many in retail or technology this would sound like a pipe dream , but Harrison has a plain - speaking truthfulness about him that lends weight to his argument .
He is a foil to the boyish home counties bonhomie of his boss and Carphone co-founder Charles Dunstone , having come from what he terms a " pretty working - class background " in the north - west " where nothing spectacular happened " .
Wigan beat Chelsea
What did happen , however , was that he fell in love - with a football team .
But in keeping with his generally down - to - earth demeanour , it was not one of the major local clubs such as Liverpool , Everton , Manchester City or United that caught his eye .
" My friend Gary came to school one day and he had this strange top on and it was a Wigan Athletic top .
I went to my first game with him and I have been a fan for 26 years .
I went to reserve games and away games and I have been ridiculed quite systematically for being a supporter of a really rubbish football team . "
He has passed his love of Wigan on to his two children - " they think the word Chelsea means boo " - a task made slightly easier when Wigan made it into the Premiership three years ago .
He took a business degree at Leeds University as a way of avoiding the path his father had mapped out for him .
His father spent much of his working life as a window cleaner before the pressures of a growing family pushed him into a local factory .
Harrison emerged from university in 1992 in the teeth of a recession .
He tried finding a job in the area , but ended up in the same factory .
" I worked there for about two months , partly just to work out what my dad had been doing for the past 10 years and partly to earn some money .
They made furnace elements .
I learned some amazing things , but I realised it was not for me when I went into the mess room with my copy of the Guardian and everyone just looked at me ... "
He moved to London in search of work , scouring local papers and being rejected for management roles by several large employers .
He got lucky when a small management consultancy called Bridgewater Business Analysis offered him some project work .
" Six months before I had been in the mess room of a factory , and now I was in a boardroom presenting , because we did not have any people .
It was the most amazing learning curve . "
One of the consultancy 's clients was the four - year - old Carphone Warehouse .
Its first piece of advice was that the firm should not open any shops , which Dunstone wisely ignored .
Harrison ended up doing the firm's weekly accounts and quickly became the expert on all the statistics in the business .
Dunstone , with the public schoolboy 's love of a nickname , branded him " Stat " after the bespectacled sports pundit Angus " Statto " Loughran .
Fed up with paying him a consultant 's fee , Carphone 's co-founder David " Rosso " Ross hired Harrison in 1995 as strategy manager at a time when Carphone had about 27 stores .
At his fingertips
Colleagues say Harrison has grown with the business .
Dunstone moved him into a more commercial role in 1998 and he has climbed the ranks .
In 2001 - just after the company floated on the London Stock Exchange - Harrison took over as UK chief executive and two years ago he gained a seat on the board .
Harrison joined Carphone too late to make the hundreds of millions that Dunstone and Ross garnered when it floated , but he has still done very well out of the business .
However , his two " nice " cars , a Porsche and a Jaguar , have both been stolen and he is running around in a battered old VW Golf .
The City , meanwhile , will get its latest chance to quiz Harrison about his part of the business on April 15 at Carphone 's annual analysts ' day , which coincides with the release of its fourth - quarter trading update .
Fears are growing that the credit crunch has moved from the financial markets to consumers ' pockets .
Sony Ericsson and Motorola have both warned of sliding mobile phone sales and industry analysts are forecasting a slowdown this year .
Harrison is wary of giving a forecast , but says , " If you look at the figures we put out at Christmas we are still seeing growth and our position since then has been pretty steady . "
He also believes that Carphone 's independence makes it an obvious destination for price - conscious customers .
Becoming O2's exclusive retail partner for Apple 's iPhone has also helped draw in the crowds .
From his office next to Dunstone , Harrison has clear sight of an electronic board stuck high on the other side of a room bristling with call centre staff that shows how many phones are being sold on an hourly and estimated daily basis , plus how many people are waiting in the credit referrals queue .
" Stat " still likes to have all the figures at his fingertips .
" When I joined we sold about 2,000 phones a week - now we sell that in an hour , as I can see from the chart .
You 've got to be on the number every single day .
You ca n't take your eye off it . "
CV
Born November 18 1970
Education Rainford High School , St Helens , 1981 - 1989 ; University of Leeds , BA management studies 1989 - 1992
Career
1993 -95 Bridgewater Business Analysis
1995 Joined the Carphone Warehouse as strategy manager
1998 Commercial director for the UK
2001 UK chief executive officer
2006 Joined group plc board
Family Married with two boys ( aged three and five )
Leisure Wigan Athletic , skiing
It ’s interesting how tool prevalence and standardization ( or lack thereof ) for a programming language are very strong indicators of how many people have used it to build significant projects .
My honors thesis has me hacking up ML implementations – I started with OCaml , but later switched to MLkit after realizing that it already had support for some features I was working to implement in OCaml .
As you might imagine , the source for a compiler and runtime for reasonably mature languages ( the ML family of languages started in the mid-70s ) is a reasonably hefty chunk of code .
The layouts of the MLkit source tree is fairly clear ( there is a conveniently - named “ Compiler ” directory , containing such subdirectories as “ Backend / X86 / ” ) .
The layout of the OCaml source is slightly less intuitive , but it comes with an informative README which points out where various parts of the system reside .
Yet even within these more focused segments of the source trees , there is a lot of code .
And it ’s not boilerplate – when you need functions and types for spitting out most of the relevant instructions on the x86 architecture , or handling every abstract syntax tree node of a very expressive language , you ’re going to have a lot of code .
But there are no good tools for managing a code base of this size in any ML descendant .
I ran into this to some degree with the class project for my software engineering class last year ( CS190 – 2007 ’s page is missing … I need to look into that ) .
We wrote a frontend to GDB using OCaml .
The idea was to display separate , independently - controlled panes for each thread of a multithreaded program ( obviously , this did n’t scale well past , oh , 5 threads ) .
It worked reasonably well at the end of the semester , but not well enough that we would ever release it .
There were a few times , in a project which totaled only a few hundred lines of code , that I wanted some mechanized help working through other modules quickly to find what I needed .
Several times I resorted to emailing a peer – hardly a terrible horror , but not something which should have been necessary for simply finding a function in a small code base .
The only tools we had for managing the code base were ….
Subversion , and VIm .
MLkit is nearly 240K lines of code in over 1000 files ( including comments , but as it is primarily a research project , those are few and far between , plus a few odd linebreaks ) .
Even cutting it down to just the compiler ( ignoring its dependencies elsewhere in the tree ) we ’re looking at almost 56 K lines of code in over 150 files .
C , C++ and Java programmers have a plethora of tools at their disposal for working with code bases of this size .
When I was at Sun this past summer , between cscope and having OpenGrok set up on the kernel code , finding definitions , declarations , types , etc. was usually a breeze .
Both have their limitations , and their bugs , but they ’re still great .
And that ’s not even using a lot of the IDE support present in major IDEs like Visual Studio or Eclipse .
ML programmers have no reliable systems which I can find .
A quick search for OCaml IDEs yields a few results .
A page listing a few of what look to be mostly - dead OCaml plugins for Eclipse .
Of these ODT has apparently seen activity this year , but seems to be mostly syntax highlighting and a build tool .
A from - scratch IDE , Camelia , built by my friend Nate when we TAed CS017 ( now unfortunately renamed CSCI0170 , thanks to the abomination that is Sungard ‘s Banner… ) .
Searching for any of OCaml , SML , ML , or Haskell with “ cscope ” on Google yields nothing of use .
Jane Street Capital uses OCaml .
I wonder what tools they use .
Oddly enough , it seems the winner in this case may be the F# plugin for Visual Studio .
It has support for following references around large code bases , and is actively maintained ( as MS intends it to be a mainstream . NET language in the near future ) .
Unfortunately , it can also only deal with F# files , which are close to , but not quite close enough to Standard ML files ….
Perhaps I ’ll build a cscope - alike for ML myself .
After I finish my thesis .
EDIT : A commenter on reddit suggested taking a look at ocamlbrowser .
It seems to be at least mostly what I ’m looking for ( for OCaml ) , though I ca n’t seem to get it to do anything other than display the types for functions in the standard module library , so I ca n’t say for sure .
There ’s a setting to change the module search path , but it does n’t seem to change anything for me .
I also find it odd that despite the fact that it is included with the OCaml base distribution ( at least in Debian ) , no web search for any query I can think of which expresses the sort of task ocamlbrowser is supposed to facilitate yields any results referencing it .
This suggests that very few people use it – maybe I ’m not the only one who ca n’t get it to work on an arbitrary code base easily .
Might play with it some more once I get some more time .
EDIT2 : Another reddit commenter mentioned otags ( in the vein of ctags ) , which looks good .
If only I was still working in OCaml :-p
On the other hand , looking up the link for ctags made me look at that again ( I had foolishly assumed that it , like cscope , supported only C and C++ ) .
In particular , apparently someone reimplemented ctags for more language support ( and called it Exuberant Ctags ) .
The language support list claims that it in fact works on SML !
A download and compile later , I ’m quite the happy camper !
It works just like the standard ctags .
Many thanks to zem on reddit for inspiring a very fortuitous Google search .
Lost in the craze for non-medical ultrasound imagery is the potential risk to the developing fetus and the impact on vulnerable pregnant women , who are left to fend for themselves in sorting out potential health threats , the sufficiency of the exams , and their own personal needs .
You 've already met the Religious Right .
Now meet its offspring , the Medical Right — ideologically motivated pseudo - medical organizations that are shaping reproductive health care policy and practice to conform to their unscientific beliefs about " the beginning of life . "
The Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice has been tracking these organizations on our online Medical Right Watch .
Our latest report — " UltraLove : The Medical Right Falls Hard for Ultrasound , Despite Lack of Evidence " — describes the anti-abortion movement 's multimillion - dollar immersion into the non-medical use of ultrasound equipment and questions the ethics of using medical diagnostic technology to persuade women to continue a pregnancy .
Lost in the craze for non-medical ultrasound imagery is the potential risk to the developing fetus and the impact on vulnerable pregnant women , who are largely left to fend for themselves in sorting out potential health threats , the sufficiency of the exams , and their own personal needs .
The " Fetal Photo " Craze
To get a sense of the " fetal photo " craze , look at the mammoth right - wing " family values " organization , Focus on the Family .
It began its Option Ultrasound Program in 2004 , investing $ 4.2 million in a single year to pay for training and ultrasound equipment for crisis pregnancy centers .
As of December 2007 , the program manager reported that 363 ultrasound machines had been placed in centers and trainings held in 48 states .
The National Institute of Family & Life Advocates in Virginia , a Medical Right organization , collected $ 731,000 in 2006 to provide training and counseling to crisis pregnancy centers that are adding ultrasound equipment .
Heartbeat International , which claims 1,100 affiliates , says 460 of its affiliates are now equipped with ultrasound capability .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Anti-abortion advocates for the non-medical use of ultrasound imaging ( also called sonography or sonograms ) on pregnant women have two basic strategies .
One is to equip the estimated 2,500 - 3,500 crisis pregnancy centers across the country with ultrasound machines , in some cases garnering government aid to pay for them .
The other is to pass laws under the guise of " informed consent , " which would require abortion clinics and doctors to conduct ultrasounds on pregnant women before providing abortion services .
Some of these proposed laws go so far as to require that women view the images .
So - called crisis pregnancy centers offer free sonograms as bait to draw women into their office and claim that ultrasound images are highly effective in dissuading women from abortion .
Focus on the Family claims that " research shows " that 89 % of women considering abortion change their minds after having an ultrasound and counseling at a crisis pregnancy center .
Other claims rely upon anecdotal stories , reprinted in anti-abortion literature , of women at crisis pregnancy centers who change their minds when they see the ultrasound .
These stories and statistics have no scientific basis or support .
No reliable study has measured the effect of ultrasound on a woman 's decision whether or not to bear a child , according to a search of academic and medical literature and inquiries to research organizations , including The Guttmacher Institute .
In fact , the opposite may be the case .
Reports from abortion clinics indicate that women who have an ultrasound do not change their minds about having the procedure .
Medical Consequences of Ultrasound Imaging
Although ultrasound imaging is generally considered safe and is important in dating pregnancy ( especially in a medication or " pill " abortion regimen using RU - 486 or Mifeprex ) , determining the position of the fetus and whether there are multiple fetuses , ectopic pregnancy or fetal abnormalities , there are risks .
The professional organization for sonography , The American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine ( AIUM ) , rejects non-diagnostic uses as does the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , which regulates the equipment , although no action has been taken against crisis pregnancy centers and there is little evidence of regulatory oversight .
In objecting to the purchase of ultrasound equipment by actor Tom Cruise for personal use in monitoring partner Katie Holmes ' pregnancy , the AIUM reaffirmed its statement of " prudent use " that " strongly discourages the non-medical use of ultrasound for psychosocial or entertainment purposes .
The use of either two - dimensional ( 2D ) or three - dimensional ( 3D ) ultrasound to only view the fetus , obtain a picture of the fetus , or determine the fetal gender without a medication indication is inappropriate and contrary to responsible medical practice . "
The statement , published in the January 2006 " Sound Waves , " was endorsed by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , the Society for Maternal - Fetal Medicine , and several other medical organizations .
AIUM also opposed the operation of portrait studios that make " keepsake " fetal sonograms .
In 2004 , the FDA warned against the " keepsake " non-medical uses of fetal ultrasound , calling it " risky business . "
" Expectant women and their families need to know that the long - term effects of repeated ultrasound exposures on the fetus are not fully known .
In light of all that remains unknown , having a prenatal ultrasound for non-medical reasons is not a good idea , " according to the FDA magazine .
Harm from excessive fetal exposure to ultrasound or at high frequencies has been the subject of some laboratory studies .
In 2004 , the FDA noted that fetal ultrasound scanning is considered safe , but " ca n't be considered completely innocuous . "
The FDA wrote : " ( U ) ltrasound is a form of energy , and even at low levels , laboratory studies have shown it can produce physical effects in tissue , such as jarring vibrations and a rise in temperature . "
A study released in 2006 found disruption of the normal migration of brain cells in fetal mice , which , if it occurred in humans , could potentially cause autism , mental retardation , epilepsy and learning disabilities .
Additionally , studies of humans exposed to ultrasound have shown possible adverse effects in growth retardation , dyslexia , delayed speech development .
Even Focus on the Family 's aggressively anti-abortion Physicians Resource Council issued a statement on the use of Doppler ultrasound in the first trimester in 2005 , cautioning that it should only be used in " a case in which the mother is considering the option of abortion but might be more inclined to choose life after hearing the sound of the fetal heart . "
Who 's Administering the Sonography ?
Another concern arises from the operation of fetal sonography by untrained or inexperienced operators who fail to diagnose or inform a woman about a serious condition .
" Failure to diagnose " a fetal sonogram leads to a large number of medical malpractice claims .
While the NIFLA advises pregnancy centers that ultrasound can be performed only by trained personnel and by a doctor 's recommendation , first - hand accounts by crisis pregnancy center workers indicate that physicians may be distant participants in the process , if involved at all .
A first - hand story carried online by Heartlink , the Focus on the Family ultrasound website , describes a center in which an impatient woman sought an ultrasound .
The story describes how a sonographer extended herself to come from home to do it .
" The sonographer never knows what she 'll see when she does a scan ….
This window into her womb showed her a darling little 14 week , 1 day old , bouncing , dancing baby , " the article reports .
Nowhere in the piece is the slightest indication of a doctor ordering the ultrasound or interpreting it .
Aside from liability issues , a survey published in the Journal of Ultrasound Medicine highlighted another potential problem : patients who forgo medical and diagnostic ultrasounds because they have had a non-medical ultrasound .
A majority of those surveyed — obstetricians and radiologists in Maine — found this to be a worry .
Majorities also believed that non-medical ultrasounds might leave fetal anomalies undetected and give patients false reassurances .
More than one - third believed that licensing boards should discipline those conducting the non-medical ultrasounds .
With these concerns , why does the Medical Right staunchly support ultrasound technology for non-medical uses ?
At its core , ultrasound relies on the same fetal imagery that has roiled the anti-abortion community from the outset – whether " The Silent Scream " or giant fetus posters hoisted outside abortion clinics .
In this high - tech culture , the Medical Right hopes that ultrasound will be the digital magical potion that will end abortion , but their premises , ethics and evidence are distinctly un -sound .
By CLAUDIA JOSEPH
Last updated at 22:41 06 October 2007
Lying on a spartan bed , feeding her tiny daughter from a bottle , teenager Wai Ling describes her heartbreaking dilemma .
Under China 's strict birth - control laws , Wai Ling , 19 , and her boyfriend , 21 , are too young to get married - and without being married they can't register their daughter 's birth .
They could bribe a state official to turn a blind eye , but that would cost far more than they could ever afford - half a year 's salary of £ 1,300 .
Scroll down for more ...
The alternative of a court appearance and swingeing fine for having an illegal child would be equally ruinous - so Wai Ling feels she has little choice but to sell her newborn baby to a child trafficker .
Even the thought of handing over her baby causes her unbearable pain .
" Every mother assumes she will be with her child for ever , " she cries plaintively .
" But soon she will be growing up in another family .
As a mother , I really want to watch her grow every day with me .
But I know that 's not possible . "
Twelve years ago , Kate Blewitt and Brian Wood 's award - winning documentary The Dying Rooms caused international outrage with its shocking footage of malnourished Chinese babies being left to die of starvation in state - run orphanages .
Now the film - makers have returned to China to find out what effect the country 's capitalist explosion is having on Beijing 's brutal and unbending Single Child Policy .
Wai Ling 's harrowing story is revealed in their special Dispatches programme , China 's Stolen Babies , which reveals a huge and expanding black market for the sale of children and teenagers .
The Channel 4 documentary , secretly filmed by director Jezza Neumann , discovered that Chinese couples , hampered by the one - child rule , buy and sell babies in order to guarantee a male child to look after them in old age or a bride for their son .
Scroll down for more ...
The demand is so high that child traffickers unable to find enough willing parties have resorted to snatching youngsters off the streets - and 70,000 disappear each year .
" Wai Ling and her boyfriend were so lovely and really intelligent , " said Mr Neumann .
" It 's tragic .
They had to give up their child because they can't possibly afford the fine . "
The Single Child Policy , described by Save The Children as a ' mass , live experiment in family life which is unique in the history of the world ' , was introduced in 1979 as a bold attempt to stem China 's population growth .
But , instead of becoming a solution , it has created a bigger problem .
Couples are so desperate for a male child to look after them in old age that an estimated 40 million girl babies have been aborted .
The result is a hugely skewed population in which there is a massive shortage of women of marriageable age .
" People are buying boys to guarantee they have a son to look after them in old age , " added Mr Neumann .
" It is easier than selective abortion .
" Richer families are buying young girls to marry their sons and save the dowries that go with marriage .
They buy the child , pay the backhander to officials and bring up the child until she is ten when she is old enough to work and earn back the money they have invested in her .
Then at 20 they marry her to their son . "
He continued : " Older girls are sold to become instant wives .
Once they have been sold it is very hard to get them back .
They are taken to completely different provinces , miles away .
There is no way for their families to trace them and they can't afford the fare to get back home .
" They may be in better environments and just accept they are going to be abused .
But a detective we interviewed in the programme told us about some of the women that he had rescued .
" They were beaten up by their husbands .
The fear of God was put in them .
They were told that if they left , they were dead . "
One of the most haunting stories in the film , narrated by actor Ben Kingsley , is that of the Chens whose only son , five - year - old Chen Jie , disappeared after helping his grandmother on her vegetable stall at the local market .
He was being taken home by a neighbour , Zhang , who is believed to have sold him .
The going price for a blackmarket boy is around £ 650 - six months ' wages for an average Chinese worker .
Chen Jie 's father Chen Lung , a plasterer who lives with his wife Li in a tiny flat in the migrant workers ' ghetto of Kunming , Yunnan province , has spent the past 18 months searching for him .
The couple have notified police , joined a support organisation made up of other parents of missing children , broken the law to plaster ' missing ' posters on lampposts , paid £ 40 to include his picture in a set of poker cards which feature missing children and hired a private detective .
" Someone who has never lost their child will never understand this kind of pain , " Chen Jie 's mother said , tears streaming down her face .
" It is like a knife through my heart .
When I 'm with other people , I can stay composed and calm .
But on my own , I just can't stop thinking about it .
" When it 's raining , I wonder if he is getting wet .
When it 's cold , I wonder if he is shivering .
I do n't know how he is feeling .
Is he calling someone else Mummy and Daddy ?
Is he dreaming of us ?
I used to joke when he was naughty that I 'd send him away or sell him .
Now that he 's gone , he probably thinks that I meant it .
He 'll be saying , " Mummy , I 'll be good , I 'll be good . "
His father added : " It 's torture .
We do n't know if our child is dead or alive .
Is he being fed , is he being beaten , is he being looked after , is he at school ? "
Mr Neumann , who has a son the same age as Chen Jie , said he found the interview particularly harrowing .
" Their life must have been all about Chen Jie in the same way as my life revolves around my son Michael . "
Only one in 20 parents from the Chen 's support group have ever found their children .
One lucky child was Jong Jang , who was kidnapped outside his house when he was just four .
He was finally rescued after his father and other parents from the group went to Beijing and lobbied the Ministry of Public Security .
The Beijing police used traffickers ' mobile phone records to trace the couple who had taken Jong Jang to Guandong province , 800 miles away .
But Jong Jang 's father is now paying the price .
He has been ordered to report to his local police station daily - to ensure he does n't make any other unauthorised ' protests ' .
In Britain , it is illegal to buy or sell a child .
But in China it is against the law only to abandon , steal or sell a child - not to buy one .
Though traffickers do sell children , many of them do not think they are doing anything wrong .
Wang
Lee started trading in people in 1985 when he was offered money for his girlfriend .
After his wife died , he sold his toddler son .
" There 's plenty of demand everywhere , " he said .
" You can sell anywhere , anytime .
Demand is n't the problem .
The problem is supply .
" When I started you could hook eight out of ten girls , just by having sex with them .
It was easy to trick them .
Now I 'm not selling women so much , mainly just children .
If it 's a pretty girl then maybe I can get £ 500 or £ 600 .
" But girls who are ugly , you can't give them away .
A boy - goodlooking , a few months old - £ 700 to £ 800 .
But a one or two - year - old boy can fetch an even higher price : £ 1,100 to £ 1,200 .
If the boy 's cute and the buyer is rich , maybe more .
It 's all about negotiation . "
He insists he does not get involved in trading , but acts only as an agent between buyers and sellers .
" I just introduce people .
They do the buying and selling .
I do n't have any other skills and I know how to do this so I 'll continue .
" But I 'm not sure how long I can carry on .
That depends on when the Government solves this issue .
I think there must be something wrong with treating children as goods .
But I can't figure out what it is . "
The trafficker 's attitude , of course , is an uncanny fusion of the callous expedience of the old Communist regime , which ignores human misery in favour of grand social experiments , and the new , capitalist culture of modern China .
" People are being encouraged to make money and , of course , they are going to do it any way they can , " Mr Neumann said .
" While some build factories or sell goods to the newly wealthy , others will sell children , rob or cheat people . "
Meanwhile Beijing has pledged to continue its Single Child Policy at least until 2010 .
And while Chinese state officials can be bribed to officially register stolen children , the black market in human life will continue .
" That 's the thing the Governmentis most guilty of - allowing parentswho have bought children to register them , " explained Mr Neumann .
" Yet they remain so sensitive to criticism that we had to pose as tourists to film undercover , move hotel every three days and change SIM cards after every phone call .
" Had we been caught , our Chinese crew faced eight to ten years in jail . "
He added : " The timing of the film is very interesting because of the comparisons that can be made with the case of Madeleine McCann , " he added .
" The difference between the McCanns and the Chens is that nobody cares .
We always like to think that all children are equal and that a little boy in China has no less right to be cared about than a little boy in England or a girl in Portugal .
" All credit to the McCanns for getting so much newspaper and television coverage to help in the hunt for their daughter .
But what a shame that all the publicity Chen Jie gets is the remains of an A4 poster crumpled up in a puddle somewhere . "
« President Bush at the White House Correspondents ' Dinner | The RCP Vlog Home Page | DNC : " 100 " »
Obama on " Fox News Sunday "
This morning " Fox News Sunday " aired Chris Wallace 's interview with Barack Obama .
The interview took place yesterday in Indiana .
Part 1 :
Part 2 :
Part 3 :
Part 4 :
ozkano
Mesaj Sayısı : 3.486
UzmanMesaj Sayısı : 3.486 C64 Guitar Hero « : Şubat 07 , 2008 , 11:04:26 ÖÖ »
The Shredz64 project is a ( now successful ) attempt to build an interface to connect the Playstation Guitar Hero controller ( and any other PS controller ) to the Commodore 64 computer , then create a Guitar Hero like game on the C64 utilizing the guitar controller .
So far the project has been going well !
As you can see , the interface , which I call the " PSX64 " , is 98 % functional ( There are some tiny bugs which do n't really impact functionality on the whole ) .
Not only are all guitar functions mapped over successfully , but it works great for playing C64 games with a normal dual shock controller .
What 's more , since the same DB9 port is used , the PSX64 can be used on the Amiga , Atari and Sega Master System ( All tested except SMS ) .
Read more about the interface by clicking " PSX64 Interface " on the left .
The Shredz64 game itself is about 2 /3rds done and progressing nicely .
You can read a little more about it by clicking " Shredz64 Game " on the left , and a lot more about it in news .
Most importantly , my journal of latest updates can be found on the " News Updates " page , for those interested .
I do n't have a ton of free time , but I 'm very dedicated to this project , so it will progress , if only just slowly .
Thanks for visiting !
İlginç bi proje dahaThe Shredz64 project is a ( now successful ) attempt to build an interface to connect the Playstation Guitar Hero controller ( and any other PS controller ) to the Commodore 64 computer , then create a Guitar Hero like game on the C64 utilizing the guitar controller .
So far the project has been going well !
As you can see , the interface , which I call the " PSX64 " , is 98 % functional ( There are some tiny bugs which do n't really impact functionality on the whole ) .
Not only are all guitar functions mapped over successfully , but it works great for playing C64 games with a normal dual shock controller .
What 's more , since the same DB9 port is used , the PSX64 can be used on the Amiga , Atari and Sega Master System ( All tested except SMS ) .
Read more about the interface by clicking " PSX64 Interface " on the left .
The Shredz64 game itself is about 2 /3rds done and progressing nicely .
You can read a little more about it by clicking " Shredz64 Game " on the left , and a lot more about it in news .
Most importantly , my journal of latest updates can be found on the " News Updates " page , for those interested .
I do n't have a ton of free time , but I 'm very dedicated to this project , so it will progress , if only just slowly .
Thanks for visiting !
Logged A500 , A500 +, A600 , A1000 , A1200 , A2000,A3000,A4000 , CDTV , CD32,A1 , MacMini , R2HV,C64,48K , Ps , Ps2,Ps3
Xbox , Xbox360 , Nes , Snes , N64,N64Ique , Gamecube , Wii , PcEngine , PcEngineGT , PcEngineDUO , TurboGrafx , NeoGeoAES
NeogeoCD , NeoGeoMVS , NeoGeoPocket , MegaDrive , SegaCD , MultiMega , Saturn , Dreamcast , Jaguar , Lynx , Cps1
Cps2 , System11
Advertisements
Imagine a boat that coasts along almost silently and works completely on free energy .
OK , well , almost free : when it is cloudy out you may have to pedal a bit to get it going .
Still , you get to toss out the pricey gas costs associated with most water cruisers and relax in the sun when the weather is nice and pedal your way to shore when it is n’t .
The idea of using solar and human power to drive vehicles is nothing new but each new design that applies these principles is at least a step in the right direction – away from fossil fuels .
The real key to success in these cases though is the reliability and ease of energy .
Sufficient power storage is a must so that pedaling is kept to a minimum and done only in emergencies .
Perhaps the best part about these designs is that they push the boundaries of current thinking and appropriate green technologies for seemingly everyday uses .
One could envision a small fleet of these replacing rent - a - boats at various tourist destinations around the world .
Also , since all fuel generation is done on - board less physical infrastructure and / or fuel transportation is needed which also makes the entire concept ultimately more sustainable .
Unlike using Windows or OS X , setting up a FreeBSD server is n’t push - button easy .
One ca n’t just pop in the CD and run “ setup , ” and for good reason .
Users need to make some difficult choices about what to install , depending on what they plan to build — whether it ’s a mail , file , web , or network server .
No Starch Press has released its eagerly awaited Building a Server with FreeBSD 7 .
This modular guide to building a FreeBSD server is carefully designed to make it easy for users to choose the packages that they need , with step - by - step directions for installation and configuration .
Hong ’s straightforward style makes it easy for the do - it - yourself crowd to build a server quickly using the ports collection ( a software package management system ) .
But rather than wade through the thousands of ports available , Hong focuses on the most popular and useful ones .
Each package is treated as an independent project ( and given a difficulty rating ) , so readers can dip into the book at any point to install just the packages they need , when they need them .
The book ’s modules cover topics like :
Running common FreeBSD admin commands and tasks .
Managing the FreeBSD ports collection .
Installing third - party apps like Apache , Courier - IMAP , SpamAssassin , CUPS , Cyrus SASL , MediaWiki , and WordPress .
Setting up MySQL , NTP , ISC DHCP , ISC BIND DNS , PHP , OpenLDAP , OpenSSH , OpenSSL , and OpenVPN .
Appendixes explain user management , backup / restore , and network protocols .
Building a Server with FreeBSD 7 will have readers running their own server loaded with useful modules in no time , with a minimum of hassle .
I ’ve got another crazy - weird setTimeout / setInterval behavior that you may not know about .
However , unlike my previous discovery , this one may actually be useful .
Observe the following , seemingly innocuous , code :
var count = 0 ; var interval = setInterval ( function ( off ) { document.body.innerHTML
+= " " + off ; if ( ++ count == 10 ) clearInterval ( interval ) ; } , 100 ) ;
In particular pay attention to the use of the first argument within the callback function .
Running this code in any browser , but a Mozilla based one , will give you the expected “ undefined undefined undefined … ” .
However , running the code in Firefox gives you some interesting results – something like the following :
Results : 4 - 8 - 7 - 3 6 1 - 1 -3 0 0
What are these numbers ?
Simply , they represent the time , in milliseconds , the callback was called away from the desired callback rate .
In the above results the first call was called at 104ms , the second 92 ms later , the third 93 ms later – and so on .
The immediate advantage to this is in the ability to create ultra-precise animations and renderings .
Typically , in order to do this , you would have to keep running logs of the timer calls ( restricted by the extra overhead of the JavaScript execution ) .
Whereas with this extra offset information you can easily determine the exact timer differences , as specified by the browser .
I ’m curious to see how this could be used .
Timer quality analysis ?
Detecting simultaneous timer execution ?
Dunno – there ’s definitely potential , though .
For the past few years I 've heard a lot of hype about dynamic programming languages like Python and Ruby .
The word on the street has been that their dynamic nature makes developers more productive that those of us shackled to statically typed languages like C# and Java .
A couple of weeks ago I decided to take the plunge and start learning Python after spending the past few years doing the majority of my software development in C# .
I learned that it was indeed true that you could get things the same stuff done in far less lines of Python than you could in C# .
Since it is a general truism in the software industry that the number of bugs per thousand lines of code is constant irrespective of programming language , the more you can get done in fewer lines of code , the less defects you will have in your software .
Shortly after I started using Python regularly as part of the prototyping process for developing new features for RSS Bandit , I started trying out C# 3.0 .
I quickly learned that a lot of the features I 'd considered as language bloat a couple of months ago actually made a lot of sense if you 're familiar with the advantages of dynamic and functional programming approaches to the tasks of software development .
In addition , C# 3.0 actually fixed one of the problems I 'd encountered in my previous experience with a dynamic programming language while in college .
Why I Disliked Dynamism : Squeak Smalltalk
Back in my college days I took one of Mark Guzdial 's classes which involved a group programming project using Squeak Smalltalk .
At the time , I got the impression that Squeak was composed of a bunch of poorly documented libraries cobbled together from the top graded submissions to assignments from Mark 's class .
What was particularly frustrating about the lack of documentation was that even looking at method prototypes gave no insight into how to call a particular library .
For example , here 's an example of a SalariedEmployee class taken from an IBM SmallTalk tutorial
" A subclass of Employee that adds protocol needed for employees with salaries " Employee subclass : # SalariedEmployee instanceVariableNames : ' position salary ' classVariableNames : ' ' poolDictionaries : ' ' ! !
SalariedEmployee publicMethods !
position : aString position := aString !
position ^position !
salary : n salary := n ! salary ^salary ! !
In the example above , there is a method called salary ( ) that takes a parameter n whose type we do n't know .
n could be a string , an integer or a floating point number .
If you are using the SalariedEmployee class in your code and want to set the employee 's salary , the only way to find out what to pass in is to grep through the code and find out how the method is being used by others .
You can imagine how frustrating it gets when every time you want to perform a basic task like perform a Web request you have to grep around trying to figure out if the url parameter you pass to the Http classes is a string , a Uri class or some oter random thing you have n't encountered yet .
For a long time , this was my only experience with a dynamic programming language and I thought it sucked ... a lot .
Why I Grew to Love Dynamism : XML and C #
The first half of my career at Microsoft was spent working on the XML team which was responsible for the core XML processing APIs that are utilized by the majority of Microsoft 's product line .
One of the things that was so cool about XML was that it enabled data formats to be as strongly structured or semi-structured depending on the needs of the application .
This flexibility is what gives us data formats like the Atom syndication format which although rigidly structured in parts ( e.g. atom : entry elements MUST contain exactly one atom : id element , etc ) also supports semi-structured data ( e.g. atom : content can contain blocks of XHTML ) and enables distributed extensibility where anyone on the Web is free to extend the data format as long as they place their extensions in the right namespace .
However one problem we repeatedly bumped against is that data formats that can have unknown data types show up in them at runtime bump up against the notion of static typing that is a key aspect of languages in C# .
I 've written about this in the past in posts such as What 's Right and Wrong with Code Generation in Web Services which is excerpted below
Another problem is that the inflexible and rigid requirements of static typing systems runs counter to the distributed and flexible nature of the Web .
I posted a practical example a few years ago in my post entitled Why You Should Avoid Using Enumerated Types in XML Web Services .
In that example , I pointed out that if you have a SOAP Web Service that returns an enumeration with the possible value { CDF , RSS10 , RSS20 } and in a future release modify that enumeration by adding a new syndication format {
CDF , RSS10 , RSS20 , Atom } then even if you never return that syndication format to old clients written in .NET , these clients will still have to be recompiled because of the introduction of a new enumeration value .
I find it pretty ridiculous that till today I have list of " people we need to call and tell to recompile their code whenever we change an enum value in any of our SOAP Web Services " .
I came to the realization that some degree of dynamism is desirable especially when dealing with the loosely coupled world of distributed programming on the Web .
I eventually decided to ignore my earlier misgivings and start exploring dynamic programming languages .
I chose IronPython because I could focus on learning the language while relying on the familiar .
NET Framework class library when I wanted to deal with necessary tasks like file I/O or Web requests .
After getting up to speed with Python and then comparing it to C# 2.0 , it was clear that the dynamic features of Python made my life as a programmer a lot easier .
However something interesting happened along the way .
Microsoft shipped C# 3.0 around the same time I started delving into Python .
As I started investigating C# 3.0 , I discovered that almost all the features I 'd fallen in love with in Python which made my life as a developer easier had been integrated into C# .
In addition , there was also a feature which is considered to be a killer feature of the Ruby programming language which also made it into C# 3.0 .
Python vs. C# 3.0 : Lambda Expressions
According to the Wikipedia entry on Dynamic Programming Languages
There are several mechanisms closely associated with the concept of dynamic programming .
None are essential to the classification of a language as dynamic , but most can be found in a wide variety of such languages .
...
Higher - order functions
However , Erik Meijer and Peter Drayton caution that any language capable of loading executable code at runtime is capable of eval in some respect , even when that code is in the form of dynamically linked shared libraries of machine code .
They suggest that higher - order functions are the true measure of dynamic programming , and some languages " use eval as a poor man 's substitute for higher - order functions . " [ 1 ]
The capability of a programming language to treat functions as first class objects that can be the input (s ) or the output (s ) of a function call is a key feature of many of today 's popular " dynamic " programming languages .
Additionally , creating a short hand syntax where anonymous blocks of code can be treated as function objects is now commonly known as " lambda expressions " .
Although C# has had functions as first class objects since version 1.0 with delegates and introduced anonymous delegates in C# 2.0 , it is in C# 3.0 where the short hand syntax of lambda expressions has found its way into the language .
Below are source code excerpts showing the difference between the the lambda expression functionality in C# and IronPython
C# Code // decide what filter function to use depending on mode Func < RssItem , bool > filterFunc = null ; if ( mode == MemeMode . PopularInPastWeek ) filterFunc = x => ( DateTime .
Now - x .
Date < one_week ) ; else filterFunc = x => x .
Read == false ; IronPython Code #decide what filter function to use depending on mode
filterFunc = mode and ( lambda x : ( DateTime .
Now - x . date ) < one_week ) or ( lambda x : x . read == 0 )
Although the functionality is the same , it takes a few more lines of code to express the same idea in C# 3.0 than in Python .
The main reason for this is due to the strong and static typing requirements in C# .
Ideally developers should be able to write code like
Func< RssItem , bool > filterFunc = ( mode == MemeMode.PopularInPastWeek ? x => ( DateTime .
Now - x. Date < one_week ) : x => x.read == false ) ;
However this does n’t work because the compiler cannot determine whether each of the lambda expressions that can be returned by the conditional expression are of the same type .
Despite the limitations due to the static and strong typing requirements of C# , the lambda expression feature in C# 3.0 is extremely powerful .
You do n’t have to take my word for it .
Read Joel Spolsky ’s Can Your Programming Language Do This ?
and Peter Norvig ’s Design Patterns in Dynamic Programming .
Peter Norvig ’s presentation makes a persuasive argument that a number of the Gang of Four ’s Design Patterns either require a lot less code or are simply unneeded in a dynamic programming language that supports higher order functions .
For example , he argues that the Strategy pattern does not need separate classes for each algorithm in a dynamic language and that closures eliminate the need for Iterator classes .
Read the entire presentation , it is interesting and quite illuminating .
Python vs. C# 3.0 : List Comprehensions vs. Language Integrated Query
A common programming task is to iterate over a list of objects and either filter or transform the objects in the list thus creating a new list .
Python has list comprehensions as a way of simplifying this common programming task .
Below is an excerpt from An Introduction to Python by Guido van Rossum on list expressions
List comprehensions provide a concise way to create lists without resorting to use of map ( ) , filter ( ) and / or lambda .
The resulting list definition tends often to be clearer than lists built using those constructs .
Each list comprehension consists of an expression followed by a for clause , then zero or more for or if clauses .
The result will be a list resulting from evaluating the expression in the context of the for and if clauses which follow it .
Below is a code sample showing how list comprehensions can be used to first transform a list of objects ( i.e. XML nodes ) to another ( i.e. RSS items ) and then how the resulting list can be further filtered to those from a particular date .
IronPython Code # for each item in feed
# convert each < item > to an RssItem object then apply filter to pick candidate items
items = [ MakeRssItem ( node ) for node in doc .
SelectNodes ( " //item " ) ]
filtered Items = [ item for item in items if filterFunc ( item ) ]
My friend Erik Meijer once observed that certain recurring programming patterns become more obvious as a programming language evolves , these patterns first become encapsulated by APIs and eventually become part of the programming language ’s syntax .
This is what happened in the case of the Python ’s map ( ) and filter ( ) functions which eventually gave way to list comprehensions .
C# 3.0 does something similar but goes a step further .
In C# 3.0 , the language designers made the observation that performing SQL - like projection and selection is really the common operation and not just filtering / mapping of lists .
This lead to Language Integrated Query ( LINQ ) .
Below is the same filtering operation on a list of XML nodes performed using C# 3.0
C# 3.0 Code // for each item in feed // convert each < item > to an RssItem object then apply filter to pick candidate items var items = from rssitem in ( from itemnode in doc .
Descendants ( " item " ) select MakeRssItem( itemnode ) ) where filterFunc( rssitem ) select rssitem ;
These are two fundamentally different approaches to tackling the same problem .
Where LINQ really shines is when it is combined with custom data sources that have their own query languages such as with LINQ to SQL and LINQ to XML which map the query operations to SQL and XPath queries respectively .
Python vs. C# 3.0 : Tuples and Dynamic Typing vs. Anonymous Types and Type Inferencing
As I ’ve said before , tuples are my favorite Python feature .
I ’ve found tuples useful in situations where I have to temporarily associate two or three objects and do n’t want to go through the hassle of creating a new class just to represent the temporary association between these types .
I ’d heard that a new feature in C# 3.0 called anonymous types which seemed like it would be just what I need to fix this pet peeve once and for all .
The description of the feature is as follows
Anonymous types are a convenient language feature of C# and VB that enable developers to concisely define inline CLR types within code , without having to explicitly define a formal class declaration of the type .
I assumed this feature in combination with the var keyword would make it so I would no longer miss Python tuples when I worked with C#.
However I was wrong .
Let ’s compare two equivalent blocks of code in C# and IronPython .
Pay particular attention to the highlighed lines
IronPython Code for item in filtered Items :
vote = ( voteFunc ( item ) , item , feedTitle ) #add a vote for each of the URLs
for url in item .
outgoing_links .
Keys :
if all_links .
get ( url ) == None :
all_links [ url ] = [ ]
all_links .
get ( url ) . append ( vote )
# tally the votes , only 1 vote counts per feed
weighted_links = [ ]
for link , votes in all_links .
items ( ) :
site = { }
for weight , item , feedTitle in votes :
site [ feedTitle ] = min ( site .
get ( feedTitle , 1 ) , weight )
weighted_links .
append ( ( sum ( site .
values ( ) ) , link ) )
weighted_links . sort ( )
weighted_links .
reverse ( )
The key things to note about the above code block are ( i ) the variable named vote is a tuple of three values ; the numeric weight given to a link received from a particular RSS item , an RSS item and the title of the feed Python and ( ii ) the items in the tuple can be unpacked into individual variables when looping over the contents of the tuple in a for loop .
Here ’s the closest I could come in C# 3.0
C# 3.0 Code // calculate vote for each outgoing url foreach ( RssItem item in items ) { var vote = new Vote ( ) { Weight = voteFunc( item ) , Item = item , FeedTitle = feedTitle } ; // add a vote for each of the URLs foreach ( var url in item .
OutgoingLinks . Keys ) { List < Vote > value = null ; if ( ! all_links .
TryGetValue ( url , out value ) ) value = all_links [url ] = new List < Vote > ( ) ; value .
Add ( vote ) ; } } // foreach ( RssItem item in items ) // tally the votes List < RankedLink > weighted_links = new List < RankedLink > ( ) ; foreach ( var link_n_votes in all_links ) { Dictionary < string , double > site = new Dictionary < string , double > ( ) ; foreach ( var vote in link_n_votes .
Value ) { double oldweight ; site [ vote .
FeedTitle ] = site .
TryGetValue ( vote .
FeedTitle , out oldweight ) ?
Math .
Min( oldweight , vote .
Weight ) : vote .
Weight ; } weighted_links .
Add ( new RankedLink ( ) {Score = site .
Values . Sum ( ) , Url = link_n_votes .
Key} ) ; } weighted_links .
Sort (( x , y ) => y .
Score .
CompareTo(x . Score ) ) ;
The relevant line above is
var vote = new Vote ( ) { Weight=voteFunc( item ) , Item=item , FeedTitle=feedTitle } ;
which I had INCORRECTLY assumed I would be able to write as
var vote = new { Weight=voteFunc( item ) , Item=item , FeedTitle=feedTitle } ;
In Python , dynamic typing is all about the developer knowing what types they are working with while the compiler is ignorant about the data types .
However type inferencing in C# supports the opposite scenario , when the compiler knows the data types but the developer does not .
The specific problem here is that if I place an anonymous type in a list , I have no way of knowing what the data type of the object I ’m pulling out of the list will be .
So I will either have to interact with them as instances of System .
Object when popped from the list which makes them pretty useless or access their fields via reflection .
Python does n’t have this problem because I do n’t need to know the type of an object to interact with it , I just need to know how what properties / fields and methods it supports .
At the end of the day , I realized that the var keyword is really only useful when constructing anonymous types as a result of LINQ expressions .
In every other instance where it is acceptable to use var , you have to know the type of the object anyway so all you are doing is saving keystrokes by using it .
Hmmmm .
Ruby vs. C# 3.0 : Extension Methods
Extension methods is a fairly disconcerting feature that has been made popular by the Ruby programming language .
The description of the feature is excerpted below
Extension methods allow developers to add new methods to the public contract of an existing CLR type , without having to sub-class it or recompile the original type .
Extension Methods help blend the flexibility of " duck typing " support popular within dynamic languages today with the performance and compile - time validation of strongly - typed languages .
I consider this feature to be the new incarnation of operator overloading .
Operator overloading became widely reviled because it made code harder to read because you could n’t just look at a code block and know what it does if you did n’t know how the operators had been implemented .
Similarly , looking at an excerpt of C# code you may not realize that everything is n’t what it seems .
I spent several minutes being confused today because I could n’t get the line
XAttribute read_node = itemnode .
XPathEvaluate ( "//@*[local - name ( ) = ' read ' ] " ) as XAttribute ;
to compile .
It turns out that XPathEvaluate is an extension method and you need to import the System .
Xml. XPath namespace into your project before the XPathEvaluate ( ) method shows up as a method in the XElement class .
I ’ve heard the arguments that Ruby makes it easier to express programmer intent and although I can see how XElement .
XPathEvaluate ( string ) is a more readable choice than XPathQueryEngine .
Evaluate ( XElement , string ) if you want to perform an XPath query on an XElement object , for now I think the readability issues it causes by hiding dependencies is n’t worth it .
I wonder if any Ruby developers out there with a background in other dynamic languages that do n’t have that feature ( e.g. Python ) care to offer a counter opinion based on their experience ?
FINAL THOUGHTS
C# has added features that make it close to being on par with the expressiveness of functional and dynamic programming languages .
The only thing missing is dynamic typing ( not duck typing ) , which I ’ve come to realize is has a lot more going for it than lots of folks in the strongly and statically typed world would care to admit .
At first , I had expected that after getting up to speed with C# 3.0 , I ’d lose interest in Python but that is clearly not the case .
I love the REPL , I love the flexibility that comes from having natural support tuples in the language and I love the more compact syntax .
I guess I ’ll be doing a lot more coding in Python in 2008 .
Now Playing : Da Back Wudz - U Gonna Love Me
9/11 : Israel 's Grand Deception
by JONATHAN AZAZIAH
When an event occurs that changes the dynamics of the geopolitical spectrum , there is only one question that needs to be asked , no matter what kind of information is being force - fed to the public by the Zionist media :
Who does this event benefit ?
The answer to this question is always : The Zionist elite .
The official story presented to the masses in the laughable ( and criminally false ) 9/11 Commission Report , overseen by Zionist Philip Zelikow , is so dubious and so nonsensical in its arrogance , it is truly amazing that the story was swallowed by the world ’s population as truth to begin with .
It does n’t take a scientist , an architect , or an engineer to determine that something else other than planes brought down the Twin Towers and Building 7 at free fall speed on that infamous day .
Al Qaeda , Arabic for “ The Base ” because it was the CIA ’s base of operations in Afghanistan , was not behind the September Eleventh attacks , the Mossad and its Zionist criminal network were .
More
Ian McKellar gave a presentation on the Songbird media player at LugRadio Live this past weekend .
The talk introduced some of the underlying goals behind the Songbird project and included a demonstration of some of the core technologies in the Songbird media player .
Songbird is an open source media client with tight web integration that is designed by Pioneers of the Inevitable , a San Francisco - based company whose previous efforts include WinAmp and the Yahoo Music Engine .
Songbird is still in early stages of development , but is already quite usable on the desktop .
Version 0.5 was released late last month with MTP device support and user interface improvements .
The Songbird developers aim to create an open ecosystem for media technologies that will liberate users from the closed end - to - end media solutions offered by Microsoft and Apple .
The monolithic media architectures used by those companies , which tie music stores to specific software players and specific devices , have stifled creativity and innovation .
Songbird gives users a way to escape from vendor lock - in and also creates the potential for more competition and innovation in media services and digital content distribution .
" There are a few major players in the market right now and the users are left out in the cold , " said McKeller .
" We need a way that we can build services to do exciting new media stuff , but built on open standards and built on open source — the stuff that empowers users and developers and builds better creativity . "
New protocols like BitTorrent make it easier for independent content creators to distribute material .
There are also increasingly popular labels like Matador which eschew RIAA membership and sell DRM - free music .
These factors have led to the emergence of an independent , web - driven music ecosystem that exists outside of Apple 's walled garden , but there is no equivalent of iTunes to bring all of the pieces together .
That is where Songbird fits into the picture .
" The missing piece is the user agent , " McKellar told the audience .
" We need a Mosaic or Mozilla for the media web . "
Ian McKellar at LugRadio Live
Inspired by Mozilla 's model of Internet empowerment , the Songbird developers " took a web browser and a media player and stitched them together , " so that users could " browse [ their ] music and play the web , " McKellar stated .
Songbird is built on a variety of open source technologies , including Firefox 's Gecko rendering engine and the GStreamer multimedia framework .
The Songbird developers are active upstream contributors and have been working with Fluendo and Collabora to improve cross-platform GStreamer support so that the framework can be used across all operating systems and leverage native codecs on Mac OS X and Windows .
The Songbird media player uses Firefox 's XML - based XUL user interface description language to provide a very high level of extensibility .
Some popular Firefox extensions can be ported to Songbird with only a few lines of code , said McKellar , and new extensions can be created to customize many aspects of the music player .
It even supports Greasemonkey , which enables users to add specialized functionality with JavaScript .
Support for extensions makes it possible for users to swap out parts of the default interface with custom interface components that better suit their requirements .
To demonstrate this , McKellar showed how the default artist and album browser could be replaced with a tag cloud interface .
He also demonstrated an extension that displays a Wikipedia page with information about the musician of the currently playing song .
" The goal is to give people context around the music they are playing , " said McKellar .
Songbird also includes built - in web browsing capabilities and offers a unique page API that enables web content creators to interact with the media player .
When given permission by the user , web sites can use the Songbird page API to retrieve information about currently playing tracks , create playlists , and interact with the user 's media experience in other ways .
Some independent labels like Matador even use the APIs to turn Songbird into a user - friendly music store for their content .
Since these capabilities are all documented , anyone can use Songbird as a platform for building new content distribution channels and innovative web - based media services .
Although Songbird is very promising , the player itself is still relatively new and will require some additional work .
The developers intend to focus on improving performance , usability , device support , and music management capabilities .
Nick Garvan of the Thames Valley Police , London , is skeptical about the purported number of security cameras in the UK .
He says that the often quoted number of more than four million was based on a single study in 2002 which took its numbers from a single London street and scaled them up .
He has not given an alternative figure .
He and the ACPO ( Association of Chief Police Officers ) do , however , want to commandeer the existing cameras operated by local councils ( around 30,000 of them ) .
They also want to tie these together into cohesive network , coupled with a national facial recognition database .
Garvan , somewhat ironically given his plans , said :
Any perception on the part of the public that there is some kind of Orwellian infrastructure sitting behind society where these cameras are terribly well integrated and joined up as part of the surveillance state is entirely wrong .
I guess that might soon change .
UK CCTV numbers ' may be over - stated ' [ The Register ]
Photo : Takomabibelot / Flickr
VIENNA ( Reuters ) - Global oceans are soaking up less carbon dioxide , a development that could speed up the greenhouse effect and have an impact for the next 1,500 years , scientists said on Wednesday .
The sun sets as a fisherman casts his line in the Pacific Ocean while sitting on a surfboard off the coast of Cardiff , California April 1 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
Research from a five - year project funded by the European Union showed the North Atlantic , which along with the Antarctic is of the world ’s two vital ocean carbon sinks , is absorbing only half the amount of CO2 that it did in the mid-1990s .
Using recent detailed data , scientists said the amount absorbed is also fluctuating each year , making it hard to predict how and whether the trend will continue and if oceans will be able to perform their vital balancing act in the future .
Oceans soak up around a quarter of annual CO2 emissions , but should they fail to do so in the future the gas would stay in the atmosphere and could accelerate the greenhouse effect , a prospect project director Christoph Heinze called “ alarming ” .
Oceans are like a “ slow - mixing machine ” .
Carbon absorbed in the North Atlantic takes around 1,500 years to circulate around the world ’s seas .
This means changes to their fragile balance could be felt long into the future , Heinze said at a geoscience conference in Vienna .
Scientists are still debating the reasons why oceans are absorbing less carbon dioxide .
While some point to CO2 saturation , others say it could be caused by a change in surface water circulation , triggered by changes in weather cycles .
Heinze described a “ bottleneck effect ” because of the large amount of manmade carbon dioxide oceans already store .
“ The more CO2 the oceans store , the more difficult it will be for them to take up the additional load from the atmosphere and carbon absorption will stagnate even further , ” Heinze said .
Some forms of sea life have suffered from the large amounts of CO2 absorbed , because of changes in acidity levels .
“ The seafloor is becoming an increasingly hostile environment , ” said Marion Gehlen , from the Laboratory of Climate and Environment Science in France .
“ This corrosive water means mollusc organisms have a hard time making their shells and eventually they might not be able to do it at all . ”
For the scientists there is only one thing humans can do to resolve the problem -- reduce emissions by at least 75 percent .
“ We must act now .
The good news is that while the negative effects can last a long time , the good things we do will also have an effect for the next 1,500 years , ” Heinze said .
“ It ’s cheap and it ’s possible to do this but people must have the will to do it . ”
A company , whose head is the former chairman of the Maryland Republican Party and is on Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign steering committee , has won a contract from Diebold to deliver its voting machines on Election Day to precincts in 14 Maryland voting districts .
I filed this story on the deal for Wired 's front door .
The trucking firm , Office Movers , is owned by the family - run Kane Company , whose CEO and president is John M. Kane , chairman of the Republican Party in Maryland from 2002 until December 2006 and pictured at right with President Bush .
Last November , Kane joined the steering committee for Republican presidential nominee candidate Mitt Romney , who won Tuesday 's primary in Michigan .
Diebold Election Systems ( now called Premier Election Solutions ) has a statewide contract in Maryland .
Its paperless touch - screen machines are the only machines used at Maryland polling locations ( absentee and provisional ballots are cast on the company 's optical - scan system ) .
According to Diebold 's state contract , the voting machine vendor is in charge of delivering its machines from warehouses to polling places on Election Day and with picking up the machines after the election .
Diebold has subcontracted part of that task to Office Movers to deliver machines for the February 12th primary and November general election in 14 of the state 's 24 voting districts , including the state 's largest county , Montgomery County .
The news surprised a voting activism group in Maryland and raises some concerns about possible conflict of interest and election integrity .
The story does n't mention it , but in addition to Kane 's political connections , his wife Mary was a political appointee in Maryland in 2005 .
She was appointed secretary of state that year by then - governor Robert L. Ehrlich , Jr. , a Republican .
Ehrlich , who was elected in 2002 , became the first Republican to hold that office since the mid-1960s .
Shortly after his election , he appointed John Kane to head the state Republican Party .
Photo : Johnkane.net
See also :
Editors atmagazine , the leading video game industry publication , have released the results of its seventh annual Game Developer Salary Survey , calculating an average American game industry salary in 2007 of $ 73,600 , slightly up from 2006 's figure of $ 73,316 .
Highlights of specific findings per category for the survey , which is the only major publicly released analysis of salaries in the worldwide video game industry , and is available in further detail in the newly published and pictured April 2008 issue of Game Developer magazine , include :- Programming : programmers are the highest paid talent next to high - end businesspeople , with an average annual salary of $ 83,383 .
They are also among the highest educated group ; 50 % hold bachelor 's degrees and about 26 % have some graduate work . -
Art & Animation : artists - averaging a $ 66,594 salary - are also a well trained group , with 66 % reporting at least a bachelor 's degree .
The percentage of artists with six or more years of experience increased to 40 % , up 5 % over last year , as industry workers matured . - Game Design : Averaging $ 63,649 , design positions sprouted an average $ 2,111 over last year , with writers new to the industry up by $ 6,000 to an average of $ 51,731 .
In addition , Game Developer surveyed community managers for the first time , with an average salary of $ 50,294 for the increasingly important job function . -
Production : of all the game development disciplines , production - with an salary average overall of $ 78,716 - seems to be one of the most welcoming to women , with 18 % of the workforce made up of females .
The discipline as a whole saw an above - average , though somewhat marginal $ 1,585 bump from last year . - Quality Assurance : testers with less than three years experience make up the largest percentage of this segment .
Quality assurance is the lowest paid of the game development disciplines , averaging $ 39,063 , and also receives the least in additional compensation - although Q/ A leads with more than 6 years of experience average a salary of $ 70,658 . - Audio : sound designers as a group earned more than they did in 2006 , up $ 3,474 on average over last year to $ 73,409 .
Interestingly , 40 % of those in the game audio industry have been working there for 6 years or more - more than the 36 % for game design , but less than the 51 % for production . -
Business & Marketing : the business field as a whole remains the highest compensated group in game development - with an average salary of $ 101,848 - and also receives the highest amount of additional compensation .
However , salaries vary significantly between individual job titles in this section , with experienced executives making the most of any individual section in the entire survey - at $ 132,305 average for more than 6 years experience .
" Our Salary Survey continues to provide canonical information on the state of game pay , " Simon Carless , publisher of Game Developer magazine , said .
" We hope the data presented by Game Developer magazine will serve to both encourage aspiring developers , as well as focus the attention of increasingly important new industry positions such as community managers .
" A majorly extended version of the " Game Developer Salary Survey , " including much more detailed U.S. regional and growth data for year - over - year results from 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , and 2007 , plus international information from Canada and Europe , is now available for purchase through Game Developer Research - more information is available at the official Game Developer Research website :
While the average U.S. salary for the year was $ 73,600 , additional information given to Gamasutra from Game Developer 's editor indicate that the average European salary for 2007 across all disciplines was $ 52,408 - and the same average across all Canadian provinces is $ 63,731 . ]
Exit Polls : Obama Makes Big Gains in Clinton 's Core Support Women and seniors dominate the Dem vote ; white men , conservatives on GOP side .
Feb. 19 , 2008  -- Barack Obama beat Hillary Clinton in some of her core support groups , trounced her on electability and rode broad support from independents to victory in Wisconsin , while John McCain gained ground among conservatives in winning his party 's primary .
Clinton struggled in her base groups -- barely winning white women , losing less - educated and lower - income voters -- while Obama swept up younger voters , winning those under 30 by one of his biggest margins yet .
He beat by Clinton by 31 points among independents in Wisconsin 's open primary , as well as by 7 points among Democrats .
Clinton Struggles , Obama Soars
Although Wisconsin Democrats were least likely to say " electability " was the most important candidate attribute , they also identified Obama , not Clinton , as most likely to win in November , by 63 - 37 percent .
The winning attribute , meanwhile , was " change , " and as usual Obama owned it , prevailing among those voters by 77 - 22 percent .
Clinton also came in for criticism on negative campaigning ; 54 percent said she attacked unfairly ; far fewer , 34 percent , said Obama did so .
And while 82 percent said they'd be satisfied with Obama as the nominee , fewer , 68 percent , said that about Clinton .
Wisconsin was one of the least racially mixed states Obama 's won ; of those in his column where exit polls were conducted , only Utah , Iowa , and Connecticut were as predominantly white .
( Obama won 91 percent of blacks , who accounted for 8 percent of voters in the Wisconsin Democratic primary . )
Cutting to Clinton's Core
Indeed Clinton won white women by only a 5 - point margin , 52 - 47 percent ; she 's done less well in this group only in four previous primaries , losing them in New Mexico and Obama 's home state of Illinois , and splitting them in Utah and Iowa .
Obama , meanwhile , prevailed by a wide margin among men , 67 - 31 percent .
His win among white men , 63 - 34 percent , was surpassed only in Utah .
Less -educated whites have been a core group for Clinton ; in previous primaries combined she 's won those who lack a college degree by 30 points , while Obama 's won college - educated whites .
In Wisconsin , however , Obama won less - educated whites , 52 - 47 percent , while crushing Clinton among the better - educated .
That is Obama 's best showing among less - educated whites in any primary to date .
Income told a similar story :
The two evenly divided white voters with household incomes under $ 50,000 .
Clinton previously failed to win whites at that income level only in Illinois , Utah , and New Mexico .
Young Voters Strike
By age , the most striking result was Obama 's huge victory among voters under 30 ; he won them by 70 - 26 percent .
( He 's done as well or better in this group only in Georgia , Utah and Virginia . )
Under 30s accounted for 16 percent of Wisconsin Democratic voters , up from 11 percent in 2004 and a bigger share than in most previous primaries this year .
He also won middle - aged voters by a better - than - usual margin , while majority support for Clinton was isolated to senior citizens ( customarily her best group , but by less a margin in Wisconsin than in previous primaries ) .
Twenty - eight percent of Democratic voters were independents , and nearly one in 10 were Republicans taking advantage of the open primary rules to vote in the Democratic contest .
Turnout by both groups was about the same as in 2004 .
McCain Makes Conservative Progress
On the Republican side , exit poll results indicated progress for McCain on the ideological front ; he won conservatives , albeit by a narrow 48 - 44 percent ; previously he'd won this group only in Maryland , New Jersey and New York ( and split them in Illinois ) .
McCain won 39 percent of " very " conservative voters , his best showing in that group to date .
As usual , moderates carried him home ; he won them by 70 - 25 percent .
McCain 's improvement among conservatives , however , did not include evangelicals : Mike Huckabee , a Baptist minister , won them by 56 - 36 percent .
McCain 's support among evangelicals was about average for him ; he was helped by the fact that they accounted for many fewer GOP voters , 38 percent , than in the Southern states Huckabee has won .
There were other examples of McCain 's continued challenges in the Republican base .
Forty - two percent said he 's " not conservative enough . "
Voters by a wide margin were most attracted to a candidate who " shares my values , " and Huckabee won them by 53 - 36 percent .
And Republicans who most strongly oppose abortion , saying it should be illegal in all cases , went for Huckabee by more than 2 - 1 , 64 - 30 percent
At the same time McCain easily prevailed as the candidate most likely to improve U.S. relations with the rest of the world , and , by a 6 - 1 margin , as the one most likely to beat the Democratic nominee in the general election in November .
Species : making analytic functors practical for functional programming
Jacques Carette and Gordon Uszkay
Abstract
Inspired by Joyal�s theory of species , we show how to add new type constructors and constructor combinators to the tool set of functional languages .
We show that all the important properties of inductive types lift to this new setting .
Species are analytic functors , representing a broader range of structures than regular functors .
This includes structures such as bags , cycles and graphs .
The theory is greatly inspired by combinatorics rather than type theory : this adds interesting new tools to bear , but also requires more work on our part to show that species form a good foundations for a theory of type constructors .
The combinatorial tools provide a calculus for these structures which has strong links with classical analysis , via a functorial interpretation of generating series .
Furthermore , we show how generic programming idioms also generalise to this richer setting .
Once the theory is understood , various methods of implementation are relatively straightforward .
Paper
The ( submitted ) paper is available in PDF .
All comments are very welcome !
( carette AT mcmaster DOT ca )
The Haskell code that accompanies the paper will be posted here later , after it has been cleaned up some .
Also forthcoming are some Maple worksheets using the combstruct package to show how the combinatorial parts as well as the automated test generation aspects work .
The 17 brand new cottage - style condos near downtown San Jose were supposed to sell swiftly , especially since they were priced to be affordable to low - and moderate - income people , and the developer offers generous loan programs for first - time buyers .
But in the eight months since the for - sale signs went up on West Alma Avenue at Almaden Avenue , only one condominium has sold , even though the developer , non-profit Neighborhood Housing Services Silicon Valley , has cut prices twice .
With home buyers reluctant to buy in a declining market , even non-profit developers who aim to provide affordable housing to the valley ’s lower - income residents are getting hammered by conditions in the real estate market .
“ No doubt this property would have sold out in four to six months but for the subprime debacle , ” said Ed Moncrief , executive director of Neighborhood Housing Services Silicon Valley , the developer and home - buyer assistance organization that spent the past four years and nearly $ 10 million bringing the 17 - unit project , Villa Almendra , to market .
“ We hit the market just as the realization of some gray cloud over the future hit . ”
Two - bedroom condos at Villa Almendra once priced at $ 535,000 now are offered at $ 450,000 .
The units come with new appliances , two - car garages and granite countertops .
But Moncrief ’s group is facing stiff competition from others .
Developer Barry Swenson Builder , for example , has new studio condos nearby starting at $ 294,000 , and there are single - family houses selling for less than $ 450,000 in some East Side and South San Jose neighborhoods .
Desperate to sell , the non -profit now is willing to accept offers from any buyers , not just those who need the special loan programs .
And the group will give away a 2008 Toyota Prius in a random drawing to one of the first eight buyers who close escrow before September .
Still , Moncrief hopes his organization ’s financing programs will make his project more attractive than the others .
Neighborhood Housing offers 30 - year fixed mortgages at below - market rates through the California Housing Finance Agency , and a variety of deferred - payment second mortgages that can significantly reduce borrowers ’ monthly expenses .
But few are biting .
A low - income first - time buyer in Santa Clara County – making no more than $ 84,900 annually for a family of four , for example – could potentially qualify for roughly $ 146,000 worth of deferred repayment loans to buy a unit for $ 545,000 .
While the borrower would have to put down close to $ 16,000 , monthly principal and interest payments on the primary mortgage of about $ 382,000 would be a little more than $ 2,300 , but no repayment would be due on the deferred loans until the home is sold .
Loan programs also benefit “ moderate ” income buyers , those making up to $ 126,600 for a family of four , for example .
Other affordable - housing developers in the Bay Area are hunting for buyers , too .
They ’re anxious to raise money to pay back their construction loans and worried about financing future projects given today ’s credit market challenges .
South County Housing , a non-profit developer and property manager for affordable housing , last weekend auctioned some of its unsold units at Forest Park , a development in downtown Gilroy .
Bids started at $ 295,000 ; some townhouses were priced at $ 519,000 last fall .
“ It ’s a really tough time , ” said Nancy Wright , a senior project manager for South County Housing .
“ The credit issues are so widespread , everyone is being affected . ”
The units at Villa Almendra went up for sale in August 2007 , just as the credit crunch hit Wall Street and consumers ’ confidence plunged .
Attendance fell at the non -profit ’s once - crowded buyer orientation sessions , and by the holidays the group knew it had a problem .
“ It was noticeable from the silence we heard , I guess , in terms of home buyers not being there , ” Moncrief said .
“ They disappeared . ”
So the company cut prices , worked on a new marketing strategy and negotiated with the bank to delay repayment of its construction loan .
Its efforts will be boosted soon by the city of San Jose .
Reacting to the drop - off in sales of “ affordable ” units , the city ’s housing department is offering $ 10 million in down payment assistance to low - and moderate - income buyers who buy in certain developments .
David Pyle and his wife , Katalina , are considering buying at Villa Almendra , and would qualify for many of the first - time home buyer programs .
As an elementary school teacher in San Jose , Pyle would also qualify for the San Jose Teacher Homebuyer Program , which Neighborhood Housing administers for the city .
The Pyles have been raising three kids in a two - bedroom apartment , David Pyle said , and with prices dropping , the time seemed right to buy a place with more room .
Amy Flores , who paid $ 590,000 for her three - bedroom condo late last year , is the lone homeowner at Villa Almendra .
She ’s hoping the non -profit ’s efforts to sell other units pays off .
“ It would be nice to have neighbors , ” she said .
Of course some textbooks are politically biased .
It is not hard to understand why .
Opinion surveys and studies of campaign contributions show that the great majority of academic social scientists are liberals , so no one should be astonished to learn that some liberals write left - leaning textbooks and that some of them assign them to their classes .
No doubt there are right - wing textbooks as well , though I suspect that , given the shortage of conservative historians and political scientists , there are fewer of them .
But in my experience , most textbooks about politics are what we call “ mainstream ” :
That is , they try hard to cover the facts without seeking to persuade students to support or oppose any particular public policy .
I suspect this is not only because of the desire of authors to be fair but a result of the publishers ’ editorial process .
Before each edition of my text , co-written with John J. DiIulio , is revised every three years , the publisher asks teachers who both do and do not use it to read it and write a lengthy critique .
DiIulio and I do not know the names of these reviewers , whose suggestions come to us anonymously .
Advertisement
The comments generally encourage us to write somewhat more about things we have neglected or somewhat less about things we have emphasized .
Sometimes , although rarely , they find elements of bias , and in those cases , they urge us to be fairer .
The publishers of other mainstream texts probably do the same thing .
The result is that most widely used American government textbooks are relatively free of bias .
We also read comments from student users of the book .
In the 27 years since our book first appeared , I can recall only one complaint of bias .
This came from a student who accused us of being too liberal .
The evidence for this , she said , was that when we printed election data in a table , we mentioned the Democrats first .
I responded that this was because we put the parties in alphabetical order .
I hope that satisfied her .
But of late there has been a sudden flurry of charges that our book has a deep conservative bias .
The Center for Inquiry , a nonprofit organization devoted to “ secularism and planetary ethics , ” published a lengthy complaint saying that we had said the country was founded on a belief in “ original sin ” and that the text misinterprets the Supreme Court ’s rulings on school prayer .
Two letters from space scientists say we give too little support to the idea of global warming .
And a New Jersey student , known for his activism in promoting 1st Amendment rights , says that a caption in the book , accompanying a photo of students praying outside a public school , falsely suggests that no student may ever pray inside a school building .
And he complains that we unfairly called scientists who believe in global warming “ activists . ”
Advertisement
These complaints , frankly , are ridiculous .
The Committee for Inquiry ignored the book and cherry - picked sentences .
We do not think the nation was founded on an idea of original sin ; we used that phrase to highlight the fact that the founders took human nature pretty much as they found it and created a constitutional arrangement designed , in James Madison ’s words , to make “ ambition counteract ambition . ”
As for school prayer , we made it perfectly clear in our book that what has been banned by the Supreme Court is state - sponsored prayer .
It ’s true that a sloppily written photo caption was taken out of the 11th edition -- as our critics would have seen if they had looked at the most recent version of the book ( which was in print long before they complained ) .
But the entire section of the book discussing school prayer makes it clear that the public schools may not support , encourage or finance prayer in the schools .
What we say , if one reads the chapter in which we discuss the 1st Amendment , is that the Supreme Court has decided that “ the government cannot aid one religion , some religions , or all religions ” and cannot spend tax money in support of religious activities .
If students want to pray on their own , that is their business .
The space scientists think that we were too critical of the global warming argument .
In the 10th edition of the book , which they read , we wrote that there was disagreement among scientists about this matter .
In the 11th edition , which they did not read , we said that the disagreement was much less , though it still exists .
What happened between the 10th and 11th editions ?
Among other things , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change issued a new report in which the evidence for greenhouse gases affecting Earth ’s temperature was stronger .
If they doubt the claim that this is controversial , they should consult professors Richard Linzen at MIT , William Gray at the University of Colorado and John Christy at the University of Alabama , among others .
DiIulio is a Democrat , and I am a Republican .
If we had written a book about public policy , there might well have been issues on which we disagreed .
But in writing a book that describes how politics work in this country , there was no disagreement at all .
Advertisement
If anyone who reads this article believes the text is biased , they should write to me .
If they think it is not biased , they should write the Center for Inquiry .
Anyone expecting Yahoo's board of directors to leap immediately into the beckoning arms of Microsoft is n't giving the object of Redmond 's woo enough credit for playing hard to get ... $ 46 billion or no $ 46 billion .
From an FAQ posted to the company 's Web site today :
Q1 . How is Yahoo !
responding to Microsoft 's proposal ?
The Yahoo !
Board is undertaking a deliberate review process .
They 're going to take time to thoroughly evaluate the proposal in the context of Yahoo ! 's strategic plans .
This will include evaluating all of the Company 's strategic alternatives - including maintaining Yahoo ! as an independent company .
That process will take some time , but the Board will ultimately pursue the option that it believes can best maximize value for our shareholders .
Q2 .
How long will the Board 's review process take ?
A review process like this is fluid , and it can take quite a bit of time .
There are voices being raised in opposition to this union .
The conventional wisdom since Friday 's blockbuster announcement , however , has been that Microsoft will eventually prevail upon Yahoo to give up the goods .
Ask most people to guess what the biggest risk they need to asset protect themselves against and they will usually guess either being sued or paying too much tax .
Asset protection is a crucial part of wealth building .
There are many different aspects of asset protection and they often involve complex trust structures .
Yet most people ignore the number one cause of financial loss , even though it is easy to protect them .
Both of these are important and every wise business person structures their business with the aim of minimizing these two risks , but there is a bigger risk than those two put together .
The risk of losing big time financially in a divorce can be minimized by having a sound prenuptial agreement yet many otherwise canny business owners fail to take this sensible step and end up losing far more money that they needed to .
Much of the money lost in a divorce is n’t just going to your ex-spouse ; it is going into the pockets of lawyers .
There is no financial incentive for lawyers on either side to come to a quick settlement .
They are getting paid while the parties are fighting .
A lot of this financial and emotional loss could be avoided if couples took an example from business .
A golden rule in business is to never enter into a joint venture unless you have a formally documented and signed exit strategy .
There are two reasons for this .
Read
Firstly , you are much more likely to agree on a reasonable exit strategy while you are all friends and positive about the joint venture .
The second reason is that anyone who wo n’t negotiate a sensible exit strategy before the joint venture starts is likely to be a nightmare as a business partner and so you can take the warning and not enter into a joint venture with that particular party .
Marriage is also a joint venture but love often distracts us from seeing this reality !
The statistics tell us that around 50 % of American marriages end in divorce yet the number of marriages with prenups is estimated as between 5 % and 10 % .
In other countries where the divorce rates are similar the rate of prenups is dramatically lower .
Why is the rate of prenuptial so low ?
One common reason is blind optimism .
A few years ago Harvard Law School conducted a study to see how couples about to enter marriage rated their own chance of divorce .
This study showed that the average couple rates the chance of their marriage ending in divorce as 11.7 % whereas the real chance is almost 5 times that .
Business joint ventures are started with optimism as well but they still have soundly documented exit strategies .
There is no reason for a marriage to be any different .
Another reason that so few marriages have prenups is that they think that they do n’t have anything to lose .
This may be true at the time that they are entering marriage but at the time they are divorcing they may have a lot to fight over and no agreed ground rules .
Perhaps the two most common reasons people do n’t have prenups are the two biggest enemies of investors and entrepreneurs , fear and ignorance .
Some people simply never think of a prenup and others think about it a lot but are too afraid of how their betrothed might react if they were to raise the matter with them .
Please be clear that I am not offering legal advice here but I am suggesting that anyone who plans to become financially successful should also seek sound legal advice about the protection they could gain from a prenuptial agreement .
Lisa in Berkeley says she was doing laundry in her dorm building when someone pointed out this amazing note to her .
“ According to that person , who knew the note - poster through a friend , ‘ The towels were actually nice .
They were from Kohl ’s or something . ’”
Lisa says the note has since been taken down .
“ I guess either an RA got to it , or someone got a beating . ”
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) --
Now for the good news from the " Lazy Portfolios " files .
While the rest of America is crying about the first quarter 2008 as " one of the worst three months in a decade , " we 've got eight great portfolios that keep winning in bear and bull markets .
That 's right , every one of our eight Lazy Portfolios beat the S&P 500 on all three performance benchmarks -- one - , three - and five - year returns .
Every Lazy Portfolio beat the S&P 500's five - year average by at least 0.2 percentage points to as much as 6.2 percentage points , according to research by Morningstar Inc .
This is impressive because not only are their asset allocations rarely changed , but some have been unchanged for almost a decade and still beat the S&P 500 .
Get it ?
These portfolios are virtually " zero maintenance ! "
Set them and forget them .
Plus you can ignore Wall Street 's relentless , misleading chatter about markets and the economy .
Seriously .
After customizing your own Lazy Portfolio you can ignore the news and focus on what 's really important : your family , loved ones , friends , your career , hobbies , travel -- you name it -- anything but wasting time tracking and playing the market .
How to set up your portfolio ?
Easy .
Use our six basic rules in customizing your own Lazy Portfolio , beginning with our eight model portfolios below .
The rules are simple , all derived from the Nobel Prize - winning " Modern Portfolio Theory : "
Asset allocation outperforms stock picking Compounding builds long - term asset values No-load index funds beat actively managed funds Buy and hold , adding new money from savings Market timing and active trading is a loser 's game Trust yourself , you 're the expert , do - it - yourself
Sound too simple ?
Well , that 's what Wall Street will tell you : Especially all those brokers , active fund managers and commission - based advisers who love big fat commissions and fees that Jack Bogle says siphon off 30 % or more of your returns .
They hate Lazy Portfolios even though the evidence consistently proves that this is the best investment strategy for the vast majority of America 's 95 million passive investors .
The facts speak loudly .
So please review each of the eight Lazy Portfolios below .
Especially note that the number of funds in each portfolio varies from three to 11 .
Note also , their asset allocations vary , with equities ranging from 60 % to 90 % .
And see how they 're beating the S&P 500 benchmark on both a short - term and long - term basis :
Portfolio Equity % No. of funds 1 - year return 3 - year annualized return 5 - year annualized return Second Grader 's Starter 90 3 - 2.30 % 8.91 % 14.77 % Aronson Family Taxable 70 11 0.32 9.33 14.64 Yale U's Unconventional 70 6 - 0.42 9.64 14.08 Margaritaville 67 3 3.44 9.47 14.03 FundAdvice Ultimate Buy & Hold 60 11 2.70 9.84 13.98 Dr. Bernstein's No-Brainer 75 4 - 2.18 7.94 13.61 Dr. Bernstein's Smart Money 60 9 - 1.90 7.46 11.76 Coffeehouse 60 7 - 2.63 7.10 11.52 S&P 500 100 n/a -5.08 5.85 11.32
Aronson Family Taxable
Let 's start with Ted Aronson .
I first learned about Ted seven years ago .
His AJO Partners manages $ 23 billion of institutional assets .
During the 2002 scandals
Ted headed America 's leading professional association for portfolio managers .
The Street.com called him America's " most honest " manager .
Ted 's rare among our nation 's 70,000 managers :
He 's tells you exactly where he invests his own money outside his firm .
The vast majority of managers wo n't tell , afraid you 'll find out how rich they 're getting off you .
Remember , there are over 10,000 mutual funds to pick from .
Less than 10 % are index funds .
So I was amazed that all his funds were indexed , and he only needed 11 to build a well - diversified Lazy Portfolio .
Noteworthy : Ted even bought into the first index fund launched by Vanguard in 1976 .
At the end of 2007 , Ted 's equity funds had a five - year average of more than 22 % , thanks to his high 40 % asset allocation in foreign funds .
He cut that back to 30 % at the end of 2007 .
( The other seven portfolios have remained relatively unchanged , relying on rebalancing to stay close to their model asset allocations .
And the best way to rebalance is tying it to your retirement saving program .
That is , add new money from your regular monthly savings program to keep your portfolio in line with the original allocations . )
Second Grader 's Starter
Aronson 's portfolio of 11 funds is usually on top of the leader - board .
However , as if to underscore the point that you do n't need lots of funds to win , another portfolio edged him out by a nose , on a five - year basis .
This is important since every fund has a minimum initial investment and new investors often do n't have enough money to buy into 11 index funds .
So consider this " Second - Grader 's Starter Portfolio . "
Kevin Roth was eight years old when we first saw his three - fund portfolio .
This quarter he 's beating the S&P 500 by about 3 percentage points , once again proving anyone can set up a winning portfolio with just a few funds , and beat the so - called professionals too !
Fund Allocation 1 - year return 3 - year annualized return 5 - year annualized return Vanguard Total Stock Market Index 60 % - 5.79 % 6.19 % 12.27 % Vanguard Total International Stock Index 30 % 1.34 15.52 23.18 Vanguard Total Bond Market Index 10 % 7.70 5.43 4.53 Portfolio 100 % - 2.30 8.91 14.77
Yale U. Unconventional
David Swensen is the mega - successful manager of the Yale Endowment Fund .
His six - fund portfolio comes from his bestseller " Unconventional Success , " where he offers it to average retail investors .
Notice that despite a heavy 20 % allocation in the real estate sector , which was clobbered by the subprime meltdown , his portfolio still outperforms the S&P 500 by a respectable three percentage points .
Fund Allocation 1 - year return 3 - year annualized return 5 - year annualized return Vanguard Inflation - Protected Securities 15 % 14.78 % 6.71 % 6.65 % Vanguard REIT Index 20 % - 17.48 11.64 17.76 Vanguard Long - Term Treasury Index 15 % 12.61 7.03 5.98 Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index 5 % 21.69 27.95 34.96 Vanguard Developed Markets Index 15 % - 2.52 13.34 21.40 Vanguard Total Stock Market Index 30 % - 5.79 6.19 12.27 Total portfolio 100 % - 0.42 9.64 14.08
Margaritaville
Here 's more proof you do n't need a lot of funds to win big .
The equity returns for Dallas Morning News columnist Scott Burns 's simple three - fund portfolio also beat the S&P 500 across the board .
Even with a whooping 33 % of his portfolio in fixed - income securities .
This is great news for new investors starting with a small nest egg .
Also , look closely at the three - fund Lazy Portfolios compared to the 11 - fund versions .
Note :
Size does not necessarily mean much bigger returns .
In fact , smaller and simpler portfolios may have the " value - added " of increasing your daily " serenity . "
Fund Allocation 1 - year return 3 - year annualized return 5 - year annualized return Vanguard Inflation - Protected Securities 33.3 % 14.78 % 6.71 % 6.65 % Vanguard Total International Stock Index VGTSX , - 0.17 % 33.3 % 1.34 15.52 23.18 Vanguard Total Stock Market Index 33.3 % - 5.79 6.19 12.27 Total portfolio 100 % 3.44 9.47 14.03
FundAdvice.com Ultimate Buy and Hold
Take a moment and check out FundAdvice.com .
This award - winning " virtual encyclopedia " offers investors a wealth of information .
The guy behind it , Paul Merriman , is on a mission to educate average investors .
He does free seminars around the country .
And he's got a great upbeat book designed to anyone who wants to " Live It Up Without Outliving Your Money , " an appealing theme for every investor .
Here 's his winning portfolio extracted from his FundAdvice Web site .
We also reviewed several of his other " buy & hold " portfolios in our book , " The Lazy Person 's Guide to Investing . "
Fund Allocation 1 - year return 3 - year annualized return 5 - year annualized return Vanguard 500 Index 6 % - 5.17 % 5.72 % 11.18 % Vanguard Value Index 6 % - 9.75 6.15 13.98 Vanguard Small Cap Index 6 % - 11.24 5.85 15.85 Vanguard Small Cap Value Index 6 % - 14.84 4.37 15.14 Vanguard REIT Index 6 % -17.48 11.64 17.76 Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index 6 % 21.69 27.95 34.96 Vanguard Developed Markets Index 12 % - 2.52 13.34 21.40 Vanguard International Value 12 % 0.07 15.45 23.86 Vanguard Short- term Treasury 12 % 9.96 5.73 3.86 Vanguard Intermediate - term Treasury 20 % 14.13 7.30 5.09 Vanguard Inflation - Protected Securities 8 % 14.78 6.71 6.65 Total Portfolio 100 % 2.70 9.84 13.98
Dr. Bernstein's Smart Money
Both the next two portfolios are from Dr. William Bernstein , a financial adviser , neurologist and author of two bestsellers , " The Four Pillars of Investing " and the " Intelligent Asset Allocator , " plus his just - released book , " A Splendid Exchange : How Trade Shaped the World . "
We first saw his nine - fund portfolio way back in 2000 in his Smart Money column .
It 's the same today , a winner in bull and bear markets .
Fund Allocation 1 - year return 3 - year annualized return 5 - year annualized return Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index 5 % 21.69 % 27.95 % 34.96 % Vanguard European Stock Index 5 % - 0.02 14.76 22.89 Vanguard Pacific Stock Index 5 % - 7.87 10.39 18.15 Vanguard REIT Index 5 % -17.48 11.64 17.76 Vanguard Short - Term Investment Grade Index VFSTX , 40 % 5.43 4.88 3.82 Vanguard Small Cap Index 5 % -11.24 5.85 15.85 Vanguard Small Cap Value Index 10 % -14.84 4.37 15.14 Vanguard Total Stock Market Index 15 % - 5.79 6.19 12.27 Vanguard Value Index 10 % - 9.75 6.15 13.98 Total portfolio 100 % -1.90 7.46 11.76
Dr. Bernstein's No Brainer
Dr. Bernstein reveals the perfect attitude about long - term investing for any passive investor : " I really do n't pay that much attention to these portfolios .
I 'm comfortable with them in the long run .
I 'll stick with them . "
And why not , he 's beating the S&P 500 on a one - , three - and five - year basis with absolutely no tinkering , whether it 's the nine - fund or this four - fund version from his EfficientFrontier.com
Web site .
Fund Allocation 1 - year return 3 - year annualized return 5 - year annualized return Vanguard 500 Index 25 % - 5.17 % 5.72 % 11.18 % Vanguard European Stock Index 25 % - 0.02 14.76 22.89 Vanguard Small Cap Index 25 % - 11.20 5.85 15.85 Vanguard Total Bond Market Index 25 % 7.70 5.43 4.53 Total Portfolio 100 % - 2.18 7.94 13.61
Coffeehouse
Same goes for the equity returns of financial adviser Bill Schultheis , author of " The Coffeehouse Investor , " which Jack Bogle says is the No. 1 book he recommends to investors .
Here again , as with the Yale Portfolio , the real estate exposure temporarily hurt .
Nevertheless , his portfolio is beating the S&P 500 across the board .
Moreover , you may recall that the Coffeehouse beat the S&P by 15 percentage points all three years during the big 2000 - 2002 bear / recession , about the time I first ran across Schultheis 's fabulous work on his CoffeehouseInvestor.com
Web site .
Fund Allocation 1 - year return 3 - year annualized return 5 - year annualized return Vanguard 500 Index 10 % - 5.17 % 5.72 % 11.18 % Vanguard REIT Index 10 % - 17.48 11.64 17.76 Vanguard Small Cap Index 10 % - 11.24 5.85 15.85 Vanguard Small Cap Value Index 10 % -14.84 4.37 15.14 Vanguard Total Bond Market Index 40 % 7.70 5.43 4.53 Vanguard Total International Stock Index 10 % 1.34 15.52 23.18 Vanguard Value Index 10 % - 9.75 6.15 13.98 Total portfolio 100 % - 2.63 7.10 11.52
All data from Morningstar as of March 31
What matters most
The five - year bull 's over .
Now it 's a bear market .
An old , old cycle : Bulls follow bears follow bulls ad infinitum .
" If the markets have taught us anything the past 8 years , it is to first create a financial game plan and then stay committed , " says Schultheis .
" Which index funds are the best ?
Cap - weighted , dividend - weighted , value - weighted ?
The debate rages .
Will small , value , and REITS come back ?
Of course .
Maybe not this year .
Maybe not next .
But in the end , nothing matters as much as your asset allocations . "
And come to think of it , that 's the Lazy Portfolios strategy in a nutshell .
Think about our six rules next time you 're customizing your retirement nest egg for the long haul .
Are you Tom Cruise crazy ? /
Yes , the tiny megastar proves he 's all kinds of nuts in a bizarre video .
But how about you ?
Here is something you can do .
Set up that nifty little Flip Video camera you got for Christmas just over there next to your couch .
Now , plop yourself down in front of it and have a friend sit just off to the side and then both of you slam about nine shots of vodka followed by nine more of extra-strong espresso and then hit the " Record " button as she begins to question you about your deepest beliefs on How the World Really Works , and you answer them employing only tense , cryptic bursts of pseudo - lingo that make sense only to you and the houseplants , all while making sure you suddenly burst out laughing as maniacally as possible at random intervals and never ever blink .
Wo n't that be fun ?
And then you can compare .
You can go back to your computer and re-watch the now - famous Tom Cruise Scientology video currently winging across the planet like a wacky Ebola virus , and contrast it with your swell little video and go : See ?
See that ?
No matter how hard I try , no matter how weird I think I am and no matter how heavily my therapist sighs every time I bring up my love of Shania Twain and banana sandwiches and " Battlestar Galactica " collectibles , I am not nearly as insane as Tom Cruise .
Life is going to be OK .
Ah yes , the Tom Cruise Scientology indoctrination video .
Surely by now you 've seen this little hunk of pop culture manna ?
Surely , at least , someone you know has watched the video and has described it to you in amazed , slightly disturbed tones and you 've maybe responded by shrugging and saying :
No no no , it could n't be that weird ... could it ?
It could .
It is something to see .
It has already enjoyed more than 2 million views so far and Anderson Cooper even filed a swell little CNN report about it and it 's still moving fast , this nine - minute slab of crazy that features this very intense , grinning , bizarre movie star talking in barely comprehensible half - sentences and perky Scientology lingo about " SPs " and " the tech " and " KSW " and " half - acks " and all manner of cool culty jargon that , if you close your eyes and blur your imagination just right , sounds remarkably like a high school speed freak talking up Dungeons & Dragons to his kid brother .
Except this particular clip has apparently been edited by an epileptic teenager .
It is scored with the " Mission : Impossible " theme song ( to which Cruise doubtlessly owns the rights ) and it has laughable zoom - in graphics pulled from somewhere deep in 1994 and it is bookended with some of the most bloviated , hammy voiceover work this side of a " Saturday Night Live " parody .
All told , it is , as the universal verdict goes , " unintentionally hilarious . "
Unintentional , because it 's supposed to be serious .
It is supposed to make Scientology look intense and cool and badass and righteous and Cruise is clearly meant to appear as some sort of idealized L. Ron Hubbard - drunk demigod , a true hero and visionary ( he 's an OT VII , after all , the highest rank you can achieve in his " church " without going off to battle evil warlord Xenu yourself ) , who has apparently single - handedly brought Scientology to over 1 billion people worldwide and who can lift boulders with his penis and bend spoons with his mind and whip up a delightful marinara in his sleep .
It is , in a way , a seminal piece of film .
It finally removes all doubt that one of the wealthiest and most successful celebrities of this generation is , indisputably , many , many fries short of a Happy Meal .
It 's as if you crossed Mitt Romney with Mike Huckabee and rolled it in the hot goo of Ted Haggard and packed it all into the body of a junior - weight high school wrestling champ , with exactly the same level of verbal articulation .
Which is to say , a log .
A very , very intense log .
Perhaps this is the true joy of watching celebrity derailments and breakdowns and cult addictions .
We like to think that would never be us .
We like to think , " You know , if I was world famous and had a billion dollars and still had pretty good hair and a killer smile and at least used to be the hottest hunk of malehood on the planet , I sure as hell would n't hitch my spiritual cart to the crazy train of a deeply deranged pill - popping sci- fi hack writer who invented a nutball cult religion on a bar bet .
Wait , would I ? "
Perhaps you are still not sure .
Perhaps you think it 's still not fair to make fun of Tom Cruise this way , no matter how clearly bats — crazy he so obviously is .
After all , he 's done some passable movies .
He 's a decent enough guy .
I sort of liked him in " The Firm " and , um , " Legend . "
Cut him some slack , maybe ?
Maybe .
After all , everyone needs their little cult , right ?
Everyone needs their tribe and their myths and their psychological attachments and is it Tom 's fault that his intellectual and spiritual development apparently got stuck somewhere between " Star Trek " and the episode where Gilligan gets hit on the head with a coconut and his mouth turns into a radio ?
No , it is not .
What 's more , it 's not like this video is all that unusual .
Surely there are Mormon indoctrination videos equally as deranged .
Surely there are creepy installations playing right now over at the Creation Museum in Kentucky that will make your brain implode for all sorts of reasons , not the least of which is that half of Americans actually believe that humans really did fly on the backs of pterodactyls .
Hell , I 'm sure Opus Dei has some sort of S&M fetish dungeon where they take new recruits and staple their eyelids open and make them watch " The Da Vinci Code " on infinite repeat until they swear to worship an angry misogynistic God forevermore , just to make it stop .
And hell , the evangelicals in the hugely disturbing 2006 documentary " Jesus Camp " make Tom 's Scientologists look like a bunch of geeky Boy Scouts on crack .
So then , maybe we all owe Tom Cruise a big debt of gratitude ?
After all , it is only through videos such as this that we can gain perspective on our own lives .
It is only though ogling such phenomena over and over and maybe only after someone turns this clip into a drinking game ( " Every time Tom squirms awkwardly in his chair and can't finish a sentence , drink ! " ) , that we can finally eliminate all doubt as to our own mental stability and say , " Yes indeed , I may be a bit crazy , but I ai n't no Tom Cruise crazy . "
Or , as Tom would say , " I 've canceled that in my area . "
Yes , Tom .
You most certainly have .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
If you want to know how powerful Rupert Murdoch is , read the reviews of Bruce Dover 's book , Rupert 's Adventures in China .
Well , go on , read them .
You can't find any ?
I rest my case .
Dover was Murdoch 's vice - president in China , and took his orders directly from the boss .
His book , which was published in February , is a fascinating study of power , and of a man who could not bring himself to believe that anyone would stand in his way .
So why are n't we reading about it ?
Murdoch , Dover shows , began his assault on China with two strategic mistakes .
The first was to pay a staggering price - $ 525 m - for a majority stake in Star TV , a failing satellite broadcaster based in Hong Kong .
The second was to make a speech in September 1993 , a few months after he had bought the business , which he had neither written nor read very carefully .
New telecommunications , he said , " have proved an unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes everywhere ... satellite broadcasting makes it possible for information - hungry residents of many closed societies to bypass state - controlled television channels " .
The Chinese leaders were furious .
The prime minister , Li Peng , issued a decree banning satellite dishes from China .
Murdoch spent the next 10 years grovelling .
In the interests of business the great capitalist became the communist government 's most powerful supporter .
Within six months of Li Peng 's ban , Murdoch dropped the BBC from Star 's China signal .
His publishing company , HarperCollins , paid a fortune for a tedious biography of the paramount leader , Deng Xiaoping , written by Deng 's daughter .
He built a website for the regime 's propaganda sheet , the People 's Daily .
In 1997 he made another speech in which he tried to undo the damage he had caused four years before .
" China , " he said , " is a distinctive market with distinctive social and moral values that western companies must learn to abide by . "
His minions ensured , Dover reveals , that " every relevant Chinese government official received a copy " .
But the satellite dishes remained banned , so he grovelled even more .
He described the Dalai Lama as " a very political old monk shuffling around in Gucci shoes " .
His son James claimed that the western media were " painting a falsely negative portrayal of China through their focus on controversial issues such as human rights " .
Rupert employed his unsalaried gopher Tony Blair to give him special access : in 1999 Blair placed him next to then Chinese president , Jiang Zemin , at a Downing Street lunch .
To secure some limited cable rights in southern China , News Corporation agreed to carry a Chinese government channel - CCTV - 9 - on Fox and Sky .
Murdoch promised to " further strengthen cooperative ties with the Chinese media , and explore new areas with an even more positive attitude " .
Most notoriously , he instructed HarperCollins not to publish the book that it had bought from the former governor of Hong Kong , Chris Patten .
Dover reveals that Murdoch was forced to intervene directly ( he instructed the publishers to " kill the fucking book " ) because his usual system of control had broken down .
" Murdoch very rarely issued directives or instructions to his senior executives or editors . "
Instead he expected " a sort of ' anticipatory compliance ' .
One did n't need to be instructed about what to do , one simply knew what was in one 's long - term interests . "
In this case HarperCollins executives had failed to understand that when the boss objected to Patten 's views on China , it meant that the book was dead .
Anticipatory compliance also describes Murdoch 's approach to Beijing .
Dover shows that the Chinese leadership never asked for Chris Patten 's book to be banned : they did n't even know it existed .
But when Murdoch killed it , " our Beijing minders were impressed and the Patten incident marked a distinct warming in the relationship " .
The strategy failed .
Murdoch was astonished that he could n't replicate " the cosy relationship he enjoyed with Britain 's political establishment " .
For the first time in his later career , he had encountered an organisation more powerful and more determined than he was .
He has now retreated from China after losing at least $ 1bn .
This is a riveting story about two of the world 's most powerful forces .
Dover 's British publisher told me : " I thought this was a natural for serialisation .
We had the author primed and prepared to come over here .
But we had to cancel as we could not raise enough interest .
We 've hit brick walls and we do n't understand why . "
The book has been reviewed in the Economist and the Financial Times , but neither other British newspapers nor broadcasters have touched it .
As far as I can discover , the book has been reviewed by only one Murdoch publication anywhere on earth - the Australian Literary Review - and that was an article of such snivelling sycophancy that you wonder why they bothered .
The editor of another News Corporation title , the Far Eastern Economic Review , commissioned a review , then admitted to contracting " cold feet " and spiked it .
But what of the other papers ?
Why should they appease Murdoch ?
" When you see the reaction of the British media to the book , " Dover tells me , " one can better understand why in some respects the Chinese so admired Murdoch - an emperor who inspires fear in his followers need not raise a hand against them . "
He might be right , but I think there is also a general bias against relevance in the review sections .
When I worked in faraway countries , my books about the tribulations of obscure peoples were comprehensively reviewed .
When I came home and wrote Captive State : The Corporate Takeover of Britain , it was ignored .
There appears to be an inverse relationship between how hard a book hits and how well it is covered .
Oddly for a publication that inspires such fear , Dover 's story sometimes steps back from the brink .
He observes that News Corporation never promised the Chinese government favourable coverage ; Murdoch undertook only to be " fair " , " balanced " and " objective " .
Dover takes these terms at face value , though it is obvious from his account that they were being used as code for sympathetic treatment .
His book does not contain News Corporation 's most direct admission : the statement by Murdoch 's spokesman Wang Yukui that " we wo n't do programmes that are offensive in China ...
If you call this self - censorship then of course we 're doing a kind of self - censorship " .
He is wrong to suggest that " Murdoch very rarely issued directives or instructions " .
As the testimony by Andrew Neil ( a former editor of the Sunday Times ) before the House of Lords communications committee shows , the paramount leader micromanages the editorial content of the newspapers he owns that swing the greatest political weight .
But I am sure it is true that anticipatory compliance is Murdoch 's most powerful weapon .
I doubt he needed to tell all 247 of his editors to support the invasion of Iraq , but they did .
He might not even have had to lean on Tony Blair to ensure - as Blair 's former spin doctor Lance Price reveals - that no British minister said " anything positive about the euro " .
Power is sustained not by force but by fear , as everyone seeks to interpret the wishes of his master and to meet them even before he asks .
monbiot.com
The thoughts and humor of Mayor Nathan McLaughlin : America 's Small City ( Minnesota ) Mayor .
From : Olin Shivers < shivers@lambda.ai.mit.edu >
Subject : The SRE regular - expression notation Date : 1998/08/26 Message -ID : < qijr9y34tl7.fsf@lambda.ai.mit.edu >
Organization : Artificial Intelligence Lab , MIT Newsgroups : comp.lang.scheme.scsh,comp.lang.scheme,comp.lang.lisp,gnu.emacs.sources
This will be in the next release of scsh -- but I 'm posting this beyond comp.lang.scheme.scsh as I 'd like to make the design available to interested Lisp / Scheme implementors outside the scsh community .
People who'd like access to the sources right now should send me email ; the system described is implemented .
This document is also available from my Web page : http://www.ai.mit.edu/~shivers
I 'm very interested in discussion and suggestions for the notation -- there 's no " installed base , " so there 's still time to tweak it with no real penalty if we have any good ideas .
- Yours for the parenthetical way of life , Olin -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The SRE regular - expression notation Olin Shivers August 1998
This document can be viewed in emacs outline mode , with *'s introducing section headings -- just say M-x outline - mode in emacs .
* Table of contents
-------------------
Preamble : 100 % and 80 % solutions Overview Summary SRE syntax Examples A short tutorial Discussion and design notes Regexp functions
The scsh regexp ADT Syntax - hacking tools Acknowledgements * Preamble : 100 % and 80 % solutions
----------------------------------
There 's a problem with tool design in the free software and academic community .
The tool designers are usually people who are building tools for some larger goal .
For example , let 's take the case of someone who wants to do web hacking in Scheme .
His Scheme system does n't have a sockets interface , so he sits down and hacks one up for his particular Scheme implementation .
Now , socket API 's are not what this programmer is interested in ; he wants to get on with things and hack the exciting stuff -- his real interest is Web services .
So he does a quick 80 % job , which is adequate to get him up and running , and then he 's on to his orignal goal .
Unfortunately , his quickly - built socket interface is n't general .
It just covers the bits this particular hacker needed for his applications .
So the next guy that comes along and needs a socket interface can't use this one .
Not only does it lack coverage , but the deep structure was n't thought out well enough to allow for quality extension .
So * he* does his * own * 80 % implementation .
Five hackers later , five different , incompatible , ungeneral implementations had been built .
No one can use each others code .
The alternate way systems like this end up going over a cliff is that the initial 80 % system gets patched over and over again by subsequent hackers , and what results is 80 % bandaids and 20 % structured code .
When systems evolve organically , it 's unsuprising and unavoidable that what one ends up with is a horrible design -- consider the DOS -> Win95 path .
As an alternative to five hackers doing five 80 % solutions of the same problem , we would be better off if each programmer picked a different task , and really thought it through -- a 100 % solution .
Then each time a programmer solved a problem , no one else would have to redo the effort .
Of course , it 's true that 100 % solutions are significantly harder to design and build than 80 % solutions .
But they have one tremendous labor - savings advantage : you do n't have to constantly reinvent the wheel .
The up - front investment buys you forward progress ; you are n't trapped endlessly reinventing the same awkward wheel .
Examples : I 've done this three times .
The first time was when I needed an emacs mode in graduate school for interacting with Scheme processes .
I looked around , and I found a snarled up mess of many , many 80 % solutions , some for Lisp , some for Scheme , some for shells , some for gdb , and so forth .
These modes had all started off at some point as the original emacs shell.el mode , then had been hacked up , eventually drifting into divergence .
The keybindings had no commonality .
Some modes recovered old commands with a " yank " type form , on c-c y .
Some modes recovered old commands with m-p and m -n .
It was hugely confusing and not very functional .
The right thing to do was to carefully implement one , common base mode for process interaction , and to carefully put in hooks for customising this base mode into language - specific modes -- lisp , shell , Scheme , etc .
So that 's what I did .
I carefully went over the keybindings and functionality of all the process modes I could find -- even going back to old Lisp Machine bindings for Zwei -- and then I designed and implemented a base mode called comint .
Now , all process modes are implemented on top of comint , and no one , ever , has to re-implement this code .
Users only have to learn one set of bindings for the common functions .
Features put into the common code are available for free to all the derived modes .
Extensions are done , not by doing a completely new design , but * in terms of * the original system -- it may not be perfect , but it 's good enough to allow people to move on and do other things .
The second time was the design of the Scheme Unix API found in scsh .
Most Schemes have a couple of functions for changing directory , some minimal socket hacking , and perhaps forking off a shell command with the system ( ) C function .
But no one has done a complete job , and the functions are never compatible .
It was a classic 80 % - solution disaster .
So I sat down to do a careful , 100 % job -- I wanted to cover everything in section 2 of the Unix man pages , in a manner that was harmonious with the deep structures of the Scheme language .
As a design task , it was a tremendous amount of work , taking several years , and multiple revisions .
But now it 's done .
Scsh 's socket code , for instance , * completely * implements the socket API .
My hope in doing all this was that other people could profit from my investment .
If you are building your own Scheme system , * you * do n't have to put in the time .
You can just steal the design .
Or the code .
The regexp notation in this document represents a third attempt at this kind of design .
Looking back , I 'm amazed at how much time I poured into the design , not to mention the complete reference implementation .
I sold myself on doing a serious job with the philosophy of the 100 % design -- the point is to save other people the trouble .
If the design is good enough , then instead of having to do your own , you can steal mine and use the time saved ... to do your own 100 % design of something * else * , and fill in another gap .
I am not saying that these three designs of mine represent the last word on the issues -- " 100 % " is really a bit of a misnomer , since no design is ever truly 100 % .
I would prefer to think of them as sufficiently good that they at least present low - water marks -- future systems , I 'd hope , can at least build upon these designs , hopefully * in terms of * these designs .
You do n't ever have to do * worse * -- you can just steal the design .
If you do n't have a significantly better idea , I 'd encourage you to adopt the design for the benefits of compatibility .
If you * do * have an improvement , email me about it , so we can fold it in to the core design and * everyone * can win -- and we can also make your improvement part of the standard , so that people can use your good idea and * still * be portable .
But here 's what I 'd really like : instead of tweaking regexps , you go do your own 100 % design or two .
Because I 'd like to use them .
If everyone does just one , then that 's all anyone has to do .
- Olin * Overview ----------
This document describes the regular - expression system used in scsh .
The system is composed of several pieces : - An s-expression notation for writing down general regular expressions .
In most systems , regexps are encoded as string literals .
In scsh , they are written using s-expressions .
This notation has several advantages over the traditional string - based notation ; these advantages are discussed in a following section .
-
An abstract data type ( ADT ) representation for regexp values .
Traditional regular - expression systems compute regular expressions from run-time values using strings .
This can be awkward .
Scsh , instead , provides a separate data type for regexps , with a set of basic constructor and accessor functions ; regular expressions can be dynamically computed and manipulated using these functions .
-
Some tools that work on the regexp ADT : case - sensitve -> case - insensitive regexp transform , a regexp simplifier , and so forth .
- Parsers and unparsers that can convert between external representations and the regexp ADT .
The supported external representations are +
Posix strings +
S - expression notation Being able to convert regexps to Posix strings allows implementations to implement regexp matching using standard Posix C - based engines .
- Macro support for the s-expression notation .
The RX macro provides a new special form that allows you to embed regexps in the s-expression notation within a Scheme program .
The macro parses the regexp into the ADT , simplifies it , and translates it to a Posix strings , which can be used by a traditional C - based regexp engine .
- Matchers Spencer 's Posix regexp engine is linked in to the runtime ; the regexp code uses this engine to provide text matching .
The regexp language supported is a complete superset of Posix functionality , providing : sequencing and choice ( | ) repetition ( * , + , ? , {m , n} ) character clases and wildcard ( [... ] , . ) beginning / end of string anchors beginning / end of line anchors beginning / end of word anchors case - sensitivity control submatch - marking (...)
It can all be implemented using a Posix regexp engine .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Summary SRE syntax
--------------------
Here is a summary of the syntax ; the next section is a friendlier tutorial introduction .
SRE ::= < string > literal match -- Interpreted relative to the current case - sensitivity lexical context ( default is case - sensitive ) . ( < string > )
Set of chars , e.g. , ( " aeiou " ) Interpreted relative to the current case - sensitivity lexical context .
( * < sre > ...) 0 or more matches (+ < sre > ... ) 1 or more matches ( ? < sre > ...) 0 or 1 matches ( = < n > < sre > ... ) < n > matches ( >= < n > < sre > ... ) < n > or more matches ( ** < n> < m > < sre > ... ) < n > to < m > matches < n > and < m > are Scheme expressions producing non-negative integers .
< m > may also be #f , meaning " infinity " ( | < sre > ...)
Choice ( OR is R5RS symbol ; | is unspecified ) ( or < sre > ... ) ( : < sre > ...)
Sequence ( SEQ is Common Lisp symbol ) ( seq < sre > ... ) ( submatch < sre > ...)
Numbered submatch ( dsm < pre > < post > < sre > ...)
Deleted submatches < pre > and < post > are numerals .
( uncase < sre > ...)
Case - folded match .
( w/ case < sre > ...)
Introduce a lexical case - sensitivity ( w/ nocase < sre > ...) context . , @ < exp > Dynamically computed regexp . ,< exp >
Same as , @ < exp > , but no submatch info .
< EXP > must produce a character , string , char - set , or regexp .
bos eos Beginning / end of string bol eol Beginning / end of line bow eow Beginning / end of word ( word < sre > ... ) ( : bow < sre > ... eow ) ( word + < cset - sre > ... ) ( word (+ ( & ( | alphanumeric " _ " ) ( | < cset - sre > ... ) ) ) ) word ( word + any ) ( posix - string < string > )
Posix string -- for backwards compatibility .
< char > Singleton char set < class - name > alphanumeric , whitespace , etc .
These two forms are interpreted subject to the lexical case - sensitivity context .
( ~ < cset - sre > ... ) [ ^...] -- complement - of-union (- < cset - sre > ...)
Difference ( & < cset - sre > ...) Intersection ( / < range - spec > ...)
Character range -- interpreted subject to the lexical case - sensitivy context .
< class - name > ::= any . nonl [ ^
] ( Posix character classes : ) lower - case upper - case alphabetic numeric alphanumeric punctuation graphic whitespace printing control hex - digit blank ascii ( Gnu character classes ) ( Shorter equivalent nicknames : ) lower upper alpha digit num alnum alphanum punct graph space white print cntrl xdigit hex ascii < range - spec > ::= < string > | < char >
The chars are taken in pairs to form inclusive ranges .
The ~ , - , & , and word + operators may only be applied to SRE 's that specify character sets .
Here are the " type- checking " rules : < cset - sre > ::= ( ~ < cset - sre > ...)
Set complement - of - union | ( - < cset - sre > ...)
Set difference | ( & < cset - sre > ...)
Intersection | ( | < cset - sre > ...)
Set union | ( / < range - spec > ...)
Range | ( < string >) Constant set | < char > Singleton constant set | < string >
For 1 - char string " c " | < class - name >
Constant set | , < exp > < exp > evals to a char - set , | , @ < exp > char , single - char string , or re-char - set regexp .
| ( uncase < cset - sre > )
Case - folding | ( w / case < cset - sre > ) | ( w/ nocase < cset - sre > )
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Examples ---------- (- alpha ( " aeiouAEIOU " ) ) ;
Various forms of non-vowel letter (- alpha ( " aeiou " ) ( " AEIOU " ) ) ( w/ nocase (- alpha ( " aeiou " ) ) ) (- ( / " azAZ " ) ( " aeiouAEIOU " ) ) ( w/ nocase (- ( / " az " ) ( " aeiou " ) ) ) ;;;
Upper-case letter , lower - case vowel , or digit ( | upper ( " aeiou " ) digit ) ( | ( / " AZ09 " ) ( " aeiou " ) ) ;;;
Not an SRE , but Scheme code containing some embedded SREs .
( let * ( ( ws ( rx (+ whitespace ) ) ) ;
Seq of whitespace ( date ( rx ( : ( | " Jan " " Feb " " Mar " ... ) ;
A month / day date . , ws ( | ( " 123456789 " ) ; 1 - 9 ( : ( " 12 " ) digit ) ; 10 - 29 " 30 " " 31 " ) ) ) ) ) ; 30 -31 ;; Now we can use DATE several times : ( rx ... , date ... (* ... , date ... ) ... .... , date ) ) ;;;
More Scheme code ( define ( csl re ) ; A comma-separated list of RE 's is ( rx ( | " " ; either zero of them ( empty string ) , or ( : , re ; one RE , followed by (* " , " , re ) ) ) ) ) ;
Zero or more comma-space - RE matches .
( csl ( rx ( | " John " " Paul " " George " " Ringo " ) ) )
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *
A short tutorial ------------------
S-expression regexps are called " SRE "s .
Keep in mind that they are * not *
Scheme expressions ; they are another , separate notation that is expressed using the underlying framework of s-expression list structure -- lists , symbols , etc. SRE 's can be * embedded * inside of Scheme expressions using special forms that extend Scheme 's syntax ; there are places in the SRE grammar where one may place a Scheme expression -- in these ways , SRE's and Scheme expressions can be intertwined .
But this is n't fundamental ; SRE 's may be used in a completely Scheme - independent context .
By simply restricting the notation to eliminate two special Scheme - embedding forms , they can be a completely independent notation .
** Constant strings
The simplest SRE is a string , denoting a constant regexp .
For example , the SRE " Spot " matches only the string < < capital - S , little - p , little - o , little - t >> .
There is no interpretation of the characters in the string at all -- the SRE " .*[ " matches the string << period , asterisk , open - bracket > >. ** Simple character sets
To specify a set of characters , write a list whose single element is a string containing the set 's elements .
So the SRE ( " aeiou " ) only matches a vowel .
One way to think of this , notationally , is that the set brackets are ( " and " ) .
** Wild card
Another simple SRE is the symbol ANY , which matches any single character -- including newline and ASCII nul .
** Sequences
We can form sequences of SRE's with the SRE ( : < sre > ... ) .
So the SRE ( : " x " any " z " ) matches any three - character string starting with " x " and ending with " z " .
As we 'll see shortly , many SRE's have bodies that are implicit sequences of SRE's , analogous to the manner in which the body of a Scheme LAMBDA or LET expression is an implicit BEGIN sequence .
The regexp ( seq < sre > ... ) is completely equivalent to ( : < sre > ... ) ; it 's included in order to have a syntax that does n't require : to be a legal symbol ( e.g. , for Common Lisp ) .
** Choices The SRE ( | < sre > ... ) is a regexp that matches anything any of the < sre > regexps match .
So the regular expression ( | " sasha " " Pete " ) matches either the string " sasha " or the string " Pete " .
The regexp ( | ( " aeiou " ) ( " 0123456789 " ) ) is the same as ( " aeiou0123456789 " )
The regexp ( or < sre > ... ) is completely equivalent to ( | < sre > ... ) ; it 's included in order to have a syntax that does n't require | to be a legal symbol .
** Repetition
There are several SRE forms that match multiple occurences of a regular expression .
For example , the SRE ( * < sre > ... ) matches zero or more occurences of the sequence ( : < sre > ... ) .
Here is the complete list of SRE repetition forms : SRE Means
At least no more than --- --------
-------- ----------- (* < sre > ... ) zero - or - more 0 infinity (+ < sre > ... ) one - or - more 1 infinity (?
< sre > ... ) zero - or - one 0 1 ( = < from > < sre > ... ) exactly -n < from > < from > ( >= < from > < sre > ... ) n- or - more < from > infinity ( ** < from > < to > < sre > ... ) n - to-m < from > < to > A < FROM > field is a Scheme expression that produces an integer .
A < TO > field is a Scheme expression that produces either an integer , or false , meaning infinity .
While it is illegal for the < from > or < to > fields to be negative , it * is* allowed for < from > to be greater than < to > in a ** form -- this simply produces a regexp that will never match anything .
As an example , we can describe the names of car / cdr access functions ( " car " , " cdr " , " cadr " , " cdar " , " caar " , " cddr " , " caaadr " , etc. ) with either of the SREs ( : " c " ( + ( | " a " " d " ) ) " r " ) ( : " c " ( + ( " ad " ) ) " r " )
We can limit the a/d chains to 4 characters or less with the SRE ( : " c " ( ** 1 4 ( " ad " ) ) " r " )
Some boundary cases : ( ** 5 2 " foo " ) ;
Will never match ( ** 0 0 " foo " ) ;
Matches the empty string ** Character classes
There is a special set of SRE's that form " character classes " -- basically , a regexp that matches one character from some specified set of characters .
There are operators to take the intersection , union , complement , and difference of character classes to produce a new character class .
( Except for union , these capabilities are not provided for general regexps as they are computationally intractable in the general case . )
A single character is the simplest character class -- #\x is a character class that matches only the character " x " .
A string that has only one letter is also a character class -- " x " is the same SRE as #\x .
The character - set notation ( < string > ) we 've seen is a primitive character class , as is the wildcard ANY .
When arguments to the choice operator , | , are all character classes , then the choice form is itself a character - class .
So these SREs are all character - classes : ( " aeiou " ) ( | #\a #\e # \i # \o # \u ) ( | ( " aeiou " ) ( " 1234567890 " ) )
However , these SRE's are * not* character - classes : " aeiou " ( | " foo " # \x ) The ( ~ < cset - sre > ... ) char class matches one character not in the specified classes : ( ~ ( " 0248 " ) ( " 1359 " ) ) matches any character that is not a digit .
More compactly , we can use the / operator to specify character sets by giving the endpoints of contiguous ranges , where the endpoints are specified by a sequence of strings and characters .
For example , any of these char classes (/ # \A # \Z #\a #\z # \0 # \9 ) (/ " AZ " # \a #\z " 09 " ) (/ " AZ " # \a " z09 " ) ( / " AZaz09 " ) matches a letter or a digit .
The range endpoints are taken in pairs to form inclusive ranges of characters .
Note that the exact set of characters included in a range is dependent on the underlying implementation 's character type , so ranges may not be portable across different implementations .
There is a wide selection of predefined , named character classes that may be used .
One such SRE is the wildcard ANY .
NONL is a character class matching anything but newline ; it is equivalent to ( ~ #
ewline ) and is useful as a wildcard in line - oriented matching .
There are also predefined named char classes for the standard Posix and Gnu character classes : scsh name Posix / ctype Alt name Comment -------------------------------------------------------
lower -case lower upper - case upper alphabetic alpha numeric digit num alphanumeric alnum alphanum punctuation punct graphic graph blank ( Gnu extension ) whitespace space white ( " space " is deprecated . ) printing print control cntrl hex - digit xdigit hex ascii ( Gnu extension )
See the scsh character - set documentation or the Posix isalpha(3 ) man page for the exact definitions of these sets .
You can use either the long scsh name or the shorter Posix and alternate names to refer to these char classes .
The standard Posix name " space " is provided , but deprecated , since it is ambiguous .
It means " whitespace , " the set of whitespace characters , not the singleton set of the #\space character .
If you want a short name for the set of whitespace characters , use the char - class name " white " instead .
Char classes may be intersected with the operator ( & < cset - sre > ... ) , and set - difference can be performed with ( - < cset - sre > ... ) .
These operators are particularly useful when you want to specify a set by negation * with respect to a limited universe * .
For example , the set of all non-vowel letters is (- alpha ( " aeiou " ) ( " AEIOU " ) ) whereas writing a simple complement ( ~ ( " aeiouAEIOU " ) ) gives a char class that will match any non-vowel -- including punctuation , digits , white space , control characters , and ASCII nul .
We can * compute * a char class by writing the SRE , < cset - exp > where < cset - exp > is a Scheme expression producing a value that can be coerced to a character set : a character set , character , one - character string , or char - class regexp value .
This regexp matches one character from the set .
The char - class SRE , @< cset - exp > is entirely equivalent to , < cset - exp > when < cset - exp > produces a character set ( but see below for the more general non-char - class context , where there * is* a distinction between , < exp > and , @< exp > ) .
Example :
An SRE that matches a lower - case vowel , upper - case letter , or digit is ( | ( " aeiou " ) ( / " AZ09 " ) ) or , equivalently ( | ( " aeiou " ) upper - case numeric )
Boundary cases : the empty - complement char class ( ~ ) matches any character ; it is equivalent to any The empty - union char class ( | ) never matches at all .
This is rarely useful for human - written regexps , but may be of occasional utility in machine - generated regexps , perhaps produced by macros .
The rules for determining if an SRE is a simple , char - class SRE or a more complex SRE form a little " type system " for SRE's .
See the summary section preceding this one for a complete listing of these rules .
**
Case sensitivity
There are three forms that control case sensitivity : ( uncase < sre > ... ) ( w/ case < sre > ... ) ( w/ nocase < sre > ... )
UNCASE is a regexp operator producing a regexp that matches any case permutation of any string that matches ( : < sre > ... ) .
For example , the regexp ( uncase " foo " ) matches the strings foo , foO , fOo , fOO , Foo , ... Expressions in SRE notation are interpreted in a lexical case - sensitivy context .
The forms W/ CASE and W / NOCASE are the scoping operators for this context , which controls how constant strings and char- class forms are interpreted in their bodies .
So , for example , the regexp ( w/ nocase " abc " (* " FOO " ( w/ case " Bar " ) ) ( " aeiou " ) ) defines a case - insensitive match for all of its elements except for the sub-element " Bar " , which must match exactly capital - B , little - a , little -r .
The default , the outermost , top - level context is case sensitive .
The lexical case - sensitivity context affects the interpretation of - constant strings , such as " foo " - chars , such as #\x - char sets , such as ( " abc " ) - ranges , such as ( / " az " ) that appear within that context .
It does not affect dynamically computed regexps -- ones that are introduced by , < exp > and , @< exp > forms .
It does not affect named char - classes -- presumably , if you wrote LOWER , you did n't mean ALPHA .
UNCASE is * not* the same as W / NOCASE .
To point up one distinction , consider the two regexps ( uncase ( ~ " a " ) ) ( w/ nocase ( ~ " a " ) )
The regexp ( ~ " a " ) matches any character except " a " -- which means it * does * match " A " .
Now , ( uncase < re > ) matches any case - permutation of a string that < re > matches . ( ~ " a " ) matches " A " , so ( uncase ( ~ " a " ) ) matches " A " and " a " -- and , for that matter , every other character .
So ( uncase ( ~ " a " ) ) is equivalent to ANY .
In contrast , ( w/ nocase ( ~ " a " ) ) establishes a case - insensitive lexical context in which the " a " is interpreted , making the SRE equivalent to ( ~ ( " aA " ) ) .
** Dynamic regexps SRE notation allows you to compute parts of a regular expressions at run time .
The SRE , < exp > is a regexp whose body < exp > is a Scheme expression producing a string , character , char - set , or regexp as its value .
Strings and characters are converted into constant regexps ; char-sets are converted into char - class regexps ; and regexp values are substituted in place .
So we can write regexps like this ( : " feeding the " , ( if (> n 1 ) " geese " " goose " ) )
This is how you can drop computed strings , such as someone 's name , or the decimal numeral for a computed number , into a complex regexp .
If we have a large , complex regular expression that is used multiple times in some other , containing regular expression , we can name it , using the binding forms of the embedding language ( e.g. , Scheme ) , and refer to it by name in the containing expression .
E.g. : The Scheme expression ( let* ( ( ws ( rx (+ whitespace ) ) ) ;
Seq of whitespace ( date ( rx ( : ( | " Jan " " Feb " " Mar " ... ) ;
A month / day date . , ws ( | ( " 123456789 " ) ; 1 - 9 ( : ( " 12 " ) digit ) ; 10 - 29 " 30 " " 31 " ) ) ) ) ) ; 30 -31 ;; Now we can use DATE several times : ( rx ... , date ... (* ... , date ... ) ... .... , date ) ) where the ( RX < sre > ... ) macro is the Scheme special form that produces a Scheme regexp value given a body in SRE notation .
As we saw in the char - class section , if a dynamic regexp is used in a char - class context ( e.g. , as an argument to a ~ operation ) , the expression must be coercable not merely to a general regexp , but to a character set -- so it must be either a singleton string , a character , a scsh char set , or a char - class regexp .
We can also define and use functions on regexps in the host language .
For example , ( define ( csl re ) ; A comma-separated list of RE's is either ( rx ( | " " ; zero of them ( empty string ) , or ( : , re ; RE followed by (* " , " , re ) ) ) ) ) ; zero or more comma-space - RE matches .
( rx ... , date ... , ( csl ( rx ( | " John " " Paul " " George " " Ringo " ) ) ) ... ... , ( csl date ) ...)
I leave the extension of CSL to allow for an optional " and " between the last two matches as an exercise for the interested reader ( e.g. , to match " John , Paul , George and Ringo " ) .
Note , in passing , one of the nice features of SRE notation : SREs can be commented .
When we embed a computed regexp inside another regular expression with the , < exp > form , we must specify how to account for the submatches that may be in the computed part .
For example , suppose we have the regexp ( rx ( submatch (* " foo " ) ) ( submatch ( ? " bar " ) ) , ( f x ) ( submatch " baz " ) )
It 's clear that the submatch for the (* " foo " ) part of the regexp is submatch # 1 , and the ( ? " bar " ) part is submatch # 2 .
But what number submatch is the " baz " submatch ?
It 's not clear .
Suppose the Scheme expression ( f x ) produces a regular expression that itself has 3 subforms .
Are these counted ( making the " baz " submatch # 6 ) , or not counted ( making the " bar " submatch # 3 ) ?
SRE notation provides for both possibilities .
The SRE , < exp > does * not* contribute its submatches to its containing regexp ; it has zero submatches .
So one can reliably assign submatch indices to forms appearing after a , < exp > form in a regexp .
On the other hand , the SRE , @< exp > " splices " its resulting regexp into place , * exposing * its submatches to the containing regexp .
This is useful if the computed regexp is defined to produce a certain number of submatches -- if that is part of < exp > 's " contract . " ** String , line , and word units
The regexps BOS and EOS match the empty string at the beginning and end of the string , respectively .
The regexps BOL and EOL match the empty string at the beginning and end of a line , respectively .
A line begins at the beginning of the string , and just after every newline character .
A line ends at the end of the string , and just before every newline character .
The char class NONL matches any character except newline , and is useful in conjunction with line - based pattern matching .
The regexps BOW and EOW match the empty string at the beginning and end of a word , respectively .
A word is a contiguous sequence of characters that are either alphanumeric or the underscore character .
The regexp ( WORD < sre > ... ) surrounds the sequence ( : < sre > ... ) with bow / eow delimiters .
It is equivalent to ( : bow < sre > ... eow )
The regexp ( WORD + < cset - sre > ... ) matches a word whose body is one or more word characters also in one of the < class - arg > classes .
It is equivalent to ( word (+ ( & ( | alphanumeric " _ " ) ( | < cset - sre > ... ) ) ) )
For example , a word not containing x , y , or z is ( word + ( ~ ( " xyz " ) ) )
The regexp WORD matches one word ; it is equivalent to ( word + any ) [ Note : BOL and EOL are not supported by scsh 's current regexp search engine , which is Spencer 's Posix matcher .
This is the only element of the notation that is not supported by the current scsh reference implementation . ]
** Miscellaneous elements *** Posix string notation The SRE ( posix - string < string > ) , where < string > is a string literal ( * not* a general Scheme expression ) , allows one to use Posix string notation for a regexp .
It 's intended as backwards compatibility and is deprecated .
Example : ( posix - string " [ aeiou ] +
|x * |y { 3,5} " ) matches a string of vowels , a possibly empty string of x's , or three to five y's .
***
Deleted submatches DSM's are a subtle feature that are never required in expressions written by humans .
They can be introduced by the simplifier when reducing regular expressions to simpler equivalents , and are included in the syntax to give it expressibility spanning the full regexp ADT .
They may appear when unparsing simplified regular expressions that have been run through the simplifier ; otherwise you are not likely to see them .
Feel free to skip this section .
The regexp simplifier can sometimes eliminate entire sub-expressions from a regexp .
For example , the regexp ( : " foo " ( ** 0 0 " apple " ) " bar " ) can be simplified to " foobar " since ( ** 0 0 " apple " ) will always match the empty string .
The regexp ( | " foo " ( : " Richard " ( | ) " Nixon " ) " bar " ) can be simplified to ( | " foo " " bar " )
The empty choice ( | ) ca n't match anything , so the whole ( : " Richard " ( | ) " Nixon " ) sequence can't match , and we can remove it from the choice .
However , if deleting part of a regular expression removes a submatch form , any following submatch forms will have their numbering changed , which would be an error .
For example , if we simplify ( : (** 0 0 ( submatch " apple " ) ) ( submatch " bar " ) ) to ( submatch " bar " ) then the " bar " submatch changes from submatch 2 to submatch 1 -- so this is not a legal simplification .
When the simplifier deletes a sub -regexp that contains submatches , it introduces a special regexp form to account for the missing , deleted submatches , thus keeping the submatch accounting correct .
( dsm < pre > < post > < sre > ... ) is a regexp that matches the sequence ( : < sre > ... ) .
< Pre > and < post > are integer constants .
The DSM form introduces < pre > deleted submatches before the body , and < post > deleted submatches after the body .
If the body ( : < sre > ... ) itself has body - sm submatches , then the total number of submatches for the DSM form is (+ < pre > body - sm < post > )
These extra , deleted submatches are never assigned string indices in any match values produced when matching the regexp against a string .
As examples , ( | ( : ( submatch " Richard " ) ( | ) " Nixon " ) ( submatch " bar " ) ) can be simplified to ( dsm 1 0 ( submatch " bar " ) )
The regexp ( : (** 0 0 ( submatch " apple " ) ) ( submatch " bar " ) ) can be simplified to ( dsm 1 0 ( submatch " bar " ) ) ** Embedding regexps within Scheme programs SRE 's can be placed in a Scheme program using the ( rx < sre > ...)
Scheme form , which evaluates to a Scheme regexp value .
** Static and dynamic regexps
We separate SRE expressions into two classes : static and dynamic expressions .
A * static* expression is one that has no run-time dependencies ; it is a complete , self - contained description of a regular set .
A * dynamic * expression is one that requires run-time computation to determine the particular regular set being described .
There are two places where one can embed run-time computations in an SRE : - The < from > or < to > repetition counts of ** , = , and >= forms ; - , < exp > and , @< exp > forms .
A static SRE is one that does not contain any , < exp > or , @< exp > forms , and whose ** , = , and >= forms all contain constant repetition counts .
Scsh 's RX macro is able , at macro- expansion time , to completely parse , simplify and translate any static SRE into the equivalent Posix string which is used to drive the underlying C - based matching engine ; there is no run-time overhead .
Dynamic SRE's are partially simplified and then expanded into Scheme code that constructs the regexp at run-time .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Discussion and design notes
-----------------------------
Many considerations drove the design of the SRE notation .
I took advantage of ideas found in the s-expression notations of Manuel Serrano 's Bigloo systems - programming Scheme implementation and Michael Sperber 's Scheme 48 design .
I also considered features found in many traditional regexp implementations , including the Posix standard , Henry Spencer 's package , Tom Lord 's rx system , gnu regex , and Perl 's system .
Features that did n't make it into the scsh system are not there for a reason .
Lord 's package provided the name for the basic SRE macro , which is agreeably brief .
Another late - breaking related system : the day prior to the release of this document , I was pointed to a similar new package that has been implemented for gnu emacs , Bob Glickstein 's sregex.el .
Sregex.el 's notation is strikingly similar to SRE , but SRE notation seems to be a superset in functionality , and it provides a real ADT for run-time computation of regexps instead of using the list - structure form of the expression ( this is discussed in more detail below ) .
What follows is a loose collection of design notes .
**
No lazy repetition operators SRE notation does not provide lazy repeat forms , of the kind found in perl .
Lazy repeat forms have problems .
In principle , a regexp does n't specify a matching algorithm , it specifies a * set of strings * .
Lazy submatches violate this principle .
Providing lazy submatches forces a particular matching algorithm : an NDFA - based backtracking search engine -- you can't use a fast DFA no -backtracking engine .
I chose to restrict the notation to keep it algorithm - independent .
( This is n't strictly true -- we sleaze in one area : submatches require an NDFA searcher , but the standard C - based DFA engines have clever hacks for dealing with this . )
Also , lazy submatches can't be implemented with a Posix search engine , and I wanted to allow for this .
Note that an alternative to perl 's lazy repeat forms would be to have a flag in the match and search functions telling it to provide either the leftmost longest or the leftmost shortest match .
This is a * global * property of the whole regexp , not of a particular part , and can be easily provided by either DFA or NDFA engines .
I suspect this would handle many ( most ? all ? ) of the cases where perl hackers want lazy repetition operators .
But it is more in the spirit of regexps , where one notates a * regular set * of strings with a regexp , then asks the matcher to find a match -- it 's the matcher 's business how it will choose from multiple matches to strings in the set .
Finally , my suspicion is that the sort of things people do with lazy repetition operators ( e.g. , match delimited < foo > ... </ foo> regions in html text ) are abusing regexps , pushing them beyond their real capabilities , which is asking for trouble .
Strings of balanced delimiters are n't regular ; you should be using more powerful parsing tools if this is what you want to do .
Do n't break regexps to handle this case in a fragile way ; design a different parsing tool .
For an example of a more powerful parsing tool , see the elegant parser tool , READ / RP , in Serrano 's Scheme system bigloo . **
No named submatches
One might want a feature wherein we could * name * our submatches , instead of referring to them by their numerical index in the regexp .
Perhaps something like ( : ... ( named - match phone - num ( = 3 digit ) " - " ( = 4 digit ) ) ... ) which would somehow " bind " phone - num to the substring matching the seven - digit phone number .
This is awkward .
The problem is that binding introduces issues of scope -- what is the scope of an identifier " bound " in a regexp ?
Suppose the SRE is used in a Scheme form to produce a first - class regexp value , which can be passed around in and out of various scopes ?
Clearly , somehow using Scheme 's variables is n't going to work .
If one then turns to symbol - indexed tables , one is leaving the language - level for binding , and moving to run -time data values .
This is inefficient and awkward .
Furthermore , what are the precedence rules when the same identifier is bound multiple times in the same SRE ?
There 's no shame in positional , indexed references .
It 's how parameters are passed in Scheme procedure calls .
It 's the natural mechanism that arises for regexps , so that 's what is provided .
One might consider a hairy named - submatch system where one would specify in a * single form * ( 1 ) an SRE with named submatches , ( 2 ) a string to match / search , and ( 3 ) a body of code to be conditionally evaluated in the scope of the bound names .
This would use names in a way that was tightly integrated with Scheme , which is good .
But you must now wrestle with some very tricky issues : - Are the names bound to substrings or pairs of start / stop indices into the source text ?
Sometimes you want one , sometimes the other .
-
You have to give up on passing regexps around as first - class values .
SRE's are now scope - introducing , variable - binding syntax , like LET or LAMBDA .
So much for , < exp > and the power of dynamic regexps .
-
What to do about a name that appears multiple times in the regexp ?
I did not go down this path .
Be one with the system ; do n't fight against it .
( However , see the LET - MATCH , IF - MATCH , and MATCH - COND forms , which provide matching , positional name - binding , and control transfers in a consistent manner . ) **
No intersection or negation operators
The SRE notation supports a general union operator , the choice form ( | < sre > ... ) .
However , the rest of the set algebra -- negation , intersection , and subtraction -- is restricted to character sets .
Would n't it be nice to extend these operators to apply to general regexps ?
After all , regular sets * are * closed under these operations , and they are useful , so they should be in the toolkit .
They are n't in for two reasons : 1 . Combinatoric explosion Intersection forces you to convert your regexp to a DFA , which can entail exponential growth in the state space .
After the exponential explosion , you work in the cross-product of the two DFA 's state spaces , for another multiplicative factor .
It 's hard to control .
Negation presents similar difficulties , in either time ( DFA ) or space ( NDFA ) .
2 . Standard C engines do n't provide it .
( Because of reason # 1 . )
Sure , it'd be great to have them anyway .
What you probably want is a direct - in - Scheme DFA / NDFA toolkit .
Then you can take your regexp , convert it to a DFA , do the intersection , and either interpret the result machine , or translate it to Scheme code for direct execution .
The programmer would have to take responsibility for managing the potential for combinatorial explosion .
It 's a great idea .
You do it .
I was careful to design the notation to allow for it -- you do n't even have to introduce new operators , just lift the char - class " typing " restriction on the existing ~ , - , and & ops .
Note that just by allowing general set operations on character classes , we 're still way out in front of traditional notation , which does n't provide this feature at all .
**
No name - binding forms SRE notation does n't have a form for binding names to regexps ; this is punted to the host language by way of the , < exp > mechanism .
This is arguably a lack from the point of view of SRE's as a completely standalone , static notation , independent of their embedding language .
But enough is enough .
** No SRE macros
It 's a shame that we can't provide a means of allowing programmers to define their own SRE macros , by which I do * not* mean Scheme expressions that contain SRE forms , but * new * classes of SRE form , beyond ( : ... ) , ( | ... ) and friends .
For example , the ( WORD + < cset - sre > ... ) form is not really primitive ; it can be defined by way of expansion to ( : bow ( & ( | alphanum " _ " ) ( | < cset - sre > ... ) ) eow )
A given task might profit from allowing the programmer to extend SRE's by way of rewriting forms into the base SRE notation .
But Scheme does not support this -- it only provides macros for Scheme expressions .
Too bad . **
No back - references Completely non-regular -- there 's a reason these were dropped from Posix ' " extended " (= " modern " ) regexp notation . **
No " syntax classes " " Syntax classes " are a gnu-emacs feature for describing certain character sets .
SRE already has a powerful set of character - set operators , and the whole notion of " syntax class " is emacs specific .
So they were n't included .
** Range notation
One might consider it more " Schemey " to have the char - class range notation specify the from / to pairs as two - element lists , e.g. ( / ( # \a # \z ) ( # \0 # \ 9 ) ) or maybe even ( / ( # \a . # \z ) ( # \0 . # \9 ) )
If we do things this way , the structure of the s-expression more closely mirrors the underlying structure of the form .
Well , yes .
But it 's hard to read -- I claim that ripping out all the sharp signs , backslashes , dots and extra parens is much easier on your eyes : ( / " az09 " ) and I am unable to see what the extra pairing overhead buys you over and above gratuitous notational bloat .
Remember that this notation is designed primarily for * human * producers and consumers .
The * machine * does n't see the * notation * ; it sees the nice , regular ADT .
**
Big notation SRE notation is baroque -- there are a lot of ways to write the same regexp .
This is not accidental .
The idea is to make a notation that is as expressive as possible for human - written documents .
The ADT , in contrast , is simple and spare -- it is designed to be operated upon by programs .
** Implementation complexity
This implementation is much more complex than I 'd like ; there are three main reasons .
The first reason is the strategy of parsing SRE's , not directly to Scheme code , but instead to regexp records , which can then be simplified and then unparsed to Scheme code ( or other forms , such as SRE or Posix string ) .
Centering the design on the ADT was the right thing to do , as it enables other unparsers to use the same " front - end " parser -- for example , if someone wanted to write a macro that expanded ( static ) SRE 's into a LETREC directly implementing the DFA , it would be much easier to work from the ADT than directly from the SRE form .
It also enables the macro to apply a lot of processing to the form at compile - time , such as the simplifier , giving us a sleazy but effective form of partial evaluation .
However ... we pay a price in complexity to do things this way .
Code that processes regexp records that might be used * at macro- expansion time * must be written to tolerate the presence of Scheme * code * in record fields that would ordinarily only contain Scheme * values * -- for example , the FROM and TO fields of the repeat record .
I got a lot of code reuse by making these records do double - duty as both the regexp ADT * and * the compiler 's syntax tree ( AST ) for expressions computing these values -- but I had to get the code that did double - duty * just right * , which meant being careful to add code / value checks on all accesses to these fields .
( Note that * user * code manipulates run- time regexp values , and so will never see anything but values in these fields . )
The second reason is the inherent difficulty in translating general character sets to [...]
Posix character classes , which seem simple at first , but turn out to have very awkward special - case restrictions on the grammar -- I discuss this at length in a later section .
The char - set rendering code is made more complex than it could have been because I made an effort to render them into concise , readable descriptions , using ranges and ^ negation where possible to minimise the notation .
The final major influence on the code complexity is all the bookkeeping that is involved in submatches and DSM's .
Tracking DSM 's complicates just about all parts of the system : the data - structures , the simplifier , the parser , and so on .
It 's really amazing how this one feature comes to dominate all the processing .
But it has to be done .
Submatches are an indispensable part of the way we use regexps .
Simplification -- the process that introduces DSM's -- is not an option : SRE syntax is more general than traditional syntax , and permits authors to write expressions that do n't have representations in traditional syntax .
Simplifying the regular expression rewrites these un-translatable cases into equivalent cases that * are * translatable .
So we must simplify before translating to Posix strings , hence we are stuck with DSM's .
I went to the trouble of doing a full - bore implementation to have a reference implementation for others to steal .
So the complexity of the coding should n't throw anyone who wants to use this notation ; it 's all been implemented .
**
Should anchors be primitive regexps or operators ?
There are two ways to do anchors , such as BOL and EOL , in an s-expression syntax .
One way is to have them be primitive regexps that match the empty string in a particular context ( which is how it is done in SRE syntax ) .
The alternate method , found in some other designs I have studied , is to have anchors be * operators * with bodies , e.g. ( at - bos " foo " (* " " ) " bar " ) which would match a " foo < white - space > bar " string , anchoring the match to the beginning of the string .
This works reasonably well for beginning - of - element anchors , but with end - of - element anchors , it puts the operator on the wrong side -- the left side -- of the regexp body : ( at - eol " foo " ( * " " ) " bar " )
The end - of - line in this pattern occurs after the " bar " , but the operator 's way over on the other side of the regexp body .
This gets especially ugly when we want to delimit both sides of the body : ( at - eol ( at - bos " foo " ( * " " ) " bar " ) )
Too many parens ; too much nesting ; too hard to read .
I went with the magic - empty - string primitive regexp model : ( : bos " foo " (* " " ) " bar " eos ) ** Character class operators
In an earlier version of this notation , I had a distinct subnotation for character classes , with a distinct non-| operator for char - set union .
This provided a simple , syntactic way to separate the char - set set algebra from the other operations of the language , to ensure you did n't try to complement or intersect general regexps .
The char - set operators were IN , - , & , ~ for union , difference , intersection , and complement .
Inside these operators , simple strings stood for character sets .
So we 'd write the any - vowel SRE ( in " aeiou " ) instead of ( " aeiou " ) .
Shifting over to a distinct SRE form for constant char sets -- ( " aeiou " ) -- allowed me throw out the whole syntactic division between char-sets and other regexps , replacing this division with a " type system " restricting non-union set operations to char-sets .
This seems like a big improvement for two reasons : - The syntax was simplified and made less context - dependent .
-
Should we ever wish to extend the regexp system to allow for set operations on general regexps , the notation does n't have to be changed or extended at all .
** Operator names
Always a painful task .
Here are some random notes on my choices .
Before choosing W/ CASE and W / NOCASE , I considered CASE - SENSITIVE and CASE -INSENSITIVE and CASE0 CASE1 but the former is far too long , and the latter was insufficiently clear .
One early reviewer ( Rees ) asked me where were CASE2 , CASE3 , et al .
So I went with W / CASE and W / NOCASE .
I considered CASE - FOLD before selecting UNCASE .
UNCASE is shorter and seems no more or less clear .
I considered &/+/~/- for the set algebra ops -- it 's a nice , consistent , terse operator set .
This would give us an R5RS - sanctioned operator for union , as an alternative to the slightly iffy |.
But if we use + for union , there is some pressure to use * for intersection , by way of analogy with mod -2 addition / multiplication .
But * is already assigned to a repetition operator .
Furthermore , + is also already taken , by the 1.. infinity repetition operator .
Not only are these * and + assignments firmly ingrained in traditional syntax , I could n't come up with a good , short alternative for the repetition operators , so I kept them + and *. | is also the and / or mate of & in C , so it 's natural to pair them in an and / or intersection / union manner .
I also considered and / or / not / diff for the char - set algebra ops .
But the names are too long for such common primitives .
**
No collating elements Posix has this completely opaque feature of character sets called " collating elements . "
It 's some mechanism whereby you can , in a locale - independent way , get a pair of characters to sort as one character , or have a German strasse ( the one that looks like a beta ) character sort like a pair of s's .
This stuff , which I am unable to understand without bleeding from the nose and ears , is part of the full Posix regexp spec -- you can say things like [ [ =ch= ] ] and get a character class which will actually match two characters out of a target string , if your locale defines a collating element < ch > .
My system does n't support this at all .
SRE char - class expressions are rendered to scsh character sets , which are then rendered into [...] sets containing the elements of those sets .
The rendered [...] expressions never contain [.. ] , [ == ] , or [ : :] elements .
As I discuss below , I 'm willing to support a super - ASCII character type , such as Unicode or big - 5 or latin - 1 .
What I find objectionable is the idea of " collation elements " that can match more than one character in a row .
I 'm open to more suggestions on this front .
** Character set dependencies
If you wanted to do a Unicode version of my package , you 'd have to redo the scsh character - set machinery , and also the char - set unparsers in the regexp backends .
If you wanted to do a Latin - 1 version , you 'd need to slightly tune scsh 's primitive character sets ( such as char- set : alphabetic ) .
The SRE -> Posix string character - class rendering code is written to be as independent as possible of the character type , but it has some dependencies , and would need to be tuned .
This is straightforward to do and makes sense in the global context in which we now program .
However , I 'm an American ( = functionally monolingual ) , and so not as expert on the various internationalisation issues as a European or Asian would be -- so I 'm punting it for now .
** Problems with traditional regexps SRE notation was intended to fix a lot of things I did n't like about working with traditional notation .
***
Traditional regexp notation does n't scale over large regexps Traditional regexp notation has a lot of problems , and the bigger the regexp , the worse they get : - They can't be laid out to express their structure with indentation .
-
They can't be commented .
-
They do n't have an abstraction mechanism -- parts can't be named and used , functions can't be defined .
( This can be hacked using mechanisms like sprintf ( ) , but it is awkward and error prone . )
*** String constants
There 's no need to backquote special characters in SRE string constants .
Just write them down in Scheme string - literal syntax .
***
Traditional regexp notation does n't scale to rich operator sets Traditional notation tries to use single characters as its operators : . * ( ) ^ $ and so forth .
Unfortunately , the more chars you reserve as operators , the more backslash - quoting you have to do when you write down constant strings .
Eventually , you run out of special characters .
Using a single special character to prefix operators ( as Gnu regexps do with backslash ) rapidly renders regexps unreadable -- especially when these backslashes have to be doubled to get them into the host language 's string literals .
When regexp packages such as Gnu , Perl , or Spencer start to expand their operator repertoires , they are forced to adopt very unwieldy syntactic mechanisms .
For example , Spencer 's notation for beginning - of - word and end - of - word boundaries are [ [ :<:]] and [ [ :>:] ] , a somewhat bizarre bit of syntactic jiggering .
S - expressions , on the other hand , are a little more verbose for simple forms , but paying this cost up - front gets you into a general framework that is extremely extensible .
It 's easy to add many new operators to the SRE syntax -- as a result , SRE can be a very rich syntax .
You choose : SRE : ( w/ nocase ( word + ( ~ ( " aeiou " ) ) ) )
Brand X : " [ [ :<:]]( [ b- df-hj-np-tv-zB-DF-HJ-NP - TV - Z ] ) + [ [ : > ] ] "
Note that not one of the three operators used in the SRE version is available in traditional notation .
That tells the story right there .
*** Traditional regexp [...] classes
There is a slew of special cases in the Posix grammar for [...] classes to shoehorn [... ]'s special chars ( carat , right bracket , and hyphen ) into the notation as set elements .
Examples : - Right bracket terminates a char class ... unless it 's the first character following the left bracket ... or the second character , following an initial ^. -
To put in a carat , place it at the * end* ( well , perhaps * next * to the end , if you also want to put in a hyphen ) -- unless it 's the only element , then just punt the whole [...] , and write it as a character .
-
To put in a minus sign , really place it at the end , even after a carat .
Unless , that is , the whole char set is just the two characters carat and hyphen , in which case you 'd have [ ^-] , which would mean something else entirely -- so in this one case , flip the order of the two characters , and put hyphen first : [ - ^ ] . -
Be sure never to accidentally place a left - bracket element next to an equals sign , colon , or period , because [ = , [ : , and [. are collating element open - delimiters in Posix regexps -- you can say things like " [ ABC [ : lower : ] 123 ] " to get A , B , C , 1 , 2 , 3 and all the lower - case letters .
Better shuffle the class elements around to avoid these juxtapositions .
-
There 's no way , at all , to write the empty character class . ( " [ ] " is not syntactically legal ; if you try " [ ^\000 - \177 ] " , you will probably blow up your C regexp engine with the non-terminating nul byte , and , in any event , you are being ASCII specific . )
This is not even the whole set of special exceptions .
You start putting special characters into your [...] char classes , and you walk into a mine field .
Who designed this mess ?
As evidence of this complexity , the code that translates general Scheme character sets into this notation is the single largest and most complicated part of the ADT -> Posix - string compiler .
Better , however , that the unparser code puzzle out how to represent sets given all these ill - structured , error - prone rules than for you to have to waste time thinking about it yourself , as you must when you use traditional notation .
Even with its baroque syntactic rule set , the [...] construct is pretty limited -- it lacks the compositional elements and general set operators that SRE char classes have .
Writing a [...] form that will match any non-vowel letter is pretty painful because there is no set - difference operator : [ b-df-hj-np-tv-zB-DF-HJ-NP -TV - Z ]
You'd have to stare at this for a minute to figure out what it is .
The corresponding SRE is much more transparent : (- alpha ( " aeiouAEIOU " ) )
*** ASCII nul and newline Does .
match a ASCII nul ?
Does it match a newline ?
Does [ ^x ] ?
Unforunately , the same expressions have different meanings depending on the implementation and the flags passed to the pattern - compiler functions .
In SRE notation , the behaviour of each element is unambiguously defined .
No surprises ; no misunderstandings .
*** Newline Various regexp systems can never seem to agree on the treatment of newline .
Is it matched by . or [ ^x ] ?
Do the anchors ^ and $ match beginning / end of line , or just beginning / end of string ?
Gnu regexps do it one way ; Posix , another .
Posix provides a compile - time flag that shifts the meaning of all these constructs from string - oriented to line - oriented -- but multiplexing the notation in this global way means you can't do a bit of each in the same regexp .
SRE 's do n't have this problem , partly because they are n't restricted to just using punctuation characters such as .
[ ] ^ $ for operators .
It was straightforward to add both bos / eos / any * and* bol / eol / nonl .
Say what you mean ; mean what you say .
( Unfortunately , I do n't have an underlying C engine that * implements * both eos / bos and bol / eol matching .
But I 've got a driver , and that 's a start . )
*** Submatch and grouping Parens are overloaded in Posix syntax as both grouping operators and as submatch markers .
Some implementations extend the traditional syntax with awkward non-submatch - introducing grouping parentheses , but they are non-standard extensions and syntactically awkward .
S- expressions , on the other hand , have no precedence issues , so grouping is distinct from the submatch operator .
Removing these spurious submatches can have huge performance benefits , since submatch assignment rules out non-backtracking DFA search ( roughly speaking ) .
*** Grammar ambiguity
The traditional syntax has a lot of squirrelly cases in the grammar to trip up the unwary .
Some examples : - Is " x + * " the regexp ( * ( + " x " ) ) or is it ( : ( + " x " ) ( * " " ) ) ? - Is " " an empty choice ( SRE ( | ) , which never matches anything ) , or an empty sequence ( SRE ( : ) , which always matches the empty string ) ?
SRE syntax does n't have any of these problems .
*** Grammar limitations
As we 've seen , there 's no way to write an empty match in Posix notation , i.e. something that will never match . [ ] is not an empty class , due to bizarre special - casing of right - bracket in the special context of immediately following a left bracket or left - bracket / carat .
This may not seem important , but the generality can be handy when the regexp expressions are being computed , not hand - written ( e.g. , by a macro , or when unparsing an ADT value ) .
Notations should provide coverage all the way out to the boundary cases .
When they fail to do this , someone , sooner or later , runs into trouble .
***
No exported ADT
It 's hard to compute regexps with the string representation -- for example , if you want to drop a constant string into a regexp , you have to write a routine to quote the special chars .
Code that wants to manipulate regexps in terms of their structure is much harder to write in terms of the string form than the structured ADT values .
As one of Perlis ' aphorisms states ,
The string is a stark data structure and everywhere it is passed there is much duplication of process .
It is a perfect vehicle for hiding information .
Working in terms of the grammar keeps you one step removed from the level at which you want to be operating , and the grammar does n't even permit you write down straighforward boundary cases , such as the empty choice , the empty sequence , or the empty char class .
*** Comments
You can comment SRE notation .
The traditional notation does n't permit this .
This is a big problem for large , complex regexps .
( To be fair , Perl 's non-standard syntax * does * permit comments to be interleaved with pieces of a regexp . )
***
Case sensitivity Traditional notation has no support for case - sensitivity .
While the Posix pattern - compiler allows for a case - insensitive flag to be globally applied to a whole pattern , this is distinct from the notation itself -- not the right thing -- and does not provide for locality of scope .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Regexp functions
------------------
( string - match posix - re - string string [ start ] ) -> match or false ( make - regexp posix - re - string ) -> re
Old functions for backwards compatibility .
Will go away at some point in the future .
( rx sre ... )
Regexp macro
This allows you to describe a regexp value with SRE notation .
( regexp ? x ) -> bool ( regexp - search re str [ start flags ] ) -> false or match - data ( regexp - search ?
re str [ start flags ] ) -> boolean FLAGS is bitwise - or of regexp / bos - not - bol and regexp / eos - not - eol .
regexp / bos - not - bol means the beginning of the string is n't a line - begin.
regexp / eos - not - eol is analogous .
[ They 're currently ignored because BOL and EOL are n't supported . ]
Use REGEXP - SEARCH ?
when you do n't need submatch information , as it has the potential to be * significantly * faster on submatch - containing regexps .
There is no longer a separate regexp " compilation " function ; regexp records are compiled for the C engine on demand , and the resulting C structures are cached in the regexp structure after the first use .
( match : start m [ i ] ) -> int or false ( match : end m [ i ] ) -> int or false ( match : substring m [ i ] ) -> string or false ( regexp - substitute port - or - false match - data . items )
An item is a string ( copied verbatim ) , integer ( match index ) , ' pre ( chars before the match ) , or ' post ( chars after the match ) .
#f for port means return a string .
See the scsh manual for more details .
( regexp - substitute / global port - or - false re str . items )
Same as above , except ' post item means recurse on post - match substring .
If RE does n't match STR , returns STR .
( let - match match - exp mvars body ... )
Syntax ( if - match match - exp mvars on - match no-match ) Syntax MVARS is a list of vars that is bound to the match and submatches of the string ; # F is allowed as a do n't - care element .
For example , ( let - match ( regexp - search date s ) ( whole - date month day year ) ... body ... ) matches the regexp against string s , then evaluates the body of the let - match in a scope where M is bound to the matched string , and SM2 is bound to the string matched by the second submatch .
IF - MATCH is similar , but if the match expression is false , then the no-match expression is evaluated ; this would be an error in LET - MATCH .
( match - cond ( < match-exp > < match - vars > < body > ... ) ;
As in if - match ( test < exp > < body > ... ) ;
As in cond ( test < exp > => < proc > ) ;
As in cond ( else < body > ... ) ) ;
As in cond ( flush - submatches re ) -> re ; Returned value has no submatches ( uncase re ) -> re ; Case - fold regexp ( simplify - regexp re ) -> re ; Simplify the regexp ( uncase - char - set cset ) -> re ( uncase - string str ) -> re ( sre-> regexp sre ) -> re ; S- expression parser ( regexp - > sre re ) -> sre ; S- expression unparser ( posix - string -> regexp string ) -> re ; Posix regexp parser ( regexp - > posix - string re ) -> string ; Posix regexp unparser -
The string parser does n't handle the exotica of character class names such as [ [ :alnum : ] ] ; I wrote in in three hours .
-
The unparser produces Spencer - specific strings for bow / eow elements ; otherwise , it 's Posix all the way .
You can use these tools to map between scsh regexps and Posix regexp strings , which can be useful if you want to do conversion between SRE's and Posix form .
For example , you can write a particularly complex regexp in SRE form , or compute it using the ADT constructors , then convert to Posix form , print it out , cut and paste it into a C or emacs lisp program .
Or you can import an old regexp from some other program , parse it into an ADT value , render it to an SRE , print it out , then cut and paste it into a scsh program .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *
The scsh regexp ADT ---------------------
The following functions may be used to construct and examine scsh 's regexp abstract data type .
** Sequences ( re-seq ? x ) -> boolean ;
Type predicate ( make - re- seq . re-list ) -> re ; Basic constructor ( re-seq . re-list ) -> re ; Smart constructor ( re-seq:elts re ) -> re-list ; Accessors ( re- seq:tsm re ) -> integer ; . ** Choices ( re-choice ? x ) -> boolean ;
Type predicate ( make - re- choice re-list ) -> re ; Basic constructor ( re-choice . re-list ) -> re ; Smart constructor ( re-choice : elts . re ) -> re-list ; Accessors ( re-choice : tsm re ) -> integer ; . ** Repetition ( re-repeat ? x ) -> boolean ;
Type predicate ( make - re - repeat from to body ) ; Basic constructor ( re - repeat from to body ) ; Smart constructor ( re - repeat : body re ) -> re ; Accessors ( re - repeat : from re ) -> integer ; . ( re - repeat : to re ) -> integer ; . ( re - repeat : tsm re ) -> integer ; . ** Submatches ( re-submatch ? x ) -> boolean ;
Type predicate ( make - re - submatch body [ pre - dsm post - dsm ] ) ; Basic constructor ( re- submatch body [ pre - dsm post - dsm ] ) ; Smart constructor ( re- submatch : body re ) -> re ; Accessors ( re-submatch : pre-dsm re ) -> integer ; . ( re-submatch : post - dsm re ) -> integer ; . ( re-submatch : tsm re ) -> integer ; . ** String constants ( re- string ? x ) -> boolean ;
Type predicate ( make - re- string chars ) -> re ; Basic constructor ( re- string chars ) -> re ; Basic constructor ( re- string : chars re ) -> string ; Accessor ** Char sets ( re - char - set ? x ) -> boolean ;
Type predicate ( make - re - char - set cset ) -> re ; Basic constructor ( re - char - set cset ) -> re ; Basic constructor ( re- char - set : cset re ) -> char-set ; Accessor ** DSM ( re-dsm ? x ) -> boolean ;
Type predicate ( make - re- dsm body pre-dsm post - dsm ) -> re ; Basic constructor ( re- dsm body pre-dsm post - dsm ) -> re ; Smart constructor ( re-dsm: body re ) -> re ; Accessor ( re-dsm: pre-dsm re ) -> integer ; . ( re-dsm:post - dsm re ) -> integer ; . ( re -dsm:tsm re ) -> integer ; . ** Primitive regexps re-bos re-eos re-bol re-eol re-bow re-eow ; Primitive regexps re-bos ?
re-eos ? ;
Type predicates re-bol ?
re-eol ?
re-bow ?
re-eow ?
trivial - re trivial - re ? ; " " empty - re empty - re ? ; ( | ) re-any re-any ?
; any re-nonl ; ( ~ #
ewline ) re-word ; word
These are non-primitive predefined regexps of general utility .
( regexp ? x ) -> boolean ( re-tsm re ) -> integer ( clean - up - cres )
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Syntax - hacking tools
----------------------
The Scheme 48 package rx-syntax - tools exports several tools for macro hackers that want to use SREs in their macros .
In the functions defined below , COMPARE and RENAME parameters are as passed to Clinger - Rees explicit - renaming low - level macros .
( if - sre - form form conseq - form alt - form ) Syntax If FORM is a legal SRE , this is equivalent to the expression CONSEQ - FORM , otherwise it expands to ALT - FORM .
This is useful for high - level macro authors who want to write a macro where one field in the macro can be an SRE or possibly something else .
E.g. , we might have a conditional form wherein if the test part of one arm is an SRE , it expands to a regexp match on some implied value , otherwise the form is evaluated as a boolean Scheme expression : ( if - sre - form test - exp ; If TEST - EXP is a regexp , ( regexp - search ? ( rx test - exp ) line ) ; match it against the line , test - exp ) ; otw it 's a boolean exp . ( sre-form ? form compare ) -> boolean
This procedure is for low - level macros doing things equivalent to IF - SRE - FORM .
It returns true if the form is a legal SRE .
Note that neither of these tests does a deep recursion over the form in the case where the form is a list .
They simply check the car of the form for one of the legal SRE keywords .
( parse - sre sre-form compare rename ) -> re ( parse - sres sre-forms compare rename ) -> re Parse SRE - FORM into an ADT .
Note that if the SRE is dynamic -- contains , < exp > or , @< exp > forms , or has repeat operators whose from / to counts are not constants -- then the returned ADT will have * Scheme expressions * in the corresponding slots of the regexp records instead of the corresponding integer , char - set , or regexp .
In other words , we use the ADT as its own AST .
It 's called a " hack . "
PARSE - SRES parses a list of SRE forms that comprise an implicit sequence .
( regexp - > scheme re rename ) ->
Scheme - expression Returns a Scheme expression that will construct the regexp RE using ADT constructors such as make - re - sequence , make - re - repeat , and so forth .
If the regexp is static , it will be simplified and pre-translated to a Posix string as well , which will be part of the constructed regexp value .
( static - regexp ? re ) -> boolean
Is the regexp a static one ?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Acknowledgements
------------------
If you want to know precise details on obscure features of Posix regexps , and their associated algorithms , you have to ask Tom Lord or Henry Spencer .
I did .
Alan Bawden was the one who proposed making | a " polymorphic " char - class / regexp union operator , with an inference pass to disambiguate , thus leaving the SRE syntax open to full intersection / union / difference / complement extension .
I found this to be an amazingly clever idea .
Alan also explained some esoteric points concerning low - level macros to me .
Up
This article is by Mark Mazzetti , Steven Lee Myers and Thom Shanker .
WASHINGTON  The United States has gathered its most detailed evidence so far of Iranian involvement in training and arming fighters in Iraq , officials say , but significant uncertainties remain about the extent of that involvement and the threat it poses to American and Iraqi forces .
Some intelligence and administration officials said Iran seemed to have carefully calibrated its involvement in Iraq over the last year , in contrast to what President Bush and other American officials have publicly portrayed as an intensified Iranian role .
It remains difficult to draw firm conclusions about the ebb and flow of Iranian arms into Iraq , and the Bush administration has not produced its most recent evidence .
But interviews with more than two dozen military , intelligence and administration officials showed that while shipments of arms had continued in recent months despite an official Iranian pledge to stop the weapons flow , they had not necessarily increased .
Laswell claims inmates are being " starved to death "
An overweight prisoner in the United States is suing the authorities for not feeding him enough after he lost about seven stone ( 45 kg ) in jail .
Broderick Lloyd Laswell , who is awaiting trial for murder , dropped to 22 stone ( 140kg ) after eight months inside the Arkansas prison .
He claims his vision has gone blurry while trying to exercise .
The prison says the meals average 3,000 calories a day - more than the US recommended daily intake for adults .
Laswell has filed a federal law suit complaining Benton County jail does not provide inmates with enough food .
Hungry again
According to the suit , Laswell weighed 29 stone ( 187kg ) when he was jailed in September .
Police say he has been charged with fatally beating and stabbing a man , the Associated Press news agency reported .
" On several occasions I have started to do some exercising and my vision went blurry and I felt like I was going to pass out , " he wrote in his complaint .
" About an hour after each meal my stomach starts to hurt and growl .
I feel hungry again . "
He then goes on to complain about the lack of physical exercise , adding : " The only reason we lost weight in here is because we are literally being starved to death . "
The suit also asks that the county be ordered to serve hot meals instead of cold food .
Energy conservation is the practice of reducing the use of energy .
Individual consumers can do numerous things to conserve energy and reduce home energy costs .
Adopting just a few of these strategies can make a measurable difference in your overall energy usage , and the energy demands of the planet .
Home energy usage [ edit ]
General tips [ edit ]
Return on investment estimates for household energy efficiency improvements Months Modification 3
High efficiency showerhead 13 Fireplace pillow - stops air leakage up chimney 14 Bathroom Faucet Aerator 17 Attic Insulation ( R - 0 to R - 38 ) 23 Compact Fluorescent bulb 23 Kitchen faucet aerator 43 Attic insulation ( average ) 44 Duct insulation and sealing 68 Wall insulation ( R - 0 to R - 25 ) 88 Floor insulation ( R - 0 to R - 13 ) Source : Portland General Electric .
April 2003
Choose energy - efficient home appliances , which have been designed with energy conservation in mind .
In the United States , Energy Star is a government program to promote energy - efficient consumer products .
The EU energy label is a similar European Union program .
Choose natural gas furnaces , water heaters , stoves , and clothes dryers .
Natural gas is significantly more efficient than electricity derived from fossil fuel sources , for heating purposes .
An efficient way to use electricity for heating is with a heat pump .
Try to use natural ventilation and only use your heater when temperatures drop below 20 °C ( 68 °F ) , and try to only use cooling devices when temperatures get above 26 °C ( 78 °F ) .
For tips on reducing transportation - related energy usage , see the Transportation energy usage section below .
For tips on reducing energy at home , work and at travel , see Reducing Energy at home , work and travel
Reduce heating costs [ edit ]
Operate your furnace efficiently : Install a programmable thermostat and set it so your home will not be heated as much when you are away or asleep .
Check your furnace 's air filter monthly - replace / clean as required .
Do this more often if there is a lot of dust or pet dander in your home 's air .
Get furnace serviced annually , check for slow gas line leaks - especially at the meter and pipe junctions
Do not obstruct or close heating or air - return vents by placing furniture or other items in front or on top of them .
Insulate and weatherize your home effectively :
Ask your local utility to inspect your home to ensure that you have adequate insulation installed .
Some may provide incentives for this checkup .
Seal off rooms that are not in regular use and close heating vents .
Carefully hold a smoking combustible material ( such as an incense stick ) near the frames of exterior doors and windows .
If the smoke moves toward or away from the window , an air leak is likely .
A thin shred of paper or string may also be used if a combustible smoking material is not available , though it may not work as well .
Replace old , leaky windows ( especially single - pane glass ) with newer double or triple pane , gas filled , low E windows .
If you have single - pane basement windows , consider replacing them with better windows , or , if they are never opened , consider replacing them with glass block , which is about as good as an ordinary double - pane window , [ 1 ] though not as good as an argon filled and / or low-e double - pane window .
Keep at least two basement windows in place , however , so you can vent the basement if needed .
Install heavy curtains over windows .
Use them at night , let the sun in during the day .
Fit full length curtains that fit snugly with the floor .
Fitting a pelmet above will also help reduce air circulation when the curtains are drawn .
There are still benefits to be gained in placing radiators beneath windows so as to counteract the down - draft effect that the windows continue to generate despite improvements to window insulation .
Radiators beneath windows will obviously have greatest night time effect if a minimum of window cooled air is enabled to sink into a room while allowing the maximum radiator - warmed air to remain in the living space .
Overlaps between radiators and curtains should typically be avoided .
One practice is to tuck curtains behind the radiators or onto window sills on cold nights .
Try not to place furniture in front of radiators especially if circulating air is prevented from being drawn in to the radiator 's base by either the furniture itself or by all the stuff that gets packed beneath it . [ 1 ]
Protect your home from cold winds by using windbreaks or other energy - efficient landscaping methods .
Choose an apartment or condominium rather than a free - standing house .
These dwellings share walls and therefore have fewer exterior walls .
Heat less space : Choose a smaller home and avoid unnecessarily high ceilings to reduce the volume of space your heating system will have to heat .
Wear several layers of clothing to keep your home 's air temperature lower during the day .
Use thick blankets so you can keep your home 's air temperature lower at night .
Wearing a cap at night can enable much lower temperatures .
Use an electric blanket for comfortable sleeping while allowing the room 's air temperature to be lower .
If you live alone and / or in a large home , it may be more efficient to keep your overall house temperature low ( 55 to 65 ° F / 13 to 18 °C ) and use an electric space heater to heat the areas you use most often .
For example , keep a heater near your desk , or use one in the bathroom to avoid heating the whole house during your morning routine .
You could even carefully use a hair - dryer to preheat your bed in seconds .
Take care to use electric heaters safely , especially near water .
Heat water efficiently :
Turn down the temperature on your water heater to 120 °F / 49 °C and drain the silt occasionally with a water hose .
Be sure to check and replace the anode rods periodically as well .
Replace your water heater with a heat pump water heater , which is generally 200 % or more efficient , compared to regular electric water heaters which are always less than 100 % efficient .
Replace your water heater with a gas tankless water heater , which heats water on demand rather than storing heated water .
Consider solar water heating options , especially if you live in a sunny region .
" Reuse " heat : Leave hot water in the bathtub or in cooking pots instead of draining it immediately .
This allows the water 's stored heat to dissipate into your home rather than being lost down the drain .
Keep lids on the pots to avoid cooling them by evaporation instead of by delivering heat to the room , and to avoid adding excess humidity .
If you have an electric dryer , you may vent it inside occasionally .
The vented air will be very moist , so track humidity levels ; if the humidity is high for extended periods you may encourage mold and mildew growth .
Venting the dryer hose into an empty bucket or garbage can will allow much of the humidity to condense and be collected .
Under no circumstances should you vent gas dryers indoors due to carbon monoxide present in the exhaust .
Reduce cooling costs [ edit ]
Many of the steps you can take to reduce heating costs , such as insulating and sealing your home , will also reduce air conditioning costs .
Install ( easy for DIY folks ) solar shades on the outside or exterior of all east , south and west facing windows .
They prevent most of the sun's UV rays from even entering the home through the window .
They cost much , much less than say an awning .
And , you can still see outside .
Use fans instead of air conditioning ( Fans make the air feel about 4 degrees cooler ) .
Turn fans off when no one is directly in the air stream of the fan .
Fans do not actually cool the air ; they help your skin to evaporate water more quickly , which cools you .
If you have more than two window air conditioners , it is usually more energy - efficient to install a central air conditioner .
Pay attention to efficiency ratings when looking for a new air conditioner .
Size your system properly .
Calculate the heat loads .
( Free online calculator . )
If you have a portable air conditioners , be sure that it is vented outside .
If it is vented inside , you are actually heating your home .
In geographic areas where summer night - time temperatures fall below 75 °F / 24 °C , open windows and use window fans to pull cool outside air into your home .
Depending on the layout of your home , it may be best to only open certain windows and position fans so outside air is pulled in on one side of the house and interior air is pushed out on the other side of the house .
It may be a wise choice to install a whole - house fan ( if in a sufficiently dry climate ) , which pulls air through your home and pushes it out through your attic .
Choosing a whole - house fan .
Install awnings over windows and close window blinds or curtains to keep direct sunlight out .
Plant trees near your home .
Choose locations that will shade your house during the afternoon .
Even trees not directly shading your home will reduce local air temperatures .
Drink plenty of fluids to help your body cool itself .
Keep closet doors closed .
This can save you up to 5 % in heating / cooling and air costs alone .
When possible avoid adding heat to your home , by eating cold foods or cooking outside on your grill , solar oven , or earth oven , by line drying instead of using a dryer , etc ...
Reduce lighting costs [ edit ]
Take advantage of sunlight and leave lights off during the day .
If possible , adjust your daily routine to align your waking hours with sunlit hours .
Use compact fluorescent light bulbs in place of conventional incandescent light bulbs .
A CFL uses approximately one - fourth the wattage of an incandescent bulb producing a similar level of illumination , and they last 8,000 to 10,000 hours .
The savings in electricity typically amounts to over $ 30 per replaced bulb .
Replace your most - used bulbs first for maximum savings .
uses approximately one - fourth the wattage of an incandescent bulb producing a similar level of illumination , and they last 8,000 to 10,000 hours .
The savings in electricity typically amounts to over $ 30 per replaced bulb .
Replace your most - used bulbs first for maximum savings .
Install motion - detection switches or timers for outdoor lighting rather than leaving lights on all night .
Install dimmer switches for incandescent light fixtures so you can use less light when less is needed .
CAUTION : Most CFLs and other fluorescent bulbs are not designed for use with a dimmer .
Replace incandescent night lights with LED or electroluminescent ( Indiglo™ , Limelite™ , etc. ) lights .
Do n't use excessive holiday lighting .
Dust light bulbs occasionally ( with the power off ) to increase light levels .
Use limited , focused lighting when performing a task in a small area instead of lighting the entire room .
Choose light fixtures that require fewer bulbs , or unscrew some of the bulbs in existing fixtures .
Change conventional ballast with electronic ballast
Try to limit the extent to which you put lights in forms of shade .
When " light shades " are needed choose those that merely diffuse light and have less potential to gather dust . [ 2 ]
Use special capacitor for lamp , see the example of calculation in [ 3 ]
Reduce water usage [ edit ]
Install water - saving shower heads , faucets , and toilets .
Fix leaky pipes and plumbing fixtures in your home 's plumbing system .
Toilet tank leaks are easily detected by adding a few drops of food coloring to the water reservoir .
If the water in the toilet bowl becomes dyed , water is leaking from the tank and the valve should be repaired or replaced .
Lower the water level of your toilet 's water reservoir .
Be careful not to lower it to the point that it does not flush adequately .
If your toilet 's flush mechanism does not allow an easy way to lower the water level , place a plastic or glass jar filled with water into the water tank , clear of the flush mechanism , to displace water .
Do not use a brick in your water tank , as it can break down and cause plumbing problems .
Invest in a composting toilet
Take showers instead of baths .
Take shorter showers .
Have an outdoor shower , where one hangs a five gallon bag in the sun throughout the day to heat .
( bags found in camping section )
To wash , wet for 1 minute , close clamp , soap up all bodily parts , then rinse with remaining 2.5 gallons .
Saves water and electricity on heat .
Use the light cycle when using a dishwasher on dishes that are n't extremely dirty .
Try the same when using a washing machine .
Install a water softener if your water is " hard " .
Water outdoor plants early in the morning or late in the evening to reduce the amount of water lost to evaporation .
Mulch plants heavily to prevent weed growth ( that would use up water ) and water evaporation .
Invest in a water barrel - use for watering plants , washing the car .
Use a public swimming pool instead of purchasing your own .
Wash and rinse clothing by hand with a hand wringer .
Run full loads for washing dishes or clothes .
Reduce household waste [ edit ]
Do not purchase products with excessive or unnecessary packaging .
Purchase products in the largest size practical so as to reduce the product : packaging ratio .
However , do not purchase products in larger quantities than you will actually use , and be aware that having a larger quantity on hand may cause you to use more of the product than you would have ordinarily used .
Use and reuse gift bags in place of gift wrap .
Bring your own bags or boxes along when shopping to carry your purchases home .
Put off purchases whenever possible .
You will often find that you did n't really need the item .
Use rechargeable batteries instead of conventional batteries .
Compost food waste instead of throwing it in the garbage .
Reuse " garbage " for other than intended purposes .
For example , make Easter baskets out of gallon milk jugs , planters out of yogurt cups , butter bowls for saving leftovers in the fridge , etc . .
Reduce electricity usage [ edit ]
Turn off all electric appliances ( lights , computers , televisions ) when they are not in use .
Computer printers and photocopiers are typically high energy users .
Watch TV with the light off .
Change out a CRT TV with an LCD model of equivalent size .
Reduce miscellaneous electric use from power adapters and electronics in standby mode by plugging them into a power strip that can be switched off .
Use the new LED light bulbs available .
You may have to switch to E - 27 Sockets in order to fit the new bases for the LED lights .
Set your computer to automatically shut off the monitor and switch to standby mode ( if available ) after a certain number of minutes of disuse .
Choose a flat panel display instead of a conventional CRT .
Adjust your display 's brightness to the surrounding light conditions ( less brightness is needed in dark rooms ) .
Purchase a laptop and use it as a replacement for your desktop computer .
Most laptops are optimized for energy efficiency and do n't need an uninterruptible power supply , since the battery can be used during thunderstorms and the like .
Use products with the Energy Star logo ( or similar ) .
In particular , recycling and replacing old refrigerators with an Energy Star - approved one can save a few hundred kilowatt - hours a year .
Replacing old refrigeration and air conditioning units ( even if they are still functional ) with more efficient ones is often an economically and ecologically sound decision .
Consider installing and using a clothes line for drying clothes .
Each load not dried in an electric dryer saves 3 to 5 kilowatt hours .
Unplug appliances that will not be used for an extended period of time ; many devices , especially consumer electronics , use a small amount of electricity even when they are switched off , due to indicator lights or listening for remote - control signals .
Direct current converters , which are typically used to connect small consumer electronics devices to household power , lose a significant amount of energy as heat , even when the device is not plugged into the converter .
Set your furnace / AC fan to " auto " rather than " on " so it will not run when the furnace / AC unit itself is off .
The fan uses a significant amount of electricity .
Your refrigerator is probably among the biggest energy users in the home .
Take special care to operate it efficiently : Clean the condenser coils on your refrigerator to keep them operating efficiently .
Reduce the number of trips you make to the refrigerator / freezer and do not leave the door open unnecessarily .
Refrigerator / freezer configuration affects the unit 's efficiency .
Bottom - freezer models are generally most efficient .
Top - freezers ( the most common configuration ) are reasonably efficient .
Side - by - side models are relatively inefficient .
Chest freezers are generally more efficient than conventional front - opening models .
Small refrigerators are often less efficient than larger models because they usually have less insulation or a less - efficient compressor .
Keep your refrigerator / freezer reasonably well stocked so that less cold air is lost when the door is opened .
Cover beverages and moist foods to keep the humidity level in the refrigerator lower .
Dry air is easier to cool .
Keep your refrigerator 's temperature above 36 °F / 2 °C and below 42 ° F / 5.5 °C .
Keep your freezer 's temperature at about 0 °F / - 18 °C .
A good gauge of freezer temperature is ice cream .
If the ice cream is too soft , lower the temperature ; if it is very hard and difficult to spoon , raise the temperature .
As an alternative to using your refrigerator , consider storing less - frequently used foods in a cold - store room , cellar , or garage .
When cooking : Turn off your electric oven or stove shortly before the end of the required cooking time ; the heating element will still be hot enough to finish the cooking process .
Cover pots to reduce heat loss .
Do not heat a small pot on a large burner .
Microwave foods when possible .
However , microwaving liquids or foods with high moisture content is usually less energy - efficient than heating it on a stove .
Thaw or partially thaw frozen food in the refrigerator prior to cooking .
Replace drip pans periodically .
Dirty drip pans are much less reflective than new pans and cannot reflect as much heat back up to the pan being heated .
Avoid opening the oven door unnecessarily .
Instead , view the food through the door 's window and use a timer to help you determine when the food will be fully cooked .
Most foods are fully cooked when the fragrance of the food begins to fill the room from within the oven .
Invest in a solar oven if your region will allow for it
Ventilate properly [ edit ]
Proper attic ventilation will :
keep the house cooler in hot weather .
Attics radiate heat downward when they are hotter than the living area .
keep the attic cold in the winter , which can prevent ice dams .
allow moisture to escape from the house .
Warm , moist air rises from the living area .
Ventilation of this humid air is important year - round for preventing mold and rot , but it is especially important in the winter , when the moisture is more likely to condense .
Be aware that decreased ventilation increases the effectiveness of any insulation that is a poor barrier to air infiltration , such as fiberglass batting .
The increased ventilation will create low pressure areas , so that the house will push conditioned air through the insulation faster than it normally would .
With insufficient ventilation :
Attic heat can penetrate into living areas during summer .
There will be excessive humidity , which can cause mold and eventually rot .
Water vapor can condense and collect on insulation , on rafters , and on the underside of roof sheathing .
This will reduce the effectiveness of the insulation and can greatly hasten the activity of mold and rot .
Condensation and mold will also occur in the living area , especially on perimeter walls ( because they are coolest ) and where ventilation is poorest , such as in corners and around furniture .
You will need more ventilation than usual if :
You live in a damp climate .
Your house is in the shade .
The crawlspace or basement has a dirt floor .
There is n't much wind .
You have a modern , super - tight house .
You have a solid masonry house .
You have a house with impermeable siding such as vinyl or aluminum .
You do not have sufficient ( or any ) vapor barriers .
Most houses treat the attic and basement as unconditioned space .
You can think of unconditioned space as outdoor space , minus the rain and snow .
The unconditioned space surrounding the living area should n’t be wide open , but it should n't be sealed shut either .
A good compromise is to have two foundation vents in the basement and two different types of vents in the attic .
Vents should always exist in pairs ( but not necessarily two of the same type ) to allow for cross-ventilation .
In an attic , one member of the pair should be low on the roof and the other member should be higher up , so that outside air is pulled through one and out the other .
Natural attic ventilation through these vents is usually sufficient .
Powered vents in the attic may interfere with proper furnace and fireplace venting .
Some ways to ventilate an attic naturally :
Soffit vents
Ridge vents ( you can cover the ridge vent with shingles )
Gable vents
Modern homes often incorporate all three types of attic vents , providing continuous cross-ventilation via multiple air pathways .
Make sure gable vents have screens to keep out insects and animals , and keep the screens clean to maintain proper ventilation .
Never close or block off the vents to a damp basement or crawlspace , except in extreme cold to prevent pipes from freezing .
Closing the vents to a damp basement or crawlspace will cause mold , rot , and structural defects .
Sometimes a basement or crawlspace will look bone dry but is transpiring moisture through the dirt floor at a rapid rate .
To see if this is the case , lay down some clear plastic on the dirt floor for a few days and observe how much water collects on its underside .
If your basement or crawlspace is dry and has been dry for several years you can :
Close the foundation vents in the winter to conserve energy , and open them again in the warmer months to allow interior moisture from the house to escape .
Close the foundation vents permanently , install a polyethylene vapor barrier on the floor ( just to be safe ) , insulate the basement or crawlspace walls , and part of the floor , if necessary , and include the basement or crawlspace as part of the conditioned space of the house .
If you take this route you do n’t need to insulate the floor above the basement or crawlspace , but it does n’t hurt if the floor is already insulated .
Keep an eye on humidity .
There will be less condensation on walls and pipes , but possibly greater humidity because of trapped air , requiring increased ventilation in the upper floors and attic to compensate .
Advantages of insulating a dry basement and crawlspace and making them part of the conditioned space of the house :
Decreased condensation , because walls are closer in temperature to the air inside the house , and because cold pipes are not exposed to outdoor air during the warmer months .
Reduced energy losses from ducts passing through the basement .
Reduced risk of pipes freezing in winter .
Residential ventilation checklist [ edit ]
Vent sources of moisture directly to the outside .
This is especially important for the bathroom , which normally produces more moisture than any other room in the house , and for the dryer , which produces more moisture than any other appliance .
Do not vent moisture directly into the attic .
The last thing you want to do is put warm , moist air into the attic .
In cold climates this can contribute to icing and resulting leaks .
A whole - house fan is acceptable because of its usual location , installed in the attic floor near a gable vent , and because it is not directly connected to a source of moisture .
The whole - house fan can help to remove cooking odors and can cool the entire house when it is not hot enough to turn on the air conditioning .
Use caution : natural - draft heating appliances could be adversely affected by too much exhaust - products of combustion could be drawn into the house .
If you cannot vent the bathroom directly to the outside , install the vent up through the attic and down through a soffit vent .
This will prevent water from dripping back down into the vent as it would if you installed the duct straight up through the roof .
Wire the bathroom vent to a timer switch , so that people can turn it on without having to remember to turn it off .
Always vent the clothes dryer to the outside with a smooth - walled ( do not screw into walls of duct ) , metal ( not plastic ) duct that is as short as possible .
To prevent a house fire check the duct for clogs regularly .
Do not vent the dryer directly into the laundry room .
This puts much too much moisture into the house .
Kitchens should have a vent hood with an exhaust fan .
The vent hood should have a back draft flap to keep out insects and cold air - but some cold air will inevitably seep in .
Install ceiling fans to improve ventilation and distribute heat .
To disperse heat properly run the ceiling fan in reverse so that it pushes warm air up against the ceiling and down along the walls , where people tend to sit .
Do not block air intake vents for heating or air conditioning equipment .
Blocking these vents will starve the equipment for air , causing it to run inefficiently .
If your unfinished basement has windows , keep them closed on hot , humid days to prevent moisture from condensing on the walls continuously , all day long .
Open the windows once the humidity drops below the natural humidity of the basement so that moisture does n’t build up inside .
People , in their zeal to do a good job , sometimes pack insulation into the eaves , blocking the soffit vents , because they do n’t know that the vents exist or do n’t know what they are for .
If you are installing insulation in the attic for the first time do not cover the soffit vents with insulation .
If your attic is already insulated on the floor make sure insulation is not blocking the soffit vents .
This is more of a problem for loose - fill , since wind can scatter the fill around .
To prevent loose - fill from scattering and covering the soffit vents , you can install baffles between the rafters .
You staple the baffles to the underside of the roof sheathing , and the baffles maintain 2 inches of ventilation space next to the sheathing .
Wind coming through soffit vents can also push batt insulation up off the floor , causing cold airflow against the ceiling and cold spots high up on exterior walls .
Baffles installed near the eave should also prevent this problem by keeping the batts from flipping up and over .
If you are going to install batts or spray foam between the rafters , you should extend the baffles all the way up to the ridge vent .
This will keep the sheathing dry and prevent it from rotting invisibly behind the insulation .
Likewise , when you insulate between the floor joists in the ceiling of an unconditioned basement or crawlspace , you should leave some space between the insulation and the sheathing ( subfloor ) to allow water vapor to escape .
Other conservation tips [ edit ]
There are many ways to conserve energy that will not economically benefit the consumer directly .
However , many of these methods improve overall efficiency of the economy , which can lead to economic growth .
Rent or borrow items you will not use very often .
This eliminates the significant amount of energy that goes into the manufacture and disposal of an additional item .
Check books out from your local library rather than purchasing your own copy .
Purchase used items when possible .
Donate usable clothing and other items to charity rather than discarding them .
Use " disposable " items ( such as paper and plastic dishware and cutlery , or disposable cameras ) sparingly .
Opt instead for the reusable version .
At public restrooms , use electric hand dryers ( if available ) instead of paper towels .
The energy needed to heat and blow air at your hands is far less than the energy needed to make and transport paper towels and haul waste away .
Use a digital camera in place of a conventional film camera and get prints of only the best photographs .
Use a printing service rather than purchasing your own photo printer .
Use toilet paper , paper towels , and other products made of recycled materials .
Ask your local energy utility about credits or rebates given for the purchase of energy - efficient appliances .
Make an effort to defer electricity usage to off - peak hours .
Reducing usage during peak hours ( usually mid-afternoon to early evening on hot days ) helps prevent the construction of additional power plants that would be required to keep up with demand during peak hours .
If you plan to use air conditioning , cool your house early in the day and turn it off around noon , allowing the house to warm up throughout the afternoon .
Do laundry early in the morning or late at night .
Eat a " cold " non-cooked meal ( sandwiches , fruit , etc. ) or cook outside for lunch .
This saves the electricity needed for cooking and / or the electricity needed by the air conditioner to cool the heated air .
Transportation energy usage [ edit ]
Moving from one place to another takes energy .
This book offers some advice on how to reduce the energy and cost associated with transportation in general , and driving in specific .
The first priority is to reduce driving where possible .
When driving is necessary , you should try to drive lighter , more conservatively , and in a fuel - efficient vehicle .
Drive less [ edit ]
Walk , bike , carpool , or use public transportation whenever possible .
If practical for your job , ask your employer to let you telecommute on occasion to save trips to the office .
Or , if your work hours are flexible , consider working four 10 - hour days a week instead of five eight - hour days , to save a commute each week .
Choose a home near your workplace if possible .
Spend some time planning your errands to reduce the number of trips needed .
Choose routes that have fewer stops and less congestion .
A slightly longer freeway route is usually more efficient than a street route .
If possible , avoid driving during rush hour so you are n't wasting fuel in slow - moving traffic .
Drive light [ edit ]
When purchasing a vehicle , choose a smaller , lighter vehicle .
You may be able to purchase a small vehicle and borrow or rent a truck or other large vehicle when needed .
However , take care to compare safety statistics of light vehicles .
The smallest vehicles , especially motorcycles , carry higher risks of injury or death in crashes .
Do n't leave unnecessary items in your vehicle .
The clutter may only amount to a few pounds , but hauling it around adds up over time .
Consider also that there are around 200 million vehicles in the United States alone ; if each of those carried just one pound of excess cargo , it would amount to 100,000 tons .
Open windows create significant drag when driving at highway speeds .
During warm weather , keep your windows up and use the air conditioner ( if needed ) when traveling at 45 MPH or above .
When driving at lower speeds , turn the AC off .
However , do not continually turn the AC on and off .
It functions more efficiently during longer periods of operation .
continually turn the AC on and off .
It functions more efficiently during longer periods of operation .
Do n't put magnetic decals , flags , antenna decorations , or the like on your vehicle .
These create drag .
Drive conservatively [ edit ]
Reduce your speed .
The amount of fuel needed to push air out of your vehicle 's path increases rapidly with increases in speed .
As a result , fuel efficiency drops rapidly .
Most vehicles are most fuel efficient between 50 and 55 MPH .
However , do not drive so slowly that you impede the flow of traffic , which creates dangerous situations .
drive so slowly that you impede the flow of traffic , which creates dangerous situations .
Accelerate slowly .
Getting your vehicle " up to speed " quickly is hard on your vehicle and uses more fuel than a slow start .
Also , braking softly farther from your intended stopping point will make your brakes last longer .
Use your cruise control .
Steady speeds are more efficient .
Do not use cruise control in inclement weather .
If you are parked for more than a minute , turn your vehicle off .
A non-moving vehicle gets zero miles per gallon .
However , stopping and starting your vehicle too frequently causes excess wear on your engine .
Diesel vehicles should not be turned off frequently as the ignition process uses significant fuel .
Do not push the gas pedal when approaching a red light ( if it will not change to green by the time you get to it ) .
Rushing to a red light will not get you to your destination any faster .
Keep your vehicle running efficiently [ edit ]
Keep your tires inflated to the recommended tire pressure .
Change spark plugs when recommended by your owner 's manual .
Check your air filter regularly ; more frequently if you drive in dusty conditions .
To check it , hold it up to the light : if you can not see light through the filter , replace it .
Use regular - grade gasoline unless premium or mid-grade gasoline is specifically recommended by your owner 's manual .
AYF82M4 Second Lieutenant Rep 62 Posts 201
Join Date : Mar 2008 Location : Los Angeles , CA
0 ) iTrader : (
Garage List
2008 BMW M3 Sedan [ 0.00 ]
Garage List Drives : MG F80 M3 ZCP
Some more pics .
Ill post again after I get out of my 4 hour meeting .
Ken Attached Images
2018 F80 M3 Mineral Gray
2015 F82 M4 Austin Yellow ( Retired )
2011 E90 M3 LeMans Blue ( Retired )
2008 E90 M3 Jerez Black ( Retired ) __________________
ZOMG !
This is the funniest newspaper advice column I 've read in a while .
It 's from the 15 June 2005 installment of " Ask Leslie , " an advice column written by librarian Leslie Potter for the Hays Daily News in Northwest Kansas .
The concerned reader sent in this question :
" I hope you can help me with a problem I have with my godson .
... I found an unfinished correspondence to a chum of his in his hometown .
In it he says he [ is ] going to to our local pool to " scout out some camel toads . " ... I 'm concerned he is doing drugs .
I tried to look for camel toads in a drug book , and I did n't find them , but I found references to some type of frog or toads that people in another country lick to hallucinate . "
Snopes had a little more about the authenticity of the column ( whether it was a real question or whether Potter made it up ) :
" There were several staff members at the library 's front desk the morning the " camel toads " letter arrived .
When I opened and read it , I was thoroughly puzzled , as I had never heard of either camel toads or camel toes .
But when I read it aloud to the staff , they practically started rolling on the floor .
And their explanation is almost word - for - word what I used in my answer .
I kept the original letter as a memento - and to show people who did n't believe it could be real ! "
Contrariwise blog has the larger scan : Link - Thanks Contrariwise !
Every economist , expert and commentator I ’ve seen seems to be flummoxed ( and mildly panicked ) about food inflation .
The question on everyone ’s lips is , “ What can be done about high food prices ? ”
The answer to that is fairly simple .
I asked Thomas Carlyle ’s parrot to explain .
Price is a wonderful number .
It contains a lot of information , and alerts both producers and consumers to a variety of facts .
Examine each of these signals , and you ’ll have a fairly good idea whether a perceived problem really is a problem , and if so , what public policy prescription might help .
The first point to make is that the solution to high prices is high prices .
High prices signal to producers to produce more , because demand exceeds supply .
Therefore , the risk of increasing output — namely that the excess will lie unsold — is low .
Higher volumes will be sold , and profits will rise .
As the supply increases and producers compete for market share , pressure on prices is downwards .
Market power swings back to consumers .
This continues until prices find a stable level at which supply equals demand .
( It is true that a monopoly or cartel can artificially restrict supply to keep prices high .
The De Beers cartel is a famous example .
This is an argument for another day , because it unnecessarily complicates the issue and anyway does not hold true for food production , in which excess inventory is hard to store , and hundreds of thousands of producers compete . )
What else do high prices do ?
They signal to consumers to reduce demand , if possible .
Food demand is relatively inelastic , because one has to eat , but even so , consumers can respond to high prices by buying cheaper food , forgoing luxuries , buying in bulk , or economising in other ways when they cook .
They will respond by reducing demand as much as is reasonably possible .
This places pressure on producers , which results in lower prices .
Market power swings back to consumers .
This continues until prices find a stable level at which supply equals demand .
Both of these signals are distorted if a government steps in to prop up prices in the interest of producers , or artificially keep them down in the interest of consumers .
Depending on where political power lies — business lobbies or consumer voters — politicians find such intervention hard to resist .
However , subsidies to producers or price floors will cause oversupply and surpluses .
Europe is very familiar with this effect .
For years , newspapers were filled with stories about the wine lake , the milk lake , the butter mountain , and similar farm produce surplus problems that depressed prices and caused enormous waste in the economy .
By contrast , subsidies to consumers or price caps will cause excessive demand and shortages .
Zimbabwe is the most tragic example of this effect today : food is price - controlled and affordable in theory , but there is n’t any for sale because it ’s not worth it for anyone to produce and sell the stuff .
So price controls , consumer subsidies or production subsidies are not a policy answer .
They break the price mechanism , and instead of solving the crisis , compound the problem .
High prices also signal something about the underlying cost of producing food .
In particular , it reflects the high price of oil .
Since food is very energy - intensive , involving lots of haulage and mechanised production , the high price of oil will cause food inflation .
The policy options in this regard are few .
Some will argue that base interest rates should be set by the market , rather than by a central bank .
That money should be linked to an underlying standard , rather than be issued by government fiat .
These are classic arguments for sound money and against inflationary monetary policy , as made by the free marketeers of the Austrian School and by libertarians like GOP presidential wannabe Ron Paul .
As far as it goes , these arguments are correct , in particular because a dollar - denominated commodity like oil is sensitive to precipitous swings in the value of the dollar .
However , it does n’t go far enough .
Most of the oil price rise is dictated by high demand and risk in supply , neither of which is sensitive to public policy intervention .
What remains ?
The reason everyone points to , correctly , is biofuels .
Most commentators I ’ve seen do lament the diversion of productive farm land to the production of fuel instead of food , but sadly , few follow this diagnosis to its logical conclusion .
The problem is not ethanol production per se .
The problem is that farmers are subsidised to favour it over the production of food .
Biofuels are only profitable because of this subsidy .
If there had been no subsidy , the commercial decision between planting crops for food and planting crops for fuel would be weighed entirely differently .
If that were the case , and farmers still chose to produce ethanol , one could reasonably conclude that compared to the demand for ethanol , the demand for food is adequately met , and the most productive application of a scare resource — farm land , in this case — would be to plant fuel crops .
With the subsidy , however , farmers are given an incentive to produce fuel crops even if the demand for food is not adequately met , and before the market is convinced that the production of ethanol is , in fact , important and beneficial for the world ’s environment .
That ’s why biofuel subsidies are such an insidious policy .
They distort prices , which results in demand not being met by supply .
Nobody can blame the farmers for diverting arable land to produce the subsidised crops .
Nobody can blame the World Bank when they advise farmers to grow biofuels .
It makes economic sense , but only because of a mistaken , market - distorting public policy .
A similar argument goes for other taxes , tariffs and subsidies .
So , what is the best policy option ?
The political instinct will be to meddle with food prices via subsidies , taxes , or price controls .
That would be a mistake , as we ’ve established .
So leave food prices alone , but eliminate subsidies that prevent the efficient use of a scarce resource such as farm land .
Only then can producers and consumers agree on how much food should be produced and at what price .
Producers will get an accurate signal of demand , and consumers will get an accurate signal of underlying costs , and both can adjust their behaviour accordingly .
Reducing or removing these trade barriers and market distortions is not only the best policy option , but it is the only policy option open to governments .
It ’s not simply one thing we might want to consider , if necessary .
It ’s the only thing that can be done about food inflation .
It should be noted that every subsidy , tariff or tax that is reduced or removed will have a beneficial effect on the ability of the market to balance supply and demand .
Including unilateral actions .
They should not be seen as bargaining chips , as the developing world often does vis-a - vis Europe , Japan and the US .
Developing - country trade barriers are much higher than those in the developed world .
So unilateral action on the part of developing countries has a large beneficial effect , both on trade with countries that retain their own trade barriers , and on trade among developing countries themselves .
Economist estimate that 80 % of the potential benefit of bilateral trade agreements can be achieved if the developing countries were to act on their own .
Why give this up , as a bargaining chip to gain the other 20 % ?
The moral high ground should be enough to shame most developed countries into action , and if they do n’t , at least you ’ve got the bulk of the benefit thanks to your own farsighted public policy .
It ’s also worth observing that this food inflation crisis — and it most certainly is a crisis — is a concrete example of the deleterious effect of misplaced hysteria over global warming .
Of course , husbanding resources for a productive future is sensible .
And the owners of such resources will do exactly that .
( If they ’re not owned , they ’ll be subject to the tragedy of the commons , but that ’s another discussion . )
The green lobby argues that environmentalism and the regulation and subsidies that go with it are good for humanity .
That it need not depress the world ’s economy , and can benefit both rich capitalist and the oppressed poor .
The appropriate response to these political activists is to point them to ethanol subsidies .
Just show them the people who are now starving or malnourished because they can no longer afford the rising price of food .
That ’s how good the green lobby is for humanity .
That ’s how beneficial it is for the global economy .
Environmental alarmism is reversing many years of progress in feeding the poor .
And now they cry , “ Protect the poor from food inflation ! ”
Thank them politely for causing the very food inflation they decry , and hope your smug expression does n’t attract violence from the self - anointed saints who thought they had a monopoly on smug .
It ’s not that complicated .
Economics seldom is .
You ’d think the alarmist environment lobby would have heard the distinctive call of Carlyle ’s parrot by now .
The Article 29 Working Group , a collection of the EU 's top minds on data protection and privacy issues , has issued a major report ( PDF ) of its findings , and it wo n't be good news to the search engine community .
The EU started with the premise of a " right to a private life " and allowed only limited data collection exceptions to that right .
Search engines can only hang on to European user data for six months , must generally treat IP addresses as " personal information , " and must comply with the rules even if they are based outside the EU .
The retention period will prove one of the most controversial proposals .
Google and other search engines have scaled back their retention periods over the last year , with Google keeping data for 18 months before anonymizing it .
But , according to the Article 29 group , that wo n't cut it .
" Retention periods should be minimised and be proportionate to each purpose put forward by search engine providers , " says the report .
" In view of the initial explanations given by search engine providers on the possible purposes for collecting personal data , the Working Party does not see a basis for a retention period beyond six months . "
To hang onto data for longer , search engine operators will need to show that such data is " strictly necessary " to offer the service .
Google and others have long said that they need to retain data in order to refine search results , prevent click fraud , and launch new services like spell check ( which , in Google 's case , was built from user search data ) .
In addition , the data that is kept will need to be guarded more closely .
The working group concluded that IP addresses could be used to identify individuals ; if not by the search engine itself , then by law enforcement or after a subpoena .
Citing an earlier decision that said , " unless the Internet Service Provider is in a position to distinguish with absolute certainty that the data correspond to users that cannot be identified , it will have to treat all IP information as personal data , to be on the safe side , " the group concluded that the same principle should apply to search engines .
In addition , cookies should be kept " no longer than demonstrably necessary " and search engine users should have " the right to access , inspect and correct if necessary " all personal data and even their own search history .
All the rules would apply to any search provider operating in Europe , regardless of where they are physically based .
Google has already responded to the report with a surprisingly mild post on its public policy blog .
" The findings are another important step in an ongoing dialogue about protecting user privacy online — a discussion in which Google will continue to be engaged .
It 's also a debate in which we hope our users will participate , " wrote Peter Fleischer , Google 's Global Privacy Counsel .
Once again , the US and Europe appear to be diverging on issues of data protection and privacy ; it 's difficult to imagine the Article 29 findings appearing in an FTC report here .
For instance , consider a post made to the Google public policy only a couple hours after Fleischer 's .
Deputy general counsel Nicole Wong talked up the FTC's " self - regulatory approach " to handling the issues raised by behavioral advertising on the Internet .
" Google 's comments underscore our support for the Commission 's proposed self - regulatory approach , " she wrote , " which we believe is the most appropriate method of ensuring innovation , competition , and consumer protection in this space . "
Europeans , it appears , have a bit more faith in the power of regulators to lay down consumer - friendly ground rules .
Gezielte Werbung Experten kritisieren Schnüffel - Passus von StudiVZ
Das Studentennetzwerk StudiVZ will seinen Nutzern personalisierte Werbung präsentieren - und ändert dafür die Geschäftsbedingungen .
Wer nicht zustimmt , fliegt raus .
Experten zweifeln an der Gesetzesmäßigkeit der Methode  man dürfe Nutzer nicht zur Selbstentblößung zwingen .
NOUAKCHOTT , Mauritania ( AP )  Gunmen opened fire on the Israeli Embassy in Mauritania Friday , setting off a battle with guards that wounded one person , according to Israeli officials and witnesses .
The Israeli ambassador said that the wounded person was a Mauritanian who lived nearby .
Two witnesses said the attack had been carried out by a group of men who shouted “ God is Great ! ” in Arabic before opening fire on the embassy around 2 a.m .
Mauritanian officials issued no immediate comment .
Hamza Ould Bilal , a taxi driver who had been parked outside a nightclub next to the embassy , said six men had gathered outside the club before pulling out weapons and shooting .
Embassy guards traded fire with the gunmen , who fled on foot and jumped into a car , Mr. Bilal said .
Ali Fall , a club employee , said several men attacked the embassy with guns before fleeing .
In late December , four French tourists were killed while picnicking in Mauritania , an act the government blamed on a terrorist cell affiliated with Al Qaeda .
The least interesting number
Berry 's paradox goes like this :
Some natural numbers , like 2 , are interesting .
Some natural numbers , like 255610679 ( I think ) , are not interesting .
Consider the set of uninteresting natural numbers .
If this set were nonempty , it would contain a smallest element s.
But then s , would have the interesting property of being the smallest uninteresting number .
This is a contradiction .
So the set of uninteresting natural numbers must be empty .
This reads like a joke , and it is tempting to dismiss it as a trite bit of foolishness .
But it has rather interesting and deep connections to other related matters , such as the Grelling - Nelson paradox and Gödel 's incompleteness theorem .
I plan to write about that someday .
But today my purpose is only to argue that there are demonstrably uninteresting real numbers .
I even have an example .
Liouville 's number L is uninteresting .
It is defined as : $ $\sum_{i=1} ^\infty { 10} ^{-i!} = 0.1100010000000000000001000\ldots $ $
Why is this number of any concern ?
In 1844 Joseph Liouville showed that there was an upper bound on how closely an irrational algebraic number could be approximated by rationals .
L can be approximated much more closely than that , and so must therefore be transcendental .
This was the proof of the existence of transcendental numbers .
The only noteworthy mathematical property possessed by L is its transcendentality .
But this is certainly not enough to qualify it as interesting , since nearly all real numbers are transcendental .
Liouville 's theorem shows how to construct many transcendental numbers , but the construction generates many similar numbers .
For example , you can replace the 10 with a 2 , or the n! with floor ( en ) or any other fast - growing function .
It appears that any potentially interesting property possessed by Liouville 's number is also possessed by uncountably many other numbers .
Its uninterestingness is identical to that of other transcendental numbers constructed by Liouville 's method .
L was neither the first nor the simplest number so constructed , so Liouville 's number is not even of historical interest .
The argument in Berry 's paradox fails for the real numbers : since the real numbers are not well - ordered , the set of uninteresting real numbers need have no smallest element , and in fact ( by Berry 's argument ) does not .
Liouville 's number is not the smallest number of its type , nor the largest , nor anything else of interest .
If someone were to come along and prove that Liouville 's number was the most uninteresting real number , that would be rather interesting , but it has not happened , nor is it likely .
[ Other articles in category / math ] permanent link
In an attempt to redeem ourselves for the mainstream list of 100 guy movies , we ’ve compiled a list of guy movies you might not have seen .
Check them out today
We ’ve received a great deal of criticism for our 100 Great Movies Every Guy MUST
See article due to the generic action flicks and repetitive Hollywood story lines .
In the interests of promoting lesser known films , we ’ve rented , downloaded or borrowed hundreds of guy movies you may not have heard of before .
We ’ve watched them , reviewed them and now we ’ll list our top ten .
Here they are :
# 10 – The Right Stuff
Not many movies are better than the book the story is taken from , but the Right Stuff is one film that achieves this feat .
The Right Stuff is the first act of a much bigger story in which the main goal was to reach the moon before the Russians .
The Space Race .
This story is downplayed and instead explores the seven original astronauts plus Chuck Yeager , the guy who was n’t chosen for the mission .
What makes it great is that even though these guys knew the dangers of space travel , the risk of death or being unable to re-enter the earth ’s atmosphere , they took those risks because they were made of the right stuff .
? Is that a man ??
You ?re damn right it is !?
# 9 – Croupier
A story about an aspiring writer who gets a job as a croupier in a casino .
When he gets involved with a patron of said casino ( cue Alex Kingston in her birthday suit ) , she encourages him to join her gang to be the inside man ( see what we did there ? ) for their planned heist of the casino .
All the while , Jack uses his experiences for the plot of his book , “ I , Croupier ” .
The movie is multi-layered , combining love , sex , deceit and betrayal along with robbery and murder and is definitely a sleeper .
We ’d never even heard of it until we saw it .
Clive Owen , as usual , portrays the character fantastically .
“ The world breaks everyone , and afterwards many are strong at the broken places .
But those that will not break , it kills – it kills the very good , and the very gentle , and the very brave , impartially .
If you are none of these , you can be sure it will kill you , too , but there will be no special hurry . ”
- Ernest Hemingway
# 8 – District / Banlieue 13
Can you imagine what a ghetto would look like in Paris in 2010 ?
That ’s the setting for this movie .
An undercover cop and a former bad guy try to infiltrate a gang to defuse a neutron bomb .
What ensues is a high - octane fusion of free - running and government conspiracy .
If you ’re looking for an adrenaline fuelled movie with some great stunts , you could do much worse than District 13 .
“ You really think the government would allow District 13 to be destroyed ? ”
-“ Six million died for not having blonde hair and blue eyes . ”
# 7 – The Nest
If your movie of choice is a tightly - woven action thriller , you should pick up a copy of this stylish French movie which may go by its other name , Nid de guêpes .
The film is a combination of Die Hard and Assault on Precinct 13 which , surprisingly , packs an emotional punch and may draw a sob or two from the more sensitive viewer .
It ’s an intelligent film with a steady pace that may not sit well with the traditional Hollywood standards but we found it absolutely thrilling and enjoyed every second of the crisp , sparkling visuals , particularly during the numerous blood - soaked shootouts .
Oh and it stars this lovely lady too .
This is where it gets complicated .
# 6 – The Sting
Robert Redford and Paul Newman star in this crime - comedy caper as Johnny Hooker and Henry Gondorff .
After a big job turns bad , Johnny turns to Henry ( possibly one of the greatest con-artists of all time ) to set up a revenge sting against the vindictive head of the big - time gangsters Johnny had inadvertently ripped off in his initial job .
The mannerisms and methods of speech portrayed by the characters will whisk you back to the middle of the Depression , yet the characters portray charisma in bounds and enough human spirit to come together in battle against devilish gangster Doyle Lonnegan .
This is cinematic enjoyment at its purest .
“ Luther said I could learn some things from you .
I already know how to drink . ”
# 5 – Human Traffic
If you ’re English , chances are you ’ve seen this film .
If you ’re not then you probably think it ’s about trafficking humans .
Actually , it ’s about pubs , clubs , drugs and love .
Some people will say that the movie glorifies drug use , but you need to accept this film for what it is .
A group of friends who live for the weekend .
When Friday night arrives they spend the entire weekend drinking , clubbing and socialising .
Just watching this movie makes me want to go out and live it up till the wee hours of the morning .
Does it make me want to take drugs ?
No it does n’t .
Do n’t take it too seriously and you might actually enjoy this film .
“ The weekend has landed .
All that exists now is clubs , drugs , pubs and parties .
I ’ve got 48 hours off from the world , man .
I ’m gonna blow steam out my head like a screaming kettle , I ’m gonna talk cod shit to strangers all night , I ’m gonna lose the plot on the dancefloor .
The free radicals inside me are freakin’ , man !
Tonight I ’m Jip Travolta , I ’m Peter Popper , I ’m going to never - never land with my chosen family , man .
We ’re gonna get more spaced out than Neil Armstrong ever did , anything could happen tonight , you know ?
This could be the best night of my life . ”
# 4 – 101 Reykjav
If you ’ve ever wondered what it would be like if you were a 30 year - old guy living in Iceland , then wonder no more .
Following the life of unemployed Hlynur , this is n’t your typical guy movie .
It ’s almost a coming - of - age drama comedy with some really brilliant dialogue .
Hlynur still lives with his mother and spends his days drinking , smoking and watching porn on the net – there ’s at least one thing in that list we can all relate to .
He wo n’t get a job and he is n’t exactly successful with the ladies .
There is plenty of nudity for you too , although on more than one occasion , the nudity wo n’t be to your liking ( if you ’re a guy ) .
Fantastic film that won a great deal of awards .
“ Why do n’t they show any porn in the morning ?
It ’s easy to get the rest up once your dicks up and about . ”
# 3 – Seven Samurai
How we missed off Kurosawa ’s triumphant epic from the last list , we ’ll never know .
We have shamed ourselves .
Anyway , this movie is a masterpiece and it follows the story of seven masterless samurai hired by a village of farmers to combat bandits who will return after the harvest to steal the crops .
One of the greatest and most influential films of all time , Seven Samurai is one of a select handful of Japanese films that became widely known in the west .
Of course , then Hollywood saw the potential and the story was adapted for the western film The Magnificent Seven starring Steve McQueen .
Many of the scenes in The Magnificent Seven mirror those of Seven Samurai , albeit in a different setting and the last line of dialog in the movies are almost exactly the same .
“ The old man was right .
Only the farmers won .
We lost .
We always lose . ”
# 2 – The Rules Of The Game
After reading the plot for this movie , we really did n’t expect to like it but much to our surprise , this movie was fantastic .
Set in France at the onset of World War II , The Rules Of The Game is actually a provocative study of class distinction and human folly .
This movie is quite complex and with such great dialog , you ’d probably need to watch it a few times to catch everything .
The movie is like a murder mystery at a big French chateau .
Was it one of the rich guests with the knife in the kitchen ?
Was it a servant with the lead pipe in the bedroom ?
Watch the movie to find out .
“ I have no choice but to dismiss you .
It breaks my heart , but I ca n’t expose my guests to your firearms .
It may be wrong of them , but they value their lives . ”
# 1 – The Limey
This is not your typical revenge type film .
It ’s a slow burner , focusing much more on the character Wilson , played by Terence Stamp .
Wilson is an English criminal who , fresh out prison , heads to LA to avenge the death of his daughter .
A simple but effective story line I ’m sure you ’ll agree .
The look Stamp has on his face in this movie is enough to strike fear into the heart of anyone and his vocabulary is wonderfully English .
“ Ca n’t be too careful nowadays , y’know ?
Lot of “ tea leaves ” about , know what I mean ? ”
-“ Excuse me ? ”
“ Tea leaves … thieves . ”
If you ’ve scoured the planet for obscure guy movies , or you ’re just a major movie buff , feel free to drop a few film titles in the comments to enlighten us all .
Here at Just A Guy
Thing we ’re particularly interested in foreign films at the moment so please , share with us .
Fox host makes gay jokes at death of Heath Ledger Michael Roston and David Edwards
Published : Thursday January 24 , 2008
del.icio.us |
Print This Email
This A variety of MSNBC hosts were " sickened " by comments made by Fox host John Gibson on his radio show , soon after the death of actor Heath Ledger , that appeared to hint that the actor was gay .
Gibson used the occasion of the 28 - year - old actor 's death to crack jokes about the actor and play clips from his most notable film , Brokeback Mountain .
The remarks from the radio host seemed to make insinuations about the actor 's sexuality .
" Maybe he was a weirdo , I 'm thinking about it right now , " Gibson said on his show .
Gibson also played a memorable line from Ledger 's most notable film , Brokeback Mountain , and said , " Well , he found out how to quit you .
" Heath Ledger died , and I 'm sure people will be upset , " Gibson continued .
" All you " Brokeback Mountain " fans who want to give Christine a call , she 'll be happy to talk to you . "
" I do n't know how you stay on the air after doing something like that , quite frankly , " Mika Brzezinski said in response on MSNBC 's Morning Joe .
Show host Joe Scarborough also excoriated Gibson 's staff for letting him take the discussion in that direction .
Keith Olbermann also declared Gibson the " worst person in the world " on his show Wednesday night .
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown and MSNBC's Morning Joe , broadcast January 23 and 24 , 2008 .
Transcript of Morning Joe via closed captions
:: You did n't use the john gibson news you can't use .
Did you hear what that guy did yesterday ?
:: Oh .
:: I heard bits of it .
:: He -- it was unbelievable .
Mika saw this and brought it up to my attention .
:: I did .
:: This is kind of concerning .
Do we have the clip , chris ?
:: We 'll have it in one second .
::
Where john gibson was actually talking about heath ledger 's tragic death
:: And I believe this -- what you 're about to see is a bit callous .
Is that a safe way to characterize that ?
:: I would characterize it as being grossly inappropriate bordering on --
:: Just show a small clip .
I do n't want to --
:: It 's very insensitive .
Let 's watch .
John gibson yesterday .
:: Maybe he was a weirdo .
I 'm thinking about it right now .
Heath ledger died , and i'm sure people will be upset .
All you " brokeback mountain " fans who want to give christine a call , she 'll be happy to talk to you .
Maybe he had a serious position in the market .
:: Possibly .
And today he looked at the window --
:: And said , oh , my gosh , apparently heath ledger was suicidal and his friends saw it coming .
I think he watched the clinton - obama debate last night .
:: And then he went on -- did n't he go on and say something like I can't quit you .
:: I think he had a clip of I can't quit you .
And he said something like he did quit us .
Is he trying to be funny ?
that 's not funny .
:: I do n't know how you stay on the air after doing something like that , quite frankly .
:: It 's not just him .
That entire team was making fun of a trageic death , and anybody that has had a friend or family member that has fought --
:: Struggled .
: : -- addiction problems and the demons of that .
And this man , this human being , this father , who had a 2 - year - old daughter that he dearly loved and he left behind , it 's unconscionable .
I do n't understand that , mika .
I really -- you 're right .
Calling this guy a weirdo , saying he found a way to quit us , maybe he killed himself because he watched the clinton - obama debate .
This is about as callous and harsh of anything I have heard .
It is unspeakably rude .
:: I also do n't see how you get away with something like that .
I just do n't .
Not that -- I do n't know .
I do n't know how you stay on the air .
I do n't know who would listen to you .
:: I do n't get it .
:: Maybe i'm just --
:: Maybe people like listening to that .
:: Not edgy enough .
:: Making fun of tragedy in other people 's lives .
:: Okay .
:: I swear , I do n't understand that at all .
:: Yeah .
:: What 's wrong with him ?
:: Let 's make a rule .
When someone dies , let 's not laugh about it .
Let 's all agree on that .
:: We 'll make it a rule here in the trust tree , and we 're not going to talk about john gibson anymore because it 's too sick .
:: It 's sick .
That 's a great word for it .
It 's sick .
And it was n't just john gibson , it 's whoever else was around him , sitting there mocking and ridicules heath ledger , a young man , 28 years old , fighting depression , fighting substance abuse , fighting a loet of demons that a lot of americans fight every day .
:: Yeah .
Well , okay .
:: And he 's making it -- he 's making this young man 's death , this father 's death a punch line .
:: Well , it was absolutely , totally out of line .
:: Chris says we have another one .
:: No . I do n't --
:: Let 's play a little bit more .
Let 's see who this john gibson is .
:: Since we 're going to be working together , I reckon it 's time we start drinking together .
:: Sure found a way to make the time pass up there .
:: We was fishing buddies .
:: I wish I knew how to quit you .
:: Well , he found out how to quit you .
Heath ledger died , and i'm sure people will be upset .
All you " brokeback mountain " fans who want to give christine a call , she 'll be happy to talk to you .
:: We 're dead .
:: We 're dead .
:: We 're dead .
:: Did you hear him laughing ?
:: That 's not funny .
:: That makes me nauseous .
I 'm serious .
:: Did you hear him starting to laugh ?
:: I cannot believe --
:: Is he laughing that heath ledger died because he made a movie about two gay men ?
is that why this young father dying was a punch line to john gibson ?
:: Of course it is .
That 's the implication .
:: So if you make a movie , this is now -- it 's not that uruguay , then your death is a punch line .
If you make a movie about being gay , that 's a punch line .
Your death becomes a punch line .
This is -- I do n't know who syndicates this guy , but that is absolutely stunning .
That john gibson would be that mean - spirited and hateful .
There are -- there is no other -- let 's move on .
I am so flaber -- flabberghasted by this that egs laughing at a young father 's death .
And I suppose today he could say , well , he 's the guy that decided to kill himself and leave his daughter .
:: He did n't , first of all .
We do n't know that .
:: We do n't know that that 's the case .
Also , every family -- gay families , straight families , republicans , democrats , conservatives , liberals , evangelicals , jews , atheists -- everybody has been touched by somebody in their family that has either been impacted by depression or by substance abuse .
And it is tragic , and the fact that he is making light of it is , again , just incomprehensivible .
I do n't know how the guy sleeps at night .
:: I assume this guy should apologize , and at the very most .
He should probably lose his job .
:: I do n't even want to look at his face anymore because , you 're right , it makes me sick .
::
And the one thing we have n't brought up as we bring up this rift between hillary clinton and barack obama and look ahead to south carolina this saturday , which we 'll be covering , is these reports coming out that he bungled votes , that he pushed the wrong button .
Have you seen this ?
:: No , he 's not saying that , is he ?
he pushed the wrong button .
:: He 's not .
:: He 's sayingette pushed the wrong button .
:: I believe five times during his eight years in the state office , obama cast a vote and said he hit the wrong button .
:: No , he did not .
:: Joe , you voted .
How often did you hit the wrong button ?
:: I voted tens of thousands of times .
Mystic Circle has been played 28917 times so far on arcadevoid.com with 0 game plays today .
Mystic Circle has an average game rating of 3/5 :
For the average American who will never see it , the new US Embassy in Baghdad may be little more than the Big Dig of the Tigris .
Like the infamous Boston highway project , the embassy is a mammoth development that is overbudget , overdue , and casts a whiff of corruption .
For many Iraqis , though , the sand - and - ochre - colored compound peering out across the city from a reedy stretch of riverfront within the fortified Green Zone is an unsettling symbol both of what they have become in the five years since the fall of Saddam Hussein , and of what they have yet to achieve .
" It is a symbol of occupation for the Iraqi people , that is all , " says Anouar , a Baghdad graduate student who thought it was risk enough to give her first name .
" We see the size of this embassy and we think we will be part of the American plan for our country and our region for many , many years . "
The 104 - acre , 21 - building enclave – the largest US Embassy in the world , similar in size to Vatican City in Rome – is often described as a " castle " by Iraqis , but more in the sense of the forbidden and dominating than of the alluring and liberating .
" We all know this big yellow castle , but its main purpose , it seems , is the security of the Americans who will live there , " says Sarah , a university sophomore who also declined to give her last name for reasons of personal safety .
" I heard that no one else can ever reach it . "
Among the Iraqi elites who have suffered so much in the chaos of the post - Hussein period – the professors , doctors , architects , and artists – the impact of the new American giant is often expressed more symbolically but sometimes using the same terms .
Castles in the sand
" Saddam had his big castles ; they symbolized his power and were places to be feared , and now we have the castle of the power that toppled him , " says Abdul Jabbar Ahmed , a vice dean for political sciences at Baghdad University .
" If I am the ambassador of the USA here I would say , ' Build something smaller that does n't stand out so much , it 's too important that we avoid these negative impressions . ' "
Yet while the new embassy may be the largest in the world , it is not in its design and presence unlike others the US has built around the world in a burst of overseas construction since the bombings of US missions in the 1980s and '90s .
Efforts to provide the 12,000 American diplomats working overseas a secure environment were redoubled following the 9/11 attacks .
Designed according to what are called the " Inman standards " – the results of a 1985 commission on secure embassy construction headed by former National Security Agency head Bobby Inman – recent embassies have been built as fortified compounds away from population centers and surrounded by high walls .
In the case of larger embassies in the most dangerous environments , as in Baghdad , secure housing is included , along with some of the amenities of home – restaurants , gyms , pools , cinemas , shopping – that can give the compound the air of an enclave .
The US government cleared the new Baghdad Embassy for occupancy last week , with the embassy 's 700 employees and up to 250 military personnel expected to move in over the month of May , according to Ambassador Ryan Crocker .
$ 1 billion a year to operate
The $ 740 million compound – expected to cost more than $ 1 billion a year to operate – was originally expected to cost $ 600 million to build and was to open in September 2007 .
Design changes and faulty construction caused repeated delays .
Congress learned last fall of problems with the site 's electrical system , and early this year reports surfaced of significant problems with the fire - fighting systems .
Nevertheless , embassy personnel have been anxious for the complex , with more than 600 blast - resistant apartments , to open and give them some refuge from the mortar fire that has increasingly targeted the Green Zone this year .
Last month , a mortar slammed into one of the unfortified trailers where personnel now sleep , killing an American civilian contractor .
At least two US soldiers have died from rocket fire on the Green Zone since then .
But even the embassy 's opening may not be assuaging diplomats ' concerns about assignments in Iraq .
Last week , the State Department warned that it may start ordering employees to serve at the embassy next year if more volunteers do not come forward for the 300 posts expected to open .
The State Department announcement follows a similar warning last fall of a shortfall of volunteers for about 50 Iraq positions .
Candidates were eventually found without any compulsory assignments for 2008 , but the prospect of ordered assignments to a war zone caused tensions at the department .
Such challenges to the full manning of the new embassy have yet to reach Iraqi ears .
Still , some Iraqis who condemn the imagery of the imposing new compound say they are even more critical of what , in an indirect way , it also tells Iraqis about their own leadership .
" What does it say to Iraqis that we cannot walk along a beautiful part of the river in our own land because of this big American place ? " says Qasim Sabti , an Iraqi artist and Baghdad gallery owner .
" But it shows us something else about our own government , " he adds .
" At least the Americans could build this thing , but we Iraqis have no new buildings or streets , everything is destroyed – but still the corruption is so great that the money goes into pockets before it can build something new . "
Other Iraqis say the embassy highlights the long - term interests the US has in both Iraq and the region .
" If it is so big , it is a reflection of the size of the designs they have for Iraq and the Middle East , " says Maimoon al - Khaldi , an actor and professor at Baghdad 's Fine Arts Academy .
" It is a sign of their energy agenda and of their security agenda in this region , " he adds .
" This building faces the Iraqis , yes , but also the Iranians they have declared to be their enemies . "
Mr. Jabbar says the Americans " surely have a right and duty to protect their delegation here . "
But he says he still would n't have built something so large .
" That is too much of a symbol , " he says .
" It sends a message to the Iraqis that says , ' Be careful , we removed Saddam Hussein and we can remove what has come after him anytime we want . ' "
Ancient Astronaut Theory
There are many subroutines running in the hologram we call our reality - evidence of previous experiences found in many parts of the planet sometimes as inserts that suddenly appears out of nowhere and are alien to us .
Most people believe in aliens - from ancient visitors to modern day extraterrestrials who visit Earth with an agenda .
Clearly the creation myths of each ancient civilization discuss alien gods who descended from the sky for any number of reasons , some of who allegedly mated with human woman to create bloodlines , or created humans through biogenetic experiments .
In the duality of physical reality , there would be good aliens and bad aliens - who would have great battles , just as we do while visiting here .
Ancient aliens , as we envision them based on endless physical evidence found across the planet , does not actually refer to a group of extraterrestrial beings who came here once upon a time , but is more about those who create the consciousness hologram in which we vicariously experience and learn .
Reality is consciousness created in the matrix of time to study emotions .
As we search for the truth behind the illusion about who created humans and other sentient life forms , we look to those who came from the stars - ancient astronauts or creation gods .
One must never forget that if there are indeed extraterrestrials who are physical beings after a fashion , and that creation continues beyond their agendas .
They are a sub-routine , for lack of a better word , within our programmed reality .
Call it a Grand Design , Master Plan , or whatever term comes to mind , but remember , it had a beginning and is rapidly approaching its end .
Watch the signs - internal and external .
Physical Evidence
Sumerian God Anu
Is he holding the mythical Holy Grail cup ?
Sumerian Artifacts , British Museum
Zecharia Sitchin - Anunnaki Theory of Creation
Did ancient astronauts seed the human race ?
If so , what was their agenda ?
Have these ancient astronauts used planet Earth as a place for their ' science projects ' , creating race after race using biogenetic manipulation , then wiping everything out and starting again ?
According to ancient alien theorists , most of whom have researched the topic for decades , extraterrestrials with superior knowledge of science and engineering landed on Earth thousands of years ago , sharing their expertise with early civilizations and forever changing the course of human history .
To this day researchers look for evidence to support this theory .
Ancient alien theory grew out of the centuries - old idea that life exists on other planets , and that humans and extraterrestrials have crossed paths before .
The theme of human - alien interaction was thrust into the spotlight in the 1960s , driven by a wave of UFO sightings and popular films like 2001 : A Space Odyssey ( 1968 ) .
The space program played no small part in this as well ... if mankind could travel to other planets , why couldnÕt extraterrestrials visit Earth ?
Also in 1968 , Swiss researcher and author Erich von DŠniken published Chariots of the Gods , which became an immediate bestseller .
In it , he put forth his hypothesis that , the technologies and religions of many ancient civilizations were given to them by space travelers who were welcomed as gods .
He is regarded by many as the father of ancient alien theory , also known as the ancient astronaut theory .
Since that time , he has written many other books and appeared in media presenting physical proof of his theories .
In 2010 he appeared in the History Channel mini series , " Ancient Aliens " .
The types of evidence von DŠniken cites can be categorized as follows :
The existence of structures and artifacts have been found which represent higher technological knowledge than is presumed to have existed at the times they were manufactured .
DŠniken maintains that these artifacts were produced either by extraterrestrial visitors or by humans who learned the necessary knowledge from them .
These artifacts include the Moai of Easter Island
Egyptian Pyramids
Stonehenge
Submerged Cities thousands of years old
Humans could not have designed and constructed them
The medieval map known as the Piri Reis Map
allegedly shows the Earth as it is seen from space
Nazca Lines of Peru
which von DŠniken believes was a landing strips or airfield
Interpretations of ancient artwork throughout the world as depictions of astronauts , air and space vehicles , extraterrestrials , and complex technology .
DŠniken also describes elements that he believes are similar in art of unrelated cultures .
Explanations for the origins of religions as reactions to contact with an alien race , including interpretations of the Old Testament of the Bible .
According to von Daniken , humans considered the technology of the aliens to be supernatural and the aliens themselves to be gods .
DŠniken asks if the oral and literal traditions of most religions contain references to visitors from stars and vehicles traveling through air and space .
These , he says , should be interpreted as literal descriptions which have changed during the passage of time and become more obscure .
Examples such as : Ezekiel 's revelation in Old Testament , which he interprets as a detailed description of a landing spacecraft with angels in the likeness of man .
Moses and the directions ' God ' gave him to construct the Ark of the Covenant , which is assumed to be a communication device with an alien race .
Lot and his extended family being ordered by human like ' angels ' to go to the mountains , due to the destruction of the city of Sodom by God .
His wife looked back at the possible nuclear explosion , and falling " dead on the spot " .
DŠniken attempts to draw an analogy with the " cargo cults " that formed during and after World War II , when once - isolated tribes in the South Pacific mistook the advanced American and Japanese soldiers for gods .
If aliens visited Earth in the past , could they make an appearance in the future ?
For ancient alien theorists , the answer is a resounding yes .
They believe that , by sharing their views with the world , they can help prepare future generations for the inevitable encounter that awaits them .
In China we find theories about an alien race
called the Dropa who left behind fascinating discs .
The Mayan - Popol Vuh , states ,
" Men came from the stars , knowing everything , and they examined
the four corners of the sky and the Earth 's round surface . "
One has to wonder where the ancient Maya got their advanced
knowledge in astronomy , mathematics , and other physical sciences .
Mayan Calendar
2012
The Mayan Chilam Balaam texts stated ,
" Beings descended from the sky in flying vessels ...
white men in flying rings , who can touch the sky . "
Petroglyphs Petroglyphs found on cave and mountain walls in many parts of the world , imply that ancient aliens may have visited the planet .
In the News ...
Exposing the Secret History of Giants and the Underground Hyperborean Gallery in Romania Ancient Origins - January 27 , 2016
With Rosia Montana being a mining area , a number of interesting discoveries have been unearthed there over the years - one of the most interesting being a skeleton of a 10 meter ( 32.8 feet ) tall giant which was found in 1976 .
About 5,500 years ago , an underground gallery was constructed in the region by the Agathyrsi .
In February 2012 , a group of geologists followed the gold vein in the same place .
They kept digging until they ended up at the base of the gallery .
To their utter surprise , they found a gravestone which was definitely not made of common rock .
The geologists took a sample , and the laboratory results revealed that the components of the tombstone included 55 % 50 karat gold dust , 15 % granite dust and 30 % wolfram .
Also , the analysis revealed that the composite rock had been made using a type of technology unknown today .
Known by the name of The Hyperborean Gallery or Gallery 13 , the place of this amazing discovery is located beneath Cornea village .
Glittering , unlooted 1,200 - year - old royal tomb found in Peru MSNBC - June 27 , 2013
Images of winged beings adorn a pair of gold - and - silver ear ornaments that a high - ranking Wari woman wore to her grave .
Archaeologists found the remains of 63 individuals , including three Wari queens , in the imperial tomb at El Castillo de Huarmey .
Gold and silver riches from more than a millennium ago have been found in Peru , within what appears to be the first unlooted tomb of South America 's Wari civilization , researchers reported Thursday .
The dramatic find is being revealed at a news conference at the El Castillo de Huarmey archaeological site , 175 miles ( 280 kilometers ) north of Lima .
Amazingly Untouched Royal Tomb Found in Peru Live Science - June 27 , 2013
A rare , undisturbed royal tomb has been unearthed in Peru , revealing the graves of three Wari queens buried alongside gold and silver riches and possible human sacrifices .
Though the surrounding site has been looted many times , this mausoleum has managed to evade grave robbers for hundreds of years , archaeologists say .
Long before the Inca built Machu Picchu , the Wari empire flourished between A.D. 700 and 1000 throughout much of present - day Peru .
At a time when Paris had just 25,000 residents , the Wari capital Huari was home to 40,000 people at its height , according to National Geographic , which reported the find .
Cave Art Reveals Ancient View of Cosmos Live Science - June 27 , 2013
Some of the oldest art in the United States maps humanity 's place in the cosmos , as aligned with an ancient religion .
A team of scientists has uncovered a series of engravings and drawings strategically placed in open air and within caves by prehistoric groups of Native American settlers that depict their cosmological understanding of the world around them .
" The subject matter of this artwork , what they were drawing pictures of , we knew all along was mythological , cosmological , " Jan Simek , an archaeologist at the University of Tennessee said .
They draw pictures of bird men that are important characters in their origin stories and in their hero legends , and so we knew it was a religious thing and because of that , we knew that it potentially referred to this multitiered universe that was the foundation of their cosmology .
[ In a fitting tribute to late Dungeons & Dragons co-creator Gary Gygax , Volition designer Monje examines Gygax 's massive legacy , suggesting that D&D was " the progenitor of most contemporary video games , irrespective of genre . " ]
This past March , Gary Gygax , the co-creator of Dungeons & Dragons , passed away at the age of 69 .
Gamers and websites marked his passing with the inevitable humorous tributes ( my favorite : " When I heard the news , I cried 2d10 tears " ) and honored him for the huge influence his game has had on our industry - namely that pen-and - paper Dungeons & Dragons directly spawned the video game RPG genre .
Rightly so ; there certainly would n't be a Final Fantasy , Mass Effect , or World of Warcraft today without the good ol ' analog D&D , released back in 1974 , and the genre shows no signs of slowing down .
On closer inspection , however , even this level of recognition is grossly inadequate .
In creating Dungeons & Dragons , Gygax and co-creator Dave Arneson did n't just build a blueprint for the digital RPGs to come ; they built the progenitor of most contemporary video games , irrespective of genre .
Virtual Worlds
You might remember playing games of pretend as a kid , building forts , playing cops and robbers or cowboys and indians , tinkering with action figures and the like .
At its core , First Edition D&D was a set of rules that formalized such imaginative play .
Using Gygax ' own miniatures wargame Chainmail as a foundation , D&D had rules for movement , for combat , for injuries and death , but also rules for interacting with characters and a system of morality .
As confusing and unintuitive as the rules sometimes were , the model of the world that emerged was pretty sophisticated ; for instance in separating ability scores from skill proficiencies , the model distinguished things one is born with from things one learns .
The dichotomy of free will and fate was even represented ; players chose their own actions yet were always at the mercy of dice rolls .
In providing these rules and model of the world , D&D offered a powerful framework for running the first interactive simulations of reality , one in which both the everyday and the extraordinary were possible .
For the first time in gaming , you could walk around a world , talk to people , explore towns and cities -- and , yes , dungeons .
More importantly , you could be a hero in that world , going on adventures to rescue those people , save those towns , fight dragons .
Though crude by today 's digital standards , the simulation was robust and extensible , modeling the fantastic -- elves , dragons , magic -- as well as the mundane .
The simulations ran on the best computers around : human brains .
Armed with common sense knowledge , intuition , and imagination , a person need only hear the word " forest " or " castle " in order to picture one .
( This worked out well , since building a convincing digital forest in 1974 was impossible . )
Still , players needed something to generate the experience -- where do the " forest " or " castle " come from ?
Gygax and Arneson 's answer was another human brain : the Dungeon Master's .
The DM of a D&D campaign runs and arbitrates the game , doing everything from designing the world and describing it to his players to providing goals and obstacles to controlling the actions of NPCs .
Contemporary video games also have a Dungeon Master , but there he 's much harder to pin down , because his job is spread across many people : dozens of programmers , artists , and designers all lend a hand in creating a game 's challenges and rewards , visuals and atmosphere .
Hardware and software also share some DM responsibilities , by for example controlling NPCs and by drawing the game world on TV screens .
The complexity and resources involved in " DMing " video games underscore how much more sophisticated and robust video game simulations are than pen-and - paper simulations .
But the latter 's crudeness is part of its appeal .
Because D&D " simulations " rely so much on human imagination and common sense , they can take place at precisely the level that humans care about -- at the very high level of people , places , and things -- and no lower .
This allows DMs to focus on what really matters -- the gameplay , the story , and the storytelling -- and lets them avoid the extreme pain required in creating , bit by bit , the robust digital worlds that run on silicon .
Level of complexity ( and creator masochism ) aside , however , it becomes easier to see a deeper link between pen-and - paper D&D and contemporary video games of most any genre , given the parallels .
Both offer interactive simulations that let players act within virtual worlds .
They just differ in how they get there .
Football Trick Play
Featured 07/29/2007
This has to be one of the most impressive football trick plays ever attempted .
( CNN ) -- Al - Jazeera broadcast on Thursday an audiotape on which a voice identified as Osama bin Laden declares " Iraq is the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate Palestine . "
Terrorist leader Osama bin Laden spoke on a video released by al Qaeda in September .
The voice calls on " Muslims in neighboring countries " to " do their best in supporting their mujahedeen brothers in Iraq . "
" My speech to you is about the siege of Gaza and the way to liberate it , " he said .
" The Gaza siege is a direct result of Annapolis , " he adds , apparently referring to the site of November 's summit in Annapolis , Maryland , where Israeli and Palestinian leadership agreed to work toward a two - state plan .
He accused Arabs who supported the plan of having become " partners in this horrendous crime . "
And he predicted , " Palestine will be restored to us , with God 's permission , when we wake up from our slumber and adhere to our faith and sacrifice our souls and belongings for it . "
The speaker called for armed revolt in the Middle East .
" Palestine and its people have been suffering from too much bitterness for almost a century now on the hands of the Christians and the Jews .
And both parties did n't take Palestine from us by negotiations and dialogue , but with arms and fire , and this is the only way to take it back , " he said .
Though the voice sounds like bin Laden , CNN has not been able to confirm that it is him .
However , a radical Islamist Web site reported earlier Wednesday that a statement from bin Laden was coming soon .
The notice appeared on Al - Ekhlaas , known for carrying statements and videos from al Qaeda and its allies .
Analysis of previous statements has indicated that bin Laden was the speaker , and a U.S. intelligence official said there was no reason to think the recorded voice was not bin Laden's .
The broadcast comes a day after another statement attributed to the al Qaeda leader condemned European countries for siding with the United States in Afghanistan and for allowing the publication of cartoons considered insulting to Islam 's prophet , Mohammed .
" This is the greater and more serious tragedy , and the reckoning for it will be more severe , " the speaker in the five - minute audio recording says .
The speaker said Muslims have not responded by mocking Jesus , whom they consider a prophet as well .
Do n't Miss Bin Laden associate transferred to Gitmo
" The laws of men which clash with the legislation of Allah the Most High are null and void , are n't sacred and do n't matter to us , " he said .
The speaker dismissed claims of free speech in his statement , citing European countries ' laws against denying the existence of the Holocaust .
Bin Laden also said in his earlier message that " the crownless king in Riyadh " -- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah -- could have prevented the publication of the cartoons " if it mattered to him . "
" If there is no check on the freedom of your words , then let your hearts be open to the freedom of our actions , " he said .
Bin Laden , who was behind the terrorist network 's September 11 attacks , has been in hiding since the U.S. assault on Afghanistan that followed those strikes .
His last public statement was an audio message issued in December , when he urged his followers in Iraq to continue battling U.S. troops there .
Wednesday marked the fifth anniversary of the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq .
The latest statement included no date reference beyond the cartoon controversy , which began in late 2005 when a Danish newspaper published a dozen cartoons about Islam , including one that depicted Mohammed wearing a turban resembling a bomb .
Violent protests erupted in early 2006 after other European newspapers reprinted the images as a matter of free speech .
Some Muslims believe it is forbidden by the Quran to show an image of the prophet at all , and others were offended that the cartoon by artist Kurt Westergaard appeared to depict Mohammed as a terrorist .
Westergaard said he wanted his cartoon to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terror .
Several newspapers in Denmark reprinted the controversial cartoons in February after Danish authorities arrested several people who were said to be plotting a " terror - related assassination " of the cartoonist .
That sparked violent protests in three Afghan cities this month , with Muslim students burning flags and chanting anti-Western statements .
The message said the publication of the drawings in question " came in the framework of a new crusade in which the Pope of the Vatican has played a large , lengthy role . "
Pope Benedict is scheduled to visit the United States next month , with scheduled stops at the White House , the United Nations and Ground Zero , where the Twin Towers stood until al Qaeda 's attack .
Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne of the New York City Police Department said the department " has been working closely with the United States Secret Service to provide the highest level of protection possible " during the Pope 's visit to New York .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Octavia Nasr and Pam Benson contributed to this report .
All About Osama bin Laden • September 11 Attacks • Iraq War • Al Qaeda
Once again , in reporting to Congress , Gen. David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker highlighted " progress " in Iraq without discussing the price Iraqis are paying for the occupation of their country .
Reports from Iraq indicate that nearly 500 Iraqis died in the first three days of fighting against the Sadr organization in Baghdad , Basra , Hilla , Diwaniya , and Kut at the end of March .
Hundreds more have been wounded .
U.S. forces are bombing the militia from the air even in the densely populated area of Sadr City .
But even worse , Petraeus and Crocker did n’t mention what is really happening on the ground  by supporting Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki in his attacks on Sadr ’s Mahdi Army , the U.S. is now more deeply involved in Iraq ’s sectarian war .
Maliki is from the small Dawa Party , but his prime support comes from the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq ( ISCI ) , the largest Shia party , and their militia , the Badr Organization .
ISCI is closely allied with Iran .
ISCI ’s intent has been to be the dominant force in Iraq by weakening the strong , nationalist Sadr organization and to weaken the other nationalist organization , the Fadhila .
Indeed , one can see Maliki ’s weak position in the parliament : his ISCI party has 36 seats , while Sadr has 32 and Fadhila has 15 .
Sadr , despite this aggressive move against his organization by the government of Iraq and U.S. forces , is still calling for peaceful and political means to resolve these issues .
It ’s true that some elements of Sadr ’s army are criminal , but encouraging political dialogue with him has been fruitful in the past .
It was through negotiation with his group that the cease - fire was created .
If the fighting continues , it ’s likely that the Sadr cease - fire will end .
Why is this happening now ?
There are three possible explanations .
One is that Iran tacitly encouraged the Maliki government , since Sadr ’s nationalist tendencies do not sit well with the Iranians .
The other explanation is that the Maliki government wants to weaken Sadr ’s group before the provincial elections ;
Sadr might win the majority of the provincial councils ’ vote if the elections were held now .
Finally , this latest military action gives Gen. Petraeus ammunition to stave off any thought of further troop cuts .
The United States and the current regime in Iraq continue to claim that they are " only " after the " criminal elements " of the Sadr militia .
What about the " criminal " elements in the Badr organization ?
They are our allies for now , but how long will that last ?
U.S. support for Maliki ’s action means that we likely gave our permission for this action despite statements to the contrary .
Vice President Dick Cheney ’s visit to Baghdad just prior to this military action may have been the green light .
We have tried many approaches to reduce violence , even arming insurgents who have killed Americans to fight other Iraqi factions .
The U.S. calculation is that any diminution of nationalist forces serves our purpose  to stay and colonize Iraq for a long time while trumpeting our aims of freedom and democracy for Iraqis .
We are in the process of building a puppet government that will exist to serve American interests .
The cost of this policy can be counted in the number of Iraqi dead and wounded .
Having a puppet government would be a convenient way to claim that Iraq ’s " sovereign " government is requesting our continued presence .
Bush claimed recently that the situation in Iraq is improving and returning to " normalcy . "
Baghdad is under a curfew .
After the deaths of two U.S. civilians in the Green Zone , the U.S. embassy has issued a lockdown for all personnel to remain in their fortified buildings until further notice .
So much for President Bush ’s claims of normalcy .
The Iraqi people are sick and tired of five years of death and destruction with no end in sight .
They are also tired of the rampant corruption in their government and its security forces .
Iraqis are suffering like no other nation in the Middle East .
Four million refugees , hundreds of thousands dead , and many more wounded : this is the American legacy in Iraq .
When will American moral outrage be so deafening that our leaders have no choice but to leave Iraq and admit our awful mistake ?
And so we enter our sixth year of war , bringing freedom and democracy to Iraq under American domination .
Reprinted courtesy of Foreign Policy in Focus .
Attorney General Michael Mukasey has informed Nancy Pelosi that he will not enforce the contempt citations issued by the House last week .
He informed the Speaker that neither Josh Bolten nor Harriet Miers committed any crimes , and therefore the Department of Justice did n’t really see the need to prosecute them :
U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey refused on Friday to pursue contempt citations issued by the House of Representatives against a current and a former White House aide for not cooperating in a probe of the firing of U.S. attorneys .
Saying no crime was committed , Mukasey rejected a request by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to refer the citations to a federal grand jury investigation of current White House chief of staff Josh Bolten and former White House counsel Harriet Miers .
“ The Department has determined that the non-compliance by Mr. Bolten and Ms. Miers with the Judiciary Committee subpoenas did not constitute a crime , and therefore the Department will not bring the congressional contempt citations before a grand jury or take any other action to prosecute Mr. Bolten or Ms. Miers , ” Mukasey said in a letter to Pelosi .
The next step will be for the House to file a lawsuit against the DoJ to force them into prosecuting the citations .
That gets into some sticky areas of the law .
The concepts of executive privilege have not fully been tested in the courts , and until now both elective branches have done their best to avoid an all - out legal confrontation .
In this case , though , the House has been itching for a fight .
The White House has offered to meet the committee members partway , but they have insisted on demanding that the Bush administration give up its claim on executive privilege instead — which no one ever believed they would do .
Mukasey found that Bush ’s use of executive privilege meets legal requirements .
Now the courts will have to make a decision that will make one branch or another very unhappy , and for a very long time — all over terminations that were obviously in the purview of the executive , and after a fishing expedition that produced nothing more than an incompetent AG .
Thankfully , we have a much more talented replacement at the helm .
A woman looks at shoes while shopping in New York , November 20 , 2007 .
In the latest example that the U.S. dollar just ain't what it used to be , some shops in New York City have begun accepting euros and other foreign currency as payment for merchandise .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
In the latest example that the U.S. dollar just ai n’t what it used to be , some shops in New York City have begun accepting euros and other foreign currency as payment for merchandise .
“ We had decided that money is money and we ’ll take it and just do the exchange whenever we can with our bank , ” Robert Chu , owner of East Village Wines , told Reuters television .
The increasingly weak U.S. dollar , once considered the king among currencies , has brought waves of European tourists to New York with money to burn and looking to take advantage of hugely favorable exchange rates .
“ We did n’t realize we would take so much in and there were that many people traveling or having euros to bring in .
But some days , you ’d be surprised at how many euros you get , ” Chu said .
“ Now we have to get familiar with other currencies and the ( British ) pound and the Canadian dollars we take , ” he said .
While shops in many U.S. towns on the Canadian border have long accepted Canadian currency and some stores on the Texas - Mexico border take pesos , the acceptance of foreign money in Manhattan was unheard of until recently .
Not far from Chu ’s downtown wine emporium , Billy Leroy of Billy ’s Antiques & Props said the vast numbers of Europeans shopping in the neighborhood got him thinking , “ My God , I should take euros in at the store . ”
Leroy does n’t even bother to exchange them .
“ I ’m happy if I take in 200 euros , because what I do is keep them , ” he said .
“ So when I go back to Paris , I do n’t have to go through the nightmare of going to an exchange place . ”
U - NEXT ポイントとは？
病院というとどうしてあれほどことが長くなるのでしょうか。苦痛でたまりません。ポイントを済ませたら外出できる病院もありますが、映画が長いことは覚悟しなくてはなりません。作品は様々な年齢層がいますが、子供はその活発さが目立ち、絶不調のときなんか、映画って感じることは多いですが、おすすめが笑顔で話しかけてきたりすると、映画でもいいやと思えるから不思議です。利用の母親というのはみんな、ポイントから不意に与えられる喜びで、いままでのサービスを解消しているのかななんて思いました。
この3、4ヶ月という間、見放題をずっと続けてきたのに、ポイントというきっかけがあってから、ポイントを好きなだけ食べてしまい、U-NEXTもかなり飲みましたから、書籍を知る気力が湧いて来ません。U-NEXTだったら続けていけると感じた矢先のことでしたので、動画をする以外に、もう、道はなさそうです。配信に頼ることだけは絶対にないだろうと思っていましたが、交換がダメとなると、もはや道は限られてしまっているのですから、ポイントに挑戦して結果を出すように頑張ってみます。
最近、腰痛がだんだん悪化してきたので、U-NEXTを購入して、使ってみました。配信を買ったときは思ったより効果がなかったのでやめてしまいましたが、ポイントは良かったですよ！利用というところがこの商品の特徴なんでしょうけど、私ぐらいの長年の腰痛持ちにも効きます。もらっを使うようになってから腰がラクになるようになるまでは思ったより早かったです。U-NEXTも併用すると良いそうなので、ポイントを購入することも考えていますが、有効はそれなりのお値段なので、ありでいいか、どうしようか、決めあぐねています。U-NEXTを買いたい気持ちは山々ですが、安いものではないので、じっくり考えないといけません。
深夜のテレビの怪奇現象。といっても変なのが出てくるわけではありません。だけどなぜか必ずサービスが流れているんですね。配信から判断しないと、別の番組、別の会社だって分かりません。U-NEXTを聞いていると、あっ、また同じ番組のループにハマっちゃったと思います。動画の役割もほとんど同じですし、もらにも共通点が多く、コミックと似てて全然構わないんだなあと感心してしまいます。ポイントもせっかく流しているのですから観たい人もいるのでしょう。でも、円を制作するスタッフは苦労していそうです。ニャみたいな魅力的なコンテンツを、練りに練って仕上げていくようなプライドは、時代遅れなのかもしれません。円だけに残念に思っている人は、多いと思います。
私、関東から引っ越してきた人間なんですが、円だったらすごい面白いバラエティが映画のように流れているんだと思い込んでいました。観といえば、やはり笑いのメッカというべき劇場もあるわけだし、映画にしたって関東人の常識が吹き飛ぶくらいすごかろうと利用が満々でした。が、配信に住んでテレビをつけたら、違うんです。たしかにローカルの番組は本数が多いのですが、サービスと比べて特別すごいものってなくて、期限に限れば、関東のほうが上出来で、円というのは昔の話なのか、あるいは盛りすぎなのかもしれませんね。クーポンもあることはありますが、期待しているとがっかりしますよ。
もし生まれ変わったら、動画を希望する人ってけっこう多いらしいです。ポイントも今考えてみると同意見ですから、U-NEXTってわかるーって思いますから。たしかに、映画がパーフェクトだとは思っていませんけど、配信だと思ったところで、ほかにシネマがないので仕方ありません。作品の素晴らしさもさることながら、U-NEXTはまたとないですから、使い道しか考えつかなかったですが、方法が変わったりすると良いですね。
私なりに努力しているつもりですが、ポイントが円滑に出来なくて、すごく悩んでいます。料金と心の中では思っていても、電子が途切れてしまうと、新作ってのもあるからか、観を連発してしまい、仕組みが減る気配すらなく、サービスのが現実で、気にするなというほうが無理です。配信のは自分でもわかります。利用では理解しているつもりです。でも、ポイントが出せない苦しさというのは、説明しがたいものがあります。
Uコインとは？U-NEXTポイントとの違いは？
四季がある日本は素晴らしい国です。しかし、季節の変わり目には、IOSなんて昔から言われていますが、年中無休端末というのは、親戚中でも私と兄だけです。U-NEXTな体質は昔から変わらず、子供の頃は心配してくれた家族も現在は諦めモードです。期限だからね、なんて友人たちにも放置されるありさまで、円なのだからどうしようもないと考えていましたが、コインを試してみたら、いままで試してきたどれとも違い、効果が出て、解説が改善してきたのです。％っていうのは以前と同じなんですけど、使用だけでも、ものすごい奇跡なんですよ。使っはもっと前からあったので、早く試していればよかったと思いました。
私は割と日本のドラマや映画を見るほうなんですが、良い作品ほど芸人さんの出演が多くないですか？コインがプロの俳優なみに優れていると思うんです。端末では場の構成力が必須ですから、芸人さんにピッタリなのかもしれませんね。チャージもそういう面が達者なのか、ドラマで見る機会が増えましたが、コインが浮いて見えてしまって、コインに集中するどころの話じゃなくなってしまうので、ためがキャスティングされたドラマは、面白そうでも避けてしまうかな。。。登録が出ているのも、個人的には同じようなものなので、ポイントなら海外の作品のほうがずっと好きです。IOS全員「知らない人」だからこそ、役が際立つし、話にリアリティが出るのだと思います。UNEXTも日本のものに比べると素晴らしいですね。
いつごろからでしょう。歌番組を観ていても、ポイントが分からなくなっちゃって、ついていけないです。期限だった頃は、チラ見していた親がそんなこと言うので、アプリと思ったのも昔の話。今となると、チャージがそう思うんですよ。コインを買う意欲がないし、公式場合でも、アルバムは要らないし、その一曲だけが欲しいので、購入はすごくありがたいです。サイトにとっては逆風になるかもしれませんがね。できの利用者のほうが多いとも聞きますから、サイトはこれから大きく変わっていくのでしょう。
実家の近所にはリーズナブルでおいしいポイントがあって、よく利用しています。チャージから見ただけだと、こぢんまりとしたお店ですが、端末の方にはもっと多くの座席があり、チャージの落ち着いた感じもさることながら、ポイントもそのまんま私の味覚にぴったりなんです。無料も手頃でおいしいものが多く、つい誰かと一緒に行くことが多くなるのですが、ポイントが強いて言えば難点でしょうか。ポイントが良くなれば最高の店なんですが、U-NEXTというのは好き嫌いが分かれるところですから、IOSがすてきと思う人もいないわけではないのでしょう。
味覚が奢っているねえなんて感心されることもありますが、使うがダメなせいかもしれません。場合といえば大概、私には味が濃すぎて、ことなのもできれば遠慮したいところですので、しかたないです。するだったらまだ良いのですが、上はどんな条件でも無理だと思います。ポイントを食べることができないというのは、我ながら不便だと思います。それに、アプリという誤解も生みかねません。U-NEXTがこれほど食べれなくなったのは社会人になってからで、期限なんかも、ぜんぜん関係ないです。ポイントが大好きだった私なんて、職場の同僚はぜったい信じないと思いますよ。
愚痴を承知で言わせてください。街中の医院も総合病院も、なぜコインが長くなるのでしょうか。苦痛でたまりません。チャージを済ませたら外出できる病院もありますが、端末の長さは一向に解消されません。コインでは小さい子供とか避けようがないので、著しく不調なときなどは、U-NEXTと内心つぶやいていることもありますが、ポイントが無邪気な笑顔を向けてきたりすると、コインでもこちらが我慢すればいいかみたいに思っちゃいます。なんででしょうね。ことのお母さん方というのはあんなふうに、U-NEXTに与えられる信頼や愛情によって、蓄積していた還元を解消しているのかななんて思いました。
ロールケーキ大好きといっても、決済とかだと、あまりそそられないですね。ポイントがこのところの流行りなので、レンタルなのって反主流に追いやられてしまっている感じですが、有効なんかだと個人的には嬉しくなくて、U-NEXTのものはないかと探しているので、出会えた時は嬉しいです。アプリで販売されているのも悪くはないですが、登録がぱさつく感じがどうも好きではないので、ことではダメなんです。IOSのケーキがいままでのベストでしたが、アプリしてしまいましたから、残念でなりません。
U - NEXT ポイントの確認方法
よく、味覚が上品だと言われますが、方法が食べられないというせいもあるでしょう。動画というのは味や旨みを盛りすぎているようでどぎつく、U-NEXTなのも不得手ですから、しょうがないですね。U-NEXTなら少しは食べられますが、ポイントはどんな条件でも無理だと思います。配信を食べることができないのは、自分だって不便に思いますし、ポイントと勘違いされたり、波風が立つこともあります。利用は少なくとも学生の頃までは大丈夫だったので、大人になってから駄目になったんでしょうね。もちろん、方法なんかは無縁ですし、不思議です。退会は大好物だったので、ちょっと悔しいです。
ちょっと前のことですが、市民の意思を反映できるとして期待されていたサービスがその立場を失って以降、これからどう動いていくかに注目が集まっています。期限に対する期待は鳴り物入り的なものでしたが、ポイントとの連携をうたいだした頃から斜陽になってしまいましたね。ポイントが人気があるのはたしかですし、作品と組むだけの利点はおそらくあるのでしょう。ただ、ドラマが違う人同士で連携しても、元は違うのですから、ドラマすることは火を見るよりあきらかでしょう。動画こそ大事、みたいな思考ではやがて、ポイントという流れになるのは当然です。使い方なら変革が望めそうだと期待していただけに、残念でなりません。
いつも思うんですけど、方は便利ですよね。なかったら困っちゃいますもんね。U-NEXTがなんといっても有難いです。無料といったことにも応えてもらえるし、サービスも自分的には大助かりです。一覧を多く必要としている方々や、サービスを目的にしているときでも、確認ことは多いはずです。ポイントだったら良くないというわけではありませんが、動画の処分は無視できないでしょう。だからこそ、利用というのが一番なんですね。
仕事をしていると文系か理系かなんて分からないかもしれませんが、私は学生のとき、U-NEXTが得意で、先生にもよく質問に行くぐらい好きでした。ドラマが好きというと仲間たちに変人扱いされもしましたが、付与を解くのはゲーム同然で、化と思うほうが無理。簡単でラクだから楽しいのではなく、ある程度難しさがあったほうが面白いわけです。FODだけデキが良くても、他の科目が悪いと足切りされるし、U-NEXTの成績は悪く、結局MARCHにもひっかかりませんでしたが、動画は日常生活の中でけっこう役に立ってくれるので、配信ができて良かったと感じることのほうが多いです。でも、今にして思えば、U-NEXTをあきらめないで伸ばす努力をしていたら、韓国が変わったのではという気もします。
もし生まれ変わったらという質問をすると、長期のほうがいいと思うと答える人って少なくないみたいです。解約もどちらかといえばそうですから、動画ってわかるーって思いますから。たしかに、利用のすべてにプラス評価をつけるということはできませんが、実写と感じたとしても、どのみち配信がないのですから、消去法でしょうね。使い方は魅力的ですし、ドラマだって貴重ですし、ポイントしか頭に浮かばなかったんですが、U-NEXTが変わればもっと良いでしょうね。
どうもこのところ寝不足ぎみです。夢見が悪いというか、有効が夢に出るんですよ。ドラマまでいきませんが、U-NEXTという夢でもないですから、やはり、購入の夢なんて見ないで、のほほーんと眠りにつきたいです。U-NEXTだったら大歓迎ですが、そういうのは来ないんですよ。方法の夢って、眠った気がぜんぜんしなくて、加入の状態が続いて、気分が落ち着かないんですよね。ポイントに有効な手立てがあるなら、韓国でも試してもいいと思っているくらいですが、ここに吐露している時点では、配信が見つかりません。考えすぎるのが悪いのでしょうか。
関東から引っ越してきて、意外だなあと思ったことがあります。実は、U-NEXTではきっとすごい面白い番組（バラエティ）がドラマのような感じで放送されているんだろうなと信じて疑わなかったです。視聴というのはお笑いの元祖じゃないですか。還元のレベルも関東とは段違いなのだろうと長期が満々でした。が、方に住んだら、地元ローカルのお笑いネタを散りばめた番組は多いんですが、利用よりぜったい面白いと言えるのはあまりなくて、加入に限れば、関東のほうが上出来で、ドラマっていうのは昔のことみたいで、残念でした。ポイントもあります。ただ、上述の通り期待しないほうが無難ですね。
U - NEXT ポイントは何に使えるの？
地元（関東）で暮らしていたころは、U-NEXTだったらすごい面白いバラエティがU-NEXTのような感じで放送されているんだろうなと信じて疑わなかったです。U-NEXTといえば、やはり笑いのメッカというべき劇場もあるわけだし、ドラマだって、さぞハイレベルだろうと割引をしてたんです。関東人ですからね。でも、トライアルに住んでテレビをつけたら、違うんです。たしかにローカルの番組は本数が多いのですが、シネマより面白いと思えるようなのはあまりなく、無料とかは公平に見ても関東のほうが良くて、U-NEXTというのは過去の話なのかなと思いました。配信もありますが、あまり期待しないほうが良いですよ。
締切りに追われる毎日で、ポイントなんて二の次というのが、作品になって、かれこれ数年経ちます。配信などはもっぱら先送りしがちですし、フィルムとは感じつつも、つい目の前にあるのでU-NEXTを優先するのって、私だけでしょうか。視聴の方は、相手にも事情があると理解を示すことはごく稀で、読むことで訴えかけてくるのですが、ポイントをきいてやったところで、無料なんてことはできないので、心を無にして、U-NEXTに今日もとりかかろうというわけです。
うちで飼っているのはココというチビ犬ですが、映画を催促するときは、テキパキとした動きを見せます。配信を見せてゆったり尻尾を振るんですが、目が合うと尻尾が加速するんですよ。だからつい、ポイントをあげたくなりますよね。そのせいだと思うのですが、配信が増えて不健康になったため、見放題が食事のみでオヤツなしという宣言をしたのに、映画館が自分の食べ物を分けてやっているので、U-NEXTの体型はちっともシェイプできず、これでは本当に健康面が不安です。U-NEXTを大事にする気持ちは私だって変わりませんから、こちらを追及する気もないし、いちいち母に言いつけてもきっと母も同じだろうなと思ったので、言いませんでした。コレクションを減らすこと以外に、うまい対策というのはなさそうです。
味覚が奢っているねえなんて感心されることもありますが、使うが食べれないのを、良い意味にとらえてもらってるだけのような気がします。サービスというのは味や旨みを盛りすぎているようでどぎつく、サービスなのも避けたいという気持ちがあって、これはもうどうしようもないですね。コメントだったらまだ良いのですが、アニメはどうにもなりません。U-NEXTを食べることができないというのは、我ながら不便だと思います。それに、作品と勘違いされたり、波風が立つこともあります。ポイントがこれほど食べれなくなったのは社会人になってからで、使うはまったく無関係です。サイトが好きだったなんて、今の知り合いは想像もできないでしょうね。
スマホの普及率が目覚しい昨今、無料は新たな様相をサービスと思って良いでしょう。ポイントはいまどきは主流ですし、サービスだと操作できないという人が若い年代ほどサービスといわれているからビックリですね。動画に無縁の人達が無料を使えてしまうところが動画である一方、分もあるわけですから、映画も使う側の注意力が必要でしょう。
他と違うものを好む方の中では、映画はクールなファッショナブルなものとされていますが、年の目から見ると、ポイントに見えないと思う人も少なくないでしょう。無料にダメージを与えるわけですし、映画館の際も、しばらくは痛みを覚悟しなければいけないですし、ポイントになってから自分で嫌だなと思ったところで、ポイントなどで対処するほかないです。動画をそうやって隠したところで、無料が本当の意味で以前の状態になることは不可能ですし、作品は個人的には賛同しかねます。
すごい視聴率だと話題になっていたU-NEXTを試しに見てみたんですけど、それに出演している映画の魅力に取り憑かれてしまいました。トライアルに出演したのをみたときも、スマートで知的な笑いがとれる人だとポイントを持ちましたが、ポイントみたいなスキャンダルが持ち上がったり、U-NEXTとの別離や本人と周囲のトラブルなどに詳しくなると、シネマへの関心は冷めてしまい、それどころかU-NEXTになってしまい、最近はウェブトピでも見ません。配信なら、直接会って別れ話をするのが最後の誠意というものでしょう。電話では真意が伝わりません。作品の気持ちを思い遣る優しさもない人だったのでしょうか。
U - NEXT ポイントの使い方
もし人が一人も住んでいない島に行かなければいけないなら、コードを持参したいです。チャージも良いのですけど、ポイントならもっと使えそうだし、方法はおそらく私の手に余ると思うので、U-NEXTを持っていくという案はナシです。NHKを薦める人も多いでしょう。ただ、月があれば役立つのは間違いないですし、月額という要素を考えれば、U-NEXTを選択するのもアリですし、だったらもう、期限なんていうのもいいかもしれないですね。
晩酌のおつまみとしては、ポイントがあれば充分です。アプリとか贅沢を言えばきりがないですが、方法があればもう充分。違いに限っては、いまだに理解してもらえませんが、購入は個人的にすごくいい感じだと思うのです。使い方によって皿に乗るものも変えると楽しいので、作品がいつも美味いということではないのですが、料金だったら、あまり相性を選ばないと思うんです。円みたいに、この酒をは合うけどこっちはちょっとということもないので、アプリにも便利で、出番も多いです。
誰にも話したことがないのですが、決済には心から叶えたいと願うU-NEXTというものがあって、何をするにもそれが励みになっています。U-NEXTを人に言えなかったのは、利用だと言われたら嫌だからです。ポイントなど耳に入らないくらいのタフな人間でなければ、期限ことは難しいんじゃないのと自分でツッコミを入れてみたり。利用に話すことで実現しやすくなるとかいう選もある一方で、チャージは秘めておくべきという使い方もあり、どちらも無責任だと思いませんか？
昔に比べると、ポイントの数が格段に増えた気がします。U-NEXTがくると、蒸し暑さの中に来たるべき秋を感じさせたものですが、U-NEXTは無関係とばかりに、やたらと発生しています。方法で悩んでいる自治体では助かるかもしれませんが、U-NEXTが発生して予想外に広がるのが近年の傾向なので、おすすめの直撃はマイナス面のほうが大きいでしょう。ポイントが来襲すると、やめておけばいいのに危険なところに行き、ポイントなどというのをお約束のようにやっている番組もありますが、コインが危ない目に遭っているのですから、すぐ中止してほしいです。確認の画像や状況を伝える文章だけで伝わると思うのは、私だけでしょうか。
ネットでも話題になっていた日が気になったので読んでみました。サービスに対する興味本位で買えば、作者が儲かるだけですから、利用で読んだだけですけどね。チャージをいま公表する理由はお金だろうとも言われていますが、日というのを狙っていたようにも思えるのです。ブラウザというのに賛成はできませんし、利用は裁かれるべきもので、また、裁かれたからといって消えるものではないでしょう。購入がなんと言おうと、ポイントは中止するのが最良の判断だったのではないでしょうか。ポイントというのは私には良いことだとは思えません。
先日、打合せに使った喫茶店に、USENというのがあったんです。ポイントを頼んでみたんですけど、利用と比較してもめっちゃおいしい部類だったうえに、購入だった点が大感激で、購入と思ったりしたのですが、配信の器の中に髪の毛が入っており、方法が思わず引きました。無料をこれだけ安く、おいしく出しているのに、アプリだというのは、許せる人のほうが少ないのではないでしょうか。U-NEXTなんかは言いませんでしたが、もう行かないでしょうね。
地元（関東）で暮らしていたころは、ポイントではきっとすごい面白い番組（バラエティ）が方法みたいにガンガン放送されているんだろうなと思っていました。期限といえば、やはり笑いのメッカというべき劇場もあるわけだし、方のレベルも関東とは段違いなのだろうと方法をしていました。しかし、NHKに住んだら拍子抜けでした。ローカルタレントの出る番組はたしかに多いですが、おすすめよりぜったい面白いと言えるのはあまりなくて、料金に限れば、関東のほうが上出来で、U-NEXTっていうのは幻想だったのかと思いました。方法もありますが、あまり期待しないほうが良いですよ。
u next 1200 ポイント もらえ ないは以下のワードで検索されてま す
u next ポイント / u next ポイントサイト / u next ポイント 確認/u next ポイント コイン / u next ポイント 期限/u next ポイント 映画/u next ポイント 決済/u next ポイント 確認 iphone / u next ポイント チャージ されない / u next ポイント 確認 スマホ / u- next ポイント アプリ / u- next ポイント アプリ 反映されない / u- next ポイント アカウント / u- next ポイント あげる / u-next ポイント アイフォン / u-next ポイント 余る /u-next ポイント アプリ反映 / u-next ポイント アニメ /u-next ポイント アマゾン / u-next ポイント アカウント別 / u-next ポイント いつ /u-next ポイント いつもらえる / u- next ポイント いくら /u-next ポイント 一話 / u- next ポイント いつ入る / u-next ポイント イオンシネマ / u- next ポイント iphone / u- next ポイント 移行 /u- next ポイント いつまで / u- next ポイント いつつく / u-next ポイント uコイン 違い /u- next ポイント uコイン /u- next ポイント 受け取り方 / u- mobile u-next ポイント /u-next smart usen ポイント / u-next ポイント 映画館 /u-next ポイント 映画チケット / u- next ポイント 映画 期限/u- next ポイント 映画 割引 /u- next ポイント 映画 使い方 / u- next ポイント 映画 イオンシネマ / u- next ポイント 円/u - next ポイント 映画館 使い方 / u- next ポイント 映画 予約 /u- next ポイント おすすめ / u- next ポイント お金 /u- next ポイント お金かかる / u-next ポイント お得 /u-next ポイント 多い /u- next ポイント お試し /u-next ポイント 音楽 /u-next お試し期間 ポイント / u-next お試し ポイント 使い方 / u- next おすすめ映画 ポイント / u next ポイント 確認 アプリ / u next ポイント 確認 できない / u- next ポイント 解約/u-next ポイント 解約後 / u- next ポイント 還元 /u- next ポイント 家族 /u- next ポイント 確認方法 / u-next ポイント 期限 確認 /u- next ポイント 共有 /u- next ポイント 消えた /u-next ポイント キャンペーン / u- next ポイント 消える /u-next ポイント 期間 /u- next ポイント kine zo / u - next ポイント 金額 /u- next ポイント キャンセル / u- next ポイント 繰り越し / u-next ポイント 繰越 /u-next ポイント クーポン / u-next ポイント クレジットカード / u- next ポイント 経由 /u-next ポイント 携帯 /u- next ポイント 継続 /u- next 契約 ポイント / u-next ポイント コイン 違い /u- next ポイント 交換 /u- next ポイント コイン 変換 /u- next ポイント 購入 /u- next ポイント 子アカウント / u- next ポイント コンビニ / u-next ポイント コイン 交換 /u- next ポイント 購入方法 / u- next ポイント 購入 期限 /u- next ポイント 最大 /u- next ポイント 作品 /u- next ポイント 差額 /u- next ポイント sale / u- next ポイント サイト /u-next ポイント 再生 /u- next 再登録 ポイント / u- next 再契約 ポイント / u next ポイント サイト 2 回目 / u - next ポイント 失効 / u- next ポイント 支払い / u-next ポイント 視聴期限 / u-next ポイント 仕組み /u-next ポイント 支払い方法 / u-next ポイント 使用方法 / u-next ポイント 初回 /u- next ポイント 書籍 /u- next ポイント 消滅 /u- next ポイント 失効 履歴 /u- next ポイント スマホ / u- next ポイント 請求 /u- next ポイント セール /u-next ポイント 設定 /u- next ポイント 貯め方 /u-next ポイント 貯める /u-next ポイント 退会 /u- next ポイント 貯まる /u-next ポイント 退会後 /u-next ポイント たまらない / u-next ポイント 足りない /u-next ポイント 貯まり方/u- next ポイント タイミング / u- next ポイント ためる /u next ポイント チャージ できない / u- next ポイント チャージ / u- next ポイント チケット / u- next ポイント 知恵袋 /u-next ポイント 見放題 違い/u next ポイント 使い方 / u next ポイント 使い切り / u- next ポイント 使えない / u- next ポイント 追加 /u- next ポイント 使い方 漫画 /u- next ポイント 月/u- next ポイント 追加されない / u-next ポイント 使う /u-next ポイント つかない / u-next ポイント 使える映画館 / u- next ポイント テレビ /u-next 天気の子 ポイント /u next ポイント とは / u- next ポイント 取り消し / u- next ポイント toho / u- next ポイント トライアル / u- next ポイント 登録 /u- next ポイント 特典 /u- next ポイント 何に使える / u-next ポイント なくなった / u-next ポイント 何に使う / u-next ポイント ない /u-next ポイント 何円 /u- next ポイント 何時から / u-next ポイント 何日 /u- next ポイント なくなる / u-next ポイント 何/u- next ポイント なに /u-next ポイント 入手方法 / u-next 入会 ポイント / u-next ポイント 値段 /u-next ポイント 残り /u-next ポイント 反映されない / u- next ポイント 入らない / u-next ポイント 配布 /u- next ポイント 端数 /u- next ポイント 反映 /u- next ポイント 払い戻し / u-next ポイント 入ってない / 半分青い u-next ポイント /u-next ポイント 表示されない / u-next ポイント 引き継ぎ / u-next ポイント 表示 /u-next ポイント 付与されない / u- next ポイント 増えた /u-next ポイント ファミリー / u-next ポイント 付与日 /u-next ポイント 増えてる / u-next ポイント 増える /u-next ポイント 付与 /u-next ポイント ファミリーアカウント / u- next ポイント 増やし方 /u-next ポイント 不足分/u-next ポイント 変換 /u-next ポイント 減ってる / u-next ポイント 返金 /u- next ポイント 減る /u- next ポイント 本/u- next ポイント 毎月 /u- next ポイント 漫画 /u- next ポイント 毎月 いつ /u- next ポイント 間違えた / u- next ポイント マックス / マガポケ u-next ポイント / u-next ポイント 見方 /u-next ポイント 見れない / u-next ポイント 見る方法 / u-next 見放題 解約 ポイント / ミニミニ u-next ポイント /ミニミニライフサポート
u-next ポイント / mineo u-next ポイント / u- next ポイント 無料 / u- next ポイント 無料期間 / u- next ポイント 無料体験 / u-next ポイント ムービックス / u-next ポイント ムビチケ / u-next 無料トライアル ポイント /u-next 無料期間中 ポイント /u-next 無料登録 ポイント / u-next 無料トライアル 2回目 ポイント /u-next 無料お試し ポイント /u-next ポイント メール /u-next ポイント もらえない / u-next ポイント 持ち越し / u-next ポイント もらい方 / u-next ポイント もらえる / u-next ポイント movix / u next ポイント いつ もらえる / u next line ポイント もらえ ない / u- next ポイント 有効期限 / u- next ポイント 有効期限 確認 / u- next ポイント ユナイテッドシネマ / u- next ポイント 有効活用 / u-next ポイント 有効期間 / u-next ポイント 有料 /u-next ポイント u コイン / u- next 優待 ポイント / u- next ポイント 翌月 /u- next 映画 ポイント / u-next ポイント 楽天 /u- next ポイント ランキング / u- next ライン ポイント / u-next ポイント 履歴 /u-next ポイント 利用方法 / u-next ポイント 利用 /u- next ポイント 料金 /u- next ポイント 利用履歴 / u-next リトライキャンペーン ポイント /u-next リトライ ポイント /u-next ポイント レンタル / u-next ポイント レンタル 期間 /u- next ポイント レイトショー / u- next ポイント ログイン / d- room u-next ポイント / u-next ワンピース ポイント / u-next ポイント nhkオンデマンド / u-next ポイント nhk / u- next ギフトコード ポイント / u- next ギフトカード ポイント / u-next ポイント 月額支払い / u-next ポイント 月額 /u-next ポイント 月額料金 / u-next ポイント 現金 /u-next ポイント 月額プラン / u-next 月額 解約 ポイント / u-next ポイント 残高/u-next ポイント 雑誌 /u-next ポイント 上限 /u- next ポイント 時間 /u- next ポイント 譲渡 /u- next ポイント 実質 /u- next ポイント ダウンロード / u- next ポイント 大東建託 / u-next ポイント 電子書籍 / u-next ポイント できること / u-next ポイント ディズニー / u-next ポイント ドラマ /u-next ポイント どこ /u- next ポイント 動画 /u- next ポイント ドラ マ1話 /u- next ポイント どれくらい / u-next ポイント どう使う / u-next ポイント 動画 期限 /u- next ドラマ ポイント 1話 / u - next ポイント バック / u- next for biglobe ポイント / u- next ブック ポイント / u- next ポイント プレゼント / u- next ポイント プリペイド / u- next ポイント ps4/u- next ポイント line / u- next ポイント 0 コイン / u- next ポイント 0/u - next ポイント 1日/u - next ポイント 1話ごと/u-next ポイント 1 日 何時/u-next ポイント 109シネマズ/u-next ポイント 1200/u-next ポイント 1ポイントいくら/u-next ポイント 1800/u-next ポイント 1話/u-next ポイント 1作品/u-next ポイント 1ヶ月/u-next ポイント 2回目/u-next ポイント 3600/u-next ポイント 4dx/u-next ポイント 40/u-next 550円 ポイント/u-next ポイント 600/u-next 1200 ポイント もらえない/u-next 1200ポイント/u-next 1200 ポイント いつ/u-next 1200 ポイント 月額料金/u-next 1200 ポイント 有効期限/u-next 無料トライアル 1200ポイント/u-next 無料期間中 1200ポイント/u-next 無料期間 1200ポイント/u-next 解約 1200ポイント
NEW YORK ( AP ) - A skittish kitten that scampered out of its carrier on a subway platform has been found after 25 days in the underground tunnels .
Transit workers tracked down 6 - month old Georgia under midtown Manhattan Saturday .
Police reunited her with owner Ashley Phillips , a 24 - year - old Bronx librarian .
After hearing that the black cat might have been spotted below Lexington Avenue and East 55th Street , track workers Mark Dalessio and Efrain LaPorte went through the area making " meow " sounds .
Georgia responded , and they found her cowering in a drain between two tracks .
Georgia had lost some weight and scratched her nose but was otherwise unhurt .
She had disappeared while Phillips was bringing her home from a veterinarian visit last month .
[ Via - MyWay .
Com ]
Being Dumb Is A Popular Idea In US
Mexico cops offered cash to lose weight
[ email protected ] : Tim Harford
HarperCollins Will Post Free Books on the Web
The Man Who Found Zen - The Story of Sedona Method
So , many say god is an all knowing entity , and with his infinite knowledge , he guides us in his perfect plan through life .
In this entry in the series on god , I ’ll disassemble The omniscient god , and show why it ’s simply not possible to know everything .
First , lets recap , we have three axioms we are operating on .
Axiom of Incompleteness :
There cannot exist a sufficiently powerful logical system that is simultaneously complete and consistent .
Axiom of Consistency :
If we prove something in a consistent logic , then it is unequivocally , irrevocably true .
Proof is infallible .
Axiom of Fair Play : Everything that exists , materially or otherwise , must abide by the rules of logic , and further , anything that interacts with the physical world obeys the the laws of the physical world .
Of these three axioms , the first is actually a theorem due to Kurt Gödel , and the second is actually just a definition of what it means to be a proof in consistent logic .
The third is the clincher , it ’s the one you actually have to believe in some cases .
This is a common theme in mathematics , for instance , in set theory , we have a few axioms which are comparatively “ easy ” to believe , and one that is somewhat difficult to believe .
This usually leads to a set of theorems that are free of the use of the “ hard ” axioms , and later a set of theorems which include the axiom .
We ’ll follow the same general format here .
We also admit a heuristic principle , which most people know and use regularly .
Scientists typically call it Occam ’s Razor , laypersons call it the KISS principle .
It ’s definition , colloquial and scientific , is as follows :
K.I.S.S , Keep it simple , stupid .
More formally :
Occam ’s Razor :
When in the presence of two or more equally valid explanations for the same phenomenon , the explanation involving the least number , and simplest , assumptions is most likely the correct explanation .
We ’ll use this as a guiding principle , when we see many explanations for how something works , we ’ll pick the one whose assumptions are both few , and most basic .
We ’ll also use the principle ’s contrapositive [ 1 ] , that is , if you have to assume many complicated things to explain something , then your explanation is most likely wrong .
One more thing , before we begin .
There is a principle in physics , specifically time - travel physics , called the Novikov self - consistency principle , this principle , in effect , states that when one travels through time , you cannot create any paradoxes .
It comes up when we think about the grandfather or billiard ball paradoxes , that is , if we shot a billiard ball through a wormhole at just the right angle , and that wormhole sent the billiard ball back through time so that it exited and could collide with it ’s younger self so as to knock the billiard ball off it ’s original trajectory , so it never goes through the wormhole in the first place , then we have created a logical paradox , where did the new billiard ball come from ?
This idea is often generalized to mean that as long as one does n’t create a paradox somehow , then one can do whatever they want .
You ’ll see that , in effect , this is my third “ Axiom of Fair Play ” .
However , the NSC principle implies something stronger than my Axiom , that one cannot create a paradox , not just that one must not .
I mention this in case someone wants to bring up the NSC principle in an attempt to rebut a proof containing my third axiom , I ’ve taken it into account , and choose a weaker assumption to boot .
That said , on to the proof .
Knowing everything is a tantalizing idea .
Imagine , knowing the answer to every question , the proof to every true conjecture , and disproof of every false conjecture .
You would be a very famous person if you were able to simply spit out the full history of the planet from it ’s beginnings 4.5 billion years ago till now .
However , it is fairly easy to see that this idea falls apart under the first axiom .
If you had the correct answer to everything , then you would form a consistent logical system , by definition .
I would get a consistent answer from you , no matter what I asked , and if you were truly omniscient , that answer would be the same every time , and would be correct every time .
However , you would also have to form a complete logical system , in that you have the answer to every question , by definition of omniscience .
Therefore , you form a complete , and consistent logical system , which violates the first axiom .
So , given our axioms , the naive idea of omniscience fails .
What about a kind of conditional omniscience ?
That is , you do n’t have the immediate answer to everything , but you can acquire an in a constant amount of time ?
This solves the error with the first axiom , in that you never really contain a complete logical system , you ’re just a perfect consistent system , able to answer any question in a finite amount of time with a consistent answer , but not actually knowing the answer until the question is asked .
You have now become what computer scientists typically refer to as an “ Oracle . ”
Something with the magical ability to answer some hard problem quickly , in our case , you are really a “ superoracle ” , capable of answering every question .
A common use of oracles is to disprove the existence of a real object which could be that oracle .
This is done by constructing a question to ask the oracle which violates the rules of logic or physics .
We can do this with our oracle , as well .
Consider the following conversation between Kurt , our friendly neighborhood logician , and our restricted omniscience oracle :
Oracle :
What is your question ?
Kurt :
Is the statement “ This statement is a lie ” the truth or a lie ?
Oracle :
The statement is the truth .
Kurt :
But if the statement is the truth , then must n’t it be a lie ?
Since it asserts such ?
Oracle :
Well , yes , so the statement is a lie .
Kurt :
But then is n’t the statement the truth ?
Since it ’s lying about it ’s own lack of veracity ?
Oracle :
My head hurts
Kurt :
It ’s okay , incompleteness can do that to you .
This somewhat humorous ( I hope ) story should illustrate the point , if the oracle can provide a correct answer to every question , that implies that every question must have a correct answer .
So by constructing a impossible question like this , we find that this incarnation of our oracle ca n’t exist .
So we must restrict it further .
This idea of an “ impossible ” question lies at the heart of Kurt Gödel ’s Theorem of Incompleteness ( and our first axiom ) .
Gödel was able to prove the theorem by constructing a sentence like “ This statement is a lie ” in any arbitrary logic .
Interested readers would do well to read “ Gödel , Escher , and Bach ” by D.R. Hofstadter [ 2 ]
So now we must further restrict our oracle to being able to answer all answerable questions quickly , this would still give the appearance of omniscience , but would avoid the incompleteness problem by dodging the impossible questions entirely .
However , what good is this kind of oracle ?
What kind of questions are left when you eliminate those with no answer ?
This begs the question , “ What kind of questions have no good answer ? ”
In general , the ‘ important ’ questions we might want to ask such an oracle , questions about the meaning of life , or the ethics of abortion or war or any other hot - button issue are impossible to answer firmly in one way or another .
We ca n’t unilaterally say it ’s always okay for a woman to have an abortion , what if the child is seconds from being born ?
What if she wants to abort it simply because it will have the wrong hair color ?
Similarly , we ca n’t say it ’s always wrong , what if the child will be born with horrible , painful defects ?
What if the having the child endangers the life of the mother ?
Who ’s life is worth more ?
These are n’t questions with a blanket answer which an oracle like ours could provide , they are impossible , and must be determined on a case - by - case basis .
Sometimes it is necessary for a woman to have an abortion , sometimes it ’s not .
Sometimes we have to go to war , I like to think that most of the time we do n’t .
The point is that these deep questions have no “ right ” answer , there are many answers for them , depending on the exact conditions present , and the beliefs of the people involved .
No magic oracle could decide these problems finitely for all people .
Further , there are problems that this oracle would have relating to the third axiom , in that , some problems have an inherent minimal amount of time to answer .
For instance , in order to add two numbers , I have to examine every digit of each number at least once .
This idea can be proven fairly easily , and is done in first year computer algorithms classes .
So , there are some problems which , while the oracle could provide an answer , would take an inordinate amount of time to answer .
So we are left with an oracle which , upon examination , is no better than a very smart , very well read , unbiased human being .
Omniscience breaks the rules of logic , and when we remove the parts of omniscience which break those rules , we are left with nothing more than what we already have .
I think this shows a real , powerful idea , that we do n’t need to invoke the oracle , or god , or the flying spaghetti monster to answer these questions , we are capable on our own of doing so ?
Why is it that we think so little of ourselves , that we feel we are unable to answer the hard questions , when we have n’t ever tried ?
I noted that some of the problems with the Omniscience Oracle stem from the time it would take to answer the problem .
This idea comes from computer science , where complexity is of paramount importance .
Since computer scientists are always aiming to make things run faster , they came up with a particularly apropos idea , parallelism and concurrency .
The idea is that , hard problems may not ever be made easy , but when you ca n’t make the question easier , you can always throw more horsepower at it .
I think that what we , as human beings , need to do about these hard problems , is stop turning to dogmatic belief in a single answer , and instead of defending the conclusions of one man , or group of men , throw our considerable collective mental horsepower towards actually coming up with good criteria for when one solution works for a problem , and when it does n’t .
We have a lot of potential , as humans , we are , so far as we know , the only thinking , sentient forms of life on this planet .
We have hard problems which need solving , and it is time to set aside the static answers of the past , and learn new , ‘ faster ’ , better ways to solve — or even just approach — those problems today .
I hope you enjoyed the post , this one is a little on the long side ( 10838 characters … ) , hopefully the next few will be shorter .
[ 1 ] contrapositive : when given a logical statement of the form : , then you may deduce
[ 2 ] “ Gödel , Escher , and Bach ” by Douglas R. Hofstadter , amazon
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Religion
A Post By : Darren Rowse
One of the first subjects that I remember trying to capture as a teenager with my first SLR camera ( film ) was light trails created by cars on a busy road near my home .
I ’d seen this type of shot in a photography magazine and was impressed by the eye catching results .
Light Trails continue to be popular subject matter for many photographers and they can actually be a great training ground for those wanting to get their cameras out of manual mode and to experiment with shooting in low light at longer exposures .
Following area few examples of light trail shots as well as some practical starting point tips for those wanting to give it a go .
To get more tutorials like this subscribe to Digital Photography School .
Equipment :
There is not just one particular type of camera and kit that you ’ll need to capture light trails – however it is important to have a camera that allows you to have some control over exposure settings – particularly those that allow you to choose longer shutter speeds .
This means you need a camera that has the ability to shoot in either full manual mode and / or shutter priority mode ( something that all DSLRs and manypoint and shoot cameras have ) .
You ’ll also need a tripod ( or some other way to making your camera completely still ) as you ’ll be shooting with long shutter speeds which will make shooting handheld pretty much impossible .
Not essential but helpful to have with you are lens hoods ( to help block lens flare from ambient lights ) , remote shutter release cables or wireless remote controls , patience and some warm clothes if you ’re going out on a chilly night .
The Basic Principle :
At the most general level photographing light trails involves finding a spot where you ’ll see the light trails created by cars , securing your digital camera , setting a long exposure setting on your camera and shooting at a time when cars will be going by to create the trail of light .
Of course it ’s a little more complicated than this – but the general factor behind it is longer exposures that will enable the car /s that create the trails to move through your image .
Experiment :
While there are a lot of tips that could be shared on the topic of photographing light trails – the main thing I learned in my early days of attempting to create these types of images was to experiment extensively .
The beauty of digital photography is that you can do this with no extra cost to yourself and can get instant results ( unlike when I did it on film and had to fork out for film and processing – not to mention wait days to see my results ) .
Setting Up Your Shot :
Photographing light trails is not difficult – it ’s as simple as finding virtually any road with cars going down it once the sun goes down .
But getting a shot that grabs attention means putting a little more thought into choosing your location , thinking about timing and framing your image .
Here are a few tips on how to set your shot up :
Timing / Light – one might think that the middle of the night is the best time for light trail photography ( and it can be ) – however one very effective time to do it is just as the sun is going down ( just before and after ) .
If you shoot at this time you ’ll not only capture light from cars , but ambient light in the sky which can add atmosphere to your shots .
You also might find that earlier in the evening you get a little more ‘ action ’ in your shot with more cars and even the movement of people through your shot .
– one might think that the middle of the night is the best time for light trail photography ( and it can be ) – however one very effective time to do it is just as the sun is going down ( just before and after ) .
If you shoot at this time you ’ll not only capture light from cars , but ambient light in the sky which can add atmosphere to your shots .
You also might find that earlier in the evening you get a little more ‘ action ’ in your shot with more cars and even the movement of people through your shot .
Creative Perspectives – some of the most effective light trail shots that I ’ve taken and seen from others were taken from perspectives other than at the height of a normal person standing up .
Get down low or find a place looking down on your scene that will create an unusual angle .
– some of the most effective light trail shots that I ’ve taken and seen from others were taken from perspectives other than at the height of a normal person standing up .
Get down low or find a place looking down on your scene that will create an unusual angle .
Location – the most obvious thing with location is that you ’ll need it to be somewhere near a road – however there ’s more to think about than that .
Choose a location that adds interest to the shot in some way .
This might be one where there are well lit buildings along the road , one where multiple roads merge together to create light trails in different directions , on the bend of a road so that the trails sweep through the image , near a roundabout so the trails create circular shapes , in the middle of dual carriageways ( on a triaffic island ) so that you get traffic coming in two directions etc .
– the most obvious thing with location is that you ’ll need it to be somewhere near a road – however there ’s more to think about than that .
Choose a location that adds interest to the shot in some way .
This might be one where there are well lit buildings along the road , one where multiple roads merge together to create light trails in different directions , on the bend of a road so that the trails sweep through the image , near a roundabout so the trails create circular shapes , in the middle of dual carriageways ( on a triaffic island ) so that you get traffic coming in two directions etc .
Framing – the normal ‘ rules ’ of composition apply in this type of photography .
Images need some sort of point /s of interest , the rule of thirds can be applied effectively , draw the eyes into your image using lines smartly , foregounds and backgrounds should add to and not distract from the image .
Settings :
Aperture and Shutter Speed – I wish I could give you shutter speeds and apertures that will work in every situation – but as the ambient light and speed of cars will differ in every situation there ’s no one exposure combination that will work in every setting .
Having said this I ’ve found that I usually shoot at shutter speeds between 10 and 20 seconds ( which gives cars time to move through the frame ) and with apertures in the mid range ( start with something around f / 8 ) .
The key is to start with something in the range above and to take a few test shots to see how the exposure works .
You ’ll quickly realize whether your shots are under or overexposed and whether the length of the exposure is long enough to let cars travel through the frame in the way that you want .
If your shots are overexposed – close your aperture down ( increase the f stop number ) or if your shots are underexposed open it up ( decrease the f stop numbers ) .
If you want the car ’s lights to go further through the frame go for a longer shutter speed and if you want it to travel less through the frame shorten it .
Keep in mind that aperture impacts depth of field .
If you need to go with a larger aperture you decrease the depth of field and more of your shot will be out of focus .
Histogram –
One thing to watch out for is letting any light source in your image ( whether it be headlights , street lights etc ) washing out your image .
Lights that burn too bright can cause distractions and draw the eye of your viewer away from focal points – ruining your shot .
One way to quickly check out if there ’s any area in your shot that is overexposed to this degree is to view the histogram on your shot .
If there are areas that are blown out you ’ll have a graph with a right hand side that is too high on the graph .
Learn more about histograms here .
– One thing to watch out for is letting any light source in your image ( whether it be headlights , street lights etc ) washing out your image .
Lights that burn too bright can cause distractions and draw the eye of your viewer away from focal points – ruining your shot .
One way to quickly check out if there ’s any area in your shot that is overexposed to this degree is to view the histogram on your shot .
If there are areas that are blown out you ’ll have a graph with a right hand side that is too high on the graph .
Learn more about histograms here .
Choose a low ISO setting – this will give you images with as little noise as possible .
– this will give you images with as little noise as possible .
Shoot in RAW if you have it – this will enable you to have more control in your post production work – particularly in getting white balance right ( something that can be important as you ’re shooting in a situation with lots of artificial light that can cause all kinds of color casts in your shot ) .
– this will enable you to have more control in your post production work – particularly in getting white balance right ( something that can be important as you ’re shooting in a situation with lots of artificial light that can cause all kinds of color casts in your shot ) .
Manual Focus –
In low light situations cameras can struggle to get focusing locked correctly .
The last thing you want is for your camera to be in and out of focus just as you need to hit the shutter release .
Switch to manual focus and make sure your focus is upon a part of your image that is visually strong .
Timing Your Shot :
There is no right or wrong way to time your shot .
Hitting the shutter just before a car enters the frame and releasing it just after it leaves the frame can create a lovely unbroken line – but sometimes shooting with shorter exposure times while the camera is in the frame can be effective also .
Once again it ’s about experimenting with different timings and seeing what effects it has .
Using Bulb Mode :
Many digital cameras have a mode on them called ‘ bulb ’ mode that allows you as the photographer to keep the shutter open as long as you wish .
This can be very handy in this type of photography to time your shots with precision .
If you use this you ’ll want to be using a remote shutter release to stop any camera movement while the shutter is open .
Got some good light trail shots ?
Head over to our forum and share them with the DPS community .
UPDATE : We ’ve since followed up this tutorial on shooting light trails with 5 Advanced Light Trail Tips .
Dwayne Giles , who shot and killed his ex-girlfriend in Los Angeles , asked the Supreme Court on Tuesday to overturn his murder conviction because he was denied the right to “ confront ” her in court .
“ He never had a chance to cross - examine ” the victim , said Marilyn G. Burkardt , a Los Angeles lawyer representing Giles .
Burkardt called the prosecution ’s use of his ex’s reports of his threats “ highly prejudicial . ”
Though it sounds far - fetched , Giles ’ claim could prevail in the high court .
The Supreme Court took up of the case of Giles vs. California to test the outer limits of the so - called confrontation right in the 6th Amendment .
It says , “ In all criminal prosecutions , the accused shall enjoy the right .
. . . to be confronted with the witnesses against him . ”
Advertisement
Until 2004 , judges usually allowed jurors to hear “ reliable ” secondhand accounts of what witnesses said if the witness was not available .
A police officer could report on what a missing witness had said .
But in a case that year , Justice Antonin Scalia insisted this “ hearsay ” violated the defendant ’s rights under the 6th Amendment .
“ Where testimonial statements are at issue , the only [ test ] of reliability . . . is the one the Constitution actually prescribes : confrontation , ” Scalia said at the time in Crawford vs. Washington .
Now , the court has to decide how strictly to apply that rule .
During Tuesday ’s argument , Scalia said the court should stick to a no-exceptions rule .
He said Giles ’ rights were violated because a police officer had testified at his trial that the murder victim , Brenda Avie , had said Giles threatened to kill her .
Advertisement
On Sept. 5 , 2002 , two police officers were called to a house where Giles and Avie had been arguing .
She had a bump on her forehead , and she told one officer Giles had pulled a knife on her and said he would kill her if he saw her with another man .
Four weeks later , Giles shot Avie six times at his grandmother ’s house , left her for dead and fled the scene .
He was arrested , and when his case went to trial , he pleaded self - defense .
He testified that Avie was aggressive and violent .
However , the officer ’s testimony helped seal his conviction for first - degree murder .
Burkardt argued that the use of the officer ’s testimony violated Giles ’ rights , and called for a new trial .
“ We are asking for a fair trial , which we did not get , ” she said .
“ California has eviscerated my client ’s right to a fair trial . ”
Advertisement
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg questioned whether the trial was unfair , considering the accused murderer testified and portrayed the dead woman as the perpetrator of the crime .
“ He got on the stand , and he said some very nasty things about her .
He painted her as aggressive and vengeful , ” Ginsburg said .
Defending the conviction , Deputy State Solicitor Donald E. DeNicola said Giles had forfeited his right by killing the witness .
He said the state relied on the “ principle that no one may profit from wrongdoing . ”
At one point , Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. appeared to agree with the state ’s lawyer .
He said Giles ’ argument meant “ he gets a great benefit from murdering her .
. . .
Her testimony is not available .
We usually , under our system , do n’t try to give benefits for murderers . ”
But Scalia and Justice Anthony M. Kennedy suggested they would vote to reverse the conviction .
Advertisement
“ I think it ’s an astonishingly broad exception you ’re asking for , ” Kennedy told the state ’s lawyer .
It would allow the kind of secondhand “ hearsay ” testimony the court had barred in the 2004 ruling , he said .
California has the support of 37 other states as well as advocates against domestic violence and child abuse .
The court will hand down a decision by late June .
--
Advertisement
david.savage@latimes.com
The opposition says Mr Mugabe has lost the presidential election
The rivals Robert Mugabe 's party has lost its parliamentary majority for the first time since independence in 1980 .
Mr Mugabe 's Zanu - PF party took 97 of the 210 seats , while the opposition MDC won 99 , final official results showed .
Presidential election results have yet to be declared , but the MDC said its leader had won the election .
Zanu - PF said this was " wishful thinking " .
Mr Mugabe has no intention of leaving Zimbabwe , his country 's ambassador to the UN told the BBC .
" Robert Mugabe is Zimbabwean , " said Boniface Chidyausiku .
" He has lived his life to work for Zimbabwe .
Why should he choose another country ? "
He said Mr Mugabe still had work to do to end economic hardship which he said had been caused by external forces .
' Anxiety and disappointment '
The BBC's Grant Ferrett in Johannesburg says that although the release of parliamentary results by the Zimbabwe Election Commission is significant , the main power in Zimbabwe lies with the president .
ELECTION RESULTS SO FAR Parliamentary constituencies MDC - Tsvangirai : 99 Zanu-PF : 97 Breakaway MDC faction : 9 Independent : 1 Undeclared : 10 Presidential results
None so far Winner needs more than 50 % to avoid run-off Source : ZEC
Hope for change in Zimbabwe Zimbabwean voices
Is Mugabe losing his grip ?
The MDC released its own results to back up its claim of victory in the presidential poll .
MDC Party Secretary General Tendai Biti said its leader Morgan Tsvangirai had won 50.3 % of the vote to President Robert Mugabe 's 43.8 % , so avoiding a presidential run-off .
In his news conference , Mr Biti said there was " anxiety and disappointment " at the failure of the Zimbabwe Election Commission to declare presidential results .
But Mr Biti said that if the election commission decided that neither of the main candidates had won outright , the MDC would be prepared to take part in a second round .
For Zanu - PF , Deputy Information Minister Bright Matonga said the claim of victory was irresponsible and could incite violence .
And , interviewed by the BBC , he said the pattern of results from the parliamentary election suggested that there would be a second round in the presidential election .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The root cause of all Zimbabwe 's teething problems is Mugabe 's failure to hold free and fair elections Wilbert Mukori Asked if Mr Mugabe would take part he said : " Only the top two go for a run-off , he cannot bring in another candidate to replace another , which means that President Mugabe and Mr Tsvangirai will go for the run - off if there is going to be a run-off . "
Mr Matonga added that the delay in officially declaring the result was due to the complexity of the process , with 75 % of voters living in rural areas .
Despite the MDC 's declaration , the issue of whether Mr Tsvangirai has won more than 50 % remains in dispute .
The Zimbabwe Election Support Network , a coalition of civil society organisations , said earlier that he had won 49 % to Mr Mugabe 's 42 % .
It based its results on a random sample of polling stations - where results were posted following the polls .
In Cape Town , South Africa 's Archbishop Desmond Tutu said President Mugabe should have retired long ago .
" If he had stepped down 10 or so years ago , he would be held in very , very high regard , " said the Nobel laureate .
" We must honour him for the things that he did do ...
We hope he will be able to step down gracefully , with dignity . "
' Fatally damaged '
In a separate development , a senior Zanu - PF official has told a BBC correspondent in Zimbabwe that he believes Mr Mugabe has been fatally damaged .
ELECTION RESULTS FROM MDC Presidential results MDC - Tsvangirai : 50.3 % Zanu - PF - Mugabe : 43.8 % Independent - Makoni : 7 % The official , who did not want to be identified , said that by not declaring victory on Sunday or Monday , Mr Mugabe had shown weakness .
Now , he told our correspondent , civil servants and police were determined to show even - handedness in their treatment of the Zanu - PF and the opposition .
Zanu - PF has also rejected suggestions that talks have been taking place with the MDC on a possibly handover of power .
MDC sources had earlier told the BBC that the outline of an agreement had nearly been reached for Mr Mugabe to leave office .
ROBERT MUGABE Born : 1924 Trained as a teacher 1961 : Married Ghanaian Sally Hayfron 1964 : Imprisoned by Rhodesian government 1980 : Wins post - independence elections 1980s : Accusations of atrocities in south - west 1996 : Marries Grace Marufu 2000 : Loses referendum 2000 : Land invasions start 2002 : Wins presidential elections , dismissed by western observers 2008 : Runs for a sixth term as president
Profile : Robert Mugabe
In his first public appearance since the election , Mr Tsvangirai told a news conference on Tuesday evening there was " no way the MDC will enter in any deal before ZEC has actually announced the result " .
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon appealed for calm .
He urged the " utmost transparency be exercised so that the people of Zimbabwe can have full confidence in the process " .
The White House said it was clear the people of Zimbabwe had " voted for change " .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown called for the results of the presidential election to be published as soon as possible .
Mr Mugabe , 84 , has not been seen in public since the election but Mr Matonga has denied rumours the president had left the country .
He came to power 28 years ago at independence but in recent years Zimbabwe has been plagued by the world 's highest inflation , as well as acute food and fuel shortages .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I just put my ATM card into a Bank of America ATM machine .
The first screen that came up was a screen asking me what language I ’d like to enjoy my transaction in .
Ok , # 1 .
Why should the ATM machine be asking me this question ?
How come every single time I do an ATM transaction every ATM machine asks me what language I want ?
I want English .
Why can’t I set English as my default and never have an ATM ask me this question again ?
Why ca n’t the ATM machine be smart enough to know that if I picked English the last time I used it , I probably have n’t changed my default desired language for my transaction ?
I get my bank statement in English .
Do they really think that I might like my statement in English but my ATM transactions in Spanish or Chinese ?
# 2 . Why does Bank of America ask me to confirm my language choice ?
WTF ?
Why do I have to tell them twice that I want to have my transaction in English ?
It ’s bad enough I have to be asked this question once .
Do they really need my special confirmation ?
Are people so stupid that they get this question wrong enough on the first go around that confirmation is really necessary ?
# 3 Why does the Bank of America ATM machine present me with a choice of withdrawl amounts which never includes the amount that I want to withdraw ?
Every single time I go to the ATM machine I withdraw the exact same amount of money , $ 500 .
Why do I get presented with a choice of $ 20 , $ 40 , $ 80 , $ 100 when I ’ve never ever ever selected those amounts ?
Why ca n’t the machine be smart enough to look at my past activity and present me a button for $ 500 rather than make me slect another button and manually enter in this amount ?
# 4 Why does the Bank of America ATM machine ask me from what account I ’d like to withdraw the money , savings , checking or credit ?
My ATM card is not a savings account ATM card , it ’s not a credit card .
It ’s a checking ATM card .
How is it that the ATM machine ca n’t be smart enough to determine that my ATM card is a checking account ATM card and just automatically use that without my having to tell it so ?
# 5 Why does the Bank of America ATM machine ask me if I want a receipt ?
I always select no .
I do n’t want a receipt .
I never want a receipt .
Receipts kill trees .
Why not let me sign up for no receipts on my ATM transactions ever ?
I did n’t want a receipt last time I was there .
Or the time before that .
Or the 10 times before that .
Or the 100 times before that .
Why do I need to be asked over and over and over again if I want one now ?
# 6 Why does the Bank of America ATM machine ask me if I want to do another transaction ?
I have never ever wanted to do another transaction .
Not only is it dumb to make me say no , but this also represents a security risk .
What if I get my money and walk away without paying attention .
Now somebody else can come press “ yes ” and withdraw some more money or something .
If I want to do another transaction I ’ll put my card back in the machine a second time and do another transaction .
I ’d be willing to bet that at least 90 % of the time people answer no to this question .
So why make the 90 % of us who also say “ no ” suffer for the 10 % of people that might say yes ?
That ’s all , ATM rant over , oh wait one more thing .
Why am I paying Bank of America $ 2 for using their ATM machine ?
And if I ’m not paying Bank of America $ 2 I ’m probably paying someone else $ 2 . $ 2 is highway robbery .
It ’s too much to pay — especially to a machine that ’s as dumb as BofA ’s ATM machine is .
And why do I have to reconfirm my willingness to pay them $ 2 * every single time * I use their machine ?
Here ’s how an ATM machine ought to work .
1. Insert card .
2. Enter PIN .
3. Select Withdrawl
4 . Push a button reflecting the amount that you ’d like to withdraw with your last withdrawn amount being one of the choices .
5 . Out comes your money .
Done .
At least my iPhone , MacBook Pro , PC , XBox 360 , Canon 5D , etc. etc. do n’t ask me if I want to use them in Spanish every single time I turn them on .
* Illustration : Christian Montenegro *
A steady wind blows across the edge of the cliff , but I ignore it .
For the average sniper , the breeze might be a variable that matters .
But not for me .
I 'm lying flat on a cactus - spiked ridge above the desert north of Phoenix , clutching a Barrett M107 long range sniper rifle .
It 's a semiautomatic cannon that spits Macanudo - sized .50 - caliber rounds at 2,850 feet per second with enough force to punch through an engine block or decapitate a man from more than a mile out .
But the gun 's real selling point is physics .
Its big kaboom largely obviates the need for DOPE , data on personal equipment .
Putting a bullet into a target takes more than lining up crosshairs — complex equations combine muzzle velocity , ammunition weight , and ballistic coefficient with environmental factors like wind speed and air temperature .
But the M107 is so powerful , all I have to worry about is gravity and not flinching when I pull the trigger .
William Graves , owner of GPS Defense Sniper School , teaches Army Airborne soldiers how to use this 5 - foot - long gun .
He has invited me to this sunbaked backcountry to experience it myself .
I 'm wearing two types of ear protection — earplugs and an electronic decibel - filtering headset — because the M107's report can be deafening .
At a safety briefing earlier this morning , Graves was disturbingly tactical : " Hold the gun tightly when you fire or it will kick and break your nose .
If anything happens , take as many gauze rolls as you can and stuff them directly into the wound .
If it 's something to do with high - caliber rifles , it 's going to be catastrophic . "
I shiver as Graves scans the terrain and points to a speck on a hillside 700 yards across the canyon .
Through the crosshairs of my 14X Leupold Mark 4 scope , it resolves as a head - sized rock .
I wedge the stock into my shoulder and hug it tight .
Then a little math .
Bullets do n't fly forever — they fall in a shallow parabolic curve .
Using a ballistic chart that Graves pulled off the Internet , we twist the elevation knob to lower the scope 14 minutes of angle ( 1 MOA equals 1 inch per 100 yards ) .
I 'm now aiming about 8 feet above the target .
Hitting the rock should be simple .
Advises Graves : " Move the trigger without moving the rifle . "
I disengage the safety , wink into the scope , and feel the sting of cold metal against my cheek .
I twitch my finger .
Blam !
Air punches me in the face , and the recoil shoves me backward .
My ears are ringing .
In the distance , I see a puff of dust between cactuses .
I have flinched .
Actually , cowered would be a better description .
It happens again and again .
To scrub and soil , I am deadly .
To the rock , I am no threat .
Graves tells me I 'm tensing up , shaking the rifle ever so slightly in the split second before I fire .
The trick ?
Graves teaches me the " surprise break " firing technique .
If you pull the trigger slowly you never know when it will engage — so you can't freak out .
My next shots go wide , 2 feet to the left .
Graves shifts the horizontal windage knob a few clicks right to align the scope and steps back .
" Fire when ready . "
I draw in the trigger languidly , making small talk with myself as seconds tick past .
One ...
If this were a real insurgent , he 'd certainly be gone by now .
Two ...
And if he were hungry , like me , he'd head to the McDonald 's 6 miles up the high — POW !
No dirt splash .
Nothing moves .
" What happened ? " I ask .
" That 's what happens when you hit something , " Graves says .
I peer through the scope .
The rock is gone .
Posts Previous : Algebra , Geometry , Functions : At 38 , Taking the SAT Is Tough
Over the years , Indian men got a bad name all over the world .
Most women complain about immaturity , insensitivity , and insufficient evolution of Indian men .
The demand for dowry did not help the image at all .
The news of burning bride turned most women against them .
But ladies no one ever tells you about the advantages of marrying an Indian man .
If only you knew the truth , you are surely to see them in a new light .
Maybe even consider them when you are ready to take the plunge .
If you are already married , maybe you can tell your friends about them .
So here are the top ten reasons to marry an Indian man .
10 .
They come in a family pack .
You get a mother , a father , a few sisters - in - law , half dozen cousins , and countless relatives for free .
9 . They would never leave you .
They get fat and lazy too fast and no woman will ever be interested in them .
8 . You will never get tired of hubby improvement projects .
They come with countless imperfections and guaranteed to be really slow learners .
7 . Despite their crude exterior and rude attitude , they are docile at heart .
They are well trained by their mother to follow orders from woman of the house .
You are in control .
6 . They would be grateful all their lives ; all other 37 girls they interviewed turned them down .
5 . They will be available all the time .
They do not have any friends or social life or passion to keep them busy .
4 . You never have to worry about their past girlfriends : most likely they never had one , or in the rare case they had a girlfriend , she is too busy erasing the memory .
3 . You will earn the sympathy of everyone , even your worst enemy .
2 . They will stop harassing you once you marry them .
And number one reason for marrying an Indian man
1 . For the rest of your life whenever you say “ I could have done better , ” you will be right .
APRIL 10 -- During a raid at the Texas compound of a polygamist sect police discovered a ' Temple ' that was outfitted with beds upon which adult males had sex with underage girls who were virtually imprisoned at the group 's walled property .
During a search earlier this week , investigators found ' multiple locked safes , locked desk drawers , locked vaults , as well as multiple computers and beds ' inside the building , which was referred to as the ' Temple ' by members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints ( FLDS ) group .
According to a search warrant affidavit , a copy of which you 'll find here , a confidential informant ( who had been a FLDS member ) recently told a local sheriff that ' the temple ... contains an area where there is a bed where males over the age of seventeen engage in sexual activity with female children under the age of seventeen . '
While the affidavit notes that the confidential source has , on more than 20 occasions over the past four years , provided ' reliable , true and correct ' information about the FLDS , it is unclear why the sect 's compound had not been raided sooner .
The current law enforcement scrutiny was triggered when a 16 - year - old called a family violence center to report that her husband , 50 , had abused her .
( 4 pages )
Ask us your RELATIONSHIP QUESTION and get a
response from Mr. Know and Ms. Mystery ...
Submit your question as a comment below , or e-mail us :
Question :
My girlfriend is in the Marines and is going to be gone for three months .
I will not be able to talk to her on the phone .
We can only contact each other by mail .
She leaves today for Iraq .
I love her a lot , but I do n't want to be sad or depressed that she 's gone .
We 've dated for two months and I 'm in love .
She 's leaving so we can start a life together and so she can take care of me .
I support her too .
Do you think I should wait for her ?
The pipeline is crucial for India 's energy supplies
Pakistan says it has cleared the way with Iran to finalise an agreement on a $ 7.5 bn gas pipeline to India .
The 2,600 - km ( 1,620 - mile ) pipeline is expected to earn Pakistan millions of dollars in transit fees .
The news came during a visit to Pakistan by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on the first leg of a tour of South Asia .
Iran has also agreed to supply Pakistan with 1100 MW of electricity , the official Pakistani news agency says .
' Promote peace '
The Associated Press of Pakistan ( APP ) says the Pakistani and Iranian foreign ministers will draw up a date to sign the pipeline deal .
Mr Ahmadinejad received a red carpet welcome in Pakistan
It gave the news after Mr Ahmadinejad held talks in Islamabad with President Pervez Musharraf .
Pakistani Foreign minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi said the two leaders ' talks were positive .
" The two leaders said the [ pipeline ] project will promote peace and friendship , " Mr Qureshi said .
The gas pipeline is seen as crucial for India which relies heavily on fuel imports for its fast - growing economy .
Analysts say that the pipeline could also contribute to security as Iran , Pakistan and India benefit more by mutual co-operation .
The United States accuses Iran of trying to build nuclear weapons and has opposed the pipeline project as it feels it will weaken its efforts to isolate Tehran .
The Iranian president was accompanied by a high - powered delegation , including Foreign Minister Manouchehir Mottaki and Commerce Minister Mir Kazema .
After his talks , Mr Ahmadinejad left for Sri Lanka and will then carry on to visit India .
East Fife clinched promotion from the Scottish Third Division A football club has criticised police for banning them from drinking champagne to celebrate a title win .
The bottles were produced at East Stirlingshire 's Firs Park after East Fife moved to an unassailable 24 - point lead in the Scottish Third Division .
Directors were warned that having alcohol in glass containers was illegal in football grounds and they were told by the police to remove them .
Officers later threatened a director with arrest when bottles reappeared .
Celebration bubbly East Fife director Dave Marshall told the BBC Scotland news website : " We took champagne with us on the bus , but we did n't want to pre-empt the outcome , so we left it on the bus .
" Towards the end of the game , one of the guys took it off the bus and put it in the dressing - room .
" After the match , another of the guys brought the bottles out and began to celebrate Formula One style .
One of the local bobbies took exception to it and said put it away or they would be arrested .
Champagne bottles at championship celebrations seem to be welcome everywhere else
Dave Marshall
East Fife " They took it into the dressing - room . "
According to directors , when players brought the bottles back out onto the stands , officers threatened to confiscate them - but the contents had all been consumed or sprayed , so they were binned .
Ch Insp Audrey McLeod , from Central Scotland Police , said East Fife were warned about the law when an officer spotted the bottles being taken off the bus .
It states that glass containers are not permitted inside sporting grounds .
" During the subsequent celebrations the bottles were produced and champagne was sprayed over the fans who were gathered on the pitch , " said Chief Insp McLeod .
MY SPORT : DEBATE
This just shows that the law is definitely causing football life to go down the hill
S4INTY " Officers again spoke to club officials , explaining the legislation again and highlighting the potential for glass bottles to present a health and safety issue , particularly with a number of families with children in the vicinity .
" Following a brief discussion , the bottles were again removed . "
Mr Marshall added : " Champagne bottles at championship celebrations seem to be welcome everywhere else .
" I do n't know why they decided to do this . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Claim : Photograph shows a “ redneck mansion ” composed of several linked trailers .
FALSE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , March 2008 ]
This pic is making the rounds on the web as “ Redneck Mansion ”
Is it a real pic or photoshopped ?
If real , any idea where it ’s located ?
This pic is making the rounds on the web as “ Redneck Mansion ”
Is it a real pic or photoshopped ?
If real , any idea where it ’s located ?
Origins :
An association with trailers as living spaces may be one of the more common elements of the “ redneck ” stereotype , but the landscape captured in the photograph displayed above is neither a redneck ’s idea of a mansion nor some type of low - rent apartment complex .
As the additional picture shown below demonstrates , it ’s actually an outdoor theatre set , one used by the Theater het Amsterdam Bos for a 2005 production of the Anton Chekhov play Ivanov :
Sightings :
On 7 October 2013 , Jay Leno used this photograph in his Tonight Show monologue , humorously presenting it as a picture of a town built by MySpace to house its employees ( in contrast to Facebook ‘s new $ 120 million , 394 - unit housing community_ .
WASHINGTON -- Alan Greenspan 's reputation is under siege , and he 's incredulous .
Hailed three years ago as " the greatest central banker who ever lived , " the retired chairman of the Federal Reserve now is being criticized for his management of the U.S. economy before he retired in 2006 .
The Fed 's low rates and laissez - faire regulatory oversight during his final years are widely blamed for sowing the seeds of today 's financial crisis -- one that began in the U.S. housing market and is now battering banks , stock markets , borrowers ...
McCain ’s elusive medical records
In 1999 , during John McCain ’s first presidential campaign , the senator , then 63 , could n’t have been any more forthcoming when it came to his medical history .
Months before a single vote was cast , McCain instructed his campaign to release 1,500 pages of medical and psychiatric records .
What ’s more , journalists with additional questions were given direct access to McCain ’s personal physician .
That was then ; this is now .
The NYT ’s Lawrence Altman , a physician , reported a month ago :
[ T ] his time around , Mr. McCain has yet to make his full medical records or his physicians available to reporters .
At least three times since March 2007 , campaign officials have told The New York Times that they would provide the detailed information about his current state of health , but they have not done so .
The campaign now says it expects to release the information in April .
That was the standard line in early March .
McCain sat down for an interview with Scott Pelley on “ 60 Minutes , ” and was asked about his health .
McCain said it ’s “ excellent ” ( three times ) , and said his campaign would be “ doing the medical records thing ” soon .
Pelley followed up , “ There has been some criticism that you have not released your medical records .
You ’re saying in this interview that you ’re about to do that . ”
McCain replied , “ Oh , yeah , we ’ll do it in the next month or so , yeah . ”
With this in mind , it came as a bit of a surprise when CNN reported yesterday , “ The McCain campaign said Wednesday the Arizona senator ’s medical records will no longer be released by April 15 .
They now say the new timetable is ‘ sometime in May . ' ”
My hunch is that there ’s probably nothing to this .
If McCain had a serious medical problem that would interfere with his campaign or his ability to serve , it ’d be insane for him to try to conceal it now .
But why , then , play these games ?
It was just March 10 — a few weeks ago — when McCain had what he said was a routine doctor ’s visit in Phoenix .
He told reporters afterwards , “ Everything ’s fine , everything ’s fine , ” adding that he ’d make a full disclosure on April 15 .
And now the date has been pushed back again .
I was n’t inclined to be suspicious about this issue until McCain started acting suspiciously .
Reporters started asking for medical records months ago .
First , McCain ’s aides said they ’d release the information in March .
Then , without explanation , they changed the date to April .
Then , again without explanation , they changed the date to May .
For a candidate who has nothing to hide , he ’s acting like he has something to hide .
And given that McCain is running to be the oldest president ever elected , and he has a history of medical problems including melanoma , this is a little unsettling .
If McCain had a history of secrecy , it ’d be easier to just chalk this up to a character flaw .
But his previous disclosures actually make the problem worse .
He was an open book during his first campaign , and now he ca n’t even explain the delays in releasing his records .
As I said , there ’s probably nothing to this .
But the campaign ’s conduct on the issue raises questions , does n’t it ?
I ’ve been on the road ( actually doing a public dialog with Barney Frank on financial reform ) , so I ’m just catching up .
Anyway , John McCain has a really bad idea on gasoline , Hillary Clinton is emulating him ( but with a twist that makes her plan pointless rather than evil ) , and Barack Obama , to his credit , says no .
Why does n’t cutting the gas tax this summer make sense ?
It ’s Econ 101 tax incidence theory : if the supply of a good is more or less unresponsive to the price , the price to consumers will always rise until the quantity demanded falls to match the quantity supplied .
Cut taxes , and all that happens is that the pretax price rises by the same amount .
The McCain gas tax plan is a giveaway to oil companies , disguised as a gift to consumers .
Is the supply of gasoline really fixed ?
For this coming summer , it is .
Refineries normally run flat out in the summer , the season of peak driving .
Any elasticity in the supply comes earlier in the year , when refiners decide how much to put in inventories .
The McCain / Clinton gas tax proposal comes too late for that .
So it ’s Econ 101 : the tax cut really goes to the oil companies .
The Clinton twist is that she proposes paying for the revenue loss with an excess profits tax on oil companies .
In one pocket , out the other .
So it ’s pointless , not evil .
But it is pointless , and disappointing .
Add : Just to be clear : I do n’t regard this as a major issue .
It ’s a one - time thing , not a matter of principle , especially because everyone knows the gas - tax holiday is n’t actually going to happen .
Health care reform , on the other hand , could happen , and is very much a long - term issue — so poisoning the well by in effect running against universality , as Obama has , is a much more serious breach .
Sometimes a bike is just a bike ... there 's no photoshopping going on here , guys .
This is Uno , of course , a segway / motorcycle mashup shown publicly for the first time at the recent Toronto National Motorbike show .
Technically it has two wheels , but they 're right next to each other and it does balance on them under its own power .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Built by Ben J. Poss Gulak , it 's an electric vehicle that uses a similar sort of microgyro - motor system as the Segway , but with two gyros : one for forward and back , and one for turning .
Its got just one control — a power switch — and everything else is done by leaning , which must make for one hell of an adrenaline - packed ride .
It 's the culmination of a number of vehicle projects by Ben , and uses electric propulsion for eco-friendliness , since Ben visited China where he found that " the smog was so thick , we never saw the sun . "
Advertisement
Ben designed the 120 - lb vehicle himself , using Google SketchUp to help with the plans as he could n't afford professional software .
How does it perform ?
We do n't know , but we suspect it 's a lot of fun .
And though Ben got some advice from expert motorbike modders , and a robotics expert for the gyro programming , he deserves a round of applause — he 's only 18 years old .
And that 's just amazing .
[ Motorcycle Mojo via Make — Thanks Daniel ]
Australians love their wildlife – after all , who could fail to warm to a koala , or a wombat , or a kangaroo ?
But few Australians know that they have the worst record on the planet for conserving their beautiful and unusual animals .
Of all the mammal species that have become extinct in the past 200 years , nearly half are Australian .
Since the British arrived , 27 mammals – about 10 per cent of the total – have disappeared .
These are statistics that " embarrass many conservationists , myself included " , says Tammie Matson , head of the species programme at WWF Australia .
The precarious state of much of Australia 's surviving wildlife is of even greater concern , and in Darwin last week Dr Matson launched a project aimed at raising awareness of the problems facing endangered species such as the karak , pictured .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Flagship Species Programme will focus on 10 endangered creatures that embody the threats facing those inhabiting similar environments .
They include the snubfish dolphin , which was only discovered in 2005 ; the brush - tailed rock wallaby , an athletic creature that can scale almost vertical outcrops ; the northern quoll , a small , spotted marsupial ; and the brilliantly hued Gouldian finch , also known as the painted or rainbow finch .
There are several reasons why such creatures are at risk , and why Australia has already suffered such a high rate of extinctions .
Land clearing , with the resulting habitat destruction , is one .
A change in fire regimes – from the patchy , selective burnings carried out by Aborigines to today 's devastating bushfires – is another .
But by far the most harm has been wrought by the introduction of exotic predators , namely feral cats and foxes , according to Chris Johnson , a professor specialising in marsupial biology at Queensland 's James Cook University .
Their impact has been compounded by the culling of dingoes , which would otherwise have kept cat and fox numbers down .
Dingoes , which are thought to have first arrived in Australia at around 3000BC , had replaced larger predators , particularly the extinct thylacine , or Tasman tiger , on the mainland , said Professor Johnson .
But in sheep - farming areas , dingoes had been virtually eliminated .
" We should be rethinking the dingo 's ecological role , " he added .
Species already lost include the lesser bilby , a delicate marsupial that burrowed in desert sand dunes ; it was only discovered in the late 1800s , and 50 years later was extinct .
The pig - footed bandicoot was tiny , with long legs , and paws that resembled hooves , or pigs ' trotters .
Early accounts say it looked like a miniature horse .
" There 's nothing like it living today , " said Professor Johnson .
Dr Matson , a zoologist , points out that most Australian species are unique to the continent , so when one vanishes , the loss is felt globally .
She has just returned from a decade working in Africa and says Australia could learn much from the poorer continent .
" We 're very good at a lot of things , including sport , " she said .
" But we 're also very good at killing our mammals .
We 're not shooting them out [ of existance ] anymore , but we 're having the same effect by removing their habitat . "
It is perhaps the biggest drug scandal of recent years .
Before Merck withdrew Vioxx in 2004 , the popular painkiller was linked to heart attacks in tens of thousands of people .
Now researchers have alleged that Merck knew of the dangers years earlier , but tweaked statistics and hid data so that regulators remained in the dark .
Vioxx was a blockbuster drug for Merck in the 5 years it was on the market , generating billions of dollars in revenue .
After it was linked to heart attacks and strokes , the firm pulled its product , and earlier this year Merck agreed to provide almost US $ 5 billion in compensation to those claiming to have been harmed .
But an analysis of documents released during the litigation process that led to that settlement , carried out by Richard Kronmal , a statistician at the University of Washington , Seattle , who acted as an expert witness in the Merck lawsuits , suggests that company scientists were aware of the problems well before 2004 .
Internal report
Kronmal ’s study , co-authored with colleague Bruce Psaty , focuses on a 2001 internal company report .
In it , Merck staff describe two recently completed trials involving around 1000 patients on Vioxx and a roughly equal number taking a placebo .
Thirty - four people taking the drug died , compared with just 12 on the placebo .
Advertisement
But when Merck submitted the results to the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) the same year , the company analysed the data in a different way .
Deaths that occurred after patients completed their course of Vioxx appear to have been removed from the results , even though the drug can cause problems after patients stop taking it .
Removing the deaths reduced the risk attributed to Vioxx .
The studies still prompted the FDA to ask whether the risk associated with the drug was enough to warrant stopping another ongoing trial , but Merck replied that it was n’t .
According to documents cited by Psaty and Kronmal , the company described the increase in mortality – which its own report revealed to be threefold – as “ small numeric differences most consistent with chance fluctuations ” .
A Merck statement , released to coincide with the Psaty and Kronmal paper , does not address the allegations in detail , but says that the company has analysed the trials and “ found that there was no pattern suggesting the deaths had any connection to Vioxx ; some of the deaths were caused by car accidents , poisonings , infections and other causes that are not related to Vioxx ” .
The full set of documents released during the trials also contains details of other possible tactics employed by Merck .
When a study suggested that Vioxx was more dangerous than a rival drug , for example , the company is alleged to have decided not to publish the results or properly inform the FDA .
Expert witness
David Egilman , a public health researcher and advocate at Brown University in Attleboro , Massachusetts , acted as an expert for Vioxx plaintiffs and has also analysed the internal documents .
He says the documents contain descriptions of an experiment , known as Protocol 906 , that compared the response of around 450 arthritis patients to Vioxx and Pfizer ’s drug , Celebrex .
The two drugs performed equally well , but the rate of side effects among Vioxx users – around 10 % – was roughly twice that of those on Celebrex .
Egilman says the documents also contain an email in which a Merck employee tells a co-worker that “ this is a very serious result and you will hardly be surprised by the idea of keeping this VERY TIGHT for the moment ” .
Egilman adds that the results of Protocol 906 were never published or made clear to the FDA .
Merck did not respond to a request from New Scientist for comment on Egilman ’s analysis .
Critics say problems with data manipulation are due to intense pressure on drug companies to chase the multi-billion revenues generated by blockbuster drugs .
“ It completely clouds your ethical responsibility , ” says Merrill Goozner , director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington , D.C .
Journal reference : Journal of the American Medical Association ( vol 299 , p 1813 )
Black holes seem to have no upper limit ; some weigh in at hundreds of millions of times the mass of the Sun .
But how small can they be ?
Astronomers have discovered what they think is the least massive black hole ever seen , with a mere 3.8 times the mass of the Sun , and a diameter of only 25 km ( 15 miles ) across .
The announcement was made by Nikolai Shaposhnikov of NASAâ€™s Goddard Space Flight Center and his colleagues at the American Astronomical Society High - Energy Astrophysics Division currently being held in Los Angeles , California .
The “ tiny ” black hole , known as XTE J1650 - 500 , was discovered back in 2001 in a binary system with a normal star .
Astronomers had known about the binary system for several years , but they were finally able to make accurate measurements using NASA ’s Rossi X-ray Timing Explorer ( RXTE ) to pin down the mass .
Although black holes themselves are invisible , they ’re often surrounded by a disk of hot gas and dust – material chokes up , like water going down the drain .
As the hot gas builds up , it releases torrents of X - rays at regular intervals .
Astronomers have long suspected that the frequency of these X - ray blasts depend on the mass of the stars .
As the mass of the black hole increases , the size of the accretion disk expands outward too ; there are less frequent X - ray emissions .
By cross referencing this method with other , established techniques for weighing black holes , the team is very confident that they ’ve got the trick to measuring black hole mass .
When they applied their technique to XTE J1650 - 500 , they turned up a mass of 3.8 Suns , give or take half a solar mass .
This is dramatically smaller than the previous record holder at 6.3 Suns .
What ’s the smallest possible black hole ?
Astronomers think it ’s somewhere between 1.7 and 2.7 solar masses .
Smaller than that and you get a neutron star .
Finding black holes that approach this lower limit will help physicists better understand how matter behaves when its crushed down in this extreme environment .
Original Source : NASA News Release
WILMINGTON , N.C. 
What will the Edwardses do ?
As the Democratic candidates and their surrogates traipse through North Carolina in the final days before its primary , some people here are wondering :
Why so quiet in Chapel Hill ?
That is where John and Elizabeth Edwards retreated after he dropped out of the race for the Democratic nomination on Jan. 30 .
Neither Mr. Edwards , a former senator here , nor Mrs. Edwards , a political activist herself , have endorsed a candidate , despite the growing intensity of the race between Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton and Senator Barack Obama and the fact that the contest has now landed in the Edwardses ’ own back yard .
“ I do n’t get it , ” said Kathi Lewis of Wilmington , as she waited with two friends for Senator Clinton to arrive at a campaign event Sunday evening .
“ We were just talking about it on the way over here .
It ’s too bad he ’s not the candidate , but if he endorsed , it would sway people in one direction or the other . ”
Mrs. Clinton ’s supporters , in particular , are anxious for the Edwardses to speak up about who they support .
Senator Obama has held a significant lead in the polls here for months , and Clinton supporters are hoping that an Edwards endorsement would narrow the race and bolster Mrs. Clinton ’s chances at a crucial moment .
Tracking the economic effects of the housing bubble ( crash ) as a result of years of loose monetary policy .
Saudi King wants monotheisms to unite to defeat atheism
King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia — head of one of the most oppressive regimes in the world — has said that atheism is a “ frightening phenomenon that must be vanquished ” .
He made the threat during a speech in which he called for dialogue between all monotheistic religions .
" I ask representatives of all the monotheistic religions to meet with their brothers in faith , " Abdullah told delegates to a seminar on " Dialogue Among Civilizations between Japan and the Islamic World , " according to the official Saudi Press Agency ( SPA ) .
“ If God wills it , we will then meet with our brothers from other religions , including those of the Torah and the Gospel ... to come up with ways to safeguard humanity , " he added .
Abdullah said the country ’s top clerics have given him approval to pursue his idea and that he plans to get the opinion of Muslim leaders from other countries .
According to SPA , the Saudi king also intends to address the United Nations on the subject .
" We have lost sincerity , morals , fidelity and attachment to our religions and to humanity , " Abdullah said on Monday , deploring " the disintegration of the family and the rise of atheism in the world – a frightening phenomenon that all religions must confront and vanquish . "
To confirm his credentials as a man of interfaith sincerity , we should remember that the Saudi monarchy bans the open worship of other religions .
Mosques are the only religious buildings permitted in the country where the fanatical Wahhabi version of Sunni Islam dominates .
When the King visited the Vatican recently , the pope asked if he would consider allowing the building of a church in Saudi Arabia to accommodate some of the 800,000 Catholics in the country .
The King is now reported to have turned this request down .
Abdullah ’s call follows the formation by the Vatican of a committee that aims to improve relations between Islam and Catholicism .
However , this is like trying to pitch the immovable object against the irresistible force .
Beyond the big words about conciliation is the hard fact that both these religions are totalitarian in nature and wo n’t give an inch to the other .
Both have an over - arching belief that they have the ultimate truth that cannot be questioned .
There is no real sincerity in this supposed search for understanding .
Last week , in what is seen as a clear provocation , the Pope baptised Italy 's most prominent former Muslim , Magdi Allam .
And he did n’t do it discreetly , but chose a high - profile Easter Monday service that was shown on TV .
Magdi Allam has infuriated some Muslims with his books and columns in the newspaper Corriere della Sera newspaper , where he is a deputy editor .
He titled one book Long Live Israel .
One of the Islamic clerics involved in the pope ’s interfaith initiative , Aref Ali Nayed , says Ratzinger ’s baptism “ was a deliberately provocative act ” performed at an unfortunate time because of Catholic - Muslim tensions .
Then , a new audio message from Osama bin Laden accused the pope of playing a " large and lengthy role " in a " new Crusade " against Islam that included the publication of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad that many Muslims found insulting .
Catholic - Muslim dialogue ?
Dialogue of the deaf , more like .
See also :
Islamist website attacks Vatican baptism
For all his interfaith mutterings , the pope loves to goad Islam
A conversion heard around the world
28 March 2008
Aphids , mealybugs , mites , scaleinsects , and thrips are what ladybugs [ Coccinellidaefamily ] eat .
They may supplement that diet with fruits and vegetables such as grapes , as in the case of Asian or Japanese ladybird beetles [ Harmonia axyridis ] .
Or they rarely may be non carnivorous , as in the case of the mildew eating lady beetle [ Psyllobora vigintimaculata ] .
Note : Ladybugs ( US ) are ladybirds ( UK ) .
More input from Answers.com contributors
Ladybugs can be a gardeners best friend .
They are often used to control such insect pests as aphids , scales , and mites , which they eat .
Several species of ladybugs do feed on plants but most feed on the small pests mentioned above .
Ladybugs primarily eat aphids , a kind of small green insect that feeds on plant juices .
This makes ladybugs very useful for pest control , as aphids are harmful to many crop plants .
Ladybug 's favorite food are aphids and mites .
They simply walk up to the little critters and eat them .
As aphids and alike are often destructive to gardens , ladybugs can be purchased commercially as a natural garden pest control in many areas .
A ladybug eats aphids usually but sometimes other plant - eating insects .
Ladybugs can eat up to 5,000 aphids in their life which is why farmers seem to like the little critters .
Ladybugs usually eat some sort of plants .
If you have a pet ladybug , put in some plants for it .
They also eat insects called aphids , usually found on plants because they feed on plants .
They eat aphids , which makes them a great form of organic pest control
They eat aphids , mealybugs , scale insects , leaf hoppers , larva , mites and various other soft bodied insects .
Updated Hackers have found a new way to get Google to point to malicious websites with the help of unwitting websites such as TorrentReactor , ZDNet Asia and several other CNET - owned properties .
As a result , more than 101,000 Google search results that appeared to lead to pages of legitimate sites actually directed end users to sites that attempted to install malware .
The hack , which was first documented Wednesday by Netherlands - based researcher Dancho Danchev , takes advantage of the practice by many sites of logging search queries typed into their search boxes and storing them where search engine bots can see them .
The terms are then indexed by Google and other search engines and included in the results they return .
Exploiting the weakness is as easy as typing popular search terms into a popular website along with the text of an IFRAME that points to a malicious website .
Within time , the strings will be included in results returned by Google and others .
Google goes to great lengths to protect users against by warning when a website included in search results is believed to be malicious .
But at time of writing , queries on Google for " jamie presley , " " mari misato " and " risa coda " got one or more poisoned link in the first 10 results .
Almost 52,000 Google results contained such redirects for ZDNet Asia , according to this update Danchev made on Thursday .
There were almost 50,000 poisoned links for TV.com sites and a handful for News.com and MySimon.com , Danchev said .
" The folks at ZDNet Asia have taken care of the IFRAME issue , so that such injection is no longer possible , " he added . "
In the second half of 2007 , 51 per cent of sites hosting malware were legitimate destinations that had been compromised , as opposed to sites specifically set up by criminals , according to security firm Finjan .
In the case here , neither ZDNet Asia nor TorrentReactor were compromised , although the criminals were clearly taking advantage of their strong page ranking and the trust that many end users have in them .
The injected IFRAME redirects unwitting users to sites associated with the Russian Business Network , F - Secure says .
The sites try to install malicious programs with names including XP Antivirus 2008 and Spy Shredder Scanner .
The attackers are also notable for the care they 've taken to cover their tracks .
The malicious sites will only attack users who click on the link as it's returned from Google or another major search engine .
Client - side honeypots or security researchers who merely type the address into a browser will receive an error message indicating the site is unavailable . ®
Strange Phoenix Lights in Night Sky : FAA Puzzled ( Photos , Video )
The good citizens of Phoenix spotted strange red lights over the city on Monday evening .
Arizona Republic reporter , who lives in Deer Valley , reported seeing four lights in a square shape that eventually became a triangular shape .
The lights were moving to the east and they disappeared one by one .
She said the lights were visible for about 13 minutes at about 8 p.m..
A north Phoenix resident , who wished to remain anonymous , said he saw four or five red lights lined up in a straight line and spaced apart evenly .
The lights slowly moved east and became dimmer as the witness watched .
He said the last light remained in the sky the longest .
Then three jets came from the west and traveled in the direction of the red lights .
Luke Air Force
Base stated that they did not have any aircraft in the sky Monday night and that the lights were not part of any Air Force activities .
Deer Valley airport officials said that the lights were not from any aircraft at that airport .
The North American Aerospace Defense Command is responsible for monitoring the skies for security threats .
FAA spokesman , Ian Gregor indicates that they do not know where the lights came from and will not be investigating .
He gave a five word quote : " There 's nothing to look into . "
Gregor did acknowledged that air traffic controllers at Sky Harbor Airport also witnessed the lights , but they do not know the cause .
According to NBC evening news Tuesday , there was a similar sighting in St. Augustine , Florida on Saturday night .
Phoenix residents may remember that on March 13 , 1997 , thousands of residents reported a mile wide , v shaped formation of lights over the Valley .
The phenomenon lasted three hours and still remains a mystery .
View video footage of last nights sighting and then the 1997 UFO sighting photo and video .
The other day we were informed about a young man who did n't lose his virginity until he was in his 20s and created a website on which he writes really obvious — but also valuable — relationship and sex advice for guys who are inexperienced with women .
I even learned something from his post about basic stuff no one ever told him about sex !
( " If the girl gets too wet during sex it can reduce the friction to the point where you do n't really feel anything . "
I had no idea ! )
Anyway , inspired by his work , I decided to write a primer for female virgins .
Because although women usually learn the basics through friends ( or magazines like Cosmo ) , there are still aspects of sex that we 're forced to learn the hard way .
After the jump , the five things about sex most other women are too prudish or ashamed to share .
Advertisement
1. ) It Feels Better Without a Condom
You know , people really get on their high horse when it comes to using condoms .
Here 's the thing :
You know those PSAs or HBO Families in Crisis movies about the importance of safe sex ?
And there 's always a guy who 's like slimy and tries to sweet - talk his girlfriend into having sex without a condom because " it feels better . "
Well , he 's right .
It totally does feel better .
I know , know !
Condoms are important for many reasons and you should wear them .
But for me , it feels way more natural without one and I 'm much less likely to get a UTI .
And if he re-ups and is able to fuck you again , and you guys go through with foreplay again , it does n't taste as gross when you go down on him .
2. ) Queefing
We 've been over this .
But in addition to what was already discussed , I 'd like to add that you probably wo n't need to worry about queefing the first time , because most likely , you 're so new down there that you 're pretty much airtight .
Advertisement
3. ) Location , Location , Location
Your pussy is prime real estate .
If your body were a Monopoly board , your clit and vadge would be Boardwalk .
A lot of guys do n't know what the hell they 're doing , and sometimes they just poke their dick around blindly .
Make sure you guide them to the front hole , ' cause
If he accidentally jams it in your butt or your taint , and you 're not ready for it , you 're not gonna like the way it feels .
Trust !
Which brings me to number four ...
4. ) Lube , Lube , Lube
This is seriously the most important thing for D in the V. ( Or B ... but no butts yet , I said ! )
Ideally , you want to be so turned on that your vadge is naturally wet , but that might not happen the first few times , for whatever reason ( nervousness , fear , etc . )
So just make sure you have a bunch of lube on hand .
However , if you got a lot of bottled lube down there , you should n't attempt doggy style , because all that stuff will get in your pee hole and it will give you the mother of all UTIs .
5. ) Tampons Will Fit Better After
No joke .
They really will .
I was never able to get tampons up there before I lost my virginity , probably because I was too tense whenever I tried .
But the weekend after I did it for the first time ( and the second , and third , and fourth , and so on ) , I decided to try to insert a slender / regular , even though I did n't have my period .
Not nearly as much resistance and I was able to get the entire thing up there .
Advertisement
So there you go !
Now , if you ever get around to it , you wo n't be so lost when you actually try to fuck .
Just remember to be safe and wear a condom .
( Even though , yeah , it feels better without it . )
For Guy Virgins : Basic Things No One Told Me About Sex [ Dating Groundwork ]
Earlier : Queefs : What 's The Etiquette For Dealing With Air Up There ?
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) 
The Wall Street Journal , citing unnamed CBS News executives and people close to Katie Couric , said Wednesday she could leave her job as anchor of the low - rated CBS Evening News well before her contract expires in 2011 .
CBS and Couric both issued statements downplaying the Journal story while stopping short of an outright denial .
MORE ON COURIC : Lifeline Live blog
The report comes as CBS continues to lag in third place in the network news ratings , far behind behind NBC and ABC , 19 months after Couric 's much ballyhooed debut as the first woman solo anchor of a major U.S. evening newscast — for a salary reportedly worth $ 15 million a year .
Couric , 51 , who gained celebrity status during 15 years as co-host of America 's top-rated morning show , NBC's Today , may leave CBS as early as next January , soon after the U.S. presidential inauguration , the Journal said in its online edition .
Her five - year contract is set to expire in 2011 , the newspaper said , adding that it was possible Couric could survive in her job if a major news event lifted her viewership or some other shift occurred at CBS .
CBS and Couric said they have no plans to alter the evening newscast .
" We are very proud of the CBS Evening News particularly our political coverage , and we have no plans for any changes regarding Katie or the broadcast , " the network said in a statement .
A separate statement attributed to Couric said : " I am working hard and having fun .
My colleagues continue to impress me with their commitment to the newscast , and I am very proud of the show we put on every day . "
Despite the heavy promotion of Couric 's hiring and the huge amount of media attention it garnered , CBS has made little headway in its bid for supremacy among the Big Three network newscasts .
For the week ended March 31 , the CBS Evening News averaged 5.9 million viewers , compared to 8.3 million for NBC's Nightly News with Brian Williams and 8 million for ABC's World News with Charles Gibson , according to Nielsen Media Research .
At stake in the competition is roughly $ 450 million in annual advertising revenue .
Following an initial boost in her ratings , Couric 's nightly audience has generally lagged well behind that of her immediate predecessor , Bob Schieffer .
He had taken over as host on a temporary basis after veteran anchor Dan Rather , Walter Cronkite 's successor , stepped down in the aftermath of his discredited 60 Minutes report on the military service record of George W. Bush .
In the marketing blitz for Couric 's CBS debut , the network sought to promote her as a more " accessible " journalist who also possessed the experience to carry its flagship newscast .
But after trying various format changes to accentuate Couric 's more casual style , the network has returned to a more traditional presentation .
The Wall Street Journal suggested Couric 's next job might be to succeed veteran TV interviewer Larry King at CNN , who is 74 and whose contract with his network expires next year .
Copyright 2008 Reuters Limited .
Enlarge Reuters file photo Couric 's contract is supposed to run through 2011 with an annual salary reported at $ 15 million .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Pong in 30 Lines
NodeBox rocks .
Copy this code into the nodebox window and hit apple - R to play pong .
size ( 400 , 400 ) speed ( 40 ) ball_diameter = 20 paddle_size = 75 v_x , v_y = ( 3 , 4 ) p_x , p_y = ( 10 , 10 ) bounce = 1.2 points = [ ] computer = WIDTH / 2 compuspeed = 10 def draw ( ) : global v_x , v_y , p_x , p_y , points , bounce , computer , compuspeed if not - ball_diameter < p_y < HEIGHT + ball_diameter : text ( " Game Over " , WIDTH / 2 , HEIGHT / 2 ) if p_y < 0 : text (
" You win ! " , WIDTH / 2 , HEIGHT / 2 + 20 ) else : text ( " Computer wins " , WIDTH / 2 , HEIGHT / 2 - 20 ) return paddle_left = min ( max ( MOUSEX , 0 ) , WIDTH - paddle_size ) ny = p_y + v_y nx = p_x + v_x if nx + ( ball_diameter / 2 ) > computer + paddle_size : computer += compuspeed elif p_x + v_x < computer : computer -= compuspeed rect ( computer , 0 , paddle_size , 4 , roundness = 2 ) if ny + ball_diameter >
HEIGHT and v_y >
0 \ and paddle_left < nx + ( ball_diameter / 2 ) < paddle_left + paddle_size : v_y = - v_y * bounce v_x = ( nx - paddle_left - ( paddle_size / 2 ) ) * . 25 ny = HEIGHT - ball_diameter if ny < 0 and v_y < 0 \ and computer < nx + ( ball_diameter / 2 ) < computer + paddle_size : v_y = - v_y * bounce v_x = ( nx - computer - ( paddle_size / 2 ) ) * . 25 ny = 0 elif nx + ball_diameter >
WIDTH or nx < 0 : v_x = - v_x mx = max ( 0 , min ( MOUSEX , WIDTH - paddle_size ) ) rect ( mx , HEIGHT - 4 , paddle_size , 4 , roundness = 2 ) p_x = nx p_y = ny oval ( p_x , p_y , ball_diameter , ball_diameter )
I 'd never written a game before , and they say you are n't allowed if you do n't start with pong , so here it is .
I was actually just playing around with motion in NodeBox for a seperate project , and did this for fun .
Editor 's note : " Glenn Beck " is on Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
My name is Glenn Beck , and I am a recovering alcoholic .
Glenn
Beck says that we , the people , should take an honest look at ourselves and take charge of our country .
It took me a lot of years and a lot of pain to be able to say those words and really believe them .
Along the way , I was arrogant , greedy and self - destructive .
But the worst part was that I did n't see any of it .
Even at the lowest , darkest points of my life , I still thought of myself as that successful guy who everyone loved .
I was the life of the party , the guy who could do no wrong -- the guy who everyone else only wished they could be .
At least that 's what I thought .
Now I know better .
People were n't looking at me with envy ; they were looking at me with disgust as they watched me throw away everything I had worked so hard for .
I think America can relate .
Through hard work and unwavering principles , America took itself from a far - fetched idea to the greatest , most compassionate , most free country the world has ever known .
But as our success has grown , so has our arrogance .
Watch Beck discuss why America is killing itself »
We 've compromised our values , sold out our principles and used our freedoms to justify giving more power to the government .
In the first century of America 's life , its government was afraid of its citizens .
Now , it 's the other way around .
Maybe America should consider starting on the same kind of 12 - step program that 's helped millions of other addicts who could n't see that they were slowly killing themselves .
Here 's my version of it , condensed to six steps since I know that Americans are way too lazy to stick around for all 12 .
Step One : Admit we are not powerless .
Take a look at our Constitution .
Not just a transcript ; find an actual picture of it .
The first three words , " We the People , " are at least four times larger than the others .
Do you think that was an accident ?
Of course not .
Our framers chose those words , and made them that size , because they knew they were the answer to any problem we would ever face .
Step Two : Believe that a power greater than ourselves can restore us to sanity .
I think this one pretty much speaks for itself .
Step Three : Decide to take our power back .
A recent polls says 81 percent of Americans now say that our country is on the wrong track .
If you 're one of those people , who do you blame ?
The Bush administration ?
Congress ?
The media ?
Here 's a crazy idea :
How about blaming ourselves ?
If you do n't like the fact that your city has led the country in poverty and homelessness for the last 10 years , then ELECT SOMEONE NEW .
Stop voting for the same people from the same party every year .
Our power has n't gone away ( see Step One ) , it 's just been masked by politicians who are tearing us apart for their own gain .
We need to reclaim that power , and then we need to use it .
Step Four :
Make a complete and fearless moral inventory .
Alcoholics are n't exactly big fans of introspection and self - examination , but this is one of the most important steps to recovery .
What are America 's faults ?
What are our assets ?
By taking stock of both , we can start to work on maximizing our strengths and eliminating our weaknesses .
It sounds simple , but when 's the last time you really thought about what America does right ?
That brings me to Step Five .
Step Five : Admit our wrongs , and our rights .
We 're constantly reminded about America 's faults and flaws , but what about our achievements ?
If you want to teach our kids about Vietnam , that 's fine , but you better also teach them about World War II .
And if you want to talk about our wars , you better also talk about our welfare .
America is one of the most charitable countries in the history of the world , yet our mistakes are always glorified far more than our generosity .
That needs to be reversed .
Step Six :
Be ready to remove our defects .
Just like an alcoholic , we simply cannot go from sleeping on the street to perfection overnight .
This is a big ship , and it takes a long time to turn it around .
But we have to start somewhere , and the best place is with the defects that almost all of us agree on .
For example , does anyone really believe that being addicted to Saudi Arabia 's oil is a good idea ?
What about China owning billions of our debt ?
Speaking of debt , what about the fact that we 've saddled our children with $ 53 trillion in future Social Security and Medicare obligations ?
But before we can address any problems , we have to first admit we have them .
Many of us are in denial about just how divided we 've become .
We think that it 's just the election or the war that 's tearing us apart , but the truth is , it 's much larger than that .
We 're every bit as arrogant , greedy and self - destructive as I was when I hit bottom .
Fortunately , it 's not hopeless .
It never is .
If a program can work on a rodeo clown like me , it can definitely work for a country as great as ours .
But until we 're able to stand up and say , " Hello , my name is America and I have a problem , " we 'll never even have a chance .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
E-mail to a friend
In a Tokyo Hotel : Is forbitten to steal hotel towels please .
If you
are not person to do such thing is please not to read notis .
In another Japanese hotel room : Please to bathe inside the tub .
In a Bucharest hotel lobby :
The lift is being fixed for the next day .
During that time we regret that you will be unbearable .
In a Leipzig elevator :
Do not enter the lift backwards , and only when
lit up .
In a Belgrade hotel elevator :
To move the cabin , push button for
wishing floor .
If the cabin should enter more persons , each one
should press a number of wishing floor .
Driving is then going
alphabetically by national order .
In a Paris hotel elevator : Please leave your values at the front
desk .
In a hotel in Athens : Visitors are expected to complain at the office
between the hours of 9 and 11 A.M. daily .
In a Yugoslavian hotel :
The flattening of underwear with pleasure is
the job of the chambermaid .
In a Japanese hotel :
You are invited to take advantage of the
chambermaid .
In the lobby of a Moscow hotel across from a Russian Orthodox
monastary :
You are welcome to visit the cemetery where famous Russian
and Soviet composers , artists , and writers are buried daily except
Thursday .
In an Austrian hotel catering to skiers :
Not to perambulate the
corridors in the hours of repose in the boots of ascension .
On the menu of a Swiss restaurant :
Our wines leave you nothing to hope
for .
On the menu of a Polish hotel : Salad a firm's own make ; limpid red
beet soup with cheesy dumplings in the form of a finger ; roasted duck
let loose ; beef rashers beaten up in the country people 's fashion .
In a Hong Kong supermarket :
For your convenience , we recommend
courageous , efficient self - service .
Outside a Hong Kong tailor shop : Ladies may have a fit upstairs .
In a Bangkok dry cleaner 's : Drop your trousers here for best results .
Outside a Paris dress shop : Dresses for street walking .
In a Rhodes tailor shop : Order your summers suit .
Because is big rush
we will execute customers in strict rotation .
Similarly , from the Soviet Weekly :
There will be a Moscow Exhibition
of Arts by 15,000 Soviet Republic painters and sculptors .
These were
executed over the past two years .
In an East African newspaper : A new swimming pool is rapidly taking
shape since the contractors have thrown in the bulk of their workers .
In a Vienna hotel :
In case of fire , do your utmost to alarm the hotel
porter .
A sign posted in Germany 's Black Forest :
It is strictly forbidden on
our black forest camping site that people of different sex , for
instance , men and women , live together in one tent unless they are
married with each other for that purpose .
In a Zurich hotel : Because of the impropriety of entertaining guests
of the opposite sex in the bedroom , it is suggested that the lobby be
used for this purpose .
In an advertisement by a Hong Kong dentist : Teeth extrcted by the
latest Methodists .
A translated sentence from a Russian chess book : A lot of water has
been passed under the bridge since this variation has been played .
In a Rome laundry : Ladies , leave your clothes here and spend the
afternoon having a good time .
In a Czechoslovakian tourist agency :
Take one of our horse - driven city
tours -- we guarantee no miscarriages .
Advertisement for donkey rides in Thailand : Would you like to ride on
your own ass ?
On the faucet in a Finnish washroom :
To stop the drip , turn cock to
right .
In the window of a Swedish furrier : Fur coats made for ladies from
their own skin .
On the box of a clockwork toy made in Hong Kong : Guaranteed to work
throughout its useful life .
Detour sign in Kyushi , Japan : Stop : Drive Sideways .
In a Swiss mountain inn : Special today -- no ice cream .
In a Bangkok temple :
It is forbidden to enter a woman even a foreigner
if dressed as a man .
In a Tokyo bar : Special cocktails for the ladies with nuts .
In a Copenhagen airline ticket office :
We take your bags and send them
in all directions .
On the door of a Moscow hotel room :
If this is your first visit to the
USSR , you are welcome to it .
In a Norwegian cocktail lounge : Ladies are requested not to have
children in the bar .
At a Budapest zoo : Please do not feed the animals .
If you have any
suitable food , give it to the guard on duty .
In the office of a Roman doctor : Specialist in women and other
diseases .
In an Acapulco hotel :
The manager has personally passed all the water
served here .
In a Tokyo shop :
Our nylons cost more than common , but you 'll find
they are best in the long run .
From a Japanese information booklet about using a hotel air
conditioner : Cooles and Heates :
If you want just condition of warm in
your room , please control yourself .
From a brochure of a car rental firm in Tokyo :
When passenger of foot
heave in sight , tootle the horn .
Trumpet him melodiously at first ,
but if he still obstacles your passage then tootle him with vigor .
Two signs from a Majorcan shop entrance :
- English well talking .
- Here speeching American .
These days you hear a lot about the world financial crisis .
But there ’s another world crisis under way  and it ’s hurting a lot more people .
I ’m talking about the food crisis .
Over the past few years the prices of wheat , corn , rice and other basic foodstuffs have doubled or tripled , with much of the increase taking place just in the last few months .
High food prices dismay even relatively well - off Americans  but they ’re truly devastating in poor countries , where food often accounts for more than half a family ’s spending .
There have already been food riots around the world .
Food - supplying countries , from Ukraine to Argentina , have been limiting exports in an attempt to protect domestic consumers , leading to angry protests from farmers  and making things even worse in countries that need to import food .
How did this happen ?
The answer is a combination of long - term trends , bad luck  and bad policy .
Let ’s start with the things that are n’t anyone ’s fault .
The Internet makes it easy to learn about anything , even suicide , and a new study out in the British Medical Journal tries to determine just how simple it is to dig up suicide information online .
And when the information is found , the authors determine whether it promotes suicide or not , an important consideration since " media reporting of suicide and its fictional portrayal on television are known to influence suicidal behavior , particularly the choice of method used . "
Although concern about suicide information on the Web has been growing , the UK researchers who did the study note that no one actually knows how easy it is to find this information online , nor do they know exactly what sort of information is found .
To fill the knowledge gap , the researchers collected 12 broad search terms gathered in part from interviews with those how had attempted suicide : suicide , suicide methods , suicide sure methods , most effective methods of suicide , methods of suicide , ways to commit suicide , how to commit suicide , how to kill yourself , easy suicide methods , best suicide methods , pain - free suicide , and quick suicide .
The researchers then used these 12 terms on four of the top search engines ( Google , Yahoo , MSN , and Ask ) and looked at the first ten results for each search ( based on more general research that shows Internet searchers often do n't look beyond the first page of results ) .
The 480 results that this generated were consolidated to produce 240 unique web sites , which were then divided into 14 groups that ranged from " dedicated suicide site , pro-suicide " to " academic or policy site " to " news reports of individual suicides . "
With the coding done , the researchers found that 90 of the 240 sites they identified were totally dedicated to suicide , and fully half of these ( 45 sites ) promoted or encouraged suicide .
62 of the 240 sites were for suicide prevention or support services , while another 59 were sites that forbid or discouraged the practice .
The results varied by search engine .
Google produced the most dedicated suicide sites by a wide margin ( nearly twice as many as MSN ) , while MSN topped the list when it came to prevention sites and academic sites .
But perhaps most disturbing was that the most frequent results were pro-suicide .
" The three most frequently occurring sites were all pro-suicide , " note the authors , who also found that " Wikipedia was the fourth most frequently occurring site . "
All four of these top sites provided information about methods , speed , and pain associated with suicide attempts .
The authors make little attempt to draw normative conclusions from the data , though they do note that suicide rates in England have dropped among 15 - to 34 - year - olds for more than a decade ... just as the Internet blasted its way into the public consciousness .
They also note that , while finding pro-suicide information is easier on the Internet than it used to be in the local library , finding suicide prevention and support information is also simpler .
" Cases of Internet induced suicide may be offset by potential beneficial effects or other suicide prevention activities , " they conclude .
The ease with which those who might be contemplating The Last Logoff can readily find sites that not only give info on how to commit suicide , but advocate it , is disturbing .
In a sense , the results are also not all that surprising given how search engines index and rank sites .
By way of illustration , a search for the psychoactive plant salvia divinorum turns up mostly links on where to buy it and how to use it on the first page of Google 's results .
You have to do a bit of digging to find anything cautionary on the plant and its use .
Note :
In the course of researching this article , I stumbled across what may be the most disturbing document I have ever encountered on the Internet , and that 's saying something .
Let 's just say that if you do want to kill yourself ( and I certainly hope that you do n't ) , the information is in fact out there .
In great and excruciating detail .
I had no previous knowledge of what the ingestion of lye could do to a human body .
This was one of the most life - hating documents I 've ever had the misfortune to read ; be aware of what you 're in for if you attempt to replicate the study results on your own .
Now , go hug a child .
The announcement made at the E3 in 2015 by Square Enix was the fulfilment of the ‘ 90s gamers ’ dreams that is the remake of Final Fantasy VII .
But not all players are aware what it is all about .
To address this concern , here are facts that should help you understand about Final Fantasy 7 .
Why Final Fantasy 7 Remake Is So Popular ?
Take note that the Final Fantasy 7 has been dubbed one of the greatest games of all time .
The first entry of the series to launch in Europe and first to utilize 3D visuals .
This was first released in 1997 for the PlayStatiion before it came to the PC , as well as the PlayStation Network .
It has sold over 10 million copies by 2010 , which made it the bestselling installment of the series .
The remake was teased and rumored through the generation of the last hardware .
But , after the original was launched 20 years ago , it is finally going to happen .
Simply A Remaster ?
According to sources , Square Enix is not just giving PlayStation ’s original version of Final Fantasy 7 another polish but a full - fledged remake in HD .
The remake will be designed and recreated from the ground up so that it will be able to harness the power of the hardware of the current generation .
Moreover , the game will use the Unreal 4 Engine in its development .
This will be the same engine behind certain titles such as Fable Legends , Gears of War 4 , and Street Fighter 5 .
However , game director Tetsuya Nomura has explained that even when the graphics are made even better or a modern machine , the original version will never be surpassed .
So , you could just play the original international version on the PlayStation 4 to achieve that goal .
The People Behind The Development Of The Remake
Scenario writer Kazushige Nojima , director Nomura Nojima , and original producer Yoshinori Kitase are heading the team of developers .
The 3 members of the trio have finally met and decided to work on the project after quite some time .
The key members were able to see a window of possibility in which they can move forward with the project .
This led to the possibility of getting started with the production of the Final Fantasy 7 remake .
According to Nomura , the announcement was just in time to raise Square Enix ’s profile when the studio was about to reveal a batch some other new games .
This involves more titles being announced at Square Enix on the platform of the PlayStation 4 .
At the same time , they thought that it would be a good boost to their portfolio , which allows Square Enix to bring out more titles on the PS4 .
Final Fantasy VII Remake Gameplay
Real - time , action - based combat
Departure from the original game
Absence of random encounters
However , the game would n’t be hooked to the original mechanics .
This is because Final Fantasy VII remake will now be more focused on action , as it centers on the real - time combat and getting rid of the Action Time Battle setup .
UPI | April 2 , 2008
WASHINGTON , April 2 ( UPI ) — A California congressman said Wednesday he has reservations about a proposed new fund for rescuers sickened by the 2001 terror attacks , not supporting victims .
At a hearing in Washington Tuesday , Rep. Darrell Issa , R - Calif. , balked at the idea of a new compensation fund for emergency responders who fell ill after the Sept. 11 attacks in New York , the New York Daily News reported .
Issa insisted the airliners that crashed into the World Trade Center towers in New York were not weapons .
He suggested the cause of illness for the responders was simply debris from the collapse of the towers .
" It simply was an aircraft , residue of two aircraft and residue from the materials used to build this building , " Issa said .
Issa issued a statement Wednesday clarifying his position .
" During ( Tuesday ’s ) hearing , I asked tough questions . …
I continue to have reservations about the specific bill ( Tuesday ’s ) hearing focused on and I have questions about the appropriate way to determine federal and local responsibility to victims , " Issa said .
" I want to make clear that I strongly support help for victims who suffered physical injury as a result of an attack on America , including support from Congress and the federal government . "
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
PHOENIXVILLE , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) --
After 22 years in private practice and seeing people " kicked around by the system , " Dr. Lorna Stuart found herself frustrated with the number of insurance companies and the rules and restrictions that came with them .
Because there 's no insurance paperwork , Dr. Lorna Stuart says she has more time to spend talking with patients .
" The day - to - day time that I spent on paperwork was increasing , while my patients were n't getting the good care that I wanted to give them -- face - to - face time , one - on - one time , " she recalls .
" I vowed to do whatever little I could about this inequity of care . "
For Stuart , that vow came in the form of opening her own clinic and treating the uninsured .
" Every single person knows somebody without health insurance , " says Stuart .
" There are so many people that fall through the cracks . "
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , approximately 47 million Americans are currently without medical coverage .
So Stuart set out to alleviate that problem where she could -- in her old steel town of Phoenixville , Pennsylvania .
She confided her desire to start a clinic in the Rev. Marie Swayze , her friend whose parish property was home to a Victorian - style rectory that had become dilapidated from disuse .
The two concocted a plan to restore and remodel the mansion into a place that anyone would be happy to visit for quality medical care .
Then , leaving private practice , Stuart sold her house and set out to raise $ 400,000 in donated funds , materials and services .
In 2002 , these efforts resulted in " The Clinic : Medical Center for the Uninsured , " a charitable , sun-filled clinic that has since received more than 40,000 patient visits .
Individuals receive free or low - cost primary medical care across eight specialties , regardless of income or locality .
Watch Stuart explain how her healthcare dream came true »
" Since there 's no need to spend a lot of time doing paperwork , we have time to talk to the patient and really hear what they 're saying , " says Stuart .
" So the patients go away feeling they 've been heard , that they 've been helped . "
An arsenal of more than 100 local volunteers , including 20 retired and practicing physicians , assist Stuart in providing expert medical services to more than 800 patients per month from across the southeastern Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Delaware area .
She even invested in Spanish language audiotape lessons to better communicate with her Spanish - speaking clients .
Patients are informed that each visit costs about $ 60 , but they are only expected to contribute what they can toward their care .
Watch Stuart explain the benefits of visiting " The Clinic " »
" Many patients pay as little as a dollar or even 50 cents for the same dignified care that patients contributing in full receive , " says Mary Ellen Smith , The Clinic 's medical resource coordinator .
Patient contributions account for 20 percent of The Clinic 's $ 900,000 annual operating budget .
The rest comes exclusively from private grants and donations .
If The Clinic accepted money made available through government aid programs , they would be significantly restricted in terms of whom they would be allowed to treat , and how .
For Stuart , giving good old - fashioned care again has restored her sense of fulfillment .
Watch Stuart explain how her clinic provides care to the uninsured »
" Each day , I get to treat the patients whom our medical system has forgotten , without the hassle of insurance paperwork , " says Stuart .
" Is it any wonder I once again feel the real joy of practicing the craft that I love ? " E-mail to a friend
Most Britons will have a biometric identity card within nine years , Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said today .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
She also pledged to shave £ 1bn off the total cost of the project , mainly by allowing private companies to fingerprint and photograph applicants .
The announcements formed part of a new charm offensive to bolster support for the controversial scheme by persuading Britons to enrol voluntarily .
However , millions of Britons could be forced to apply because of their jobs - including 200,000 airport workers , staff and volunteers at the 2012 Olympics and power station employees .
" The way we are now approaching the scheme will lead to a significantly quicker take - up of its benefits , " said Ms Smith .
" One of the strengths of this choice is that now people will be able to get a card when they want , rather than wait until they renew their passport .
" This means that we can now aim to achieve full roll - out by 2017 - two years ahead of previous plans . "
She added : " When we publish our next cost report in May I expect to see almost £ 1bn removed from the headline costs .
" That is a genuine reduction in the costs of the scheme . "
In a speech in central London to the think - tank Demos , the Home Secretary promised she would ensure the ID card project was " hard - headed and cost - effective " .
She predicted a future in which British people would voluntarily enrol for the cards - which carry their details and fingerprints in a microchip - because doing so would make their lives easier .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
For example , checks by the Criminal Records Bureau for teachers , some nurses and carers could be trimmed from four weeks to just four days for card - holders , she added .
Ms Smith said : " It is inconceivable in today 's world that someone should not have a single , safe way of securing and verifying their identity . "
She added that rather than having to carry a range of utility bills , passport and other documents to prove one 's identity , there would be huge benefits to possessing a single ID card .
She went on : " If anything , I think it will actually make it easier to retain your privacy . "
The project will begin in November with compulsory ID cards for foreign nationals .
Within three years all new foreign applicants arriving in the UK will have to have a card .
British workers in sensitive jobs , such as airport staff , will have to have the card from 2009 .
And Ms Smith announced that young people would be able to apply from 2010 .
All new British passports will be entered on the National Identity Register - a database of the fingerprints and other details - from 2011 - 2012 .
Applications New portrait of Earth shows land cover as never before
17/03/2008 20332 views 3 likes
A new global portrait taken from space details Earth ’s land cover with a resolution never before obtained .
ESA , in partnership with the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation , presented a preliminary version of the map at the 2nd GlobCover User Consultation workshop held in Rome , Italy .
Earth ’s land cover has been charted from space before , but this map , which will be made available to the public upon its completion in July , has a resolution 10 times sharper than any of its predecessors .
Scientists , who will use the data to plot worldwide land - cover trends , study natural and managed ecosystems and to model climate change extent and impacts , are hailing the product – generated under the ESA - initiated GlobCover project – as ' a milestone . '
GlobCover legend " The GlobCover system is a great step forward in our capacities to automatically produce new global land cover products with a finer resolution and a more detailed thematic content than ever achieved in the past , " Frédéric Achard of the European Commission 's Joint Research Centre ( JRC ) said .
" This GlobCover product is much more than a map .
It is an operational scientific and technical demonstration of the first automated land cover mapping on a global scale and may provide the detailed description of the land surface states needed for regional climate modelling , " said Prof .
Pierre Defourny , from the Université catholique de Louvain , who designed the land classification process .
" Land cover data is an essential requirement of the sustainable management of natural resources , environmental protection , food security , climate change and humanitarian programmes , " John Latham of the Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) said .
" The GlobCover product will be the first freely available product at 300 m resolution and is therefore a milestone product which will be fundamental to a broad level stakeholder community . "
Jaap van Woerden from the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) said : " This map can greatly support the work of UNEP and partners in addressing environmental priority issues such as climate change and ecosystem management . "
Prof. Christiane Schmullius from the University of Jena in Germany said the new GlobCover product “ revolutionises global land cover mapping . "
This map can greatly support the work of UNEP and partners in addressing environmental priority issues such as climate change and ecosystem management .
The map is based on 20 Terabytes of imagery – equivalent to the content of 20 million books – acquired from May 2005 to April 2006 by Envisat ’s Medium Resolution Imaging Spectrometer ( MERIS ) instrument .
All images then undergo a standardised processing technique developed and operated by Medias - France / Postel , together with Brockmann Consult , the Université catholique de Louvain and partners .
There are 22 different land cover types shown in the map , including croplands , wetlands , forests , artificial surfaces , water bodies and permanent snow and ice .
For maximum user benefit , the map ’s thematic legend is compatible with the UN Land Cover Classification System ( LCCS ) .
GlobCover , launched in 2005 , is part of ESA ’s Earth Observation Data User Element ( DUE ) .
An international network of partners is working with ESA on the project , including the UN Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , FAO , the European Commission 's Joint Research Centre ( JRC ) , the European Environmental Agency ( EEA ) , the International Geosphere - Biosphere Programme ( IGBP ) and the Global Observations of Forest Cover and Global Observations of Land Dynamics ( GOFC - GOLD ) Implementation Team Project Office .
For more information about GlobCover products and their availability , please visit the GlobCover website .
BUENOS AIRES ( Reuters ) - More than 150 passengers and crew escaped unhurt after their cruise ship hit ice in the Antarctic and started sinking on Friday , the ship ’s owner and coast guard officials said .
A Norwegian passenger boat in the area safely picked up all the occupants of the Explorer from the lifeboats they used to flee the ship when it ran into problems off King George Island in Antarctica at 12:24 a.m. EST , the Explorer ’s owners said .
A spokesman for G.A.P Adventures , the Canadian travel company that owns the vessel , said 154 passengers and crew had been on board the ship .
He had told Reuters earlier the number was 100 .
“ We were passing through ice as usual ... we do that every day ...
But this time something hit the hold and we got a little leakage downstairs , ” the Explorer ’s first officer Peter Svensson told Reuters Television by satellite phone from the Norwegian ship , the Nordnorge .
He said the rescue had gone smoothly .
“ No one was hysterical , they were just sitting there nice and quiet , because we knew there were ships coming . ”
The passengers and crew were being taken to Chile ’s Eduardo Frei base in the Antarctic from where they would later be flown to Punta Arenas in southern Chile , a Chilean navy commander told local television .
ICY CONTINENT
The stricken vessel had set sail from the southern Argentine port of Ushuaia last week and was heading south toward the barren , icy continent , officials said .
Pictures taken from Chilean navy helicopters showed the vessel listing severely in dark gray waters .
At least 10 lifeboats and rafts could be seen .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
A company statement said the passengers included Americans , British , Canadians , Australians , Dutch , Japanese , Argentines and other nationalities , and that the families of those on board were being contacted .
G.A.P Adventures spokeswoman Susan Hayes told CNN the vessel “ did n’t hit an iceberg , it hit some ice ...
There are ice floes , but it did n’t hit a huge iceberg . ”
Slideshow ( 16 images )
Hours after the vessel ’s evacuation , Chilean government spokesman Ricardo Lagos Weber told reporters :
“ The information we have at the moment is that the boat ’s sinking due to the hole in its hull , and what the icebreaker Viel is going to do is see if there ’ll be any pollution as a result of the sinking . ”
The Explorer usually makes two - week cruises around the Antarctic , costing some 4,000 pounds ( $ 8,000 ) per cabin .
Smaller than most cruise ships , it is able to enter narrower bays off the continent and scientists are on board to brief passengers on the region ’s geology and climate change , the spokesman added .
King George Island lies about 700 miles south of Cape Horn , the tip of South America , and is the largest of the South Shetland islands .
Cruise trip travel has grown in Antarctica in recent years and Pedro Tuhay , of the Argentine coast guard , told local radio that 52 cruises were expected at the southern port of Ushuaia during this year ’s peak season from October to April .
( Additional reporting by Peter Graff , Luke Baker and David Clarke and Reuters Television in Britain , Rodrigo Martinez in Chile and Jonathan Spicer in Canada )
The launch of a low - cost Ruby on Rails integrated development environment from SapphireSteel Software based on Microsoft 's Visual Studio comes at a turning point for both the Ruby language and its associated Rails framework .
But quite what the turning point will be is open to question .
On the one hand Sun 's director of web technologies Tim Bray predicts a healthy future for Ruby and Rails - while also acknowledging that they could face some stiff competition from alternatives .
On the other hand Joe Gregario at BitWorking maintains that Ruby and Rails peaked in mid 2007 and , citing various Web 2.0 trend statistics , reckons its downhill from now on .
The flak attack on the Ruby and Rails communities notched up a level with a vitriolic rant last week from Mongrel creator Zed Shaw who declared Rails a " ghetto " populated by - well , according to Zed at least , some not very nice people .
The community responded at length .
The Ruby cause has not been helped by high - profile failures such as Derek Civers of CD Baby revealing last September that he had abandoned a re-write of his site with Ruby on Rails and gone back to PHP scripting .
And earlier in the year Twitter blamed Ruby on Rails for degraded performance on its site .
The main grouses appear to be about performance and the scalability of applications built with Ruby and Rails .
There is some evidence that performance has improved with Rails 2.0 released just before Christmas and scalability is clearly no problem if you have God ( and Zed Shaw ) on your side .
The availability of full versions of Ruby for Microsoft 's .NET in the form of IronRuby from Microsoft and Ruby .
NET , launched in November 2007 , should also help increase uptake of Ruby .
But as Tim Bray notes in his positive forecast for Ruby and Rails , there will be pressure on both during the coming year .
Alternatives to Rails such as Ramaze clearly appeal to developers and there is still strong support for established languages such as PHP and Java . ®
Researchers in Japan ’s Institute of Physical and Chemical Research have taught degus how to use rakes to obtain food .
Degus are small rodents closely related to chinchillas .
This is apparently the first instance in which rodents have been taught to use tools .
The degu is placed on one side of a fence and sunflower seeds are placed on the other side .
When provided with a small rake , the small rodents pull the seeds through .
Degus are also referred to as Brush - Tailed rats , even though they are closer to guinea pigs and chincillas .
They are social animals able to coordinate their digging activities in constructing large burrows .
Science fiction fans are irresistibly reminded of the wonderful 1962 novel Little Fuzzy by H. Beam Piper .
Although written as a juvenile , this novel has a grown - up preoccupation with the basic question " What makes us human ? "
In the story , a distant planet is colonized under a charter to a large corporation .
However , one of the conditions of the charter is that the planet does not have any sapient , human - like intelligent life .
The corporate lawyers are not very happy when a sol stone miner named Jack Holloway finds an odd little creature - which he names a " Little Fuzzy " - in his house , and then sees him using tools .
Here 's a good example of their tool - using abilities .
" A land - prawn , which must have gotten in while the door was open , was crossing the living room .
Little Fuzzy ran after and past it , pivoted and brought the corner of the chisel edge down on the prawn 's neck , neatly beheading it ... then slid the chisel under it and flopped it over on its back , slapping it twice with the flat and cracking the undershell . "
( See a picture of the Little Fuzzies . )
In their extraordinary 1974 novel The Mote in God 's Eye , Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle write about a race of beings trapped in an isolated solar system .
One subspecies , the Watchmakers ( nicknamed the Brownies ) , are small , rodent - like animals with remarkable tool - using abilities .
Without realizing the danger , human visitors to the Mote allow Brownies into their ship .
Eventually , the brass are concerned .
" Gunner , have you ever heard of ' Brownies ' aboard this ship ? "
" Well , not officially , Captain .
I will say some of the spacers lately seem lately to believe in the Little People ... "
" Some of the men in my watch sections , Captain - they say that if ye leave some food - grain , cereals , mess left - overs , anything at all - in the corridors or under your bunk along with something that needs fixing , it gets fixed . " ... Microscopes with smoother focusing operations than the best things ever made by Leica Optical .
A handmade lamp in the biology section .
Boots and shoes customized to individual feet ... sidearms individualized ...
See the degus raking in this video .
Via Scientists teach rodents to use rake .
( This Science Fiction in the News story used with permission of Technovelgy.com - where science meets fiction . )
Video : Making Tools Out of Twigs
Gorillas Photographed Using Tools
Amazing Animal Abilities
Pictures courtesy Nelson Brooke ( New York Times ) and Thanks to Elizabeth for the link .
Pictures courtesy Nelson Brooke ( New York Times ) and our-energy.com
Biofuel is all about blue skies and clean water , a world with less pollution .
An ideal like so many , which turns foul when the commercial world gets hold of it .
Once the chase for profit comes primary , even the cleanest biofuel turns out to be a culprit to nature .
When the Black Warrior River in Alabama got covered with an oily , fetid substance , the source of the pollution was traced to the Alabama Biodiesel Corporation plant , the state 's biodiesel plant , a refinery turning soybean oil into earth - friendly fuel .
The spills , resembling Italian salad dressing , were 450 times higher than permit levels allow and are similar to others that have come from biofuel plants in the Midwest .
According to the National Biodiesel Board , a trade group , biodiesel is nontoxic , biodegradable and suitable for sensitive environments , but scientists say that position understates its potential environmental impact :
As with most organic materials , oil and glycerin deplete the oxygen content of water very quickly , and that will suffocate fish and other organisms .
And for birds , a vegetable oil spill is just as deadly as a crude oil spill .
Proof of the matter : in the summer of 2006 , a Cargill biodiesel plant in Iowa Falls improperly disposed of 135,000 gallons of liquid oil and grease , which ran into a stream killing hundreds of fish .
Iowa leads the US 's biofuel production , with 42 ethanol and biodiesel refineries in production and 18 more plants under construction .
The US biodiesel plants doubled in numbers over the span of a year : from 90 plants in 2006 to 160 plants in 2007 .
( Full The 1989 Exxon Valdez oil tanker disaster off the coast of Alaska spilled 10.8 million gallons of crude oil .
If one biodiesel plant - like the Iowa Falls plant - is able to dispose 135,000 gallons of waste , the current US biofuel plants have a " capacity " to release 21,600,000 gallons , having potentially at least twice the impact of the Exxon Valdez disaster .
On a repetitive basis ... The potential impact : The Exxon Valdez spill covered 11,000 square miles ( 28,000 km² ) of ocean , killing an estimate of 250,000 - 500,000 seabirds .
Almost twenty years later , 26,000 gallons of crude oil remain in the sandy soil of the contaminated Alaska shoreline , declining at a rate of less than 4 % per year .
( Source Without proper legislation regulating the pollution caused by the biofuel plants , biofuel will do more harm than good .
More posts on The Road about biofuel global warming and the environment
More about “ over - eager ” young pups at the Clinton campaign .
BlueHampshire.com , a progressive site in the Granite State , has found that several Clinton staff members slipped into sock - puppet mode to beef up the pro-Clinton diary recommendations on its site .
The Caucus learned of this through techpresident.com , which is surprised that anybody still uses sock puppets .
“ I ’m still amazed that anyone with a basic knowledge of computers would think that they operate anonymously from a campaign office , ” Joshua Levy writes .
“ Have n’t we learned anything from Wikipedia ? ”
The Caucus too is shocked — shocked ! — at the use of sock puppets .
We have nothing like that on our site , right readers ?
We thought sock puppets were “ in ” for about as long as Paris Hilton ’s stay in jail .
In any case , BlueHampshire handled the whole thing with class and their story says a lot about maintaining site integrity in these wild and wooly times .
Blue Hampshire ’s Dean Barker writes that the site administrators grew suspicious when they saw that several users had signed up in quick succession .
They then discovered that they all used the same IP address , which is registered to the Clinton campaign .
BlueHampshire says that it actually welcomes comments from paid campaign staff members ( they may be the site ’s most devoted readers , after all ) , but it just wants them to disclose their affiliations , either through comments or e-mail addresses .
“ The fact that all the users mentioned above came from a Clinton campaign IP , but did not register with campaign email addresses , and avoided making comments or diaries , instead only recommending pro-Clinton diaries , strikes us as gaming the system and a form of ‘ recommend astroturf , ’ ” Mr. Barker writes .
“ As a result , we have banned those accounts , and will do so again for undisclosed paid staffers of any campaign if need be . ”
Mr. Barker says he discussed the matter with Kathleen Strand , the Clinton campaign ’s press secretary in New Hampshire .
She “ assured us that this was not an orchestrated effort but the product of over - eager staffers and volunteers , done without her awareness , and that it will not be repeated , ” he says .
“ We appreciate her responsiveness and believe that this may indeed be a misunderstanding of low - level staffers of the norms of the site .
Why mention it then ?
Because while initial acts like these are very small , when a community starts to sense there is no enforcement of the norms of the site , a slow slide into anarchy inevitably begins .
It ’s our hope by drawing the line here , and showing our willingness to preserve the integrity of discussion on this site , that we will avoid less trivial machinations in the future . ”
He then adds this plea for civility : “ I ’d ask people to be respectful in the comments — Team Clinton is the subject of this post , but it is meant to be a warning shot across the bow of all campaigns .
And further , it is the fact that we do manage to have civilized discussions here among opponents that makes this line worth drawing . ”
Pirates are innovators , they signal market problems and lead the way to new business models .
Nevertheless , they are tagged as thieves by many .
We invited Matt Mason , author of the book " The Pirate 's Dilemma : How Youth Culture Is Reinventing Capitalism " , to write an article on the " pirate 's dilemma " for TorrentFreak .
The Pirate ’s Dilemma : The Problem With Information ( and how to fix it )
BY MATT MASON
The same way light confuses scientists by existing as particles and waves at the same time , information increasingly seems to confuse us .
Information is getting cheaper and more expensive at the same time , and it appears that many of us , especially those of us who own or control a great deal of it , no longer understand how to observe or use it .
We live in a world where it is legal for a company to patent pigs , or any other living thing except for a full birth human being , but copying a CD you bought onto your hard drive is considered an infringement of someone else ’s rights .
A place where an average law abiding citizen could owe more than $ 12 million dollars in fines if they were sued every time they accidentally violated copyright law in a single day .
A society where it ’s ok for each of us to be hit with 5,000 advertising messages every 24 hours , usually without our permission , but creating a piece of art and placing it in public yourself without permission can land you in prison .
This is n’t just about the pros and cons of file sharing – this is about an entire species losing its sense of perspective , failing to understand the potential of one of its most precious ( and yet most abundant ) resources .
Many of us are confused about whether our ideas should count as information , or property .
When we have a new idea , there are two opposing forces at work .
At the same time as we are thinking “ how can I get this out there ? ” we ’re also asking ourselves “ how can I benefit from / monetize this idea ? ”
We want to spread ideas as information , but capitalize on them as intellectual property .
This problem with information is something I call The Pirate ’s Dilemma .
The first thing we need to understand is that the decision as to how we share “ our ” information is n’t always “ ours ” to make alone .
If a drug company decides it wo n’t share malaria and anti-retroviral AIDS drugs with a developing nation for a price the suffering citizens of that country can afford , that country may decide to ignore patent protections and manufacture pirate copies of the drugs anyway in order to save lives .
If an industry dependent on physical information , distribution bottlenecks and artificial scarcity decides to ignore more efficient ways of distributing the information it considers its property , pirates will step into the breach and highlight the fact that there is a better way for us to do things .
Some of America ’s greatest innovators were thought of as pirates .
When Thomas Edison invented the phonographic record player , musicians branded him a pirate out to steal their work and destroy the live music business , until a system was established so everyone could be paid royalties , which we today call the record industry .
Edison , in turn , went on to invent filmmaking , and demanded a licensing fee from those making movies with his technology .
This caused a band of filmmaking pirates , including a man named William , to flee New York for the then still wild West , where they thrived , unlicensed , until Edison ’s patents expired .
These pirates continue to operate there , albeit legally now , in the town they founded : Hollywood .
William ’s last name ?
Fox .
Piracy is the sharp end of innovation , innovation by any means necessary .
Large oligopolies control most of our industries and governments .
Six companies control most of what we see and hear .
According to The World Bank ’s 2007 figures , roughly two - thirds the world ’s 150 largest economies are n’t nations , but corporations .
We all know the system does n’t work quite the way it ’s supposed to , yet continue to think of this inefficient system we have as “ the free market ” .
Pirates upend inefficient systems , they take order and create short - term chaos , but often the long - term result of piracy on a large scale is a better system – a more efficient way of doing things .
Pirates created many of our established orders out of chaos , and now that these industries are becoming inefficient in the face of new technologies , chaos is being created once again .
From CEOs to struggling artists , in everything from health care to entertainment to education , many of us are being challenged by the problem of others sharing and using our intellectual property without permission .
This challenge requires a change of attitude , because sometimes piracy is n’t the problem , it ’s the solution .
You see , piracy is really a market signal – an early warning system , a warning that all too often goes ignored by established industries .
Whether we consider ourselves pirates or professionals , we ’re all competing in the same space .
When pirates enter our market spaces , we have two choices :
We can throw lawsuits at them and hope they go away .
Sometimes this is the best thing to do .
But what if those pirates are adding value to society in some way ?
If these pirates are really doing something useful , people support them , and the strong arm of the law wo n’t work .
The pirates will keep coming back and multiplying no matter how many people are sued .
And the truth is , if lawsuits become a core component of your business model , then you no longer have a business model ( unless you ’re a lawyer ) .
Because in these cases , what pirates are actually doing is highlighting a better way for us to do things ; they find gaps outside the market , and better ways for society to operate .
In these situations the only way to fight piracy is legitimize and legalize new innovations by competing with pirates in the marketplace .
Once the new market space is legitimized , more opportunities are created for everyone .
This is how cable TV started , it ’s why many drugs are now sold at prices people in the third world can afford , it ’s how many other new opportunities are being created today .
Pirates present us with a choice .
We can either fight them in the courts , or match them play for play in the marketplace .
To compete or not to compete , that is the question ; that is The Pirate ’s Dilemma .
Matt ’s book : “ The Pirate ’s Dilemma : How Youth Culture Is Reinventing Capitalism ” is out now through Free Press , and probably soon on a BitTorrent tracker near you ; ) .
HRW report cont .:
The escalating brutality of contra practices leads Americas Watch to conclude that disregard for the rights of civilians has become a de facto policy of the contra forces .
If you do a search for " Contras " and " McCain " in Lexis - Nexis , Google News Archives and / or the NYT archives , you 'll find a lot of stories about McCain 's support for this particularly savage group of terrorists .
Here 's a verbatim quote from the straight - talker himself :
Historians will look back and view the vote that cut off military and humanitarian aid to the contras as a low point in United States history .
Really ?
Another NGO compiled a year 's worth of Contra atrocities , which included murder , rape , torture , maiming children , cutting off arms , cutting out tongues , gouging out eyes , castration , bayoneting pregnant women in the stomach , and amputating genitals .
An eyewitness to a Contra raid in Jinotega province said : " Rosa had her breasts cut off .
Then they cut into her chest and took out her heart .
The men had their arms broken , their testicles cut off and their eyes poked out .
They were killed by slitting their throats and pulling the tongue out through the slit . "
Well , McCain is a surelya a decent enough man to realize that illegally selling weapons to the fundamentalist regime of Iran , illegally giving the proceeds to the Contras , and illegally destroying related documents is wrong , right ?
Oh , wait :
One of the key figures in the Iran - contra scandal is now endorsing Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , but is McCain endorsing him back ?
This morning the McCain campaign helpfully circulated a column Oliver North had penned in the Washington Times , extolling the senator 's virtues , under the heading " In Case You Missed It : Oliver North on John McCain . "
[...]
That prompted The Trail to ponder a simple question :
Is McCain pleased to receive North 's endorsement , given the fact that the failed GOP senatorial candidate was convicted in 1989 of shredding documents , accepting an illegal gratuity and aiding and abetting in the obstruction of Congress ?
[...]
The McCain campaign 's response ?
" We 'll let the comments in the release stand , " wrote spokeswoman Jill Hazelbaker in an e-mail .
" Thanks . "
Glad to know that McCain is going for the felon vote as well as the foreign terrorist vote .
€
If you had n't guessed from the headline , and as rumored just an hour ago , there 's 9 - inches of LCD on this thing .
Actually , 8.9 , but who 's counting ?
We found out that and a few other little tidbits about this Eee PC " New Generation " at the ASUS booth just now , but for the most part the 9 - inch Eee PC is quite similar to its 7 - inch forebearer .
Anything past that ASUS is saving for tomorrow 's press event when this laptop will become officially official , but whatever they end up calling it ( Eee PC 900 is rumored ) , it 's certainly for real .
The battery impact of the new display is said to be " negligible , " with 2.5 to 3 hours of battery quoted .
ASUS would n't let us turn it on since it's all so very secret at the moment , but they did confirm some release details .
The 9 - inch Eee will hit in the " middle " of 2008 , with that399 pricetag for the 12GB version , but other capacities available ( we saw an 8 GB on display ) .
No word yet on US pricing , but we 're trying to pry it out of them .
I was talking to Howie Klein a couple of day ago about the anniversary of MLK's " I Have A Dream I remembered that McCain voted against the proposed national holiday back in 1983 .
In a Feb. 9 " Hardball " interview with Chris Matthews , McCain compared his evolution to that of one of his political heroes , former Arizona Sen.
Barry Goldwater .
" I believe that Barry Goldwater , to start with , regretted his vote on the 1964 Civil Rights Act , " McCain said .
" I think that Barry grew , like all of us grow and evolve .
In 1983 , when I was brand - new in the Congress , I voted against the recognition of Dr. Martin Luther King .
That was a mistake , OK ?
And later I had the chance to ... help fight for ... the recognition of Dr. Martin Luther King as a holiday in my state . "
Just think about the fact that he voted against the holiday to begin with .
What does that tell you about him and his views of race in America ?
Why did it matter to him that he was brand spanking new to Congress when he denied MLK his rightful day of celebration ?
He brings up Goldwater in 64 as some sort of wingnut justification .
Well , he had almost twenty years to think about it by then and he still voted against MLK day .
I 'm glad Sam Stein caught this too and wrote a good piece on it .
A LaTrobe Valley man who allegedly kidnapped his 17 - year - old girlfriend convinced her they had both been abducted and spent several days with her naked in the forest evading their `captors ' , a court heard today .
Julian Buchwald , 22 , of Budgeree , faced Latrobe Valley Magistrates Court today charged with kidnapping , abduction for sex and abduction for marriage .
Police allege Mr Buchwald took his girlfriend of two years to a property near Boolarra for a picnic on March 4 , where he had earlier hidden a balaclava , rope , duct tape and a change of clothing .
What 's the best way to kill someone ?
I do n't mean on the battlefield , or in a mob hit .
Not in self - defense .
I mean as the state .
What 's the best way for the state to execute a prisoner who has been condemned to death ?
The courts are currently wrestling with that question .
Last week , the U.S. Supreme Court stayed the execution of a Mississippi killer only minutes before he was to be dispatched by lethal injection .
Lethal injection , it turns out , can be a pretty painful way to die , so lawsuits were filed , and now the lower courts are trying to decide whether that method violates the Eighth Amendment , which proscribes cruel and unusual punishment .
In issuing their stay , the Supremes deftly sidestepped the issue and dumped it on their brethren downstream .
Currently , 38 states in this country employ the death penalty .
Of those , 37 either use lethal injection exclusively or offer it as an alternative to another method .
If the courts decide that strapping some three - time loser to a gurney and pumping a lethal cocktail into his veins is , indeed , a violation of the Eighth , then there 's going to be some serious scrambling to find yet another " humane " way to kill someone .
They wo n't find one .
As sentient beings we want to live , and we fight for life with the last breath in our bodies .
Dylan Thomas was merely stating the obvious when he urged us , " Do not go gentle into that good night ....
Rage , rage against the dying of the light . "
Short of croaking in your sleep or while heavily sedated , few people go gently .
( Incidentally , Thomas drank himself to death , so maybe the Department of Corrections should consider installing taverns on death row . )
There seems to be no way to end someone 's life deliberately and prematurely without pain or discomfort .
So if the courts strike down lethal injection , where does that leave us ?
With the rope , the gun , the chair or the gas .
Were I doomed and given a choice of the existing methods , I 'd probably opt for the firing squad .
There 's a certain military glamour attached to it , for one thing .
I like to think I 'd forgo the blindfold and stand against that wall on a misty dawn , my chest thrust forward , my greatcoat flapping in the breeze and a cigarette dangling from my lips , gazing unconcernedly as the riflemen filed out to discharge their grim task .
( The reality of modern , bureaucratic firing squads , of course , is somewhat more prosaic .
You 're strapped into a chair and immobilized .
A hood is placed over your head , whether you want one or not , and even if you had the choice you 'd never see the guys who shoot you .
They 're behind a canvas screen , firing through gun slits .
The only nod to tradition is that one of them is given a blank . )
Death , however , may not be instantaneous .
Even with five .30 - caliber rounds slamming into your chest , you might end up bleeding to death , which I can only assume is an uncomfortable process .
There is no officer of the guard to administer the coup de grâce with his pistol .
More 's the pity .
Of the remaining methods , hanging is the oldest .
Having choked on a chicken bone once , I 'm quite sure I would n't enjoy that .
Besides , if the executioner is off by a hair on his weights and measures , your neck might not instantly break the way it 's supposed to and you could end up strangling to death .
In an extreme case , that could take as long as 45 minutes .
Cruel and unusual ?
I think that qualifies , yeah .
When you go to die in the gas chamber , you 're told to breathe deeply to speed things along .
Naturally , most inmates , being only human , do just the opposite .
Now they 're struggling , and they do n't pass out right away , and things just get downright unpleasant .
Unpleasant enough , anyway , for a federal judge in California to strike it down as cruel and unusual .
For the nonce , the Golden State relies on lethal injection to do the deed .
How about electrocution ?
" Let 's see .
If we strap the guy into a chair , attach electrodes to his head and leg and slam a couple of thousand volts through him for about 30 seconds , that should do the trick . "
Well , it 'll kill you all right , but only someone who can't count to " Eighth " would think that " riding the lightning " is remotely humane .
The condemned is literally broiled to death , or nearly to death .
( The attending physician has to wait for the body to cool down before checking for a heartbeat .
He often finds one , meaning they have to zap the poor sod again . )
The amount of vomit , drool and fecal matter typically expunged by the dying inmate – often accompanied by movements so violent that bones are dislocated – would seem to indicate some sort of negative reaction .
And that 's when things go smoothly .
When they do n't … well , remember Old Sparky ?
Just a warning , this ain't pretty .
Let 's face it .
All of these methods are deeply flawed .
All fail to pass muster with the Eighth Amendment .
So how about reviving some discarded classics , like drawing and quartering , or the guillotine ?
Umm , no .
Of all the ways to formally execute someone , drawing and quartering is probably the grossest violator of the Eighth Amendment .
Drawing and quartering is all about cruel and unusual punishment .
It was devised with cruel and unusual in mind .
Do n't believe me ?
Check this out .
And as for the guillotine , well ....
It was invented to be humane , to replace atrocities like drawing and quartering .
But , again , death might not be instantaneous .
Your head is lopped off in the blink of an eye , but you may well remain conscious for up to half a minute while your brain comes to terms with what the hell just happened .
Some physicians present at executions by guillotine have testified that the severed head remains responsive for a brief while .
Just nervous twitches ?
Who 's to say ?
So that 's not for me , either .
I do n't want to spend the last 30 seconds of my earthly existence being aware that I 'm 5 - foot - 1 instead of 5 - foot - 9 , you know ?
Actually , none of these methods , old or new , are very appealing .
We seem to be all out of options here .
Well , there is another possibility , one so obvious that I almost hesitate to suggest it .
Maybe the United States should rejoin civilization and just abolish capital punishment altogether .
- - -
Tony Long is copy chief at Wired News .
Oct. 3 , 1283 : As Bad Deaths
Go , It 's Hard to Top This
Sept. 10 , 1977 : Heads Roll for the Last Time in France
Execution of Minors Banned
Somewhere Deep Down , We Still Care .
Do n't We ?
RIAA Hits a Sour Note With Its File - Sharing Witch Hunt
Why Not Four Weeks of Working Per Year ?
George McFaul said he was ' very drunk ' at the time A civil servant who told fellow Tube passengers he was a Muslim suicide bomber during a drunken tirade has been jailed for 12 months .
George McFaul , a Ministry of Justice official , said to commuters they had one minute to live before his rucksack exploded , Southwark Crown Court heard .
But when the train arrived at King 's Cross station staff found he was drunk .
McFaul , 43 , from Walthamstow , east London , pleaded guilty to communicating false information in December 2007 .
After the Northern Line train pulled into King 's Cross station , McFaul was immediately surrounded by staff who took one look at the state he was in and decided there was no danger .
One of them then searched his rucksack , finding nothing more threatening than a paperback and a mobile phone , the court was told .
It was a joke that got out of hand
George McFaul Station supervisor Michael McKenna later told police that the passengers , who were still on the platform , were " angry and I had to keep them apart from him " .
Shortly after he was arrested he told one of the officers : " I was very drunk and I made that silly comment .
" It was a joke that got out of hand . "
Judge Nicholas Loraine - Smith said : " This was completely out of character for you and it has completely ruined your life . "
The court heard that McFaul not only lost the job he loved and would never get a similar one , but faced having to sell his house because he could no longer keep up the mortgage .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
When you purchase the fitness equipment , you also get a sheet of paper with a list of exercises to do .
No wonder you ’re frustrated and no wonder your equipment turns into another expensive clothes hanger .
Here is a solution for you .
For those of you who ca n’t or do n’t want to go to the gym but want a fast and effective workout , here are five steps that will get you to achieve the best results :
Step 1 : Spend some cash on dumbbells and bench
If you have got a few bucks available , then go to a fitness equipment dealer and purchase some dumbbells and an adjustable bench .
For a woman , start with 3’s , 5 ’s , 8 ’s , 10 ’s , 12’s , and 15 lb. db’s .
For a man , go for 50 ’s with the increment of 5 lb. for each db .
Step 2 : Set up your workout space
The most popular choice is the basement , while bedrooms are a distant second .
Whatever you choose will do , but the one thing you need to make sure of is that you are doing the exercise correctly .
Set a full length mirror in your workout room , it will help .
Step 3 : Set aside 30 minutes at least four times a week for strength training
You can also do workouts for 6 days ; just make sure that you are splitting up between your body elements for each day to work out .
For example , one day , do chest , back , biceps and calves and on the next day , do legs , triceps , abs and shoulders .
Use the same arrangements for the 4 - day workout .
You can also do them during daytime .
Step 4 : The db strength training routine
Here are the db exercises that helps to get the most muscles worked in less time :
Chest – db flat bench press
Hold the db’s and lie down on the bench .
Press your lower back into the cushion .
Lower your db’s so that they are next to your chest , then push up and in an arc until they are above your chest .
Feel the stretch at the bottom and also feel your chest muscles working as you go up .
Then lower and repeat it again .
Back – db bent over row
Hold the pair of db’s at your side when you stand up straight .
Pull your shoulders back , and stick your butt out as you bend forward .
Your back should be nice and flat .
When the upper body is parallel to the ground with your arms straight , then you are in the starting position .
Now , imagine yourself rowing a boat .
Make use of the action to drag your db’s up and back then towards the hips .
Then lower and do it again .
Biceps – db standing curl
Keep your arms straight and hold the db’s with palms facing forward .
Then place the arms at sides and raise the db by bending your elbows only .
Do n’t include your back and shoulder in it .
Bend the elbow and keep the arms straight .
Calves – Standing calf rise on basement step
Put your both feet on the step so that you can situate yourself on the balls of your feet .
In this position , maintain your legs straight , abs tight and butt tucked in .
then lower your heels to the ground by maintaining the tight position with the rest of your body .
Rise up as far as you can , up to the tippy toes .
Then lower and do it again .
Legs – db squat for guys and lunge for women
For the squat position : keep your db’s at the sides .
When you lower yourself , pretend you are sitting down on the chair .
You must stay on your heels .
Also , keep your torso tight for a great support to your spine .
You can push back yourself , when you feel bending too far ahead as you go down .
For lunges : Keep the db’s at your sides .
Keep your torso as stiff as a 2 × 4 then take big step forward with one leg .
Once your foot are planted , lower your hips so that you are about to touch the ground with your tailing knee , but actually you are not touching .
Move forward with your front leg .
Repeat all the sets with one leg before switching to the other .
Triceps –db triceps kickback
Come to a position of bent over row .
Keep the arms steady by raising them at your sides .
Then straighten your arms until they are straight as an arrow .
Slightly bend your elbows and then straighten your arms .
This step is the reverse action of db standing curl .
Shoulders – Standing db shoulder press
Stand straight and be tight to support your spine and lift the dumbbell until they are even with your ears .
The position must be in the straight line from your left elbow to your right elbow .
Drive the db’s over your head in an arc and make sure that you keep the db ’s moving above your head , but not in front .
Step 5 : Keep your attention on what you do , instead of what you have n’t done
Do n’t be discouraged when you ca n’t achieve your target workout .
For instance , if you do three workouts this week then keep your target as four for next .
Be honest with yourself , because it ’s you that matters .
Adjust your lifestyle so that you can achieve your goal .
Dude , Korea knows we 've been sending humans to do a robot's job for far too long already , and in a few short years the dangerous world of high rise construction could be left to the true masters of the craft .
By 2010 , the Korean Construction and Transportation Ministry hopes to have an almost completely automated construction process in place for high - rise projects that could cut labor costs by up to a third , project timelines by 15 percent , and reduce the number of construction - related injuries on these typically dangerous projects .
Of course , an inevitable robotic Jurgis Rudkus will be blowing the whistle on robotic working conditions shortly thereafter .
Still , civilization stands to benefit greatly from the accelerated completion of super - sized skyscrapers -- at least until the builders turn on us and convert us into human fuel cells .
One of Benazir Bhutto's more dubious legacies to Pakistan is the Prime Minister 's house in the middle of Islamabad .
The building is a giddy , pseudo - Mexican ranch house with white walls and a red tile roof .
There is nothing remotely Islamic about the building which , as my minder said when I went there to interview the then Prime Minister Bhutto , was ' PM 's own design ' .
Inside , it was the same story .
Crystal chandeliers dangled sometimes two or three to a room ; oils of sunflowers and tumbling kittens that would have looked at home on the Hyde Park railings hung below garishly gilt cornices .
The place felt as though it might be the weekend retreat of a particularly flamboyant Latin - American industrialist , but , in fact , it could have been anywhere .
Had you been shown pictures of the place on one of those TV game - shows where you are taken around a house and then have to guess who lives there , you may have awarded this hacienda to virtually anyone except , perhaps , to the Prime Minister of an impoverished Islamic republic situated next door to Iran .
Which is , of course , exactly why the West always had a soft spot for Benazir Bhutto .
Her neighbouring heads of state may have been figures as unpredictable and potentially alarming as President Ahmadinejad of Iran and a clutch of opium - trading Afghan warlords , but Bhutto has always seemed reassuringly familiar to Western governments - one of us .
She spoke English fluently because it was her first language .
She had an English governess , went to a convent run by Irish nuns and rounded off her education with degrees from Harvard and Oxford .
' London is like a second home for me , ' she once told me .
' I know London well .
I know where the theatres are , I know where the shops are , I know where the hairdressers are .
I love to browse through Harrods and WH Smith in Sloane Square .
I know all my favourite ice cream parlours .
I used to particularly love going to the one at Marble Arch : Baskin Robbins .
Sometimes , I used to drive all the way up from Oxford just for an ice cream and then drive back again .
That was my idea of sin . '
It was difficult to imagine any of her neighbouring heads of state , even India 's earnest Sikh economist , Manmohan Singh , talking like this .
For the Americans , what Benazir Bhutto was n't was possibly more attractive even than what she was .
She was n't a religious fundamentalist , she did n't have a beard , she did n't organise rallies where everyone shouts : ' Death to America ' and she did n't issue fatwas against Booker - winning authors , even though Salman Rushdie ridiculed her as the Virgin Ironpants in his novel Shame .
However , the very reasons that made the West love Benazir Bhutto are the same that gave many Pakistanis second thoughts .
Her English might have been fluent , but you could n't say the same about her Urdu which she spoke like a well - groomed foreigner : fluently , but ungrammatically .
Her Sindhi was even worse ; apart from a few imperatives , she was completely at sea .
English friends who knew Benazir at Oxford remember a bubbly babe who drove to lectures in a yellow MG , wintered in Gstaad and who to used to talk of the thrill of walking through Cannes with her hunky younger brother and being ' the centre of envy ; wherever Shahnawaz went , women would be bowled over ' .
This Benazir , known to her friends as Bibi or Pinky , adored royal biographies and slushy romances : in her old Karachi bedroom , I found stacks of well - thumbed Mills and Boons including An Affair to Forget , Sweet Imposter and two copies of The Butterfly and the Baron .
This same Benazir also had a weakness for dodgy Seventies easy listening - ' Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Old Oak Tree ' was apparently at the top of her playlist .
This is also the Benazir who had an enviable line in red-rimmed fashion specs and who went weak at the sight of marrons glace .
But there was something much more majestic , even imperial , about the Benazir I met when she was Prime Minister .
She walked and talked in a deliberately measured and regal manner and frequently used the royal ' we ' .
At my interview , she took a full three minutes to float down the 100 yards of lawns separating the Prime Minister 's house from the chairs where I had been told to wait for her .
There followed an interlude when Benazir found the sun was not shining in quite the way she wanted it to .
' The sun is in the wrong direction , ' she announced .
Her hair was arranged in a sort of baroque beehive topped by a white gauze dupatta .
The whole painted vision reminded me of one of those aristocratic Roman princesses in Caligula
This Benazir was a very different figure from that remembered by her Oxford contemporaries .
This one was renowned throughout Islamabad for chairing 12 - hour cabinet meetings and for surviving on four hours ' sleep .
This was the Benazir who continued campaigning after the suicide bomber attacked her convoy the very day of her return to Pakistan in October , and who blithely disregarded the mortal threat to her life in order to continue fighting .
This other Benazir Bhutto , in other words , was fearless , sometimes heroically so , and as hard as nails .
More than anything , perhaps , Benazir was a feudal princess with the aristocratic sense of entitlement that came with owning great tracts of the country and the Western - leaning tastes that such a background tends to give .
It was this that gave her the sophisticated gloss and the feudal grit that distinguished her political style .
In this , she was typical of many Pakistani politicians .
Real democracy has never thrived in Pakistan , in part because landowning remains the principle social base from which politicians emerge .
The educated middle class is in Pakistan still largely excluded from the political process .
As a result , in many of the more backward parts of Pakistan , the feudal landowner expects his people to vote for his chosen candidate .
As writer Ahmed Rashid put it : ' In some constituencies , if the feudals put up their dog as a candidate , that dog would get elected with 99 per cent of the vote . '
Today , Benazir is being hailed as a martyr for freedom and democracy , but far from being a natural democrat , in many ways , Benazir was the person who brought Pakistan 's strange variety of democracy , really a form of ' elective feudalism ' , into disrepute and who helped fuel the current , apparently unstoppable , growth of the Islamists .
For Bhutto was no Aung San Suu Kyi .
During her first 20 - month premiership , astonishingly , she failed to pass a single piece of major legislation .
Amnesty International accused her government of having one of the world 's worst records of custodial deaths , killings and torture .
Within her party , she declared herself the lifetime president of the PPP and refused to let her brother Murtaza challenge her .
When he persisted in doing so , he ended up shot dead in highly suspicious circumstances outside the family home .
Murtaza 's wife Ghinwa and his daughter Fatima , as well as Benazir 's mother , all firmly believed that Benazir gave the order to have him killed .
As recently as the autumn , Benazir did and said nothing to stop President Musharraf ordering the US and UK - brokered ' rendition ' of her rival , Nawaz Sharif , to Saudi Arabia and so remove from the election her most formidable rival .
Many of her supporters regarded her deal with Musharraf as a betrayal of all her party stood for .
Behind Pakistan 's endless swings between military government and democracy lies a surprising continuity of elitist interests : to some extent , Pakistan 's industrial , military and landowning classes are all interrelated and they look after each other .
They do not , however , do much to look after the poor .
The government education system barely functions in Pakistan and for the poor , justice is almost impossible to come by .
According to political scientist Ayesha Siddiqa : ' Both the military and the political parties have all failed to create an environment where the poor can get what they need from the state .
So the poor have begun to look to alternatives for justice .
In the long term , flaws in the system will create more room for the fundamentalists . '
In the West , many right - wing commentators on the Islamic world tend to see the march of political Islam as the triumph of an anti-liberal and irrational ' Islamo - fascism ' .
Yet much of the success of the Islamists in countries such as Pakistan comes from the Islamists ' ability to portray themselves as champions of social justice , fighting people such as Benazir Bhutto from the Islamic elite that rules most of the Muslim world from Karachi to Beirut , Ramallah and Cairo .
This elite the Islamists successfully depict as rich , corrupt , decadent and Westernised .
Benazir had a reputation for massive corruption .
During her government , the anti-corruption organisation Transparency International named Pakistan one of the three most corrupt countries in the world .
Bhutto and her husband , Asif Zardari , widely known as ' Mr 10 Per Cent ' , faced allegations of plundering the country .
Charges were filed in Pakistan , Switzerland , the United Kingdom and the United States to investigate their various bank accounts .
When I interviewed Abdul Rashid Ghazi in the Islamabad Red Mosque shortly before his death in the storming of the complex in July , he kept returning to the issue of social justice : ' We want our rulers to be honest people , ' he said .
' But now the rulers are living a life of luxury while thousands of innocent children have empty stomachs and can't even get basic necessities . '
This is the reason for the rise of the Islamists in Pakistan and why so many people support them : they are the only force capable of taking on the country 's landowners and their military cousins .
This is why in all recent elections , the Islamist parties have hugely increased their share of the vote , why they now already control both the North West Frontier Province and Baluchistan and why it is they who are most likely to gain from the current crisis .
Benazir Bhutto was a courageous , secular and liberal woman .
But sadness at the demise of this courageous fighter should not mask the fact that as a pro-Western feudal leader who did little for the poor , she was as much a central part of Pakistan 's problems as the solution to them .
· William Dalrymple 's latest book , The Last Mughal : The Fall of a Dynasty , Delhi 1857 , published by Bloomsbury , recently won the Duff Cooper Prize for History
When is a lesbian not a lesbian ?
When the person in question is a gay , Catholic , conservative blogger by the name of Andrew Sullivan , it would seem .
For when Sullivan was stuck for words on an American news discussion programme last week , he was confronted by the acerbic polemicist Christopher Hitchens .
" Do n't be such a lesbian , " intervened Mr Hitchens .
" Get on with it . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Sullivan paused .
Mr Hitchens looked to the floor .
And the MSNBC Tim Russert Show merrily continued with its analysis of the role religion and the preacher Jeremiah Wright have played in Barack Obama 's election campaign .
The internet has since exploded with speculation , mystification and more than a little anger regarding Mr Hitchens 's use of the L - word .
In an email to The Independent on Sunday , the commentator wrote : " Do n't know what came over me : the dear boy did suddenly seem extremely sapphic , yet I think my intuitions must have been scrambled all the same , since what I was actually thinking was : ' Andrew really wants to have Barack Obama 's fucking child ' .
Clearly some confusion of categories on my part . "
By TOM RAWSTORNE
Last updated at 10:21 07 March 2008
It was meant to be great family adventure - then 15 - year - old Scarlett MacKeown was left alone by her mother in Goa .
Days later she was dead .
Murder ... or a drunken accident ?
Here , her mother insists SHE was n't at fault .
As she tearfully retraced her teenage daughter 's last steps , Fiona MacKeown 's eye was caught by an object lying on the edge of the dusty track .
It was a leather sandal — nothing special — but its discovery started a chain of events that has sent shockwaves through a part of the world still regarded by some as a corner of paradise .
Fiona knew at once that the shoe belonged to her daughter , 15 - year - old Scarlett Keeling , whose body had been found on a nearby beach three days earlier .
Scroll down for more ...
The time of her life : Scarlett Keeling was enjoying her first trip outside Britain when tragedy struck
" I was so shocked to see the shoe just sitting there that I did a sort of double - take , " Fiona explained .
" It was just a Greek - type sandal , and I picked it up and I held it and looked at it , and there on the sole was the imprint of my daughter 's foot .
" I knew it was hers immediately .
She was my child .
I recognised not just the shoe but the mark of her foot . "
The discovery forced Fiona to accept that there was more to Scarlett 's death than she had been led to believe by police .
Following the discovery of her daughter 's body in Goa on the west coast of India , officers insisted that the girl had drowned after spending the night drinking herself insensible .
Although Fiona had struggled to accept that explanation , it was the discarded sandal that told her that something far more sinister was to blame for her daughter 's death .
A quick look around and there was the other shoe , its laces broken .
Nearby were Scarlett 's shorts and underwear .
Fiona contacted the British Embassy , went back to the police and has spent the past three weeks demanding that her daughter 's death be properly investigated .
Put bluntly , this mother - of - nine from Devon is convinced that Scarlett was first drugged , then raped , then murdered .
Then , either because police were involved in the attack or in an attempt to protect Goa 's tourist industry , the crime was deliberately covered up .
So far , 43 - year - old Fiona 's efforts have not been without success .
The case has hit the headlines both here and in India , shaming the authorities into belated action .
Scroll down for more ...
Unrepentant : Fiona MacKeown insists she did nothing wrong in leaving Scarlett behind while travelling elsewhere in India
Yesterday , a new autopsy was ordered — its findings almost certain to kick - start a criminal investigation .
But at the same time — inevitably , perhaps — Fiona and her family have found themselves exposed to the harsh spotlight of public scrutiny .
Internet forums discussing the case are awash with accusations that Scarlett 's mother bears some blame for her daughter 's fate .
" Yet another case of parents reneging on the responsibility of raising children , " is a typical comment .
" She left her 15 - year - old daughter alone while she was elsewhere .
How utterly irresponsible ! " reads another .
It is hard not to feel some sympathy with the comments being made , since on the day Scarlett died , her mother and the rest of her family were more than a hundred miles away .
They had headed off several weeks earlier to further explore this part of India , but Scarlett had n't wanted to leave the beach resort of Anjuna .
She had thrown a strop and ( incredibly irresponsibly , some would say ) her mum had given in .
And so it was that this young girl , raised in Devon and never before having travelled beyond outside of Britain , was left in the care of a 25 - year - old Goan tour - guide by the name of Julio .
" He was a hard - working young man who used to get up early and go to bed early , " says Fiona , by way of explanation .
" He was quite responsible and was caring for her . "
What Fiona did n't know , however , was that the guide and Scarlett were sleeping together .
And that when she needed him most , he would be nowhere to be seen .
Scroll down for more ...
Idyllic : But Anjuna beach is known to have a seedy underside
The laid - back beach bars and £ 5 - a - night hostels that provided a backdrop for the last days of Scarlett 's life must , on the surface , have seemed like a home from home for the teenager in terms of attitude and of philosophy .
For like the resort of Anjuna , birthplace of the hippy movement , Scarlett 's upbringing in the countryside close to Bideford in Devon had been anything but conventional .
" Back home , we live on our own land , we grow our own organic vegetables and fruit , we have chickens and we do n't eat very much meat because the children see the animals and do n't like to eat them , " said Fiona .
" We have water from a borehole in the ground and electricity from a generator to bring the water up .
That is it . "
All very New Age .
And it does n't stop there .
The MacKeown smallholding was home to ten people — mother and offspring ranging in age from five to 20 , of whom Scarlett was the third - oldest .
Although Fiona declines to go into details , the children were born to more than one father — none of whom currently appears to be involved in their day - to - day upbringing .
Until recently , all the children were home - educated .
Last year , however , Scarlett began attending the aptly - named Small School in nearby Hartland .
It has just 22 pupils and is a registered charity that seeks to achieve " a balance between the academic , the practical , the artistic and the spiritual " .
Given that mission statement , there was never going to be any problem taking Scarlett out of school for an extended holiday .
Despite her age , she had no immediate plans to sit her GCSEs and , anyway , says Fiona , " we had a computer that we borrowed and some school work to bring with us " .
The family chose Goa as their destination because Fiona 's current boyfriend , a man called Rob who lives in Cornwall , had been there previously .
" The trip was our Christmas present to ourselves , " explains Fiona , whose only income is the unspecified State benefits that she receives .
Scroll down for more ...
Family in grief : Fiona , Rob and their children in Goa trying to come to terms with Scarlett 's murder
" We decided to have an adventure instead of having a normal Christmas .
" The children had never travelled abroad before , and what with presents and everything , it was n't a lot more expensive than Christmas would have been anyway . "
Funded in part by the sale of one of the children 's ponies , the trip was initially planned to last six weeks .
The family left for India in November and , like the 200,000 Brits who go there every year , quickly fell in love with Goa 's hippy lifestyle .
" We 'd sleep in hammocks between palm trees and watch the dolphins when we woke up in the mornings , " says Fiona .
" It 's an amazing place . "
But for all its physical beauty and its peace - and - love past as a haven for hippies , Goa 's reputation today is more linked to the rave culture — to all - night parties and , most menacingly , to drugs .
Nowhere more so than in Anjuna , where the battle to control the lucrative narcotics trade is fought over by mafia factions from as far afield as Russia and Israel .
Hand - in - hand with organised crime goes corruption , with the local police force accused of taking back - handers and failing to investigate offences .
At the same time , the head - on clash between two very different cultures — the no-holds - barred consumerism of Western tourists and the poverty of the locals — has led to other tensions .
There has been a rash of attacks and sexual assaults perpetrated against visitors , few of which ever result in the perpetrator being brought to justice .
Of course , much of this unpleasantness goes on beneath the surface .
Fiona and her family certainly were n't put off by it , and as their tickets were valid for six months , they decided to extend their stay through January and beyond .
The trouble was that while Fiona wanted to travel and see more of the region , her daughter did not .
While in Anjuna , Scarlett had befriended the 25 - year - old local tour - guide , Julio .
She helped hand out tour flyers for him and , in return , got to accompany him on dolphin - watching trips and visits to waterfalls and the like .
Initially , Fiona insisted Scarlett come with her and her brothers and sisters as they set off to further explore the region , but after a week of teenage moods and misery , she relented and agreed that her daughter could go back to Anjuna .
Was it really wise to leave her there on her own ?
" She was not on her own , " insists Fiona .
" She was with Julio .
" He was like part of our family .
I had been to see where he lived and to meet his aunts .
They were lovely Catholic women who lived a very similar lifestyle to us .
" With their chickens and garden full of spices and vegetables , it was a really lovely atmosphere . '
But Scarlett was only 15 years old , and it was a foreign country .
" She was three months away from 16 , and in England that 's considered quite mature and you are allowed to have sex .
And she was a young lady growing up and she really wanted to do this work with him . "
But it was n't just work that Scarlett was interested in .
Although Julio had a girlfriend , and Scarlett a boyfriend back in Devon , it appears they became close .
An entry in Scarlett 's diary that her mother read after her death refers to an argument they had after Julio accused her of using him " for money and sex " .
While she clearly had n't seen that coming , the fact that Scarlett was sexually active was itself no surprise .
Back in Britain , Scarlett had gone on her own to a family planning clinic to get contraceptives .
Fiona says she was " OK about that " .
She was also aware that Scarlett had smoked cannabis in Devon — although she insists that she herself does not touch drugs and that it only happened once or twice as " Scarlett never really had the money to buy it or take it on a regular basis " .
In Goa , she admits , it was impossible to know exactly what Scarlett was getting up to .
But she does not think that her daughter was taking hard drugs or drinking , believing that she would have confided in her had that been the case .
Separated , Fiona relied on occasional phone calls to keep in touch .
Mother and daughter last spoke on February 17 .
On that day , Fiona informed Scarlett they were going to have to return to Britain shortly .
Fiona 's eldest son , Hal — the only one of her children who had not gone on the holiday — had been injured in a car crash in Britain .
On hearing of their imminent departure , Fiona says that Scarlett was delighted , " jumping with joy " , and it was agreed that the next day she would come and join the rest of the family .
But it was never to be .
On the morning of February 18 , Scarlett 's semi-naked body was found by locals on the beach .
The first Fiona knew of it was when a text came through that afternoon from Julio 's mobile .
It read : " Call me , it is urgent " .
Fiona recalls : " I thought it was Scarlett who had sent it , so I called .
" Julio answered and I said : ' Can I speak to her ?.
" He said no , that I could n't .
Julio could barely talk , he was so beside himself .
" I thought Scarlett must have been hurt , that she was in hospital after a motorbike crash .
' Please , ' I said , ' just tell me that she is alive ' .
" Julio said : ' No , I ca n't tell you that . '
I knew then that she was dead .
" I still thought she must have had an accident on his bike , and I was shouting at him : ' You have killed my daughter !
You have killed my daughter ' .
" He said : ' No , no .
She was found on the beach ' . "
The drive back to Anjuna took seven hours .
When Fiona arrived , police showed her a photograph of Scarlett and told her that she had been drinking heavily and had drowned .
Details of what happened in the hours leading up to her death remain vague .
What is certain is that Julio , feeling ill , had decided to stay at home that night .
In his absence , Scarlett had decided to go out with a Spanish girlfriend called Ruby .
They , in turn , had lied to Ruby 's brother , telling him they were going out with Julio .
According to police , they drank heavily that evening and shortly after midnight went their separate ways .
There were sightings at around 4 am of Scarlett leaving a bar with two men .
Witnesses said she was drunk and at one point was unable to stand .
According to the official version of events , some time after this she went swimming and drowned .
From the start , Fiona had her doubts .
Her daughter , she insists , was not a heavy drinker and certainly would not have gone swimming while drunk .
Then came the chance discovery of her shoes and her clothing .
Not only did it suggest that the incident had not been properly investigated , but also that there had been some sort of violent struggle .
Fiona demanded to see the autopsy report — which revealed scratches , bruises from a blunt weapon and the absence of water in Scarlett 's lungs .
Locals confided in her that a British tourist , who has since returned to this country fearing for his own safety , had subsequently told them that he had seen her being attacked .
Ten days after her death , Fiona demanded to see the body .
The injuries were worse than she had imagined , and she is now convinced that her daughter was raped and murdered .
After three weeks of hassling the authorities , today her concerns are finally being taken seriously in Goa .
She says that she has no time for anyone who criticises her decision to leave Scarlett , and adds that her main priority is to get her other children home safe and sound .
" There is someone out there who was prepared to murder my daughter , and we are obviously stirring up a hornets ' nest out here so , yes , I am worried , " she says .
In the meantime , she is focusing on getting justice for Scarlett , while remaining strong for her other children .
" I feel I have to show them that it is not right for people do this to each other , " she says .
And as she attempts to come to terms with this tragedy , she tries to console herself with the fact that Scarlett had at least been happy in the days before her death .
" I came across some postcards she had written but not sent , " she reveals .
" They said that Goa was ' unbelievable ' and that she was having ' the best time of her life ' . "
The Gaza Strip has been a focus for recent violence The Palestinian Islamist movement , Hamas , has proposed a six - month " period of quiet " in Gaza , which it says could then be extended to the West Bank .
Former Palestinian foreign minister Mahmoud Zahhar said the truce would have to be mutual and include the lifting of an Israeli blockade of Gaza .
But an Israeli government spokesman dismissed the proposal as a ruse to allow Hamas to " re-arm and re-group " .
Meanwhile , two Israeli security guards have been shot dead in the West Bank .
The Israeli military said the men were screening workers at the Nitzanei Shalom industrial zone , near the northern town of Tulkarm , when a Palestinian militant approached them , opened fire at close range and then fled .
The industrial zone , which contains five Israeli - owned factories that employ local Palestinians , is located on the Palestinian side of the West Bank barrier .
The Israeli government condemned the shooting as a " clear example of extremism and terrorism by those seeking to foil any prospects for advancing peace " .
Hamas and the Islamic Jihad militant group said they had carried out the attack jointly .
An Islamic Jihad spokesman told the Associated Press the gunman had been lightly wounded .
UN aid deliveries halted Mr Zahhar , a senior Hamas leader in Gaza , announced his group 's proposal for a conditional truce at talks with Egyptian intelligence chief Omar Suleiman in Cairo .
Mr Suleiman has been the main point of contact between Hamas and Israel .
There would be no need for Israel 's defensive actions if Hamas would cease and desist from committing terrorist attacks on Israelis
David Baker
Israeli government spokesman
" The truce must be mutual and simultaneous and the blockade must be lifted and the crossing points opened , " Mr Zahhar said , adding that this included the Rafah crossing between Gaza and Egypt .
Rafah has mostly been closed since Hamas seized control of the Gaza Strip in June , though Palestinian militants temporarily breached the crossing earlier this year , allowing hundreds of thousands of Gazans to buy food and other essentials .
Mr Zahhar said the truce " could be expanded to the West Bank and would be set at six months " and that Palestinian factions would be invited to discuss the proposal next week by the Egyptian mediators .
Hamas had previously said that a truce should begin at the same time in both Gaza and the West Bank .
Mr Zahhar added that it was now up to Israel whether or not to approve the ceasefire , saying " the ball is in the Israeli court " .
If Israel does not comply , " then it will be our right to defend our people in all legitimate ways " , he warned .
Israel says it reserves the right to protect its citizens by military action
The Israeli government , however , dismissed the offer .
" Hamas is biding time in order to re-arm and re-group , " Israeli government spokesman David Baker told the Reuters news agency .
" There would be no need for Israel 's defensive actions if Hamas would cease and desist from committing terrorist attacks on Israelis . "
Gaza has been a focus of recent violence , with the Israeli military carrying out raids to target Hamas members , while Hamas has fired rockets at nearby Israeli towns .
Israel has all but sealed off the Gaza Strip since Hamas took control of the area .
On Thursday , the UN said that it had halted humanitarian assistance operations in Gaza because it had run out of fuel for its vehicles .
Israeli sanctions imposed in an attempt to curtail rocket fired by Palestinian group Hamas have caused shortages , but Israel says Hamas is preventing fuel distribution .
More than 80 % of Gaza 's population relies on aid , with UN food hand - outs going to about 1.1 million people - many them children .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
April 27 , 2008
Now that we have the neocons attempting to sell us on the dubious prospect of a Syrian nuke , the corporate media is stepping up the propaganda , same as they did in late 2002 prior to the invasion of Iraq .
For instance , the Telegraph is pushing the following :
One of the most terrifying possibilities the world faces is that al - Qa’eda , or some other Islamist group , gets hold of a nuclear bomb .
Islamist terrorists are certainly trying to obtain one : Osama bin Laden has issued a document entitled “ The Nuclear Bomb of Islam ” , which insists it is “ the duty ” of Muslims to acquire a nuclear bomb in order to use “ as much force as possible to terrorize the enemies of God ” .
In 1998 , Osama bin Laden supposedly released a “ pamphlet ” calling for Muslims to obtain nuclear material because “ it is the duty of the Muslims to prepare as much force as possible to terrorize the enemies of God . ”
On the one hand the corporate media tells us the Iranians are having a difficult time enriching uranium and on the other they have told us for nearly a decade now al - Qaeda may develop a nuclear bomb , no doubt from a cave in Afghanistan .
Interesting how the Telegraph piece appears a couple weeks after Charles Allen , Undersecretary for Intelligence and Analysis and Chief Intelligence Officer at the Department of Homeland Security , and Rolf Mowatt - Larssen , the director of Office of Intelligence and Counterintelligence for the Department of Energy , appeared before a congressional committee on nuclear terrorism .
According to Allen and Mowatt - Larssen , nuclear experts and scientists “ may have joined Al - Qaida years ago , long before the world began paying adequate attention to the proliferation of the kinds of technologies that could yield a terrorist nuclear weapon , ” reports NDTV .
“ Al - Qaida ’s nuclear effort would be just as compartmented and probably would not require the involvement of more than a small number of operatives who carried out 9/11 , ” declared Mowatt - Larssen .
He was sure to include mention of the above “ pamphlet ” calling for a Muslim bomb .
After painting a dire scenario of a 10 kiloton nuclear bomb going off in a western city , reducing it to a “ weird moonscape which Berlin had become by the end of World War Two , after almost a year of Allied bombing raids , ” the Telegraph tells us the Israelis were keen on deterrence when they supposedly bombed Syria ’s “ not for peaceful means ” nuclear facility last September , and that is “ why the rest of the world acquiesced in the destruction , which broke international law and had no United Nations resolution . ”
It is also why the US continues to send signals to Iran that it will not oppose , indeed might even join in , any attempt by Israel to hit Iran ’s fledgling nuclear facilities : sending precisely that signal must have been at least part of the point of last week ’s very public announcement that the Israeli raid on Syria ’s putative nuclear bomb factory had been successful .
Indeed , “ putative ” is the correct adjective , as there is absolutely no evidence Iran is in the process of making a nuclear bomb .
All of this is simply more bull crackers designed to crank up the fear and soften up the public for an inevitable attack launched against Iran and possibly Syria , the former target promised by top neocon Norman Podhoretz before Bush leaves office .
It is no mistake Podhoretz made this promise from Israel .
Moreover , Podhoretz cornered Bush at the Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York in early 2007 and pushed the neocon mass murder plan against Iran .
“ The president has said several times that he will be in the historical dock if he allows Iran to get the bomb .
He believes that if we wait for threats to fully materialize , we ’ll have waited too long – something I agree with 100 % , ” the Times Online quoted Podhoretz as saying .
So hot on the idea is the neocon godfather , he wrote a book entitled : World War IV : The Long Struggle Against Islamofascism .
Back to the Telegraph :
If Iran builds a nuclear bomb factory , you can be sure that Israel will try to destroy it .
You can also be sure that , when it happens , the rest of the world will not object .
Some of us will object , especially after reading the PNAC documents , specifically Rebuilding America ’s Defenses : Strategies , Forces , and Resources For a New Century , written in 2000 , and calling for Iran to be confronted .
On October 8 , 2007 , Mohamed ElBaradei , the head of the IAEA , dismissed the main argument used by the neocons when he said “ I have not received any information that there is a concrete active nuclear weapons program going on right now . ”
ElBaradei ’s statement and neocon assertions to the contrary have resulted in a long and uneasy stalemate .
Now we have the corporate media attempting to break through the log jam and move the attack on Iran and Syria along .
In fact , the attack on Syria , oddly resurfacing now , was a dry run for what will happen on a much larger and more deadly scale in Iran .
It is well known that Syria ’s radar is superior to Iran ’s and Israel apparently had no trouble defeating Syria ’s radar .
For the neocons , now is the time to raise the specter of al - Qaeda and nukes as this illusion can be rolled up and served as a pretext for the upcoming attack against Iran because most Americans are unable to tell the difference between a Sunni al - Qaeda and Shia Iran — they ’re all Muslims , after all , never mind Iran has attempted to work with the United States against al - Qaeda on several occasions .
“ Governments , however , are not always able to control all their members , ” the Telegraph concludes .
“ Some members of the Iranian administration might not be deterred by the prospect of nuclear armageddon ( indeed , some seem to welcome it ) .
Which means that the only way to keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of terrorists it to keep them out of the hands of national governments who might give them to terrorists … .
If Iran builds a nuclear bomb factory , you can be sure that Israel will try to destroy it .
You can also be sure that , when it happens , the rest of the world will not object . ”
In other words , Iran will give al - Qaeda the bomb , never mind Iran considers al - Qaeda a terrorist group and has arrested al - Qaeda members ( read : CIA operatives ) and has put them on trial for crimes against the Islamic Republic , according to the BBC .
Not that it matters , as the corporate media does the bidding of the neocons at every turn ( see video here ) .
For some time now they have beat the war drums , accusing both Iran and Syria of providing the “ insurgents ” in Iraq with weapons and explosives , and even throwing al - Qaeda in the mix .
Of course , this is intentional , as al - Qaeda will once again be used , this time clutching nukes provided by Iran or Syria , as an excuse to take out Iran and Syria , priority targets of the neocons and the Israelis — most of the time , there is no difference between the two — targets of increasing urgency as the Bush presidency winds down .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
There were about 150 inmates , many of them staring our way .
We were older ; we were the only whites .
We joined them on one side of the open room .
As names were called , prisoners were obliged to acknowledge their presence and shift to the opposite wall .
I parroted some of the others , using the Shona word “ ndiripo ” when my turn came .
The gesture drew some cheers and applause .
It seemed an icebreaker , and before the session was over , we were being tutored in how to say “ mangwanani , ” or good morning .
Prison movies had made me fear predation .
But the inmates were instead a forlorn lot , a fair selection of Harare ’s downtrodden , people who ’d once had decent jobs and who’d now been reduced to scrounging and worse .
Two of the more personable ones were car thieves .
Only because their families were starving , they said .
Two others , Donald and Lancelot , were accused of poaching after cutting the hindquarter off a deer that had been hit by a bus .
We mingled easily , swapping stories and comparing bug bites .
Most were in a worse fix than we were .
None said they ’d been beaten ; they were n’t political types .
But few had lawyers — and many were jailed without their families knowing .
This had dismal implications .
The jail provided prisoners no food .
If no one knew you were there , no one knew to bring you something to eat .
At breakfast , Stephen and I were allowed downstairs and pointed toward a well - stuffed wicker bag .
The empathetic wife of the British ambassador had personally overseen preparation of our first meal .
Sandwiches of bacon and eggs were triple - wrapped to hold their warmth .
Tea , coffee , cocoa and sugar were packed in little bags to use with a thermos of hot water .
There were juice boxes , soda cans , chocolate bars , hard candies and breath mints .
Neither of us had much appetite , but we were enormously grateful .
Thwarted as journalists , we now had renewed purpose .
We could feed the hungry .
A Deadline Looms
It was a Friday , and Fridays held a fateful deadline .
If we did n’t get bail , we ’d be locked away all weekend .
We were relieved to be sent back to Law and Order , where we again found Beatrice Mtetwa , our lawyer .
The night before , I had wanly told her that the case against me seemed hopelessly open - and - shut .
I had written articles , and anyone who Googled my name with “ Zimbabwe ” would have all the proof that was needed .
She harrumphed at that , insisting that even a simple database search was beyond the technical expertise of the Harare police .
The prospect of finding extraterrestrial life is no longer the domain of science fiction or UFO hunters .
Rather than waiting for aliens to come to us , we are looking for them .
We may not find technologically advanced civilizations , but we can look for the physical and chemical signs of fundamental life processes : “ biosignatures . ”
Beyond the solar system , astronomers have discovered more than 200 worlds orbiting other stars , so - called extrasolar planets .
Although we have not been able to tell whether these planets harbor life , it is only a matter of time now .
Last July astronomers confirmed the presence of water vapor on an extrasolar planet by observing the passage of starlight through the planet ’s atmosphere .
The world ’s space agencies are now developing telescopes that will search for signs of life on Earth - size planets by observing the planets ’ light spectra .
( And Other Ideas To Avoid Being Treated Like a Criminal )
As of July 2006 , the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) has sued over 20,000 music fans for file sharing
in just under three years .
In 2004 , the Motion Picture
Association of America ( MPAA ) joined this misguided , anti-consumer crusade .
Filing lawsuits against anonymous " Doe " defendants , the RIAA and MPAA seek to uncover the identities of P2P users and force them
to pay thousands of dollars in settlements .
Many innocent individuals are being caught in the crossfire .
While there is no way to know exactly what the RIAA and MPAA are going to do or who they are going to sue , users of publicly - accessible P2P networks can take the following steps to reduce their chances of being sued :
Either :
Make sure there are no potentially infringing files in your shared folder .
This would ordinarily mean that your shared folder contains only files 1 ) that are in the public domain , 2 ) for which you have permission to share , or 3 ) that are made available under pro-sharing licenses , such as the Creative Commons license or other open media licenses , and
Remove all potentially misleading file names that might be confused with the name of an RIAA artist or song ( e.g. , " Usher " or " Madonna " ) from your shared folder
Or :
Disable the " sharing " or " uploading " features on your P2P application , if your application allows it ( see below ) .
We hate this option -- it blocks your non-infringing sharing , and it does n't get us any closer to a real solutionthat gets artists paid while making file sharing legal .
But , at the moment , it does appear that turning off sharing will reduce your chances of becoming a lawsuit target .
This can usually be accomplished in the " Options " or " Preferences " of your P2P application by removing all shared directories and sometimes setting an explicit option not to
share files or to allow zero uploads .
The specific method will vary depending on your P2P application , but looking at a few examples can give you the general idea .
EFF suggests ( but cannot guarantee ) the following links for instructions ( you can also try Google searches for ( " turn off sharing " + the software 's name ) : University of Chicago 's resources : http://security.uchicago.edu/peer-to-peer/no_fileshare.shtml
Duke University resources : http://www.oit.duke.edu/helpdesk/filesharing/steps.html
share files or to allow zero uploads .
The specific method will vary depending on your P2P application , but looking at a few examples can give you the general idea .
Note :
Not all clients allow you to turn off " sharing . "
If you use software such as BitTorrent and eDonkey ( as well as related clients like Azureus and eMule , respectively ) , you will automatically be uploading whatever you are currently downloading .
In eDonkey , these files may appear in search results and thus become visible to the MPAA and RIAA .
In BitTorrent , you must connect to a BitTorrent " tracker " to download a file , and your Internet address is visible to anyone else -- including the MPAA or RIAA -- connected to that tracker .
In these instances , you may be at greater risk .
Additional Considerations :
Operating a public BitTorrent tracker that connects users to infringing material may put you at greater risk of being sued .
The risk appears to increase with the number of connected users , the number of infringing files associated with the tracker , and the apparent availability to the general public .
If you run a public tracker , being vigilant in removing potentially unauthorized files is advised .
The RIAA has targeted subpoenas at users who allow their computers to be " Supernodes " on the FastTrack P2P System ( used , for instance , by KaZaA or KaZaA Lite ) .
In order to further reduce the risk of having your ISP subpoenaed or of being sued yourself , we recommend that you make sure your computer is not being used as a Supernode .
To learn more about Supernodes and how to make sure your computer is not one , look here : Disabling the Supernode function with KaZaA ( PDF 331k ) .
The RIAA and MPAA have sued college students for using publicly - accessible file sharing networks , including systems like i2hub .
However , with one particularly notable exception , the RIAA and MPAA have not targeted users downloading or uploading music over closed , college campus intranets -- in other words , students sharing with other students at the same school over the school 's own network .
Tracking intranet infringements is practically more difficult , though not necessarily impossible .
Similarly , the RIAA and MPAA have not targeted file sharing through instant messaging systems , closed networks such as WASTE ( http://waste.sourceforge.net/), and other sharing tools in which users can limit access by third - parties .
What if I 've Already Been Sued ?
If you receive notice that your ISP has been subpoenaed for your name and address or if you have already been sued , consider contacting EFF or www.subpoenadefense.org, where you can find information about how to defend your privacy and a list of attorneys willing to help .
Contact your ISP and ask the people there to notify you immediately if they receive a subpoena seeking your identity .
These links may provide helpful information :
If you receive a cease and desist letter from the RIAA , consider contacting Chilling Effects , where EFF and several law school clinics are creating a gallery of cease and desist letters along with basic information about the claims being made and your rights online .
Want a solution that gets artists paid while protecting P2P file sharing ?
We do too !
Join or donate to EFF and :
Beijing had threatened to withdraw the residence permits of the two German journalists if they failed to comply with the demand .
The move has been widely condemned by journalists ' organizations and human rights groups .
Georg Blume , a correspondent for the German weekly Die Zeit , and Kristin Kupfer , a reporter for the Austrian weekly Profil and the German news service epd , left the Tibetan capital Lhasa on Thursday , Mar. 20 .
Ramping up military presence
Georg Blume was one of the last foreign reporters still in Lhasa , the Tibetan capital
Blume reported seeing large military convoys moving near Lhasa shortly before his departure .
" One convoy was about two kilometers long and contained about 200 trucks , each having 30 soldiers on board .
So that 's about 6,000 military personnel in one convoy , " he told the AFP news agency .
A separate source , who asked not to be identified , told AFP : " Lots of security forces are on the streets .
We can see Chinese security going door to door .
It 's very tense . "
The expulsion of foreign journalists from Tibet is at odds with Beijing 's pledge in January to allow foreign reporters more freedom ahead of the Olympic Games , which open in five months .
After the outbreak of protests in Tibet last Friday , the Chinese leadership prohibited foreign journalists travelling to or remaining in the province , citing reasons of safety .
At the same time , it criticized the western media for biased reporting of the events there .
Contravening Olympic agreements ?
The human rights organization Reporters Without Borders criticized Beijing 's actions .
The group said it knew of over 40 cases in which journalists ' work had been impeded by security forces , who had tried to stop filming , confiscate photographs and cordon off streets .
The suppression of the protests in Tibet sparked worldwide demonstrations
Spokeswoman Katrin Evers said it was apparent that the Chinese authorities did not want anyone from outside to witness what was going on in Tibet .
She accused China of once again breaking its promise to allow foreign journalists more freedom of movement ahead of the Olympic Games .
The German Journalists Federation ( DJV ) referred to a glaring violation of press freedoms .
" Journalists have to have the opportunity to move around and report without interference , " said DJV spokesman Hendrik Zoerner .
Search warrants and federal affidavits unsealed Thursday show that a high - end prostitution business in Denver was operating out of a house in City Park West and an apartment south of Coors Field .
Employees and the owner of Denver Sugar / Denver Players have not been arrested , despite an 18 - month investigation that includes interviews with former employees and the seizure of the owner ’s cash , financial records and computers .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Dave Gaouette said the investigation continues and would not say when an arrest may take place .
“ There is nothing else we can comment on , ” Gaouette said .
Brenda Lynn Stewart , the 32 - year - old owner of Denver Sugar / Denver Players , declined to comment when contacted Thursday .
The search warrants were served in January at Stewart ’s home in the 1300 block of Monaco Parkway and at one of the alleged prostitution locations in the 1600 block of Fillmore Street .
Affidavits filed by Internal Revenue Service special agent Chad Eichelberger show that Stewart told an undercover informant that she had been an escort for 10 years before she started her business .
Clients of Denver Sugar / Denver Players paid about $ 300 an hour for sex acts , the court records say .
Agents seized notebooks , business cards and phone lists that include client names .
Escorts have told 9 News that clients included people in prominent positions .
One of Stewart ’s employees told investigators that she worked three nights a week , saw three to four customers a night and earned between $ 200,000 to $ 300,000 in the two years she worked for Denver Sugar / Denver Players .
The affidavits say that Stewart took one - third of the escorts ’ fees but that her tax returns did not reflect the income .
Felisa Cardona : 303-954-1219 or fcardona@denverpost.com
As some of you may know , we just launched the alpha version of our product – EndorseYou
People have written that startup and family life do not mix but no one offers real advice for people that want to try .
It ’s been a crazy ride so far to say the least .
But after having spent some time on this , I have a fair idea of what needs to be done to balance the three .
So here goes …
Here are some things I follow that will help you as well .
Make sure you read each of these carefully .
— Decide on when you will spend time on each of the three and do that meticulously day in and day out .
In my case , I know that my job takes away the weekday working hours of my life .
So what ’s left is evenings and weekends .
I have each day planned out in terms of how much time I spend with my family and how I will allocate time to the startup .
— Know that you cannot do the startup alone .
Either you need partners or you need to hire employees .
In my case I have a team of 4 excellent and hardworking people working for my company in India .
And the team is going to grow so these people will soon become leaders which will hopefully keep them motivated .
— Know your limitations and plan for those in advance .
I think I am a great developer myself .
But I know given my schedule , I cannot spend time developing the whole thing myself .
So I spend more time on the product and my team works on the development and I just review code .
That frees up my time a lot to look at the big picture , define the product spec and the long term goal for the product .
— Communicate , communicate , and communicate again .
Communicate with your family .
There will be times that you will need to spend more time on your startup .
Make sure you let your family know so they are not surprised that you cannot make it to the ski trip you had planned with the family .
Communicate with your partners and employees so they know what to expect and have adequate direction .
Over -communicate , and then over - communicate again .
— Control your emotions .
If something went wrong with your startup the previous night , do n’t let that affect you at work the next day .
Leave that behind .
If you had a fight with your boss , do n’t take that out on someone else .
Especially for startups , you ’ll see that you have an emotional high one day when you did your product release and the very next hour you ’re thinking what ’s next .
Learn to easily jump from one tone to another – learn to control your emotions .
— Help your family see the big picture .
Explain why your startup is so important to you .
More importantly , explain why this is so important to your family in the long run .
Explain how you will have more time for them later when this succeeds .
Garner their support because without that your success is not possible .
— Re-assess from time to time .
Do n’t just keep going on .
Set some time aside to re-assess how you are doing , for your startup , for your family and for work .
It does n’t matter if this is when you are taking a shower or waiting for a hair - cut .
And write down what you need to improve on and act on it immediately .
— Understand your work limitations .
It would be physically too taxing for you to work hard at your startup and push that extra bit at your job .
Know that one of them will have to take a little bit of a back seat .
It does not always have to one or the other , be creative .
Sometimes it ’s a bit longer at work , sometimes you have to make sure you leave work at work and not bring it home so you can spend time on your startup .
— Do n’t procrastinate .
–
Now this is standard advice but in this case , you just cannot .
You have to act on it and you have to act on it right away .
Whether it be solving that important bug in your startup , or dealing with a work emergency or making sure you go plan well to that important family event .
If you have procrastination issues , fix those first before you decide to jump in .
— Make a commitment .
In the end , you have to really want to do this and be committed to take it all the way .
You should not have any doubt in your mind .
If you are stern , your brain will find a way to be creative and work out of difficult unplanned situations .
But if you are not committed , this will not last too long and you will falter somewhere ( and most likely you will falter every where – in your work , your family life and your startup ) .
— It ’s not the end of the world – have fun .
There will be days when things will go wrong at work , at your startup and you will have a fight with your spouse .
But the next day , get over it .
Fix it and move on .
If there are problems , have fun in solving them .
You chose this life for yourself – remember ?
It ’s not the destination , it ’s the ride .
It will teach you a lot about yourself on the way and do n’t forget to cherish the failures as much as the success .
Good luck – and if I can help you with any specific answers , feel free to contact me .
I am still answering customer service emails for EndorseYou so you can find the email address on our contact page .
Earth Day tips :
How to go green without going broke
Jennifer Armentrout is a committed environmentalist and a mother of four children who is so afraid for the future of the planet and concerned about the quality of life in her city that she has formed her own group , Sustainable Living in Houston , to champion her causes .
Armentrout feels the need , especially on Earth Day today , to be green , to do her part to shrink her carbon footprint .
But like many others , she finds it easier said than done .
Economics force her to live in the suburbs where she can afford a house for six .
Her husband commutes 35 miles round - trip .
She drives an SUV to shuttle the kids .
She wants an on - demand water heater , but it 's expensive .
And even if they had the money for solar panels , the homeowners association does n't allow them .
So , what can the average green Joe or Josie , the ones who are lead to believe shrinking the footprint is their responsibility , realistically do ?
Change their light bulbs .
Recycle .
Slow down .
" If we drive like a granny , basically , we can get 400 miles out of a tank of gas , instead of 300 miles , " said Armentrout , who recently learned the value of easing off the accelerator .
Her husband now goes at least a week between fill - ups of his Pontiac Vibe .
The family also composts .
The children carry their lunches in organic cotton bags , reusable sandwich wraps and stainless steel bottles .
Armentrout uses vinegar to clean around the house .
She buys organic meats , fruits , vegetables and personal hygiene products ; she avoids plastics and heavy packaging .
" If I recognize the ingredients ( on a shampoo bottle or toothpaste tube ) , then I 'm more likely to buy it , " she said .
" But it 's more expensive . "
Weekly grocery trips now cost as much as $ 300 .
What 's more , the children 's bottles cost $ 15 each .
The washable wraps cost $ 5 each .
But Armentrout said the expenses can be made up over time .
To do more , however , would be difficult .
On - demand water heaters cost roughly $ 1,500 , and solar panels go for considerably more .
Saving energy
LaVerne Williams , a noted Houston architect , designs environmentally friendly houses .
There are some practical things people can do , but he acknowledged the expense of going green .
For example , Williams recently designed the first house in Austin to meet the U.S. Green Building Council 's Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design standards for about $ 150 a square foot of covered space .
The house covers about 5,300 square feet , including roughly 2,300 square feet of roofed porches , walkways and outside work and storage areas .
The roof is made of metal , which allows the homeowners to harvest rainwater for indoor and outdoor use .
The house also has 16 solar panels .
The utility bill : $ 17 a month .
The cost of the house : about $ 800,000 .
For existing homes , Williams advises people to focus on eliminating energy waste before adding solar panels .
They should seal air leaks inside and add ivy - covered trestles outside to create shade for the house .
" You need to look beyond the moment , " he said .
" How much do you want to reduce the burden on future generations ?
Practical is where people should start , but they need to go beyond practical .
They have to be willing to sacrifice . "
Still , the dollars are daunting for many , Armentrout said .
" So many think they need to do everything or nothing at all , " she said .
" But that does n't make sense .
Every little thing you do can help . "
Recycling and light bulbs
Armentrout often tells neighbors that if every household in the northwest suburb of Cy - Fair recycled one trash bag , or roughly 15 pounds , for one week , the amount of trash would be reduced by roughly 1,800 tons .
Her family now is down to one bag of trash a week , she said .
Other simple acts , such as changing incandescent light bulbs to fluorescent bulbs and using double - pane windows , allow people to reduce energy use without changing their lifestyles , said Ramon Alvarez , an Austin - based scientist for the Environmental Defense Fund .
" Individually , we 're talking small changes , " he said .
" But when you 're talking about millions of homes , it really adds up .
In Texas , if we used energy more efficiently , we could essentially eliminate the need for new power plants altogether . "
matthew.tresaugue@chron.com
1 of 8 View Caption
Portions of Wells , Nev. , crumbled in the early morning hours on Thursday as a magnitude 6.0 earthquake hit just 5 miles west of to The seismic activity from Wells , Nev. , on a Helicorder print at the University of Utah 's seismic station .
Seismologist Relu Burlacu looks over the seismic activity from Wells , Nev. , on a Helicorder print out at the University of Utah's Emergency crews board up store fronts in Wells , Nev. , following an early morning earthquake .
Portions of Wells crumbled in the ear Scott Taylor , casino manager for the 4 Way Casino in Wells , Nev. , overlooks the slot machines that came toppling down following th Vince Shamblin helps out with damage to an old bookstore in the town of Wells , Nev. , after a 6.0 magnitude earthquake hit the regi Vince Shamblin helps out with damage to an old bookstore in the town of Wells , Nev. , after a 6.0 magnitude earthquake hit the regi
Download Download
Stephen Colbert finds a bit of a logic flaw in the Clinton campaign claim that what matters most in the head to head for the Democratic nomination is that she 's winning the big states .
Barack Obama has a big problem here .
Sure , he ’s winning a lot , but they ’re just little states , like Maryland , Washington and Illinois .
Hillary , Hillary is winning all the big states and everybody knows that if you win the big states in the party primary , you automatically win them in the general election .
For example , did you know that the Democrat who won the Texas primary went on to win Texas in the general election in every one of the last eight elections ?
Therefore , Hillary will naturally win Texas in the general election .
Now I ’m not saying that Hillary Clinton does n’t face some challenges , after all , John McCain won Texas in the Republican primary , which means by the same logic McCain will also win Texas in the general election .
And folks , thanks to electronic voting , that might be possible .
As for the states that neither Hillary nor McCain won in the primaries , I assume they will simply cease to exist .
Now , the Obamamaniacs out there are saying , “ Oh but Stephen , he won 26 states to her 16 ; he ’s leading in the popular vote . ”
But , it ’s not how many votes you get , it ’s the geographic boundaries that contain those votes .
Getting ten million votes in one state is way better than getting twelve million votes split between 2 states .
So if Obama wants to compete , he ’s going to have to win some big states , but there ’s only one big states left : Pennsylvania .
So his only chance here his only chance is to start making big states out of the small states he ’s already won
The US government says it wants airlines and cruiseliners to take biometric data from foreigners leaving the country under new plans aimed at fighting terrorism and illegal immigration .
Since January 2004 , immigration services have taken a photo and fingerprints from each foreigner entering the United States to identify those using a false name and to stop terrorists , drug traffickers or illegal immigrants .
More than 90 million prints have already been collected , but under a proposed law announced by the minister of homeland security today , the system would be expanded to every foreigner leaving the country by sea or air .
OMITTING or deciding against annealing can be a costly shortcut .
You may never have to anneal a case , but if you do , it ’s easy .
A cartridge designer once gave me a short , necked case he ’d formed from a longer rifle case .
He had not annealed it before he necked it down .
The new neck was the upper part of what had been the body of the original cartridge .
He had trimmed away the original neck and at least part of the shoulder .
He may have loaded and fired it but not more than once ; he may have resized it once more .
But before he got around to loading it again , the entire neck split in several places and peeled back in curled strips .
I ’ve since used the body of that case as a ferrule for a file handle .
I wish I ’d saved it to show you what omitting a necessary annealing can cost in terms of case life .
He ’d put a lot of work into shortening , necking , and reaming expensive cases .
In neglecting to anneal them , he ’d shortened their useful life to just one loading .
Unfortunately , many who modify cartridge cases both fear and ignore annealing , and others either hurry it too much or overdo it .
Short case life , sometimes even canceled case life is the result of both misunderstandings of how important annealing can be and how to anneal the appropriate portions of cases properly .
Annealing leaves the neck , the bullet - gripping portion of the case , soft enough to be cold - worked several times — by firing , then by resizing , again and again — but another annealing may become necessary later .
Knowing when it ’s necessary to anneal and how to do it — especially how not to overdo it — marks the expert former of custom cases .
It ’s not so hard to understand , and it ’s dog - simple to do right , so there ’s no good reason to do it wrong or to omit doing it at all .
Case necks sometimes need to be annealed again , to extend their useful life after a long succession of firings and resizings have work - hardened them .
When case necks start to split , the rest of that batch of cases may need to be annealed again .
Case necks , shoulders , and sometimes their upper bodies often have to be annealed before the case gets drastically modified .
One drastic case modification that requires annealing is familiar to most wildcatters — necking the case up or down by more than one caliber step or by more than one die will re-form it — necking the .30 - 06 down to smaller than .270 or .280 or up to larger than 8 mm , for example .
Another drastic modification is re-forming the case body to substantially smaller or larger diameters — swaging a case with a nearly cylindrical body , a shoulder , and a neck down to a long taper , for one example — or blowing a tapered case out to nearly cylindrical .
Remember , cases come annealed enough to accommodate the moderate up - down working of several repeated firings and resizings .
Below the neck , on the shoulder and upper body , the softness from annealing fades gradually to the hardness range of the lower body and base .
The farther down the case it ’s necessary to reshape it — up or down , larger or smaller — the more it needs further annealing .
Shortening a case so drastically that part of the shoulder or the upper body becomes the new case neck always requires annealing to make the originally harder shoulder or upper body soft enough to be a good case neck .
If this shortening of the case also includes necking the old shoulder or upper body radically up or down , annealing that portion of the case becomes even more critical to long case life and good performance .
Extra working of the neck — from either the small but repeated reworking in a lot of firing and shooting or the single drastic renecking to a larger or smaller caliber — hardens the brass and shortens the working life of the case .
Annealing gives a tired case a new start , if you do n’t wait too long to do it .
Neck annealing is often advisable if not necessary whenever you form a case neck to another caliber , as handloaders of most wildcat cartridges know .
But we often form cases for one factory cartridge into the shape of another factory cartridge to make a custom case .
This re-forming cold - works the brass , making it harder and more brittle .
Annealing softens the neck , to offset the cold - working and to retain the resilience of softer brass .
If the neck is to stay the same , but the body is to be blown out , annealing usually is n’t necessary unless the expansion of the body is radical .
The body , once you ’ve expanded it , does n’t have to be expanded again .
But the neck gets worked up and down with every firing and resizing .
The expanded body is n’t stretched tight over anything , either .
But the neck of a loaded case is stretched tight over a bullet .
It ’s under a stress that does n’t affect the hardness of the brass in the shoulder or the body .
You can re-form new brass that ’s never been sized or loaded , without having to anneal it ( the factory annealing is enough ) , if
forming it to the new shape does n’t work the neck ( or neck and shoulder ) drastically
you ’re re-forming only the annealed area of the case ( the neck , or the neck and shoulder ) .
Brass that ’s been loaded and fired again and again , has sat around for years , or has been passed along from one handloader to another probably ought to be annealed before it ’s re-formed for use as a different cartridge .
Proper annealing seems so ticklish , some handloading experts flatly advise against it — but they ’re usually not wildcatters , so they get along with factory brass and see annealing only as a means of restoring resiliency to the necks of tired cases .
Also , too much of what has long been printed about annealing has sired and reared a family of false ideas that have led handloaders to ruin a lot of good brass by too much or too little annealing .
Buying new ready - formed brass is n’t always a practical option , even for some well known factory cartridges .
It ’s almost never an option for the fellow who wants to load wildcat or obsolete cartridges .
So , despite some otherwise worthy advice , the need for annealing can be inevitable if the brass is to be fit for handloading .
And for storage — brass inadequately annealed can split sitting in the box , if it sits around for a while before you call it up to active duty .
But overannealed brass is just as thoroughly ruined — this probability is what lies behind the experts ’ concern about amateurs ’ annealing their cases .
Overannealing is a double danger .
Only the neck , shoulder , and upper body can be safely annealed at all .
The rest of the case must retain its original hardness .
The head in particular has to be hard — which is why the manufacture of good brass requires enough draws to work - harden the head .
The head ( especially ) ca n’t be safely softened , so the annealing absolutely must be confined to the other end — a process that ’s ticklish enough with a case as long as the .30-06 and immeasurably trickier with most handgun cases and very short rifle cases .
A manufacturer friend of mine has to import his brass , and there are n’t many places he can get the particular brass he needs .
He had to reject the entire shipment from one foreign company — annealed from end to end , those cases were as soft in the head as they were in the neck .
( I ’m inclined to suspect that the fellow who made ’em was , too . )
In days of yore , we riflemen who loaded .30 - 06 brass ( both “ straight and modified every way except with pleats and ruffles ) were especially happy if we found a supply of FA Match brass ( GI brass made to closer than usual tolerances , at Frankford Arsenal , for GI match loads ) .
In March of 1957 , a neighbor came back from Camp Perry with a suitcase or seabag full of once - fired .30 - 06 cases , headstamped FA 57 MATCH , and gave me several hundred of them .
That early in the year , they had to be all from the same batch or lot , too .
I gave Elmer Keith one or two hundred for his .333 OKH and his first Africa safari .
The rest were supposed to be my lifetime supply for my Iver Henriksen .35 Whelen .
I started loading what I knew were reduced loads , very mild stuff , but got scary signs of excessive pressures .
I reduced my loads even more but still got the same high - pressure alarms .
Reducing the charge again , to produce little more than a low - smoke , low - recoil belch , did no good either .
Iver Henriksen , who ’d built the rifle for me , extended the throat a little — no change .
Case heads still expanded enough to make the primer pockets loose — some too loose to hold primers at all .
After months of fret and frustration , we found that the case heads were too soft .
FA
Match brass was the best there was , so we had n’t once thought of it as a possible source of the problem .
I do n’t know how much longer we would ’ve puzzled over the cause of my “ excessive pressures — if we had n’t learned from some outside source that early 1957 Frankford Arsenal match brass was flawed .
The explanation we got from somewhere was that to streamline case production , Frankford Arsenal had developed a process for making .30 - 06 brass with one draw fewer than the traditional process .
Omitting that one draw had left the brass soft — the new manufacturing process had n’t work - hardened it enough .
Safe enough for one firing , those cases were too soft in the head to be reloaded more than once .
The effect of omitting one draw was the same as annealing the head of the case .
Any annealing of the head is too much .
But the neck is easy to overanneal , too — get it too hot , which makes it too soft , and it ’s too weak to grip the bullet as tightly as it should .
There ’s no good reason to fear annealing .
It ’s easy enough and safe enough for anyone who ’s willing to be reasonably careful doing it .
I should n’t have to say this , but experience and observation have shown that I have to say Do n’t have powder , primers , ammo , lighter fluid , gasoline , or the like anywhere near .
Murphy ’s Law is right , as far as it goes , that whatever can go wrong will go wrong at the most inopportune time .
But Murphy was a Pollyanna .
Howell ’s Law is more realistic : whatever can’t possibly go wrong will go wrong sooner or later .
If you plan to anneal by the old slap - dash , lick - and - a- promise methods that rely on heating the brass to the right shade of blue , practice first on ruined and junk cases before you try to anneal any you do n’t want to ruin .
Use cases with mouth cracks , enlarged primer pockets , incipient or partial head separations , or Berdan primers if you do n’t want to load them , or those oddball cases you picked up here and there and never planned to load anyway .
Pick up occasional cases for cartridges you do n’t shoot , when other shooters leave them behind .
Clean and polish them so you can see when the brass changes color with the steep heat you ’re going to turn on them .
Killing the polish with too much heat tells you you ’ve gotten the case too hot .
A few paragraphs later , I ’ll describe my annealing method — easy , accurate , dependable , consistent , inexpensive , convenient — which completely obsoletes the often - described but inadequate methods of holding brass in molten lead or standing cases in a pan of water , heating them to the right shade of blue , and tipping them over in the water .
Here are the principles of annealing cases :
If you do n’t get the brass hot enough to change its grain structure , you ’ve wasted your time .
If you get it too hot , you ’ve ruined the case .
The range of temperatures between these two points is narrow , so you need close control of heat and an accurate way to tell when it ’s right .
A large flame or a wide spread heats too much area too slowly .
A single small flame with a sharp tip is necessary , to direct and confine the heat to the area to be annealed .
A hot , hot flame gets the neck end up to the right heat quickly enough to keep the base end from getting too hot .
A “ hot enough ” flame is n’t hot enough .
“ Too hot ” is right .
A heat sink ( heat absorber ) on the head helps protect this critical area from heat that roams downward while the neck heats up to the annealing temperature .
A comfortable , convenient case holder must protect your flesh from heat and allow you to quench the cases quickly when they reach annealing temperature , and to replace them easily with the next case to be annealed .
The neck end of the case must be annealed evenly all around , so it must turn in the flame ( preferably ) or be surrounded by a ring of flames directed inward .
When the neck end of the case gets hot enough for the grain structure of the brass to change , the case has to be cooled down all the way , at once .
you do n’t get the brass hot enough to change its grain structure , you ’ve wasted your time .
If you get it too hot , you ’ve ruined the case .
The range of temperatures between these two points is narrow , so you need close control of heat and an accurate way to tell when it ’s right .
A large flame or a wide spread heats too much area too slowly .
A single small flame with a sharp tip is necessary , to direct and confine the heat to the area to be annealed .
A hot , hot flame gets the neck end up to the right heat quickly enough to keep the base end from getting too hot .
A “ hot enough ” flame is n’t hot enough .
“ Too hot ” is right .
A heat sink ( heat absorber ) on the head helps protect this critical area from heat that roams downward while the neck heats up to the annealing temperature .
A comfortable , convenient case holder must protect your flesh from heat and allow you to quench the cases quickly when they reach annealing temperature , and to replace them easily with the next case to be annealed .
The neck end of the case must be annealed evenly all around , so it must turn in the flame ( preferably ) or be surrounded by a ring of flames directed inward .
When the neck end of the case gets hot enough for the grain structure of the brass to change , the case has to be cooled down all the way , at once .
Here are the principles of annealing cases :
If you do n’t get the brass hot enough to change its grain structure , you ’ve wasted your time .
If you get it too hot , you ’ve ruined the case .
The range of temperatures between these two points is narrow , so you need close control of heat and an accurate way to tell when it ’s right .
A large flame or a wide spread heats too much area too slowly .
A single small flame with a sharp tip is necessary , to direct and confine the heat to the area to be annealed .
A hot , hot flame gets the neck end up to the right heat quickly enough to keep the base end from getting too hot .
A “ hot enough ” flame is n’t hot enough .
“ Too hot ” is right .
A heat sink ( heat absorber ) on the head helps protect this critical area from heat that roams downward while the neck heats up to the annealing temperature .
A comfortable , convenient case holder must protect your flesh from heat and allow you to quench the cases quickly when they reach annealing temperature , and to replace them easily with the next case to be annealed .
The neck end of the case must be annealed evenly all around , so it must turn in the flame ( preferably ) or be surrounded by a ring of flames directed inward .
When the neck end of the case gets hot enough for the grain structure of the brass to change , the case has to be cooled down all the way , at once .
I prefer to anneal cases before I modify their forms , especially if their new shape is going to be drastically different from the original .
Some handloaders neck their cases up or down , or force the shoulder back , then anneal them before they load them .
The more I ’m going to change them , the more I like to anneal them before I reshape them .
If I ’m only slightly necking them up or down , without changing the shoulder , I can probably anneal either before or after I cold - work the brass ( which does harden it a bit ) .
Quick , uniform , consistent application of high heat is the key to good annealing .
There ’d better not be a live primer in the primer pocket .
You just do n’t know how hard you can jump or how wide your eyes can pop until you ’ve cooked off a rifle primer in a small room .
A friend of mine who did — and knows — and is n’t going to forget anytime soon — is emphatic about this .
If the base of the case is clear , it becomes a launching pad for that rocketing primer , which you may not see again unless you ask the doctor to save it for you after he digs it out of your eye .
There ’s also a good reason for making sure there ’s not even a spent primer in the case you ’re heating .
Annealing comprises not just one but two main steps — heating and quenching .
A spent primer blocks the flow of air or water through the primer vent when you drop a heated case into the quench water .
I ’m not sure this does any harm , but I like to have the primer vent free , just in case the free flow of air or water through it helps make the quenching neat and consistent .
Also , if there ’s a “ spent ” primer in the case , it might turn out to be a live one when I least expect or can take much excitement .
When the brass around the mouth reaches a temperature of about 660° to 665° Fahrenheit ( about 350° Celsius , which equals 662° Fahrenheit ) , its surface becomes light blue — and this is as hot as you want to let it get .
If you let the color run too far toward the other end of the case , you can ruin the head by making it too soft .
If you let the color on the neck go beyond light blue , and the shine disappears , you ’re on the thin edge of ruining the case , and you may already have gone too far .
If you let the case get red , it ’s a goner .
Ignore published “ expert ” ( but totally wrong ) advice that tells you to heat it red - hot .
Squeeze the mouth with pliers , and you ’ll see how soft it is .
Remember two things : shine and light blue .
Anything further is too much — and even these , too far below the shoulder , mean too much heat .
But depending on getting the color just right is too loose and iffy to suit me .
I prefer and recommend relying on something more dependable than personal color perception .
The most reliable case thermometer I know is a 650° or 660° F temperature - sensitive crayon ( called a “ temp stick , ” usually ) .
More on this in a bit .
Some writers recommend using a small gas torch .
Others like a pot of bullet metal to heat case necks , but the hot , small flame of a torch is the only heat source you can rely on to give you the quick , local heat you need for selectively annealing the neck — and maybe the shoulder and upper body — without heat - softening the base .
The high heat is not just better than the lower heat — it ’s the only practical heat .
The torch also offers one critical advantage over the pot : lead puts out poisonous fumes at 900° Fahrenheit .
High heat brings the neck and shoulder up to annealing temperature quickly , while the base end is still safely cooler ; lower heat lets the base end get too hot while the neck and shoulder are getting just hot enough .
Therefore , safe neck annealing takes high heat and a surprisingly short time — and he who dawdles over it ruins cases .
High heat is necessary to protect the base , but its rapid heating of the neck and shoulder risks overannealing the neck .
You ca n’t depend on feeling the heat at one end to tell you when it ’s right at the other end .
When you feel uncomfortable heat transmitted to your thumb and fore - finger through the brass , you may have already ruined the other end of that case .
Some people ’s fingertips can tolerate a lot of heat , others little or none , so your wince - and - swear threshold is a poor way to tell when the case is adequately annealed but not overdone .
Temperature - sensing crayons allow close temperature control .
Any well stocked welding supplier has them or knows where to get them .
McMaster - Carr stocks two kinds , and I hope a few handloader suppliers like Huntington ’s will stock them if there ’s enough demand for them .
The mark made by one kind of crayon melts at the rated temperature , plus or minus one degree .
The other kind leaves a yellow mark that changes to red - brown at the rated temperature and tolerance .
The 650 °F crayon , which melts at about 10 °to 15 °F below annealing temperature , is Number 3261K449 in my old McMaster - Carr catalog , at a nominal price of $ 7.80 ( I say “ nominal ” price because McMaster - Carr charges the price that ’s current when you order — sometimes less , sometimes more , usually close ) .
Be sure to specify “ crayon ” when you order — McMaster - Carr also sells 650 °F temperature - sensing pellets under the same catalog number .
These pellets are for other applications and are n’t adaptable to case annealing .
The 660 °F crayon changes color at approximately the correct annealing temperature ( within two degrees or so ) .
Its catalog number is 5960K71 , its nominal price $ 6.20 in my old catalog .
Both crayons come with aluminum pocket holders .
( After this discussion appeared in my book , a number of readers reported that they ’d had a hard time getting the temp stick to leave a mark on their cases .
The trick is simple — begin heating the case , then mark it with the crayon while it ’s warm — but not hot enough to anneal yet . )
Which crayon is better ?
For annealing only a short area such as just the neck and not much lower on the case , the 660° color - change crayon is probably better , technically ( for a mark at the lower edge of the area to be annealed ) .
When the color changes a bit lower down , the upper neck should be just about the right amount hotter .
Annealing a longer area — neck , shoulder , and upper body , say — means there ’s a wider range of temperatures between the mouth of the case and the lower edge of the annealing area .
The 650° melting crayon allows a range of about 10° to 15° Fahrenheit .
You could use this crayon to mark the lower edge of the area to be annealed , or the other crayon to mark the upper portion of the annealing area .
If I were you , I ’d get one of each type of crayon and evolve my own system with whichever crayon I liked better .
You may well find one type of crayon better for annealing some cases and the other better for other cases .
And one pair of eyes may see one crayon mark change color more easily than they see the other mark melt and run , while the latter mark may be easier for another pair of eyes to see .
Try both .
There may come a day when the type you prefer is worn out , lost , or not available soon enough for some important annealing you want to do right now .
The simple , convenient annealing system I favor uses the threaded locking stud and appropriate shell holder from a Lee case trimmer to grip the base of the case , both for twirling the case in the tip of the flame and for absorbing any heat that may reach the base of the case while I ’m annealing the other end .
I like to have at least a handle on the shaft of the Lee case trimmer ’s locking stud , but no handle is really necessary — just a nice touch .
The handiest thing I ’ve found is an old - fashioned hand drill .
My son got a cheap and chintzy one at a swap meet for a quarter , and it is n’t worth even that much for drilling .
But it ’s just the ticket for twirling a case in the tip of a flame , so I guess it ’s worth more than a quarter after all .
Or , if you prefer a high - tech version — at the 1994 SHOT show , Ken Oehler suggested chucking the locking stud in an electric screw - driver .
I ’d thought of chucking it in an electric drill , but I had abandoned that idea , because the faster speed of the drill would most likely make the crayon mark hard or impossible to see well enough .
Ken Oehler ’s idea of using an electric screwdriver is worth looking into .
I ’ve never used an electric screwdriver , but the idea seems good to me — if I ever want anything fancier than the old hand drill .
( Ken often comes up with good ideas .
He makes the Oehler — pronounced like Taylor without the T — chronographs and personal ballistics system . )
I thread the shell holder onto the stud , insert a crayon - marked case in the shell holder , tighten the stud into the shell holder to grip the rim of the case ( it does n’t have to be tight ) , and twirl the neck of the case to let the tip of the flame heat the neck all the way around , at or just above the middle of the neck ( or where the eventual neck will be ) .
An alternative method is to thread a bronze - bristle bore - scrubber brush of the same caliber as the case neck ( or slightly larger ) into a section of a jointed cleaning rod or directly into a wood ( preferably ) or plastic handle — or best of all , chuck it in a hand drill or electric screwdriver .
If you do n’t have a hand drill or electric screw - driver , a swiveling handle and a short pistol - length section of cleaning rod is just about perfect , especially if the handle is plastic and therefore has to be protected from the heat .
Thrust the brush into the neck of the case you ’ve polished and marked with the appropriate temp - sensor crayon .
When the polished brass is the right shade of blue , the crayon mark will melt or change color in response to the heat .
Shove the case immediately into cold water , pull the case off the brush , and set it aside to dry .
Or drop it into the water if it still feels hot .
Do n’t use the mouth - support method ( the brush ) if you can set yourself up to use the base - support method ( the Lee shell holder ) , especially if you ’re annealing a long section of a short case .
Two extreme cases leap to mind — annealing the .32 Auto case before forming it to the .22 Flea , and annealing the .45 Auto case before forming it to Bo Clerke ’s superb .38-.45 Auto .
For either of these and for a host of others less critical , the only safely workable method is one that absorbs as much as possible of the heat that reaches the base before the annealing area gets hot enough .
Try annealing either of these by holding it in the heat with your thumb and forefinger , and you ’re sure to wind up with some combination of a hot but unannealed neck , a heat - softened base , and finger blisters .
If you use the brush and have only a plastic handle for it , be sure to cool the brush thoroughly with each case you quench , or heat buildup will melt the plastic .
The older RCBS wooden handle was far superior to the prettier plastic handles now current .
( Lyman still sells wooden handles , I think . )
If you anneal a lot of cases , especially if you anneal them far below the shoulder , get a wooden file handle from Brownell ’s and adapt it to hold your bronze brushes .
Use a good - sized container for your quench water .
A bunch of hot cases , even little ones , can heat up a bucketful of tap water faster than you might think it could .
If you plan to load them soon , dry them thoroughly with a jet of compressed air .
Make sure no droplet of moisture remains in the primer vent .
The absence of a primer is obviously an asset here too .
###
________________________
On the same day he trashed The New York Times on his blog for covering petty and completely meaningless tabloid stories ( and nominated Peggy Noonan for a Pulitzer Prize ) , NBC's Brian Williams runs a 2 + minute " report " on the latest " controversy " surrounding teen superstar Miley Cyrus and the pictures Annie Leibovitz took of her for Vanity Fair magazine .
Download Download
MediaBloodhound notes that Williams spent almost twice as much time on this nonsense than he did on the landmark Supreme Court voting rights case decided yesterday .
What 's more , Williams and NBC poorly handled those eighty whole seconds they allocated to the Supreme Court ruling on voter IDs .
They not only failed to present one dissenting viewpoint - whether from a Supreme Court Justice , legal scholar , civil rights lawyer or voters in Indiana - but also to point out how this ruling will impact the upcoming primary in Indiana , where , as the Associated Press reported yesterday , " more than 20 percent of black voters do not have access to a valid photo ID . "
Glenn wants to know , What Liberal Media ?
C&L's Jamie Holly weighs in :
I think the ones who look at that picture as sexual are the ones we should be concerned about .
Of course Drudge had this headline Sunday night :
UPDATE : Glenn has a " response " from Brian Williams to the Pentagon propaganda story , something Williams and the entire elite media has refused to cover .
Did n't know that cameras also took 10 years off your age .
蜂の子は古くから栄養価がすぐれていることが知られており、現代では食用というより、健康食品として摂ることが増えています。
しかし蜂の子に含まれている成分については、知っているようで知らないことも多くあります。
そこで蜂の子に含まれている栄養素についてご紹介します。
蜂の子に含まれているアミノ酸
蜂の子といえば必須アミノ酸がバランス良く含まれていることで有名です。
必須アミノ酸以外にもうま味成分として知られる、グルタミン酸やアスパラギン酸が多く、食べておいしいこともよく知られています。
知られていない非必須アミノ酸の役割
蜂の子に多く含まれているグルタミン酸とアスパラギン酸は、小腸粘膜の消化吸収に必要なエネルギー源となるアミノ酸です。
グルタミン酸は体内で一定の濃度を保つ必要があるため、食事からとったグルタミン酸は消化吸収のエネルギー源として主に使用され、血中に入ることはほとんどありません。
腸管の消化吸収に必要なエネルギーの半分以上は、食事由来のグルタミン酸とアスパラギン酸で補われています。
またグルタミン酸やアスパラギン酸のようなうま味成分をとると唾液や胃液、膵液の分泌が促進されるため、タンパク質の消化吸収の準備を整える役割があると考えられています。
グリシン、ロイシン、プロリンについて
蜂の子に多く含まれているアミノ酸では、その他にグリシン、ロイシン、プロリンがあります。
グリシンは甘味のあるアミノ酸、ロイシンは苦味のあるアミノ酸です。
グリシンは睡眠を誘発する機能があると考えられています。
またロイシンは必須アミノ酸でもあり、ロイシン・バリン・イソロイシンの3つのアミノ酸はBCAAと呼ばれ、筋肉に必要なエネルギー源です。
プロリンはコラーゲンに多く含まれるアミノ酸で、プロリンを多く含むコラーゲンやゼラチンは美容を意識する女性たちの間で人気があり、意識的にとる人も多い成分です。
蜂の子はアミノ酸スコア100を示したとされる報告があります。
そのため蜂の子は動物性のタンパク質源と変わらない、良質なタンパク質源だと考えられています。
蜂の子とビタミ ン
蜂の子は成長するためにビタミ ンB群を必要とするため、ビタミンB群がバランス良く含まれています。
ビタミ ンB群の中で特に多いのがナイアシン、ビタミンB1、B2です。
体内でのビタミ ンB群の役割
ナイアシンやビタミンB2は糖質、脂質、タンパク質の代謝に必要不可欠なビタミンで、ビタミンB1は炭水化物からエネルギーを作りだすために使われます。
ビタミ ンB群は代謝ビタミンと呼ばれることがあるほど、栄養を代謝しエネルギーを作り出すのに重要な役割を担っています。
ビタミ ンB群は失われやすい
ビタミ ンB群は水溶性の性質があるため、尿から排泄されやすいビタミンです。
体内だけでなく食品中でも長期保存や加工によって失われてしまうため、加工食品をとりすぎていると不足し がちな栄養素です。
またビタミンB群はストレスの多い生活や不規則な生活、多飲多食などでも体内から失われてしまうため、率先して摂取したい栄養素です。
あまり知られていませんが、蜂の子には有用な栄養素が含まれています。
サプリメントとして加工されている蜂の子商品も、現在では多く流通しているため、ぜひ日々の栄養を補うために上手に活用してみてください。
参考URL
蜂の子で免疫力が高まるメカニズム
http://www.sobuensen.rash.jp/immunity.html
聞こえのトラブルに蜂の子サプリ
http://tirol.mints.ne.jp/2005natumaturi.html
蜂の子はストレスを和らげる効果がある！
https://www.10xshooters.com/calculators/Rifle_Recoil_Calculator.htm
蜂の子の栄養成 分
https://www.z-valley.com/clusters/transport/
QUITO ( Reuters ) - Ecuador ’s president accused the CIA on Saturday of controlling many of his country ’s spy agencies , in comments that could fray ties with Washington and drag it into Ecuador ’s feud with neighboring Colombia .
Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa makes a statement to the media after his meeting with Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva at Planalto Palace in Brasilia March 5 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jamil Bittar REUTERS / Jamil Bittar
President Rafael Correa has fired a top intelligence officer and plans to overhaul spy agencies for belatedly informing him about links between Colombian rebels and an Ecuadorian who died in Colombia ’s raid inside Ecuador last month that sparked a regional crisis .
“ Many of our intelligence agencies have been taken over by the CIA , ” the leftist leader said during his weekly radio show .
“ Through the CIA , information found here was passed to Colombia to improve their position ” in the dispute .
Correa also charged the United States with financing some officers in the Ecuadorian spy agencies .
U.S. Embassy spokesman in Quito Arnaldo Arbesu declined to comment on the charges but said , “ We are always willing to work with the Ecuadorian government in any type of issue . ”
Correa , whose popularity has rebounded for his handling of the dispute and is an ally of U.S. foe Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez , is a critic of U.S. foreign policy in Latin America .
He has called President George W. Bush worse than Satan , and once vowed to cut off his own arm before renewing a lease that allows U.S. troops to use a key anti-drug air base .
The March 1 raid , which killed a Colombian rebel leader and more than 20 other people , raised the threat of war after Ecuador and Venezuela briefly sent troops to their borders with Colombia .
Nerves quickly calmed during a regional meeting a week later .
Correa said he hoped the diplomatic spat would be over soon , but warned of legal actions against Colombia for the killing of the Ecuadorian citizen who was in the rebel camp .
Correa added that Ecuador ’s decision to sue Colombia in international court over Colombia ’s anti-drug spraying along its border was in response to the raid .
The suit filed on Monday has once again strained relations between the neighbors who share a 400 - mile border often crossed by rebels fighting a four - decade war against the Colombian government .
Update :
The issue has been resolved .
See update at the bottom of the post .
In August 2004 , I reverse engineered Apple ’s AirTunes protocol and released JustePort , the first non-Apple application to enable streaming to the AirPort Express .
Because of my work , Rogue Amoeba was able to develop their $ 25 AirFoil application – a much more user friendly tool for streaming to the AirPort Express .
I did n’t have any problems with this – I released JustePort as open source so that others could build similar applications by learning from my source code .
What I did not particularly like though was the product page for Airfoil , claiming “ It ’s not just for iTunes anymore ” .
This misleading statement , suggesting that Airfoil was the first tool of its kind and that Rogue Amoeba did the hard work to enable non-Apple streaming to the AirPort Express , has since been removed from the Airfoil product page .
I was reading Rogue Amoeba ’s blog today and noticed that they ’ve released a Linux version of their Airfoil Speakers application .
Airfoil Speakers is a complimentary application to AirFoil that implements the server part of the AirTunes protocol .
By installing Airfoil Speakers on a computer ( e.g. your home theater PC ) you can stream audio to it using Airfoil from another computer .
The release of the Linux version of Airfoil Speakers piqued my curiosity so I downloaded it and had a look .
It uses .NET and requires mono .
I downloaded the Windows version as well and it shares the core with the Linux version .
I ran AirfoilSpeakers.exe ( MD5 : 82b7ef8c05958ccb6e24289c8b21a27c ) from the Windows version through monodis to see if I could find anything interesting .
I came across this :
.namespace AirfoilServer .
AirTunes
{
.class private auto ansi beforefieldinit Utility
extends [ mscorlib ] System .
Object
{ // method line 853
. method public static hidebysig
default void LeReverse ( unsigned int8 [ ] arr , int32 index , int32 length ) cil managed
{
// Method begins at RVA 0x104b6
// Code size 16 ( 0x10 )
. maxstack 8
IL_0000 : ldsfld bool [ mscorlib ] System .
BitConverter::IsLittleEndian
IL_0005 : brfalse.s IL_000f IL_0007 : ldarg.0
IL_0008 : ldarg .1
IL_0009 : ldarg.2
IL_000a : call void class [ mscorlib ] System .
Array :: Reverse( class [ mscorlib ] System .Array , int32 , int32 )
IL_000f : ret
} // end of method Utility :: LeReverse // method line 854
. method public static hidebysig
default void LeReverse ( unsigned int8 [ ] arr ) cil managed
{
// Method begins at RVA 0x104c7
// Code size 11 ( 0x b )
. maxstack 8
IL_0000 : ldarg.0
IL_0001 : ldc.i4.0
IL_0002 : ldarg.0
IL_0003 : ldlen
IL_0004 : conv.i4
IL_0005 : call void class AirfoilServer.AirTunes.Utility :: LeReverse( unsigned int8 [ ] , int32 , int32 )
IL_000a : ret
} // end of method Utility :: LeReverse // method line 855
. method public static hidebysig
default void RijndaelDecrypt ( unsigned int8 [ ]
Buf , in t32 Offset , int32 Count , unsigned int8 [ ]
Key , unsigned int8 [ ] IV ) cil managed
{
// Method begins at RVA 0x104d4
// Code size 80 ( 0x50 )
. maxstack 5
.locals init (
class [ mscorlib ] System .
Security .
Cryptography .
Rijndael V_0 ,
class [ mscorlib ]
System.IO.MemoryStream V_1 ,
class [ mscorlib ] System .
Security .Cryptography.ICryptoTransform V_2 ,
class [ mscorlib] System.Security.Cryptography.CryptoStream V_3 )
IL_0000 : call class [ mscorlib ] System .
Security .
Cryptography .
Rijndael class [ mscorlib] System.Security .Cryptography .Rijndael :: Create ()
IL_0005 : stloc.0
IL_0006 : ldloc.0
IL_0007 : ldc.i4.1
IL_0008 : callvirt instance void class [ mscorlib ] System .
Security .Cryptography.SymmetricAlgorithm::set_Mode(valuetype [ mscorlib]System.Security.Cryptography .CipherMode )
IL_000d : ldloc.0
IL_000e : ldc.i4.1
IL_000f : callvirt instance void class [ mscorlib ] System .
Security .
Cryptography.SymmetricAlgorithm::set_Padding(valuetype [ mscorlib]System.Security.Cryptography .PaddingMode )
IL_0014 : newobj instance void class [ mscorlib ] System.IO.MemoryStream::.ctor ( )
IL_0019 : stloc.1
IL_001a : ldloc.0
IL_001b : ldarg.3
IL_001c : ldarg.s 4
IL_001e : callvirt instance class [ mscorlib ] System .
Security .
Cryptography.ICryptoTransform class [ mscorlib]System.Security.Cryptography.SymmetricAlgorithm::CreateDecryptor( unsigned int8 [ ] , unsigned int8 [ ] )
IL_0023 : stloc.2
IL_0024 : ldloc.1
IL_0025 : ldloc.2
IL_0026 : ldc.i4.1
IL_0027 : newobj instance void class [ mscorlib ] System .
Security .Cryptography .CryptoStream::.ctor(class [ mscorlib ]
System.IO.Stream , class [ mscorlib ] System .
Security .
Cryptography.ICryptoTransform , valuetype [ mscorlib] System.Security.Cryptography.CryptoStreamMode )
IL_002 c : stloc.3
IL_002d : ldloc.3
IL_002e : ldarg.0
IL_002f : ldarg.
1
IL_0030 : ldarg.2
IL_0031 : ldc.i4.s 0x10
IL_0033 : div
IL_0034 : ldc.i4.s 0x10
IL_0036 : mul
IL_0037 : callvirt instance void class [ mscorlib ] System .IO.Stream :: Write ( unsigned int8 [ ] , int32 , int32 )
IL_003 c : ldloc.3
IL_003d : callvirt instance void class [ mscorlib ] System .IO.Stream:: Close ()
IL_0042 : ldloc.1
IL_0043 : callvirt instance unsigned int8 [ ] class [ mscorlib ]
System.IO.MemoryStream:: ToArray ()
IL_0048 : ldarg.0
IL_0049 : ldc.i4.0
IL_004a : callvirt instance void class [ mscorlib ] System .
Array :: CopyTo(class [ mscorlib ] System .
Array , int32 )
IL_004f : ret
} // end of method Utility : : RijndaelDecrypt // method line 856
. method public hidebysig specialname rtspecialname
instance default void .ctor ( ) cil managed
{
// Method begins at RVA 0x10530
// Code size 7 ( 0x7 )
. maxstack 8
IL_0000 : ldarg.0
IL_0001 : call instance void object ::.ctor ( )
IL_0006 : ret
} // end of method Utility ::.ctor } // end of class AirfoilServer .
AirTunes .
Utility
}
That Utility class looks very familiar .
Where have I seen those exact functions before ?
Oh , that ’s right , it ’s the Utility class licensed under the GPL from my DeDRMS and SharpMusique source code packages .
I ca n’t say I ’m surprised .
GPL ’ed code is frequently used in violation of the license .
MacTheRipper , a popular DVD ripper for MacOS X , has been violating the GPL for years by using libdvdcss and refusing to release the source code .
I ’m not going to be too hard on Rogue Amoeba though .
Unlike many Mac users , they are against closed platforms .
See their blog post about the iPhone SDK as well as the future of code signing in MacOS X .
Update : Quentin from Rogue Amoeba got in touch via email .
The code ended up in Airfoil Speakers due to an honest mistake .
Quentin writes :
We use a lot of open source software in our products , could not make them as good as we do without it in fact .
And as such , we do our best to make sure the licenses are followed .
All our commercial software is GPL - free , some use LGPL ’ed libraries , and some BSD / MIT code in places .
We try to make sure all the code we use is correctly acknowledged , and give back when we can ( http://rogueamoeba.com/sources/, www.rogueamoeba.com/utm/2008/01/12/perian-is-awesome/).
So we ’ve put together Utility .cs-less versions of Airfoil Speakers to fix our GPL compliance .
The Linux version we are pushing out immediately ( it ’s still in beta technically ) here : http://bigblueamoeba.com/tmp/airfoilspeakerslinux/.
The Windows version will be officially pushed out this week after testing , but is available right now here : http://bigblueamoeba.com/tmp/airfoilspeakerswindows/
Thanks Quentin !
DISH Network and News Corp 's satellite subsidiary NDS Group in California have been involved in an industrial espionage lawsuit for years now , but there was some big drama in court today : a hacker by the name of Christopher Tarnovsky ( who used the handle " Big Gun , " among others ) testified that NDS hired him to create a device called " the stinger " that could reprogram DISH Network access cards .
DISH lawyers say the plan was to flood the market with hacked cards , which would cost the satellite company $ 900 M in revenue and repair costs .
Unsurprisingly , NDS ( which supplies DirecTV , among others ) , says that it hired Tarovsky only to reverse - engineer DISH 's cards for competitive reasons , and Tarnovsky himself says that he believes " someone is trying to set him up . "
Sure , sure -- but no one 's explaining why he was mailed mobile electronics from Canada with $ 20 K in cash stashed inside , or why he was officially on the payroll of HarperCollins , a totally different NewCorp subsidiary , for more than 10 years .
Sketchy sketchy -- and we thought satellite hacking was dead .
Read - Reuters article about Tarnovsky 's testimony
Read - 2002 article about Tarnovsky and NDS
A Missouri prosecutor has announced that there will be no charges filed against Lori Drew in the cyberbullying case involving the suicide of 13 - year - old Megan Meier ( pictured at right ) .
According to the St. Charles Journal , prosecutor Jack Banas said in a press conference today that the intent of Drew and others who created the fake MySpace account and who verbally attacked Meier online did not cross a threshold into criminal activity based on state laws that govern harassment and child endangerment .
Banas told reporters that Drew was not even home the day that several of the bullying messages were posted about Meier from the fake " Josh Evans " MySpace account , including the last one posted , which stated that " the world would be a better place " without the teenage Meier in it .
This message , among other hurtful ones , were said to have pushed the teen over the edge and caused her to hang herself .
This latest story provides many more details about the case than previously revealed – including the fact that Drew maintains that it was not her idea to create the account and that it was an 18 - year - old employee of Lori Drew 's named Ashley Grills who posted most of the MySpace messages about Meier while pretending to be a 16 - year - old boy named Josh Evans .
Grills was responsible for writing the last message that Meier saw .
Banas said that the messages between " Josh " and Megan were mostly benign until an Oct. 15 , 2006 , message that was sent from a different girl who had access to the Josh account , one who lived across the street from the Drews .
Banas said on Monday that most of the messages sent to Megan as Josh over six weeks were written by Ashley Grills , then 18 , of O’Fallon , a temporary employee of Lori Drew ’s business , Drew Advantage .
Grills often worked from the Drews ’ home .
Banas said it was Grills who typed what is believed to be the final message Megan saw and that it was Grills who was at the computer — in the Drews ’ home — typing the messages , as Josh , to Megan during the afternoon before Megan killed herself .
Banas said the Drews ’ daughter , then 13 , was with Grills at the time .
Banas said he was unable to interview Grills , now 19 , because she has been under psychiatric care as a result of her involvement in Megan ’s death .
He said he saw no need to interview her at a later date .
While Banas made no excuses for the adult Drew 's role in the childish ruse , he said that no charges will be filed because neither Drew nor Grills had created the fake MySpace account with the intent to harm , stalk , harass or endganger Meier , but simply to find out what Meier was saying online about Drew 's own daughter .
Banas said that the case has highlighted problems with state harassment laws that do n't address harassment over the internet .
He 's been talking with state lawmakers about how to close that loophole .
He also had words for vigilantes who have taken the matter into their own hands .
Banas said he was aware of the national outrage directed at the Drews , much of it originating in cyberspace .
Lori and Curt Drew have had their address and work , home and cell phone numbers posted on the Internet .
One site showed a satellite photo of their home .
A fake MySpace page was created for Curt Drew .
Banas said some of these actions against the Drews could constitute Internet stalking .
In addition , the Drews home has been vandalized .
" Because we ca n’t prosecute somebody it certainly does not justify violating the law , " Banas said .
" We live in this country by the rule of the law . "
See also
Propaganda and Espionage Philately
By SGM Herbert A. Friedman ( Ret . )
Note :
In 2016 , parts of this story were used with permission by Bob Baltzell in a two - part article entitled “ The Clandestine Stamps of President Franklin D. Roosevelt ” in the American Stamp Dealer & Collector Magazine .
This article was featured in Issue 34–2017 , of the Weekly Pegasus , the e-newsletter of professional readings supporting the Air Force Military Information Support Operations Working Group .
I have been writing articles on propaganda and espionage philately for 5 decades .
Most of the articles were printed in philatelic magazines and newspapers .
They go into great detail about the paper , the perforations , the manner of printing and all those very specific facts that philatelists and researchers find so interesting .
Looking at my bookcase I see that I wrote eleven articles for The American Philatelist between 1969 and 2002 .
I wrote another thirteen articles for the now defunct Society of Philatelic Americans between 1967 and 1978 .
Four articles went into Scott 's Monthly Stamp Journal and another five into The German Postal Specialist .
I can't even count all the newspaper articles , but have published series in Linn 's Stamp News and in the British Stamp Weekly .
I also want to recognize my friend and partner professor Frank Prosser for his work in placing all this information into workable files so that the data is always at hand and easy to access .
I am not going to go into any great detail in this Internet article .
There are probably about 300 different propaganda stamps , most produced by Great Britain , the United States , and Germany .
The Russians did not produce propaganda stamps , but they printed dozen of propaganda postcards , many with a forged imprinted stamp .
We will probably illustrate less than two dozen here .
If our readers request any other specific items I will be happy to add them to this article .
Feel free to write to me with your request and I will add the image and a short text .
Readers wanting to learn more can search for my old articles and study the field in depth .
This will just be a very light look at many of the more interesting propaganda parodies and espionage forgeries .
It is meant to be a general introduction to the field .
I will also depict some selected items because of their rarity or interest .
Perhaps we should take a moment to define the difference between a propaganda parody and an espionage forgery .
In the former , one government will take the stamp of an enemy or occupied government and change the stamp in such a way as to make a political statement and perhaps cast aspersions at and ridicule enemy leaders or occupation forces .
These stamps are designed to be recognized for what they are , an attack on the enemy .
In the case of the espionage forgery , one government has produced a stamp that is a perfect imitation of the enemy stamp to be used to mail propaganda or instructions to people in the enemy or occupied country .
These stamps are part of a secret operation and not meant to be recognized .
We will mainly discuss black propaganda in this article , items produced secretly by one nation to be used against another .
We will start with Great Britain .
Without going into detail , up until July 1940 the items were printed by Department EH , and Section D in countries where it operated .
From July 1940 to September 1941 the Special Operation Executive ( SOE ) was the printer ; SO1 produced the propaganda , SO2 handled delivery .
From 11 September 1941 on : Political Warfare Executive ( PWE ) produced the stamps under the direction of Ellic Howe ( pseudonym : Armin Hull ) , and significant distribution by SOE 's SO2 unit .
The listing has items with known Section D , Department EH , and SOE document numbers , and PWE H - numbers , as well as those for which the code numbers are not yet known .
During WWI the British counterfeited the stamps of Austria , Bavaria and Germany .
I first wrote about these in " Propaganda Forgeries of World War I , " The Stamp and Coin Collector , April - May 1966 .
I wrote about them again in " British Espionage Forgeries of the First World War , " American Philatelist , September 1973 .
I must admit that this article was a great disappointment to me .
I sent the APS a dozen extremely rare photographs of margin copies of all the stamps with various notations by the forgers .
Apparently the editor lost the photos , and without writing to me and asking for replacements he simply printed the article with no illustrations .
I was mad at that editor for quite a while .
I did n't write another article for the APS until 1985 .
The World War I British forgeries of the German Germania issue were produced in September 1918 .
They were printed in sheets of 100 ( 10x10 ) .
The forgeries have 15 horizontal perforation holes , whereas the genuine stamps have 14 holes .
The forgeries have less shading ( more white space ) along the brow and nose line as compared with the genuine , giving Germania a somewhat fierce look .
The imperforate color proofs tend to be paler , flatter in appearance , without gum , and printed on mildly tinted paper .
The proofs are known as " Watford proofs " from the manuscript notation " Printed at Watford " found in the selvage of the sheets .
The actual printer of course was the British firm of Waterlow .
There is much documentation for this statement and among them is a sheet of directions for perforating the forgeries discovered in the company 's archives .
It is written in technical jargon but appears to have such comments as : G or B Stamp ( German ) also A( ustrian ) ...
Dimensions taken across sheet ( longway ) .
Dimensions taken way sheet travels ( shortway ) .
P.S. Waterlow B.& L. could not wait while MP [ machine perforations ? ] was made so used MP 102/2 Edward VII , worked from dowel pin holes & centre stamp & put extra hole each way in each stamp .
There is much more of course , but clearly Waterlow and the people doing the perforations are discussing what machines to use and the number of perforations on each stamp .
The British also counterfeited the 5 pfennig green , 10 pfennig carmine and 15 pfennig vermilion Bavarian 1916 - 1920 King Ludwig III issue .
The forgeries were printed in sheets of 100 ( 10x10 ) or 110 ( 11x10 ) , both perforated and imperforated .
The perforated forgeries have 15 horizontal perforation holes , whereas the genuine stamps have 14 holes .
In the forgeries , the wavy lines in the watermark are 3 mm apart at their closest , whereas in the genuine the lines are 4 mm apart .
All items are known in imperforate color proofs .
The proofs tend to be paler , flatter in appearance , without gum , and printed on mildly tinted paper .
The proofs are known as " Watford proofs " from the manuscript notation " Printed at Watford " found in the selvage of the sheets .
One block of nine 5 pfennig stamps which I bought many years ago had comments in the lower right selvage that said : From Watford Friday 11 October 1918 ( mid day ) Block of 6 left with Mr. Earl who is to go down there this afternoon .
" Watford " was the home of Waterford and Sons printers and Murray Teigh Bloom states in The Man Who Stole Portugal that Sir William Waterford was awarded the Order of the British Empire for his counterfeiting of German , Austrian and Bavarian stamps ... and his facsimiles of Imperial German banknotes .
The above photo postcard is a British propaganda reproduction showing happy German soccer players in a prisoner - of - war camp .
This card is addressed to John Von Possel of Altoona and gives his POW camp address in Great Britain .
It is coded H/6 and was disseminated in September 1918 .
This folded air letter was sent from Karl Scholz to Josepha Scholz in Peterwitz .
It was disseminated in February 1917 .
During WWI the British reproduced a large number of German prisoner - of - war postcards and air - letters .
They took genuine postcards and letters that had pictures or text favorable to the British and reproduced them to airdrop over the enemy by both aircraft and balloon .
According to the History of M.I. 7 ( B ) ( March 1916 - December 1918 ) , Captain Chalmers Mitchell produced the following type of philatelic propaganda .
1 . Reproductions of German prisoner of war letters and postcards , received either from General Headquarters , France , or through the Postal Censorship ( M.I. 9 ) , and selected by M.I. 7 ( b ) ( 4 ) , as showing the good treatment of prisoners in England .
2 . Reproductions of photo postcards of prisoners of war or groups taken in prisoner of war camps in England .
In 1917 the British produced 594,000 reproductions of 88 prisoner of war letters and 7 postcards and 90,000 reproductions of 17 photo postcards .
By the end of the war , the total number of leaflets , prisoner of war letters , cartoons , and other items produced by M.I. 7 ( b ) ( 4 ) was 25,986,180 products .
German Parodies of Russian " Currency Stamps " From 1915 to 1917 , Russia issued eleven so - called " currency stamps , " postage stamps printed on thin cardboard instead of the usual stamp paper .
They were meant to be used as coins to save metal so the stamps were not gummed .
The original 1913 stamp printing plates were used so they looked exactly like the genuine postage stamps .
Several denominations were printed ; the most common are the 10 , 15 and 20 kopeks .
The Germans counterfeited the 15 and 20 kopek , stamps changing the last three lines to an anti-Russian message on both stamps .
The purpose was to undermine the value of Russian money and to destroy confidence in the Imperial Government .
The back of the genuine Russian stamps had a five - line message stating :
Has the circulating equivalent of silver coins .
The two forgeries have the last three lines changed to alter the message :
Has the circulating equivalent with bankrupt silver coins .
Has the circulating equivalent of a robbing deceitful ruler .
I bought a single 20 kopek counterfeit in 1984 for $ 300 .
I bought the 15 and 20 kopek counterfeits se-tenant ( Connected ) in 1989 for $ 583 .
In May 2006 , a pair of 15 and 20 kopek counterfeits was sold for US $ 350 each by Raritan Stamps Auctions .
In May 2012 , Cherrystone Auctions of New York sold a pair of the counterfeits for US $ 1,900 .
After the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia , several peoples fought the new " Red " regime .
The Don Cossacks elected a " Ataman , " the official title of the supreme military commander of the Cossack armies .
On 15 December 1917 , the " White " Cossack Army occupied the important city of Rostov - on - Don.
During 1918 , a number of Russian postage stamps were surcharged for the use in the Don area .
A stamp with a face value of 25 kopeks was planned depicting Ermak , a legendary Cossack leader of the 16th century , but was never issued .
In July 1918 , a currency token in the same design with a face value of 20 kopeks in olive green color was printed by the Rostov - on - Don section of the State Bank .
On the front it was inscribed " Ermak . "
The back bears the imperial eagle and the text : Change stamp issued by the Rostov - on - Don branch of the State Bank In 1919 , the Bolsheviks printed a propaganda forgery of the " Ermak " currency stamp .
It is printed on yellowish thick paper and the wording on the reverse had been changed to refer to the period when the Don Cossacks under their " Atamans " ruled over the area .
The new text was : Change stamp issued by the Rostov - on - Don office of the Ataman gang A copy was offered by Raritan Stamps in September 2008 and sold for US $ 800 .
In May 2011 , the same auction house offered a block of four for US $ 1000 that did not sell .
My thanks to Wolfgang Baldus who corrected my own write - up of this " stamp " with better background information and an improved translation .
The propaganda parody appeared in the 1920s and was a forerunner to anti-Semitic propaganda .
The genuine Austrian 1920 80 heller stamp is rose or red-orange , perforated , and bears the Austrian eagle and text Deutschosterreich ( German Austria ) .
An unknown party produced an interesting parody of this stamp in a slightly deeper red , known both perforate and imperforate , with the Austrian eagle and the text changed to Judischosterreich ( Jewish Austria ) .
The parody is a good copy of the original .
Aside from being obviously anti-Semitic , the origin and motivation for this parody is unknown .
The stamp has been offered at auction a number of times on at least three covers , usually on an envelope franked with genuine stamps and often postmarked Wein ( Vienna ) .
We should note that although Germany is often considered the center of post - WWI anti-Semitism , Austria can contest that title and produced hundreds of anti-Semitic postcards and other items .
For instant , the Jewish - owned Bruder Kohen Wiener Institut ( B.K.W.I. ) produced countless cards depicting tongue - in - cheek caricatures illustrating various aspects of Jewish life .
With the rise of the Nazi Party , the Germans reprinted selected cards that portrayed Jews in an especially unfavorable light .
For example , for the Der ewige Jude ( Eternal Jew Exposition ) one card depicted a very unflattering caricature of composer Oscar Strauss .
Perhaps one of the most pictorial of all the Austrian anti-Semitic postcards is the one entitled Mander s'ischt Zeit !
The card depicts five people , three of whom have a distinctly Jewish look , fleeing an array of Nazi flags .
The title is Tyrolean slang : " Men , it 's time ! " a quote from Andreas Hofer , a 19th Century Tyrolean freedom fighter .
The title on the address side is Abzug des Herrn Schuschnigg und seiner Verbundeten ( " Departure of Herr Schuschnigg and his allies " ) .
This refers to Kurt von Schuschnigg , the mildly fascist but anti-Nazi Austrian chancellor just prior to the Anschluss , ( German annexation of Austria ) who appears in the central position of the group of five .
The other four are a monk , representing the Catholic Church , an aristocrat , a boy wearing an Austrian armband , and a Jew carrying his moneybox .
Austrian Chancellor Schuschnigg was forced to resign on March 11 , 1938 after the annexation and was imprisoned by the Nazis shortly thereafter .
He survived the war and was liberated by American troops in May 1945 .
The card was designed by Artist is F. Kock .
Card exists in two printings , one on bright white paper and the other on gray paper .
Artist is F. Kock .
World War II During World War II the PWE printed a series of French stamps .
I first wrote about these in an article entitled " Propaganda Forgeries of WWII in Linn 's Stamp News of November 14 , 1966 .
Although there are eleven forged denominations in all , there are just four actual vignettes ; Mercury , Iris , Petain bare - headed and Petain with cap .
All but the scarlet 30 centimes Mercury are printed in perforated sheets of 20 ( 5 x 4 ) ; the Mercury is printed in a sheet of 16 , with four blocks of four separated by gutters .
The genuine stamps are perforated 14:13 1/2 , as are the forgeries with the exception of the 30 centimes Mercury , the 1 franc 50 centimes Iris and the 1 franc Petain with cap , which is perforated 15:14 .
Imperforate sheets exist for all values .
Each item is identifiable by a " secret mark " or its perforation .
Whereas the secret marks may have been intentionally introduced for an espionage purpose , it is more likely that they are unintentional .
These forgeries were initially produced in 1942 ; some " H- numbers " are known .
Illustrated and discussed in L.N. and M. Williams , Forged Stamps of Two World Wars , published by the authors , London , 1954 , pages 15 - 19 .
A " Most Secret " memo from Dr. Beck ( head of PWE 's French desk ) to Rex Leeper ( head of SOE's SO1 propaganda unit ) reports on black propaganda to France for the week ending 23 May : about 1000 letters per week containing La France Libre and Weekly Times are being distributed in France .
The memo further states that " We are now adopting the method of using fake business envelopes to avoid the internal censorship .
( Specimens attached for information . )
Stamps are manufactured by ourselves . "
This almost certainly refers to the forgeries of French stamps .
The specimen business envelopes are from " Compagnie Generale des Tabacs , Marseille ( H.69 ) , " " La Voix de France , " and " La Nationale , Paris ( Ixe ) . "
The covers were intended to be inserted into the French mail system , where they would be postmarked by French postal service .
It seems that none of these covers survived the war , but this memo provides evidence that the forged stamps were actually used in France .
The " Most Secret " memo was discovered in the British National Archives by Lee Richards in 2002 during his research for his book The Black Art .
He also supplied the majority of the PWE " H " code numbers and printing statisics for this article .
In further research in the British National Archives Lee found evidence that over a thousand propaganda envelopes a week were sent into France , and one of the regular enclosures seems to have been the propaganda leaflet Lettre d'Angleterre .
There were requests for additional envelopes ( 9,000 in three different colors ) and even requests for additional stamps : 1.20 franc brown Pétain ( 2nd type with Képi ) , 70 centimes same type ( orange or dark blue - which one has yet to be decided ) - engraving of first type - used for values under 40 centimes - has also been ordered .
Lee points out that the postage stamps were forged for the French section of the Political Warfare Executive and their job was propaganda , not agent - running or intelligence - gathering .
The letter - writing unit was distributing thousands of envelopes inside Vichy France and Northern France .
The letter - writing unit was shut down in 1942 ; the forged French postage stamps ceased being produced soon afterwards .
There are two British forgeries bearing the image of Mercury .
The 25 centimes green Mercury of 1938 - 42 is PWE No. H.156 .
10,000 copies were delivered to the French Section on 12 October 1942 .
There is also a 30 centimes scarlet Mercury 1938 - 42 .
The 1 franc 50 centimes red-orange Iris 1939 - 40 is the only forgery with this image .
The 30 centimes scarlet Petain bareheaded 1941 - 43 is PWE No. H.195 ( November 1942 ) .
It was retouched and reprinted as PWE No. H.355A in April / May 1943 .
15,000 copies of H.195 were delivered to the French Section 5 November 1942 ; 10,000 copies of H.355 were delivered on 11 March 1943 .
The 1 franc 50 centimes red-brown Petain bareheaded 1941 - 43 is PWE No. H.191. 10,000 copies delivered to the French Section 21 October 1942 .
The 2 francs green Petain bareheaded 1941 - 43 is PWE No. H.271 ( November 1942 ) ; retouched and reprinted as PWE No. H.355B in April / May 1943 .
10,000 copies of H.271 delivered to the French Section on 30 November 1942 .
We depict the 2 francs above because it is one of the rarer denominations .
The 1 franc 50 centimes rose - carmine Petain bareheaded 1941 - 43 is a very rare color oddity .
Only 4 sheets ( 3 perforated , 1 imperforate ) were printed .
One perforated sheet is in the Paris Postal Museum ; the other 2 perforated sheets were broken up .
Therefore , at most 80 copies exist .
The 1 franc 50 centimes red-brown Petain bareheaded 1941 - 43 is PWE No. H.191 ( reprint ) .
10,000 copies delivered to the French Section 21 October 1942 .
The 2 francs green Petain bareheaded 1941 - 43 is PWE No. H.271 ( November 1942 ) ; retouched and reprinted as PWE No. H.355B in April / May 1943 .
10,000 copies of H.271 delivered to the French Section on 30 November 1942 .
The " Petain with cap " was forged multiple times .
The first is the 50 centimes green Petain with cap 1941 - 43 .
The 70 centimes red-orange Petain with cap 1941 - 43 is PWE No. H.172 .
We do n't know the code of the 1 franc scarlet Petain with cap 1941 - 4 The 1 franc 20 centimes red- brown Petain with cap 1941 - 43 is PWE No. H.171. 10,000 copies were delivered to the French Section 12 October 1942 .
There are some interesting reprints of these British forgeries .
In 2011 some of the values appeared on gummed paper in blocks of four .
They were identified as " France 1942 Resistance forgeries . "
One buyer suspected they might be essays .
One never truly knows about such things but they appear to be fakes .
Fakers seem to like blocks of four .
I have never heard of Ellic Howe doing any blocks of four , and believe the quality is much too poor to be British .
And of course , the color is not right either .
The above stamp should be green .
There was also a 1.50 F Petain bare - headed block of four on gummed paper in red in this lot .
There are already numerous fake blocks of four of the American OSS " death's head " parodies of the 12 pfennig Hitler stamp .
They appear in various colors , perforated , imperforate , and on covers .
Although these fake stamps were made for profit in Austria somewhere in the 1950s , this watercolor did not appear until 2014 .
It seems to name the artist and town at the top but since the text has been cut in half we can only guess who and where was identified .
We see the artist ’s name as Atelier hack , with the first word meaning “ Studio ” and the second the name , which could be Hackmann or something similar .
We do not know .
The street or town below the name is Schelling .
As a town it could be Schellingstrasse or Schellingweg .
Researcher Wolfgang Baldus did a search for such streets years ago and found that there was only one Schellingstrasse in Austria , a small street in Ansfelden in Upper Austria .
The British also prepared a propaganda parody of the France 1941 - 43 30 centimes scarlet Petain bareheaded .
They added a sinister Nazi - collaborating Prime Minister Pierre Laval peering around from behind Petain .
The vignette implies that Germany is running the French government .
It was probably produced in November / December 1942 .
It is perforated 14 and printed in a sheet of 20 .
Pierre Laval met an ironic death .
As the end grew near , he fled first to Germany , then to Spain , then to Austria , where he was arrested and sent back to France to be tried on the charge of treason .
He was sentenced to be shot by firing squad on 6 October 1945 , but swallowed cyanide before the sentence could be carried out .
A physician saved his life so that he could be stood up in front of the firing squad and executed a little less than two weeks later .
The British also forged at least one French 80 centimes postcard .
Little is known about this item but it can be identified by three shading lines in the mustache instead of the usual 5 lines of the genuine .
One of the more interesting British propaganda operations involved a PWE black propaganda overprint on the French Morocco 50 centimes and 1 franc stamps of 1939 - 40 overprinted Deutsches Reichspost in Marokko .
The overprinted items were produced in May / July 1942 in an attempt to persuade Petain and Laval that their Nazis masters were deceiving them and were preparing to occupy French possessions in North Africa .
The overprint exists on two stamps , in both thick ( Type I ) and thin ( Type II ) forms ; the two types are usually found vertically setenant .
One authority maintains that proofs of the thick and thin overprints were prepared , with the thin overprint being chosen for production .
The story is that 1 sheet each of the two denominations were sent to the United States Embassy in Paris , who then showed the stamps to Petain or Laval .
We should mention that this use of an overprint in a propaganda operation was used as early as WWI .
Although the origin is uncertain , and may be nothing more than a practical joke , there is a Germania 10 pfennig red stamp overprinted with the denomination Schweiz 10 Centimes and a Germania 20 pfennig ultramarine stamp overprinted with the denomination Schweiz 25 Centimes .
They were apparently intended to persuade neutral Switzerland that they were about to be invaded and become a German puppet state .
The stamps were first depicted in the French Newspaper Le Matin ( " The Morning " ) , 12 December 1914 .
The article claimed that there were a number of other denominations in the set .
The German embassy in Berne refuted the charges and said that the paper had been hoodwinked .
Another overprint that is certainly a fake is a Germania 10 pfennig red stamp overprinted with Die Welt ( " The World " ) .
These stamps appeared shortly after the Marokko stamps and were intended to show the world that Germany expected to conquer all .
The Marokko productions are certainly genuine British PWE products , and we can probably say with assurance that the Schweiz and Welt overprints are complete frauds .
In 1992 , two se-tenant pairs with the Morocco overprints sold for $ 9,000 .
In October 2009 , two pairs of the Morocco stamps in se-tenant pairs showing both overprints sold for $ 18,000 .
However , because of the value of these parodies , forgeries do exist .
In April 2009 , a fake pair of the stamps with the dark overprint were offered on EBay for $ 4.95 .
The vendor received no bids .
The PWE produced two black " Himmler " parodies of the Germany 1941 - 1944 6 pfennig violet Hitler - head stamp that depicted SS Reichsführer Heinrich Himmler full - face .
Both were printed typographed in violet in sheets of 20 ( 5x4 ) , perforated 14:14 1/4 comb .
I first wrote about and illustrated the parodies in " A philatelic view of Heinrich Himmler , " The American Philatelist , February 1970 .
The first , PWE No. H.279 ( December 1942 ) , has facial shading of narrowly spaced lines that are rough and ill - defined with white uncolored patches around the eyes , cheek , and chin .
The hair is poorly defined and appears to run into the background .
The second , PWE No. H.388 ( April / May 1943 ) has facial shading of widely spaced lines , sharp and clear ; the hairline is well defined and stands out clearly from the background .
The wide - line variety is by far the more handsome parody , and resulted from a redesign of the narrow - line variety .
However , because the wide - line item was reported first , it was designated Type I , and this nomenclature has persisted and confused philatelists for 50 years .
Let me say again , the attractive stamp is type I ; the crude stamp is type II .
5,000 copies of the wide - line variety were delivered on 3 May 1943 .
A complete mint sheet of the wide - line variety was offered in a June 2008 auction estimated at 15,000 Euros ( $ 23,395 dollars ) .
Proofs of the Himmler exist in black and in violet .
Above , we depict proofs of the Type II Himmler parody stamps .
They originate from a German collector who found them in Denmark decades ago .
They are printed in black on heavy , smooth , very white cardboard with a chalky surface that resembles an old , hard photo paper .
The better looking parodies ( Type I ) exist in sheetlets of four ( 2 across x 2 down ) , sheetlets of eight ( 4 across x 2 down ) and as single stamps .
A German friend told me many years ago that he was offered a sheet of four of the type I proofs for $ 2250 .
Three different imperforate proof sheets of 8 ( 4 across x 2 down ) exist of the narrow - line variety ( type II ) with hand - written comments " V. Rough Proof - 1st Print " and " 2nd Proof . "
The third proof was almost perfect and is nearly identical to the finished parody stamps in black ink .
British Stamp dealer Ron Shelly owned the proof sheets , which were said to have come from the estate of an assistant to Sefton Delmer .
In 1976 , he sold the sheets to a collector in Arizona apparently using dealer Zbigniew Bokiewicz of Continental Stamp Supplies Company of London as a middleman .
The proof sheets are discussed in L.N. Williams , " Britain 's black propaganda bogus stamp , " British Philatelic Bulletin , August 1986 ; the sheets are depicted in Werner Bohne , GPS Reference Manual of Forgeries , Release # 26 , April 1988 .
A single proof stamp of type II was sold by a London firm who purchased it in 1980 from a " Mr. Stephens who claimed to have been in Intelligence during the war at the head of some 20 colleagues and in that position to have taken part in making the plate for printing the Himmler stamp ... "
The British forger Ellic Howe first used a small printing shop called Index Ltd at 56 Victoria Street , London , SW1 .
The Managing Director was George Critchley , who had been the Secret Intelligence Service 's printer since WWI .
David Stephens managed the shop .
Eventually , Howe took over the engraving process and spread out the jobs to Fanfare Press for printing , Spicer 's for the paper , and the Monotype Corporation for loans of the various matrices which were otherwise unavailable in England .
By 1943 , Stephens was in charge of Howe 's private process engraving plant off Chancery Lane .
A British PWE report dated 7 January 1943 states that the parodies were submitted to the SOE for quantity order on 15 December 1942 , but that an order had not been received by the time of this report .
The order from SOE was placed on 15 January 1943 .
The PWE began the operation in the first week of April 1943 .
The parodies were prepared by Ellic Howe under the direction of Sefton Delmer .
An obituary for British stamp dealer Julian Clive in Linn 's Stamp News , September 1993 , credits Clive with the idea of the Himmler parody .
The intent was to spread a rumor that Himmler was preparing himself to be Führer and had ordered the printing of the parodies , thereby fueling Hitler 's paranoia .
Delmer recalls in Black Boomerang :
The next document I asked Hull to produce for me was utterly beyond the bounds of possibility , and I ought never to have ordered it .
This was a set of German postage stamps showing , instead of the head of Hitler , that of Himmler .
From the counterfeiting point of view it was a masterpiece .
The Himmler head was engraved in exactly the same style as the head of Hitler on the ordinary German postage stamps .
Which was not at all surprising .
For Hull had been producing scores of thousands of Hitler postage stamps over the past three years .
We used them for our posting jobs in the Reich because our agents quite understandably felt it beneath their dignity to subsidize the German war effort with even the price of a postage stamp .
Unlike the stamp itself , however , the story that went with it was entirely unconvincing .
Philatelist Himmler , it said , eager in his vanity to taste in advance the pleasures of Fuhrerdom , had secretly ordered these stamps to be made in readiness for the day of his accession .
He loved looking at them .
But owing to the mistake of a subordinate official a few sheets had been prematurely issued to the Post Office and the public and despite the frantic efforts of trusted Gestapo and SD agents to hunt them down and retrieve them , quite a few were still in circulation .
My friends of the underground went into operation with considerable enthusiasm for this silly Delmer stunt and posted letters and newspapers bearing the Himmler stamp in letterboxes all over Germany .
S.O.E. agents delivered German newspapers with wrappers bearing the stamps with counterfeited cancellation marks to subscribers in Sweden and Switzerland who we knew were regular recipients of German newspapers .
But no one noticed the Himmler stamps .
Not even when in my gloom at the lack of an echo to the operation I asked that the newspaper wrappers with the Himmler stamps should be delivered to known philatelists .
The trouble was that Hull 's counterfeit was far too excellent , the Himmler stamp much too similar to the Hitler stamp , and the public - including the philatelists - far too unobservant .
Finally , in sheer despair , my friends in S.O.E. sold some wrappers to stamp dealers in Stockholm and Zurich , and that way , the story of the Heinrich Himmler stamp did at last percolate into the neutral press .
But as an operation that stamp campaign had most sadly and badly misfired .
Not , however , for the stamp dealers .
A set of these Himmler stamps commands a high price in philatelistic auction rooms today .
I wish I had some .
It is interesting to note that although Delmer was an excellent spy-master , he was n't much of a philatelist .
He says that the parody was " a set , " when it fact it was a single stamp , later reprinted to improve the image .
He also says that they are identical to the Hitler stamps and yet the pose is quite different with Himmler in full - face rather than in profile .
We find this over and over in wartime biographies , when individuals try to discuss stamps and actually know very little about them .
Delmer acknowledges that the propaganda effort was a flop .
However , postwar information shows that samples of the parody were delivered to Himmler , who , enraged , retaliated in 1944 by initiating Unternehmen Wasserwelle ( Operation Watermark ) , the German parodies of British stamps .
In my original article I point out that although Delmer did not fool any philatelists , he did fool the American Office of Strategic Services .
I quote a report to Washington that mentions the stamp and suspects that there is a pro-Himmler , anti-Hitler underground at large in Germany .
Those gullible Americans !
Allen Dulles to Washington D.C. :
As to the Himmler stamp , I do not know whether there are any copies available .
Far as I know , only one turned up in Switzerland
…
It may have been a black propaganda stunt by one of our allies or it may have been a slip by Himmler or some of his friends of which they quickly refuted .
On 10 June 1944 Berne reported to Washington D.C : The Himmler stamp may have been a trick pulled by some of Himmler 's enemies to make trouble for him , or it may be that some enthusiast in the Ministry of the Interior thought it might be nice to honor Himmler this way …
In any event , the mystery of the stamp has not been cleared up .
Speaking of the Americans , we now know that General Donovan of the OSS sent American President Roosevelt at least one Himmler parody with a Stuttgart cancellation .
He sent the stamp to Roosevelt on September 29 , 1944 .
A " thank you " note from Roosevelt says : October 5 , 1944 Dear Bill , Ever so many thanks for the Himmler and Hitler stamps .
I had heard that there was such a stamp as the Himmler one and it will be an interesting addition to my collection .
My best to you , Very sincerely yours , " F.D.R " What is interesting is that as we have just shown , the Himmler parody was produced by Armin Hull for the British Political Warfare Executive starting in December 1942 .
One wonders if Donovan took credit for this stamp as an American product , or did he tell the President that it was made by the British years before .
Fredric Boyce says in SOE 's Ultimate Deception : Operation Periwig , Sutton Printing , UK , 2005 , that the Himmler stamp was produced as part of the black Operation Periwig campaign to convince the German people that there were anti-Nazi resistance movements within the Third Reich .
However , since we know that the Himmler stamp operation started in April 1943 , and the deception campaign started about November 1944 , it would appear that the author is incorrect .
Charles Cruickshank mentions the Himmler stamp and other forged documents in The Fourth Arm : Psychological Warfare 1938 - 1945 , Davis - Poynter , London , 1977 : Black leaflets included a whole range of ingenious forgeries : posters purporting to be of German origin ; currency notes ; clothing coupons ; ration cards ; postage stamps , usually imitations of the real thing , but including one issue with Himmler 's head to support the rumor that he was angling to become Fuehrer ; official notices headed " Heil Himmler ! " for the same purpose ...
The Rumor Campaign
Of course , the British did everything they could to make this rumor appear to be genuine .
In an attempt to raise the morale of occupied Europe and lower the morale of the German military , civilians and their allies , the secret British " Underground Propaganda Committee " produced well over 8,000 thousand rumors , ( they called them " Sibs " from the Latin sibalare - to hiss ) .
Researcher Lee Richards mentions the whisper campaign and many of these rumors in his book Whispers of War , Psywar.org , 2010 .
In regard to British propaganda rumors about Himmler wanting to replace Hitler he lists several moral - destroying rumors .
I have selected a few of the more interesting ones : 20 August 1943 - Take the line that Himmler is trying to negotiate with the generals in order to succeed Hitler ...
The generals want to make peace with Britain and the U.S. ; Himmler wants to make peace with the USSR , renaming himself Gauleiter of Soviet Germany .
27 August 1943 - Himmler has established himself in so strong a position that Hitler had to accept his explanation about the Himmler stamp which was prematurely released ...
17 September 1943 - Continue to push the line that Himmler is trying to make peace with Russia ... 1 December 1944 - An attempt was made to assassinate Hitler .
Himmler organized it .
Himmler is preparing to canonize Hitler and prepare the way for a new leader - himself .
There are a number of PWE black propaganda envelopes and postcards franked with the " Himmler " parody ( PWE No. H.388 ) of the 6 pfennig German Hitler - head definitive issue of 1941 - 1944 .
In 1943 , Ellic Howe prepared a number of covers for distribution to individuals in the neutral countries of Switzerland , Sweden , and possibly Portugal .
The covers and cards were franked with one or more of the Himmler parodies and one or more of the British forged Hitler - head definitives .
British forgeries of German cancellations , censor strips , and censor handstamps were applied to the covers .
Most items show typewritten addresses , but at least one cover shows a handwritten address and at least one unaddressed cover is known .
These covers and cards were probably placed into the mailboxes of the addressees by British agents operating in the neutral countries .
The covers could not have gone through the German mail system since ( a ) at that time , all mail from Germany to neutral countries had to be presented unsealed and without any stamps to the post office , where the identity of the sender would be checked and postage would be applied by the postal clerk ; ( b ) the covers ( as contrasted to the postcards ) do not show the mandatory name and address of the sender .
A letterhead and rubber stamp were prepared ( PWE No. H.389 ) for use in the Himmler postage stamp operation .
The letterhead bears the text " Der deutsche Volkswirt / Berlin - Charlottenburg 2 Kantstrasse 162 " and other business text in black ink on white paper .
Researcher Lee Richards reports that in an attempt to ascertain the effects of its clandestine psychological warfare , the British Political Warfare Executive routinely monitored neutral and enemy media looking for comment and reaction to its radio broadcasts , underground rumor - mongering and leaflets .
The comments of enemy prisoners of war , captured documents and other intelligence sources were also studied .
Any comebacks to PWE propaganda campaigns were circulated to interested parties through Evidence of Reception reports .
The following reports mention the Himmler parody : August 1943 :
The stamp bearing the head of Himmler has now been referred to in the Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter , which carries a reproduction of it in its issue of 28 July 1943 with the comment that it is very unusual for a politician 's head to be used on a stamp during this lifetime when he is not the leader of the country .
November 1943 : A paragraph in Stanley Gibbons Stamp Monthly ( October 1943 ) refers to a Lisbon report that Himmler had ordered the arrest of the director of the department responsible for printing German postage stamps .
Himmler had ordered the preparation of stamps bearing his effigy but they were printed too soon , and some of them leaked out .
Himmler therefore vented his wrath on the printing department .
The paragraph continues by pouring ridicule on the whole story on the grounds that the preparation of a stamp involves dozens of people , and in a spy - ridden country like Germany the news of such work would be bound to leak out .
A similar story was sent by a journalist in Lisbon to the Editor of the North American Alliance on 14th September .
December 1943 : The Himmler postage stamp has had considerable publicity this month .
It arose from the arrival in Switzerland of a letter franked with this stamp and postmarked " Stuttgart - 23 September 1943 . "
An article appeared on it in the National Zeitung , Basle ( 22 December 1943 ) and also in the Berner Briefmarken Zeitung .
The Daily Telegraph ( 1 January 1944 ) under a Zurich dateline reports that the German radio had announced that a batch of these stamps , not yet in circulation , had been stolen from the Stuttgart GPO .
Swiss philatelists were said to have paid as much as £ 35 for a copy .
February 1944 : The Himmler stamp continues to be a subject of discussion in the Swiss press .
The Berner Briefmarken Zeitung has further correspondence about it and declares that an official notice from the Reichspostminister has denied the authenticity of the stamp .
The Journal de Geneve ( 28 January 1944 ) connects Himmler 's possible wish to liquidate Hitler ... The Daily Mirror ( 29 February ) gives a long story about the stamp under a Lisbon dateline , and winds up by saying that it is estimated that a couple of the stamps in good condition would fetch $ 5,000 in America .
March 1944 : The Himmler stamp continues to provide news and the Evening Standard ( 11 April ) claims to have unearthed the " facts . "
It is a normal issue of the German Post Office , and forms one of a series of four , designed to commemorate Hitler 's tenth anniversary , the other three bearing portraits of Hitler , Goebbels and Ley .
April 1944 : The Himmler stamp continues to be talked about .
The Swiss paper Journal D'yverdon ( 3 February 1944 ) tells the usual story about it , and adds that it caused the disgrace of Himmler and the coming into power of Martin Bormann .
It is also mentioned in the Weekly Illustrated of India ( 26 March ) which says it is puzzling British Intelligence Officers .
We mention the envelope addressed to Dagens Nyheter above .
I have more data on that cover from a 1978 letter from the individual that opened the envelope .
He said : “ My own Himmler stamps arrived on a brown envelope .
The envelope contained a number of stenciled pages containing information on the situation in Germany …
Unfortunately , I cut the stamp off the envelope on arriving home …
The franking was very poor , and consisted of a few undecipherable lines … . ” It is interesting to note that the British production of these Himmler parodies apparently led directly to the Germans producing propaganda parodies of British stamps .
Adolf Burger , one of the Jewish counterfeiters held by the Germans in Sachsenhausen Concentration Camp says in the Devil 's Workshop : a Memoir of the Nazi Counterfeiting Operation , Frontline Books , 2009 :
In the middle of 1943 stamps turned up in the Ruhrgebiet that were purple imitations of the real 6 - pfennig Hitler stamp .
However , they did not bear the image of the Fuhrer , but that of Heinrich Himmler .
The Gestapo discovered the stamps and handed them over to headquarters in Berlin , together with a counter - intelligence report which stated that the stamps had been found after an attack by British planes .
As usual we ( the counterfeiters ) were shown the Himmler stamps as a model .
Anyone who thought that Himmler would be delighted to see himself unexpectedly on a stamp was mistaken .
On the contrary , he was indignant and felt that he and the National Socialist state were being mocked , and started looking for revenge .
He knew exactly how it was to be carried out .
He intended to strike back using the same weapon as was used against him , namely stamps .
For more on this propaganda campaign see " Operation Watermark " below , in the German section of this article .
Postwar fabrications of covers bearing the Himmler parody are known .
Numerous postwar forgeries exist of both types of the parody .
Most postwar frauds of the parody are clumsily prepared and are easily identified .
One dangerous fraud may be detected by the presence of 6 distinct dots in the small rectangle on Himmler 's forehead .
The legitimate parody has only 5 dots ; a horizontal shading line extends into the rectangle 's upper left corner .
In the past , the parodies sold for about $ 100 - 150 each .
In October 2009 , a lot bearing the two types of Himmler parodies sold for $ 1300 at auction .
A less - classic British PWE parody of Himmler depicts him shackling a civilian .
This parody of the German 9 November 1944 red Hitler Putsch stamp shows Himmler leading a manacled civilian man , who represents Germany in the chains of Fascism .
The stamps were printed offset in sheets of 20 stamps ( 5x4 ) .
They are known both perforated and imperforate , although the latter are quite rare .
Postwar forgeries exist .
The parody was probably produced in December 1944 .
I first wrote about this parody in " A philatelic view of Heinrich Himmler , " The American Philatelist , February 1970 .
The PWE produced a parody of the genuine Hitler stamp , instead depicting Hans Frank , the General Governor of occupied Poland .
I first wrote about this parody in depth in " The Hans Frank stamp parody , " S.P.A. Journal , February 1970 .
The stamp is a black parody of the General Government 1941 20 groschen sepia Hitler - head stamp showing Hans Frank full - face .
The propaganda parody is PWE No. H.308 .
The design was started in early January 1943 .
It was printed by Waterlow & Sons in sheets of 20 ( 5x4 ) , perforated 12 1/2 comb .
5,000 copies were delivered on 11 March 1943 .
The British airdropped the Frank stamps in containers between the end of January and the end of April 1943 , during the RAF 's second drop period , which had the code name " Intonation . "
In June 1943 , the Polish Underground prepared a small number of canceled covers bearing the Frank parody and two genuine General Government 2 - groschen Hitler - head stamps and containing a propaganda leaflet .
The sheets are also known imperforate .
The image used on the Frank parody is found on several Allied propaganda leaflets .
This one is entitled " Announcement . "
It is gummed so that it can be stuck on a wall or a lamp pole .
Some of the text is :
It is our intention to administer a just and effective punishment to the leaders for the organized murder of thousands of innocent people and for the cruelties which violated all principals of Christian faith .
Franklin D. Roosevelt
President of the United States .
The " Action Frank " envelopes were prepared by the Polish Underground for occupied Poland and had a British PWE 20 groschen Hans Frank stamp parody ( PWE No. H308 ) and often a propaganda leaflet .
In June 1943 , a small secret group called " Wawerczyke " ( loosely , " Pinprick Sabotage Organization " ) that was a part of the Polish AK ( Armii Krajowej - the Home Army ) prepared and distributed the letters in an operation known as " Action Frank . "
This action was a part of a larger operation known as " Action N " ( the " N " stands for " Niemcy , " which is Polish for " Germany " ) .
Each letter was stamped with one copy of Ellic Howe 's Hans Frank parody and two copies of the 2 groschen Hitler - head issue of the General Government .
The covers were addressed to individuals in various Polish towns .
Inside the envelopes was placed a printed leaflet with voluminous text on both sides .
A cover with original insert sold for $ 6850 in a mail sale of November 1990 , and for $ 3150 in another sale of September 1998 .
A cover ( without insert ) sold for $ 5,250 in an auction of summer 2000 .
When I first wrote my article on this parody we knew of about a half - dozen covers .
We now know of more than 30 .
Many of the covers contained this black propaganda message .
It is entitled " Germans of the Reich . "
It pretends to be written by a group of Germans living in occupied Poland .
It berates the Nazi Party for the " wild , thoughtless and indeed stupid methods " used against the Poles which have just made them more fanatical in their hatred toward Germany .
Some of the extremely long text on both sides of the leaflet is :
At this time when everything is at risk and the Russian Bolsheviks infiltrate the hinterland of the front with saboteurs and gangs it is a purely irresponsible action on the part of the High Police Director to have entire villages in the district of Zamsoc forcefully relocated ...
It is easy to explain and understand why resistance occurred .
Prepared for the worst , the angry farmers turned to resistance .
Police measures taken during this campaign caused 2000 innocent humans to lose their lives ...
This is the fruit of unpardonable and foolish PARTY POLITICS ...
To those of us Volksdeutsche who have lived peacefully and untroubled among the Poles for decades , these measures are so alienating that they provoke only true terror at the thought of this degeneration of German culture ...
British Political Warfare Executive Leaflet G.49 uses the same portrait of Hans Frank in a wanted poster .
The Royal Air Force airdropped it over the enemy for two consecutive nights starting 9 August 1943 .
The leaflet is printed in black and red and the " G " in the code indicates it targeted German military and civilians .
The folded leaflet opens up on one side to show German troops supervising the digging of mass graves for murdered Polish civilians with the caption : Justice After a Mass Execution in the Lublin District Some of the text is :
Will the war criminals ever admit that the war is lost ?
No , never .
As long as they can find anyone stupid enough to die for them they will exploit this .
They will never capitulate .
Who in their position would do so ?
They will stop at nothing in order to make others die for them to the last possible moment , in order to prolong their own lives .
For this they will be prepared to go to any lengths .
They will lie as long as lies are effective .
When lies no longer help them they will use brute force .
For they have , according to Goebbels ' own words " destroyed all their bridges behind them " .
The war criminals are the war prolongers .
The other side of the leaflet is entitled :
For them war means life , peace means death
The leaflet depicts six documents with photographs of high Nazi officials charged with war crimes .
They are Geppert , Alvensieben , Zörner , Fischer , Wächter and Frank .
Beneath the Frank document is the caption : Frank Wanted for murder .
The number of victims is not completely established ; but probably more than one million .
He is co-responsible for the mass murder of Jews in special extermination camps in Belzec and Treblinka .
He is solely responsible among other things for the murder of 430 Poles in Iza , 23 in the district of Grojec ( March 1943 ) , 94 in Warsaw , 180 in the district of Miechow , 4 in the district of Milec , and 60 in the district of Sandomierz ( May 1943 ) .
A similar leaflet is coded G.70 with the title " The Accounts are being Kept . "
It was airdropped by the R.A.F. from 22 September 1943 to 18 October 1943 .
This second leaflet was black and white and depicted just five wanted criminals instead of the six of G.49 .
They are Geppert , Zörner , Fischer , Alvensieben , and Frank .
The caption beneath the Frank photograph is the same as G.49 above .
True to their word , the Allies executed Hans Frank by hanging after the end of WWII .
This is his official photograph , released by the U.S. Government .
Howard K. Smith wrote that :
He was the only one of the condemned to enter the chamber with a smile on his countenance .
Although nervous and swallowing frequently , this man , who claimed to have returned to his childhood Catholic faith after his arrest , gave the appearance of being relieved at the prospect of atoning for his evil deeds .
In October 2009 , a single copy of the Hans Frank stamp with margins on two sides sold for $ 1,000 at auction .
There is an entire field of collecting that we call " Secret Posts . "
These are various secret addresses that were used during WWII to get mail to and from agencies in the Axis and Allied camps .
They allowed people on different sides to correspond and conduct business .
There are literally hundreds of such addressed , some to low value civilian organizations , and some to extremely important military agencies .
The 22 February 1944 card above was mailed from German - occupied Warsaw , Poland , to Rus Alexandre Herculano 41 in Lisbon , Portugal .
Since Lisbon was a hotbed of intrigue as a neutral country on the Continent , there are over 50 such addresses in that nation alone .
This particular card would have been picked up and forwarded to the Polish Red Cross in London .
This is a very important field and deserves an article of its own .
We just show one card to whet the appetite of the reader .
I first wrote about this forgery in " Allied forgeries of the postage stamps of Nazi Germany , " The American Philatelist , February 1971 .
The British forged the 1934 German 12 pfennig carmine Hindenburg medallion stamp to mail propaganda tracts to Germany .
The forgery is printed by typography on unwatermarked paper in sheets of 4 ( 2x2 ) , and possibly in sheets of 15 ( 3x5 ) or 20 ( 4x5 ) .
They were perforated 14 x 14 1/ 4 comb , very close to the genuine .
The forgery is excellent , but may quickly be distinguished from the genuine since the unshaded area of the throat is wider in the forgery , and the forgery shows a red border around the head ( particularly the face ) that is absent in the genuine .
A declassified memorandum found in the British Public Records Office by Lee Richards may cast light on this item .
The text reads : 4 April 1941 - 10 April 1941 / German Stamps .
We have sent D/H Section [ SOE Balkans & Middle East Section ] 5,000 12 pf. stamps , including a few genuine ones , for the purposes of posting letters in Germany , for use of the Middle East .
This must refer to the Hindenburg forgery , as there is no other known British forgery of a 12 pfennig stamp .
The SOE may have inherited the stamp forgery project from an earlier propaganda unit such as Section D under Major Lawrence Grand .
Another probable reference to the Hindenburg forgery is in Charles Cruickshank 's SOE in Scandinavia .
Cruickshank reports the use of forged German stamps by what must have been Section D in Stockholm , and that section existed only from 1938 to July 1940 .
He also mentions a courier taking 10,000 envelopes with forged stamps into the Third Reich each week .
The Hindenburg forgery appears on envelopes containing propaganda messages .
The propaganda messages are a series of numbered and dated pamphlets entitled " Tatsachen / Informationsblatt für Deutsche " ( " Factual Information Sheet for Germans " ) .
The German - language propaganda messages in the envelopes include the following subtitles : " German mothers : What will become of our children ? " ; " To Germany 's thirty million Catholics " ; and " German youth are on the march ... but where ? "
The known titles of the propaganda fit well with the main propaganda themes used by Section D : attacking the Nazi-Soviet Non-aggression Pact , attacking the anti-Christian policies of the Nazis , propaganda aimed specifically at German women , and propaganda to cause division between Germany and Austria .
Several envelopes containing propaganda and bearing uncanceled stamps exist .
A single canceled example appeared in 1998 from Brachelen dated 26.4.41 .
The British PWE produced a " Witzleben " black parody of the Germany 1943 24+26 pfennig brown-red Hitler Putsch stamp , PWE No. H.1227 ( November 1944 ) .
I first wrote about this product in " More propaganda parodies , " German Postal Specialist , April 1977 .
The parody shows General Field Marshall Erwin von Witzleben , whom the Germans hanged for his role in the unsuccessful plot to blow up Hitler .
Text is " Gehangt am 8 Aug 1944 : und ihr habt doch gesiegt , " ( " Hanged on 8 August 1944 : and despite all you were victorious . " ) .
The British product parodied an earlier genuine German stamp depicting a Storm Trooper .
The parody was printed photogravure in sheets of 20 ( 4x5 ) , perforated 14 .
5,000 sheets were sent to Major Wintle for the SOE on 7 December 1944 .
In 1940 , von Witzleben ( 1881 - 1944 ) was Commander of Army Group D in France , and was in overall charge of Army West when he was relieved by Hitler .
Witzleben was an active conspirator against the Hitler regime , and was chosen as the military head of the resistance group that was to have formed a new government had the plot to assassinate Hitler succeeded .
We mentioned earlier that spies seldom get it right when they talk about stamps .
Ewan Butler was in charge of the German Section of the British Special Operations Executive in Stockholm , Sweden .
In regard to the Witzleben parody , like Delmer , he calls the single stamp a set : London provided us with another set of forged stamps .
These bore the head of Field Marshall von Witzleben , who had headed the military element of the plot , recorded the date of his execution , and a slogan originally devised by the Nazis to honor those who fell in the Munich Putsch on November 1923 ...
A full sheet of 20 British parodies of the German Witzleben stamp was sold in June 2013 for 5,000 Euros ( $ 6725 US ) and another was offered in December 2013 for 9500 Euros ( $ 12,835 US ) .
THE WINTER RELIEF PARODY STAMPS
No mention of British parodies would be complete without a look at the " Winter Relief Fund " parodies .
These stamps have been talked about in the philatelic press for years , the one stamp often called " Himmler talking his head off . "
I first wrote about these stamps in " A philatelic view of Heinrich Himmler , " The American Philatelist , February 1970 .
The background story is wonderful with the image being used by both the British and the Germans , each for their own propaganda purposes .
I also depict some of the items in my article on " Death and Disfigurement " as a PSYOP
Theme here .
The British PWE " Winterhilfe " black propaganda stamps were modeled vaguely after the Germany 1938 Winterhilfe stamps .
The Nazi Party maintained a winter charity , for which there was an annual fund drive .
Those who contributed received a variety of small items in return .
The " Winterhilfe " had for a motto " No one shall go hungry or cold . "
Anyone could apply for aid , and according to their needs might receive cash or food , fuel , or clothing .
The parodies are PWE No. H.292 ( December 1942 ) .
Printed offset in booklet form , perforated 14 comb , in quantity 10,000 in January 1943 and delivered to the SOE on 7 and 8 January 1943 .
100 additional booklets were sent to the Free French on 28 April 1943 .
The booklets were issued to Free Polish units operating aircraft in the Mediterranean area .
The PWE also prepared propaganda covers bearing these labels , destined for Poland .
The stamp and cover propaganda operation was halted , and the items recalled to Great Britain and destroyed .
Only a few booklets and covers survived , retained by some of the Polish pilots .
The stamps are not exceedingly rare but the complete booklets are .
Several have been sold over the years .
In 1987 a complete booklet was sold for $ 2,000 .
In 2013 , another such booklet sold for $ 4,700 .
A Belgian underground newspaper , " La Voix des Belges , " No. 36 , January 1944 , has a short article ( in French ) entitled " Wintershilfswerk " that reports a correspondent who returned from Germany with two clandestinely sold vignettes that appear to be the British propaganda stamps .
If true , this would be the only indication of the use of the stamps inside Germany .
However , this report may have originated with British intelligence , who often inserted propaganda misinformation to encourage the resistance .
An envelope exists dated 13 September 1943 that bears two of the parody stamps ( heavily cancelled " O.K.I. 689 " by a German administrative department ) and a Belgian stamp addressed to " Headquarters in Nivelles . "
Philatelic specialists believe that this envelope was prepared by the Belgian Underground .
Between 1941 and 1943 , over a hundred British PWE and SOE agents were sent to Belgium , so bringing the parody stamps in would be no problem .
We should add that the stamps did not just appear on the scene full blown .
In late 1942 , as PWE No. H235 , the British produced a set of five 3x4 1/2 - inch gummed leaflets using the Winterhilfswerk theme .
The five leaflets show ( H.235A ) Goebbels talking ; ( H.235B ) Himmler with a businessman ; ( H.235C ) soldier with his face shot off ; ( H.235D ) Himmler holding a gun and a collection tin ; ( H.235E ) Hitler .
Leaflets ( C ) and ( D ) depict the basic vignettes subsequently used on the stamp parodies .
As a part of its counteroffensive in February 1945 , Germany dropped a related leaflet on U.S. troops .
The German leaflet bears the " face shot away " picture , as in leaflet ( C ) , with a message on the horrors of war .
I illustrate and describe this item in " Conversations with a master forger , " Scott 's Monthly Stamp Journal , January 1980 and here .
GERMANY 50 PFENNIG RAILWAY FISCAL STAMP
The British also parodied and forged a number of German stamps , labels and ration coupons .
This is one of the rarest forgeries known .
The British PWE forgery of a Germany 50 pfennig buff railway fiscal stamp , displaying a stylized imperial eagle within a circle containing text Deutsche Reichsbahn .
The genuine stamp is No. M3a in Martin Erler & John A. Norton , Katalog der Stempelmarken von Deutschland ( Catalogue of the Adhesive Revenues of Germany ) , Vol. 1 : Deutsches Reich / Bundesrepublik , ORA Verlag , Icking , Germany , 1988 .
The forgery is printed in a miniature sheet of 4 , perforated 14 3/4:14 ; the genuine stamp is perforated 14 .
The forgery was presumably prepared for use on forged Reichsbahn employee identity cards .
The German identity cards required a current " evidence stamp . "
( In some cases , for instance with Ostbahn evidence stamps , there was a different colored stamp for each month . )
Employees of the Reichsbahn ( the German national railway ) were issued an identification card with a stamp placed on it .
A corner margin copy was offered at the 28th Henry Passier auction on 6 July 1968 , but was not sold .
It was offered again at the auctions of 28 June 1969 , 31 January 1970 , and 29 August 1970 , before being sold at the 41st Passier auction on 8 January 1972 for DM 180 .
A 1972 DBZ magazine article reported that the buyer was C. von Schubert .
This same item was sold by the 227th Interphila / Grobe & Lange auction on 29 June 2001 , in a mixed lot of " private forgeries " that sold for DM 2100 .
The British PWE forged the German 1942 blue Luftfeldpost military air permit stamp , PWE No. H.349 ( February 1943 ) ; reprinted as PWE No. H.516 ( August 1943 ) .
I first wrote about this forgery in " Allied Forgeries of the Postage Stamps of Nazi Germany , " The American Philatelist , February 1971 .
The stamp was printed typographed in sheets of 20 ( 4x5 ) .
Perforated 12 1/2 comb ( the genuine item is perforated 13 1/4:14 , rouletted , or imperforate ) .
Although the quality of the forgery is excellent , it may be easily distinguished from the genuine by the presence of an open rather than closed radio antenna and by breaks in one of the shading lines in the sky behind the tail .
( The breaks form " ...-" , Morse code for " V , " and it has been suggested that this was introduced as " V for Victory " propaganda . )
Under PWE No. H.349 , 25,000 copies were delivered to the SOE on 23 March 1943 , 37,500 on 2 April , and 62,500 on 5 April ; an additional 12,500 were sent to the Free French on 28 April .
Under PWE No. H.516 , 30,000 copies were delivered to the SOE on 11 August 1943 , and 50,000 on 16 August .
The original German model was used to enable soldiers in Russia and Norway to communicate to and from their families at home by a faster method than the normal feldpost system .
An early memorandum dated 26 February 1943 from Sefton Delmer describes the intended purpose of this and other forgeries : Memorandum re H.349 ...
These air field - post stamps give soldiers the right to send mail home by air post .
Distribution of these stamps among soldiers in occupied territories would not only prove very acceptable to the soldiers , e.g. as a bribe , but hamper the German field postal authorities , who , as part of a campaign for the isolation of the front from the home country , are cutting down , as far as possible , field post in general .
It would also swell the volume of airmail , that is , burdening the German air mail to an extent undesired by the German authorities ...
Every forgery of this kind that we can get circulated increases the sense of instability and insecurity and has a demoralizing effect .
It has been stated that the forgery was intended to be used to mail propaganda literature to Germany from occupied Norway .
Whatever the intended uses , there is no evidence that mail bearing this forgery was ever sent through the German feldpost system .
The British also counterfeited the stamps of the occupied Netherlands .
I first wrote about this operation in " Those Doughty Dutch Decoys , " The American Philatelist , October 1970 .
The British forgery of the Netherlands 1935 1 ½ cent slate " seagull " stamp was produced in sheets of 20 ( 5x4 ) .
This was the standard pattern for the forgeries produced by Waterlow and Sons printers for the British Intelligence service , and thus the stamps are often called British products .
The round head and point eye of the seagull ( really a carrier pigeon ) and the short height of the letters are similar to those in the redesigned series of 1941 [ Mi.380-391 ] , which does not contain a 1 ½ cent item .
The time of production of this forgery is not definitely known , but is surely between April and November 1941 : the redesigned series of Dutch stamps did not come into existence until April , and the quality of the work is too poor to attribute it to PWE 's Ellic Howe , who began his work in November .
The most probable originator is Section D. A.J. Pekelharing , whose article " British ' propaganda ' forgery of World War II - The 1 ½ cent ' Lebeau ' " , is translated in The Cinderella Philatelist , October 1986 , page 78 , speculates that the British assumed that the 1 ½ cent would also be reissued in the new design , and mistakenly adopted the new design .
I should add that the Dutch Government in Exile worked with the PWE and SOE in Great Britain and Abraham Elzas , the owner of one strip of the Seagull forgeries stated in 1974 that “ These stamps were printed in England during the war by the Dutch Government in Exile and were handed to parachutists who were dropped over occupied Holland . ”
I have found no mention of this stamp being printed by the British , but that is not definitive since there are many black items printed by the British that were given no specific job number .
On the other hand , A Dutch specialist told me in 1970 that a large group of about 240 copies of the forgery were sold by a former officer of British Intelligence who had been ordered to destroy them at the end of the war .
I know that such an order was given because I spoke to Ellic
Howe years after the war when he visited me and asked to photograph my collection because the government had destroyed all of his productions under the Official Secrets Act at War ’s end .
There were also a number of British forgeries of French stamps in the lot which does indicate a British hand in the project .
A dealer by the name of Trager originally purchased the entire lot .
A Dutch dealer named Manuskowski then purchased about 220 of the forgeries .
The Dutch forgeries were all in vertical strips of four which indicate 12 broken sheets .
No full sheets exist as far as we know .
One alleged franked postcard was in the lot and sold to a South African collector .
Some envelopes are known but considered post - war fakes .
The Dutch Speciale Catalogus 2016 says that this forgery was fabricated during WWII by order of the British Ministry of War at Waterlow and Sons Ltd. Printers in London .
I have no idea where they got that information though it is probably true .
I have not seen that printed in any wartime documents .
German specialist Wolfgang Baldus commented that the forged stamps could have been used by a parachutist to send a postcard to a contact stating that he had arrived safely since they were legal on postcards bearing no more than five words .
Another theory is that printed propaganda was sent in envelopes inside the Netherlands franked by the forged stamp .
The British forgery of the German Hindenburg stamp was routinely used for that purpose .
The forgery is known used on cover addressed to a firm in Den Haag .
A large ( 25x18 cm ) business cover exists from Instituut voor Individueel Onderwijs , postmarked Gravenhage Station H.IJ.S.M .
20 -5- 43N , addressed to E. Rutsma - Brenks , Voorburg ( Z - Holland ) Princes Mariannelaan 32 .
There is a private patriotic overprint Houdt Goeden Moed ( " Have Good Courage " ) on two values of the Netherlands Queen Wilhelmina issue of 1940 .
The stamps are known in various arrangements of canceled and uncanceled , on and off cover , and on cover with or without address .
They were produced by Mr. Pieter Jacob van den Ban , a Schiedam stamp dealer , using his remnants of two values of the still - valid Wilhelmina issue .
To lessen the likelihood of casual detection , the overprints are applied with a light shade of the basic color of the stamp .
I illustrated and discussed these stamps in " Those Doughty Dutch Decoys , " The American Philatelist , October 1970 .
According to published data , 90 copies of the 5 cents dark green stamp with light green overprint and 45 copies of the 12 1/ 2 cent dark blue stamp with light blue overprint were produced .
About ten copies of each stamp on cover are known .
These stamps fall into a gray area .
They were privately produced and that makes them suspect , but apparently van den Ban was a member of the Dutch Underground and as far as is known he never sold a stamp for profit .
The copies on the market turned up after the war when his belongings were sold to pay his taxes .
As a result , although made by a private individual .
They probably can be considered legitimate propaganda parodies .
Allegedly , the Dutch used the phrase " houdt goeden moed " as a test to detect German agents , since the Dutch " g " in " goeden " is pronounced with a harsh glottal " h " that was difficult for Germans to voice .
The British PWE forged the Italian 1929 - 42 25 centesimi green Victor Emmanuel III stamp in sheets of 20 ( 5x4 ) , perforated 14 3/4:14 .
The genuine stamp is perforated 14 .
Prepared by Ellic Howe , probably in 1942 or the first half of 1943 , but possibly as late as summer or fall of 1943 .
It is possible that this stamp was prepared to assist in the dissemination from Italy of the so - called " Naples letters " ( PWE No. H.298 ) in the first week of January 1943 , although this has not been confirmed .
I believe that it is common knowledge that the British counterfeited the 3 , 4 , 6 and 8 pfennig stamps of Nazi Germany .
I have not bothered to add them to this story because they are fairly common and everyone is already aware of them .
I wrote about them as early as February 1971 in " Allied Forgeries of German Stamps , " The American Philatelist .
The British placed the 3 - pfennig forged Hitler head stamp on a number of different propaganda cards .
The Robert Ley postcard is certainly the best known and most well referenced in the literature .
I considered adding one of the rarer British productions such as the Scheel , Halder , or Schieber postcards to this story but the webmaster thought that we should depict the Ley card because there is so much information known about it .
The British PWE black Robert Ley propaganda card is known in two formats , one imprinted Drucksache ( printed matter ) and the other imprinted FELDPOST .
I first illustrated these and other British postcards in " Venomous propaganda post cards , " The American Philatelist , May 1969 ; and later updated the story in " Black British Propaganda Postcards , " The American Philatelist , June 1988 .
Also see my internet article here .
Those imprinted Drucksache were often franked with the British forgery of the Germany 3 pfennig red - brown Hitler - head stamp .
They sometimes have an address ; sometimes a forged postmark .
Large numbers of the Ley cards with forged stamps were dropped by Allied planes on 8 - 9 January 1944 in the vicinity of Hombourg , Belgium .
The PWE code is H.623 .
It was prepared November 1943 to early 1944 .
80,000 were sent to the R.A.F. on 1 December 1943 .
As Q24 it was balloon - dropped from 8 January 1944 to 19 March 1945 .
The front features an obviously well - fed Reich Commissar Ley giving a speech at the left and a 15 - line message in German at the right : The Normal Consumer and Reich Commissar , Reich Leader Dr. Robert Ley , said in The Angriff of 12 October 1943 : '... We National Socialists know no such thing as diplomatic rations .
Every man , whether he is a Reich minister or a Reich leader , has to live on rations just like any ordinary workman , mechanic , and official .
The normal rations are enough .
I myself am a normal consumer and live on them ... ( See other side ) . '
On the left of the address side is a lengthy German text citing the regulations that legalized diplomatic rations for Nazi officials .
The text shows that officials received special rations .
It says in part : ... ( 1 ) for themselves and their families ... ( 2 ) for their co-workers , domestic and foreign ... ( 3 ) for special unavoidable parties ...
The text concludes with a pun that compares a big meal to a hanging : Good appetite , Herr Ley - the last course is the heaviest .
The Germans were aware of the propaganda postcards and forged stamps .
The Sonderausgabe zum Deutschen Kriminalpolizeiblatt ( Special Edition of the German Criminal Police Magazine ) , dated 2 May 1944 , number 4868 says : Lately Anglo - American bombers have spread large amounts of propaganda postcards with forged 3 Reichspfennig post stamps .
Description of the forgery :
The printed section is just a little bit smaller than the original .
The paper of the forgery is a little bit more yellow .
In UV - light the genuine post stamps light blue , where as the forgeries light yellow .
The original post stamp has sharper edges printed .
The letters of the forgery are also of a less sharp printing .
The hairs , eyes , nose chin and moustache are different .
It has to be reported when these items are distributed or collected .
No public warning should be done .
The Ley Feldpost card does not bear the counterfeit 3 - pfennig stamp .
It was PWE No. H.641 and Q30 .
It was reprinted as PWE Nos. H.734 , H.743 , H.773 , and H.792 .
Erik Gjems - Onstad ( in charge of the British SOE Operation Durham in Norway 1943 - 1945 ) reports that his unit received 200 copies of H.641 on 11 August 1944 .
The GPS author and expertiser Werner Bohne had a Ley card stamped with the British Luftfeldpost forgery .
He had sold it by the time I found out so there was no way to tell if this was truly a British product , or just an interesting conversation piece made by some collector who placed an airmail stamp on the card to make an instant rarity .
Forged reprints of the Ley cards appeared in Europe in the late 1980s .
The forgeries have darker printing of the picture and writing , and either have no stamp or have a genuine German 3 pfennig Hitler - head stamp .
Besides the British forgery of an Italian stamp ; the PWE also parodied the Italian 1941 Italian - German friendship issue in perforated sheets of 20 ( 4x5 ) .
Both parodies call attention to the notion that Hitler is in full charge of the Axis partnership .
They were probably prepared in fall 1943 .
I first mentioned these parodies in " More propaganda parodies , " German Postal Specialist , April 1977 .
There are two British productions .
The first is a 25 centesimi green parody , with Hitler snarling at a surprised Mussolini .
The Latin text " Duo popoli / Un führer " ( " Two peoples , one leader " ) replaces the original " Duo popoli / Un guerra " ( " Two peoples , one war " ) .
Mussolini 's ceremonial axe and sword are chipped .
It is known perforated 13 1/2 and imperforate .
The second stamp is a 50 centesimi green parody of the Italian violet , with the German text " Zwei Volker / Ein Krieg " ( " Two peoples , one war " ) inscription replacing the original Italian text " Poste Italiane . "
Otherwise , the rendition of the parody is faithful to the original .
This is a more subtle expression of German dominance than the other parody .
It is perforated 13 1/2 and known imperforate .
Fakes have been offered for sale in bright green , described as fraudulent ; and in washed - out green with oversize margins between the perforations and the stamp design , described as reprints .
The British PWE produced two propaganda booklets depicting stamps of the Italian 1941 Italian - German friendship issue .
The stamps depict Hitler and Mussolini .
The 16 - page booklets , in Italian , are entitled “ Here are your allies ” and “ Here are our enemies . ”
It seems likely that these similar yet complementary booklets were intended to be dropped together , so as to provide the Italian recipients with an ironic comparison between the formal alliance of the two leaders and the actual effect on the people of the country .
I first wrote about these items in the German Postal Specialist , April 1977 .
The 50 centesimi violet stamp is depicted on the booklet entitled Ecco I Vostri Alleati .
( “ Here are your allies ” ) showing Hitler and Mussolini smiling and talking in an open car .
Code I.44 .
The 1.25 lira blue stamp is depicted on booklet entitled Ecco I Nostri Nemici ( “ Here are our enemies ” ) , showing Hitler and Mussolini smiling and talking in an open car .
Code I.52 .
During WWII Verona was a hotbed of Axis propaganda .
Many of the German and Italian PSYOP items were printed there .
Apparently , after the fall of the Fascist government in Italy the Allies used the same printing plant .
This U.S. Army propaganda postcard depicts a caricature of Benito Mussolini in an open car with Claretta Petacci ( Bibi ) , his 33 - year - old mistress .
Text on the front in English , Italian and French is " Bibi's Escape . "
A suitcase in the open truck is labeled " Shining gold . "
Il Duce was denounced at a meeting of the Fascist Grand Council on 25 July 1943 and jailed , but rescued on the order of Adolf Hitler and returned to Northern Italy where he ruled a Republican Fascist state .
On 28 April 1945 , Mussolini , along with his mistress was caught by Communist partisans as he tried to escape to Switzerland .
He and Claretta were summarily executed without judicial procedure and hung from lamp poles .
Hitler was so shocked by the brutality of the execution and public humiliation that he ordered his staff to burn his body after his suicide .
The back of the postcard bears the text : " Authorized 8- 6- 45 Psychological Warfare Branch - Press Office - Verona - Reproduction prohibited . "
I often add items other than purely philatelic pieces to my propaganda collection , especially if they are in the form of postcards or air letters .
This very interesting piece was produced by the Germans and is in the form of a postcard to be used by prisoners to notify their family of their fate .
I first wrote about and illustrated this item in " Postcards to the enemy , " S.P.A. Journal , July 1971 .
The German postcard inscribed " Siegfried Frontline - Service , " was delivered by rifle grenade to British and American troops at the Siegfried Line about July 1944 .
One side has space for addressee and sender , and has a small winged shell containing the text " By rifle - grenade mail " in the lower left corner .
The other side has a space for a 15 - word message , and instructions for use .
The card is code numbered SW - 31 and printed in bright red , white , and black .
The postcard - leaflet was produced by the German propaganda agency Skorpion West .
Before we leave the British propagandists I want to mention that it was not just stamps and postcards that were caricatured and forged .
Besides philatelists , numismatists can also enjoy studying and collecting in this field .
I always like to point out that the very same people that were producing the postage stamps were also producing propaganda and forged banknotes .
When I exhibited I always added a few banknotes to the display frames to show the variety and the scope of the Allied and Axis propagandists .
Just as the British produced black propaganda banknotes along with their stamps , the exact same people who were producing the parodies of British stamps that we illustrate below were also counterfeiting British currency .
I have written 25 articles on propaganda currency for the International Banknote Society Journal that discuss this thematic in great detail .
More detailed information on the banknote depicted above is found in my article " Psywar currency against Germany " , Whitman Numismatic Journal , January 1967 and later in " Propaganda Currency of Great Britain and the Allies , IBNS Journal , Volume 24 , Number 3 , 1985 .
There are four different British PWE parodies of the German 50 reichspfennig armed forces auxiliary payment certificate with propaganda messages in German on back prepared under PWE No. H.692 .
The four notes are designated PWE No. H.692A through H.692D .
The notes were reprinted as PWE No. H.917 .
All are red and brown on white paper , 12 x 6 cm .
The parodies are excellent reproductions of the original certificate , complete with watermark .
10,000 each of H.692A through D were sent to the SOE on 24 February 1944 ; 80,000 each were sent to the R.A.F. on 1 March 1944 .
210,000 of reprint H.917 was sent to the R.A.F. on 19 May 1944 .
They were also distributed by balloon from 13 March to 16 July 1944 .
I selected this note to depict because the text on the back is down to earth and very basic .
I am a piece of Hitler 's ass paper .
Nobody accepts me because nobody can buy anything with me I said at the start of this article that I would show the reader many of the rarest propaganda stamps of WWII .
This item is extremely rare , and I do n't think it has ever been depicted before .
It was originally in the collection of my friend Swedish Specialist Ulf Gunnarsson .
I knew Ulf well and we had talked of writing an English - language book on propaganda stamps shortly before his sudden death .
He had previously written a Swedish - language booklet on the subject .
The above sheetlet was printed by the Czechoslovakian Government - in - Exile .
The forgery is known from a single sheet of four .
The construction of this sheet is highly unusual .
The four items are separated by wide gutters , with line perfora­tions 13 3/ 4 passing through all the margins of the stamps .
The forgeries are printed on pelure paper - a thin , tough , nearly transparent paper with a grayish cast , which allows a somewhat vague see - through view of material printed on the back side .
Two side - by - side stamps separated by gutters are printed on each side of the sheet .
For the pair of stamps on each side , the printing seems to have been done in two passes - a light red - brown print for the border color , and a slightly darker red - brown for the main design .
A 1948 letter attests that the stamps were produced by the Czech government - in - exile in London during World War II in order to provide fake passports for Czech parachutists dropped into occupied Czecho­slovakia .
This sheet is probably a proof of an item whose production was discontinued .
The forgery is a faithful replica of the original 1938 Czech fiscal , except that the colored under printing for the stamp border is done on the top side of the stamps , rather than on the back side as in the original .
As long as we are talking about Czechoslovakia we should mention another item that my old pal Herman " Pat " Herst Jr. mentions in his book Nassau Street .
Years ago I used to visit him in Shrub Oak N.Y. and we would discuss these stamps while sitting around his pool .
I am not saying that I believe the story , but Pat believed in and as a result I bought the sheets years ago and wrote about them in an article entitled " Secret Czech patriotic marks on Bohemia , Moravia stamps , " Linn 's Weekly Stamp News , 30 August 1965 .
According to Pat , there is a secret anti-Hitler message on the unofficial Czechoslovakian propaganda souvenir sheet produced by the Czecho­slovakian stamp trade for an exhibition in Brno on 19 September 1942 .
This sheet has a photograph of the back side of a statue of a large man with his buttocks exposed .
Curiously , directly under the exposed buttocks one finds a copy of a 1942 Bohemia and Moravia stamp featuring the head of Adolf Hitler .
Although the Germans were allegedly delighted with the honor , the message conveyed by the patriotic designers of the sheet was anything but complimentary .
The sheet exists in green and brown .
The German Army occupied the Channel Islands on 1 July 1940 .
During the occupation , the letters " AAAA " and " AABB " were placed in the corners of the Jersey low value postage stamps .
The letters AAAA appear in the four corners of the Jersey 1941 ‑ 42 1 - pence red postage stamp and are alleged to represent the phrase Ad Avernum , Adolphe Atrox ( " Go to hell , cruel Adolf " ) .
The letters AABB are alleged to represent the phrase " Adolphe Atrox , Bloody Benito . "
The " A " appears in the two top corners , the " B " in the two bottom corners of the Jersey 1941 - 1942 1/2 - pence green postage stamp .
This story sounds like absolute nonsense and I really do not want to believe it , but the British designer and engraver of the stamps , Colonel ( then Major ) N.V.L.
Rybot , stated in a letter that he included the secret letters in an effort to lift the spirits of those few patriots who were in on the plot : I did not produce the stamps to support the enemy .
The commission gave me the opportunity to play a trick on them .
I inserted tiny " A"s in the corner meaning " Ad Avernum , Adolphe Atrox , " that is " Go to Hell , Cruel Adolf " in Latin .
When I engraved the 1/2d stamp I inserted " A...A " and " B...B " in the corner dots , meaning " Adolphe Atrox " and " Bloody Benito . "
I had always heard that the letters " AA " meant " Atrocious Adolf , " but I think we must use the meaning that Rybot intended .
Wolfgang Baldus points out that the letters are so small and often so blurred that they cannot be propaganda because without a magnifying glass they can hardly be seen .
He thinks that propaganda that is undetectable is senseless .
He concludes : Rybot 's subversive act was just for his own satisfaction .
The stamps are just a curiosity .
The French " Faux Petain " forgery The French underground produced a " Faux Petain " forgery of the France 1941 - 43 1.50 francs red-brown Petain bareheaded stamp .
I first mentioned this stamp in " World War II 's Most Mistreated Postage Stamp , " S.P.A. Journal , November 1969 .
The forgery is rather crudely executed and is printed ungummed on poor - quality white paper that shows yellowing from age .
The stamp was printed on several occasions and is found in nine shades of red - brown varying in the depth of the color and the degree of reddish cast .
The forgery was printed in sheets of 96 ( 12x8 ) consisting of 4 panels of 24 ( 6x4 ) separated by gutters .
The forgery is perforated 11 1/2 , rather than the 14:13 1/2 of the original .
It is also known imperforate and with various partial perforations .
The back of each quarter - sheet panel of 24 stamps contains a hand stamp covering from 4 to 9 stamps , varying in color from red to violet and consisting of a 37 mm circle enclosing the Cross of Lorraine and the text " Defense de la France - Direction / Atelier des Faux " ( " French Underground - Directorate / Forgery Bureau " ) .
It has been suggested that the Faux Petain was produced by a Vichy - oriented resistance group in order to avoid acquiring postage from the French PTT , which was viewed as too closely allied with the FFI .
The Faux Petain was produced in early 1944 , and was allegedly used to frank clandestine literature from 25 January to 30 May 1944 .
The stamps were prepared by photogravure .
Allegedly , attempts to perforate the stamps by a sewing machine and by using perforations called " bread coupons " were disastrous .
Finally , an old perforation machine was found and used .
The forgeries were left ungummed since no gumming machine was available ; a glue pot was used to stick the labels to envelopes .
Despite the poor quality of the forgery , which would seem to make actual wartime postal usage unlikely , several covers bearing the forgery , including one dated 22 May 1944 addressed to Madame Rollin of Paris , are in the collection of the French War Museum .
The Faux Petain appeared on several postwar souvenir sheets for the Brussels Exposition in November 1945 .
On these sheets , the Faux Petain stamps bear a circular cancel " D.F. / Atelier des Faux . "
I call this the " DeGaulle Profile " because the French also prepared a DeGaulle stamp in " full face . "
The French underground - Forces Frangais ` l'Intirieur ( FFI ) DeGaulle parody of France 1941 - 1943 1.50 francs red-brown Petain bare - headed depicts Charles DeGaulle in left profile .
I first wrote about this parody in " World War II 's most mistreated postage stamp , " S.P.A. Journal , November 1969 .
The parodies are of poor quality , printed in brown on pale cream paper or on grayish paper , in sheets of 9 ( 3x3 ) with clear margins all around .
They are known perforated and imperforate .
The denomination of the parody is 1.50 francs and the text in the central oval is " Postes Francaises , " as on the genuine stamp used as a model .
They were produced in Nice by the FFI Combat resistance group .
Robert Thirin was the engraver ; Georges Fonat and Mlle. Georgette Houde did the printing ; Mlle .
Houde did the perforation .
The stamps were originally meant to be used in " pin-prick " operations - stuck on shop windows , doors , and prominent objects .
The parodies were successfully used on some mail in 1944 among Nice , Marseilles , and Lyon in Vichy France , and many covers are thought to exist , bearing the parody and genuine postage .
Canceled covers showing only the DeGaulle parody without proper postage are probably souvenirs prepared by the FFI .
As I mentioned above , the Forces Frangais ` l'Intirieur also prepared a stamp showing General Charles DeGaulle in full face .
This was a much more ambitious operation and the patriotic labels were placed between genuine stamps .
Once again the propaganda stamp is a parody of the France 1941 - 1943 1.50 francs Petain bareheaded .
It depicts Charles DeGaulle full - face , printed 10 per sheet in the vertical gutter between the central columns of genuine French Petain or Mercury stamps , thereby emerging " pre-per­forated . "
The denomination of the parody is 1.50 francs , as in the original model ; however , the text in the central oval of the parody is " Republique Francaise " rather than " Postes Francaise . "
The parody appears on 4 different Mercury sheets and on 20 different Petain sheets .
These parodies are of much higher quality than the left - profile DeGaulle production .
They were prepared in May 1943 by the FFI in Marseilles .
The full - face DeGaulle parodies were heavily used on mail in the Alps - Maritimes , which was under German occupation at the time , and in Paris , Lyon , Marseilles , and other centers of population .
However , these parodies are quite rare , and covers are extremely scarce .
One complete set exists in Europe .
This is not strictly propaganda ; its ostensible purpose was to aid in the conduct of business during the liberation of France .
However , it is so closely tied with the FFI 's forgeries and propaganda parodies that I include it here .
I first wrote about this item in an article entitled " Parodies of WWII French stamps , " Linn 's Weekly Stamp News , 11 April 1966 .
The " stamp " is a blue label with DeGaulle full - face and the inscriptions " Poste Speciale / F.F.I // M.L.N. " .
M.L.N. stands for Mouvement de Liberation Nationale ( National Liberation Movement ) .
It was prepared in Paris and used on covers to transport mail during one week of August 1944 when the normal post was not functioning and the Resistance took control .
Many envelopes were prepared as souvenirs at that time and later .
An FFI document exists entitled Explications des adresses portees sur les enveloppes ( " Explanation of addresses used on envelopes " ) , presenting coded addresses for 14 FFI / MLN functions .
The document further states that for reasons of security during the period of their clandestine activities , the FFI could not use the real addresses of service units .
Some other addresses are ; Credit Agricole pour la Region de l'Eure is really the Centre d'Action des Resistances Etrangeres , the Credit Foncier Lyonnais is the Corps Francs de la Liberation , and the Direction Affaires Orientales is the Direction de l'Action Ouvriere .
Just as the Germans were printing and sending propaganda postcards into France , the French were retaliating with their own postcards .
The card above depicts a caricature of Hitler making a speech :
Three years !
Five years !
Eight years !
Below , two children ask : Please , Mr. Leader , how much longer will your Lighting War last ?
These cards were produced before the German occupation of France and were used by the French in airdrops on German civilian areas .
I first described this propaganda postcard in " Postcards to the enemy , " S.P.A. Journal , July 1971 .
Three French squadrons dropped 587,500 cards in 10 raids between 23 March and 8 May 1940 .
The invasion of France began on 10 May 1940 .
Two varieties of the card exist : a version with black and red printing ( with red " Drei " , " Funf ' , " Acht " , and " Blitzkrieg " ) , and a later redrawn British version with black printing .
We have discussed " black " postage stamps so far , those whose origin was hidden from the finder .
Sometimes the stamps are " white , " or clearly marked so that the finder will know where they came from .
The Norwegian stamps are a perfect example .
They appear in the official Complete Index of Allied Airborne Leaflets and Magazines , and the finder would have no question but that they were British productions .
I first wrote about these stamps in " Those Scandalous Scandinavian Labels , " S.P.A. Journal , July 1967 .
Four different stamps exist .
The British SOE ( Department EH ) propaganda labels for Norway , officially known as the " Norwegian Stamp Collection , " were issued in 132x215 mm gummed sheets , with one large label and three or four smaller perforated postage ' stamp ' ­size labels .
The sheets are SOE code number EH ( N ) 811 .
They were prepared 7 June 1941 , and were circulated in Norway by agents and through two air drops .
200,000 sheets were printed by rotogravure , probably 50,000 of each type .
Proofs of the leaflets were available on 9 May 1941 .
It is probable that the date of first drop was to have been 17 May 1941 , Norwegian National Day , but delivery was delayed , and the drop was made over Bergen in daylight on 7 June 1941 .
The remaining stock was to have been destroyed on 19 July , but the sheets survived , to be used in a second drop on 19 - 20 September .
In addition to Bergen , leaflets were found in Askoy , Osteroya , and Fusa Fjord .
All four sheets have the common text in Norwegian " Essay for the Norwegian Postage Stamp Competition .
Three others follow by air mail . "
Propaganda leaflets depicting the vignettes from the gummed labels were prepared at the same time .
Sheet No. 1 : 15 xre green , " Alt for Tyskland " ( " All for Ger­many " , a parody of the King 's slogan , " All for Norway " ) , showing a fat Nazi officer with a pig under his arm , confiscating a Norwegian farmer 's live­stock .
Includes four small perforated labels .
Sheet No. 2 : 30 xre blue , perf .
" Wir fahren gegen Engelland " ( " We 're sailing against England " ) , showing Hitler wearing a Viking helmet , swimming with the aid of a life preserver .
Includes three small perforated labels .
Sheet No. 3 : 20 + 20 xre orange , " Lofoten 4 Mars 1941 ... " ( " Lofoten 4 March 1941 / Contribution to the fine " ) , showing a sailor stuffing little Nazis into a bag .
Includes three small perforated labels .
The label celebrates a successful raid by British commandos on the Lofoten Islands off the northwest coast of German - occupied Norway .
Sheet No. 4 : 30 stk solv ( pieces of silver ) blue , " Vanaere og forakt har Quislings faerd ham bragt " ( " Quisling 's conduct has brought him dishonor and contempt " ) , showing Vidkun Quisling , the notorious Norwegian traitor , with a noose around his head .
Includes three small perforated labels .
I mention these stamps although there is some question what we should call them .
They are not espionage forgeries or propaganda parodies , but they might be called " unissued stamps . "
They were apparently produced in good faith by Germany to be used by its Indian Legion .
Hitler despised the Indian troops and was happy to send their leader to Japan .
The stamps are interesting and we just mention them in passing and show a few of the vignettes .
I first wrote about them in " The Azad Hind Labels , " The SPA Journal , December 1971 .
That article was later expanded and became a booklet entitled Azad Hind and Chalo Delhi Stamps , published by Jal Cooper , Bombay , 1972 .
For those that are interested in currency , I also wrote about alleged banknotes of the Azad Hind movement in the International Banknote Society Journal , Volume 40 , Number 3 , 2001 .
According to the propaganda philately specialist Dave Ripley , the 1R + 2R image above depicts the most well - known Indian martyrs of the time : Sukhdev Thapar at left , Bhagat Singh as flag bearer and Shivaram Rajguru at right .
All were all hanged on 23 March 1931 for violent acts against harsh British rule and their bodies were secretly cremated on the banks of the River Satluj .
My good friend Wolfgang Baldus found five photographs in the German Bundesarchiv by a photographer named Aschenbroich .
He photographed the swearing - in of Indian volunteers of the Propaganda - Ersatz - Abteilung Potsdam ( “ Propaganda Replacement Unit Potsdam ” ) in 1942 .
It appears that Axster - Heudtlass used some of these photographs for the stamp .
Buyer beware !
We should also note that reproductions of these stamps in India are known .
One 2015 auction advertisement offered the above stamp ( normally priced at around $ 100 U.S. ) for $ 12.50 U.S. and said : Azad Hind Propaganda Postage Stamp on Japanese PSYOP during WWII India : Azad Hind , 1943 , 1r + 2 r Soldier with Free India Flag ( Michel VII .
Singer 8 ) , imperforate copy , composed of green and orange .
Reproduced Copy .
The Azad Hind ( Free India ) stamps were produced by Germany in 1943 for Subhas Chandra Bose 's Indian National Army movement .
Under the direction of Bose and with the approval of the German government , the noted German team of Werner and Maria Von Axter Heudtlass designed the stamps ; their " Ax - Heu " mark appears in the upper left corner of all the stamps except the 1 Rupee , where the mark is located at bottom left center .
Twelve million stamps were printed and gummed by the Reichsdruckerei in Berlin ( in the mid-1990s , some Indian sources have claimed Vienna as the origin ) .
The failure of the Free Indian Army to achieve any military success left the stamps without a reason for use , and the entire issue was still in storage in Europe at the end of the war .
The denominations known are 1/2 anna yellow - green ; 1 anna lilac - red ; 2 1/2 anna orange - red ; 1+1 anna dark brown ; 2+2 anna carmine ; 2 1/2+2 1/2 anna dark blue ; 3+3 anna red ; 8+12 anna blue - violet ; 12 anna + 1 rupee lilac - purple ; 1+2 rupee black / orange / green ; 1+2 rupee black ; and 1+2 rupee black / orange .
None of the stamps was ever placed in use .
One million stamps of each of the low values were printed .
The 1 + 2 rupees high denomination values are much scarcer , thought to be printed in the order shown above : 7,000 copies , 4,500 copies , and 2,000 copies .
Postwar forgeries exist , printed offset rather than photogravure , with a washed - out and somewhat unclear appearance ; in these forgeries , the " Ax - Heu " designers ' mark is missing or very blurred .
So - called " proofs " were produced by Sam Tiger Productions of Thailand in the mid-1990s .
The Chalo Delhi Stamps
There is a second set of stamps for the Free Indians ; these known as " Chalo Delhi " ( " On to Delhi " ) .
I wrote about them in Azad Hind and Chalo Delhi Stamps in 1972 , and later sent all of my reference notes to Andrew Freeston who wrote a booklet entitled The Azad Hind and Chalo Delhi Stamps of the Indian Legion and Indian National Army of Subhas Chandra Bose in 1999 .
A third booklet appeared in 2008 by Richard Warren entitled Chalo Delhi , the Real Story .
The search for the real story has been difficult because there was very little known about the stamps and there were two sets , either or both of which might have been fakes .
The story was that the issue was sponsored by the Indian National Army when the Japanese were preparing to attack Imphal .
If true , these stamps would have been used when the INA returned to India .
The denominations are 1 pice , magenta and 1 anna , green ( there
Copyright © 2004 by Jonathan Bartlett
Permission is granted to copy , distribute and / or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License , Version 1.1 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation ; with no Invariant Sections , with no Front - Cover Texts , and with no Back - Cover Texts .
A copy of the license is included in Appendix H. In addition , you are granted full rights to use the code examples for any purpose without even having to credit the authors .
To receive a copy of this book in electronic form , please visit the website http://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/pgubook/
This site contains the instructions for downloading a transparent copy of this book as defined by the GNU Free Documentation License .
All trademarks are property of their respective owners .
Mirror , mirror on the wall :
Who is the greenest of them all ?
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa has a plan to slash his city ’s planet - warming greenhouse gases to 35 % below the 1990 level by 2030 , and make L.A. the “ cleanest and greenest city in the country . ”
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has a blueprint to cut his city ’s greenhouse gases to 20 % below the 1990 level by 2012 , creating “ the greenest large city in the United States of America . ”
In both metropolises , those lofty promises are facing a critical test .
Advertisement
Today , the L.A. City Council will hold a public hearing and vote on Villaraigosa ’s proposal to make private developers meet nationally - developed green building standards .
Next month , the San Francisco Board of Supervisors will act on Newsom ’s proposed building ordinance .
Which is stricter ?
San Francisco ’s , by a long shot .
Which will remove more carbon dioxide , the main greenhouse gas , from the atmosphere ?
Los Angeles ’ -- but only because it ’s a bigger city , with a population approaching 4 million ; San Francisco ’s population is under 800,000 .
By and large , city governments can’t control gas - guzzling SUVs , devastated forests and big industrial pollution , all of which are major causes of global warming .
On the other hand , the built environment is their bailiwick .
Buildings account for an estimated 43 % of all greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S. , compared with 32 % from transportation and 25 % from industry .
Advertisement
But buildings ’ environmental footprints can be dramatically reduced by using low - irrigation landscaping ; efficient heating , air - conditioning and lighting ; solar panels ; roof gardens ; and low - emission paints , glues and carpets .
Seventeen states , including California , and 80 localities require public buildings to meet green standards .
But so far , only one state and 14 cities are applying those rules to private construction .
Los Angeles would be the biggest city to join the list .
Still , San Francisco ’s proposed standards “ would far surpass those of any other large city , ” according to Brooks Rainwater , director of local relations for the American Institute of Architects and author of a comprehensive study on green building programs .
Both cities use the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design system , developed by an industry - led nonprofit , the U.S. Green Building Council .
The group audits buildings after construction and judges them as LEED certified , the most lenient standard , up through LEED silver , gold , and platinum .
Advertisement
The LEED system is spreading rapidly across the country , with architects and developers competing to offer customers the most eco-chic projects .
Since 2003 , L.A. 's public structures , such as libraries and fire stations , have had to be LEED certified if they have more than 7,500 square feet of floor space .
But San Francisco has gone a step further , requiring LEED silver certification for any public construction over 5,000 square feet .
San Francisco also has a higher standard for fast - track permitting : Buildings must be LEED gold to qualify , while the threshold in Los Angeles is silver .
Nancy Sutley , L.A. 's deputy mayor for energy and environment , acknowledged that her city is moving more cautiously , but noted the “ sheer scale ” of its construction activity compared with its Northern California rival .
“ We think of San Francisco as a boutique city , ” she said .
Advertisement
Jared Blumenthal , director of San Francisco ’s Department of the Environment , counters that among other multimillion - dollar projects , his city is converting a 500 - acre former Naval base into 6,500 units of housing that will be certified as a LEED platinum neighborhood development .
“ Hardly boutique ! ” he exclaimed .
And with slight condescension , Blumenthal adds , “ We are thrilled that L.A. is now going to start reducing its CO2 . . .
If L.A. implemented our ordinance , it would have an even greater impact for all Angelenos . ”
L.A. 's new proposal for private construction , which would take effect in November , is looser than San Francisco ’s in every category .
It would require the equivalent of LEED certification only for buildings of 50,000 square feet or more .
In San Francisco , over the next four years , commercial buildings of 25,000 square feet or more would have to meet LEED gold standards , and residential high - rises of that size would have to meet LEED silver levels .
The L.A. plan would cover low - rise residential and single family homes only in developments with at least 50 units .
San Francisco ’s would cover all single - family homes and low - rise developments .
Advertisement
Sutley noted that the Los Angeles ordinance would cover more than twice as much space -- 7.5 million square feet -- as the San Francisco program , which would cover about 3 million square feet .
“ There were legitimate concerns about overwhelming the system , ” she said .
“ We will learn by doing . ”
Some critics discern a lack of political commitment in L.A. 's plan .
“ San Francisco ’s Department of the Environment is a robust , well - funded agency led by professionals with experience in green building , ” says Matt Peterson , president of Global Green , a nonprofit group that has advised both cities on their programs .
But L.A. 's effort , he said , is understaffed and lacking in authority .
Sutley countered that green building is “ a high priority ” for the mayor , and said the city ’s existing staff has ample experience working with LEED - certified municipal buildings .
As for San Francisco ’s stricter ordinance , she said with a chuckle , “ I do n’t know what to tell you .
It ’s a different group up there . ”
Advertisement
--
margot.roosevelt@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
Green cred
Los Angeles and San Francisco are moving to adopt laws to cut pollution from buildings .
Both plans use the nationally recognized Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design scale , which awards points for efficiency , materials and indoor air quality .
Ratings range from LEED to LEED silver , gold and platinum .
For residential buildings , San Francisco uses a similar system called GreenPoint .
PROPOSALS
New commercial buildings
Advertisement
* Los Angeles : must meet LEED standard if over 50,000 square feet
* San Francisco : must meet LEED gold standard if over 25,000 square feet
New high - rise residential buildings
* Los Angeles : must meet LEED standard if over 50,000 square feet and six stories high
Advertisement
* San Francisco : must meet LEED silver standard if over 75 feet tall
New low - rise residential and single - family units
* Los Angeles : must meet LEED standard for developments of 50 units or more
* San Francisco : all buildings must be GreenPoint rated
Advertisement
Major renovations
* Los Angeles : must meet LEED standard in buildings over 50,000 square feet
* San Francisco : must meet LEED silver standard in residential buildings over 25,000 square feet ; must meet LEED gold standard in commercial buildings over 25,000 square feet
Greenhouse gases avoided annually ( by 2012 )
Advertisement
* Los Angeles : 83,000 metric tons or 0.02 metric ton per capita
* San Francisco : 60,000 metric tons or 0.08 metric ton per capita
Sources : Los Angeles Planning Department ; San Francisco Department of the Environment
On May 19 - 30 the UN Convention on Biodiversity and Development will consider repealing current ban on the sale of sterile seeds and in doing so , also determine the fate of over 1.4 billion people .
Sign a petition to demand that the UN strengthen the ban this May , instead of repealing it , by increasing its commitment to sustainable agriculture .
Ask the UN to make room on its agenda for us and other organizations who oppose terminator seed technology and the threat it poses to farmers ' rights .
The US army is developing robotic suits for its soldiers with the aim of giving them ' superhuman ' powers .
Rajesh Mirchandani watches them in action .
Iron Man clips courtesy of Paramount Pictures
Rev. Wright , Obama and racism in the U.S .
Published Mar 31 , 2008 12:48 AM
Now that a Black presidential candidate has a real chance of winning the Democratic nomination and even the presidency , we ’re once again asked not to talk about oppression .
We ’re supposed to reject the teachings of , for instance , Malcolm X , and even Martin Luther King Jr .
We ’re supposed to deny what , for so many poor and oppressed peoples in the United States and throughout the world , is a clear - cut reality .
We ’re not supposed to be angry — and we ’re definitely not supposed to speak up and fight back .
Such is the case in the media - bashing of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , former spiritual mentor of presidential candidate Barack Obama .
In a media flooded with racist , sexist and anti-LGBT images and voices , the words of a Black man calling the U.S. on its violence and oppression are labeled “ hate speech . ”
Obama ’s opponent for the Democratic nomination , Hillary Rodham Clinton , went so far as to put Wright on a par with Don Imus — who is back on the air even after his racist , sexist rants made international headlines .
The attack on the Rev. Wright is nothing less than nationalist baiting and anti-patriot baiting .
It is being used not only to undermine Obama ’s campaign , but particularly in an attempt to defeat the Black struggle .
The media , as they will often do when attempting to defile someone ’s character , have reduced Wright ’s comments to mere snippets and sound bites of supposedly inexplicable outbursts against the U.S.
Even in that limited context , it is hard to find fault in his words .
For instance , the idea that HIV was created to target people of color ( and LGBT people ) is not new , and understandable given the overall government attack on those communities .
The warehousing of people of color in the prison industrial complex , as well as the flooding of drugs into poor people of color communities , has been well documented .
Why , then , would n’t Wright say : “ The government gives them the drugs , builds bigger prisons , passes a three - strikes law , and then wants us to sing ‘ God Bless America . ’
No , no , no , God damn America . ”
However , the media was also careful to omit the obvious evidence Wright presented for some of his words .
Here are some excerpts of Wright ’s comments on 9/11 , the video of which can be viewed at alternet.org :
“ I heard Ambassador Peck on an interview yesterday .
...
This is a white man and he was upsetting the Fox news commentators to no end .
...
He pointed out that what Malcolm X said ... was in fact coming true , America ’s chickens are coming home to roost .
We took this country , by terror , away from the Sioux , the Apache , the Arawak , the Comanche , the Rapaho , the Navaho — terrorism .
We took Africans from their country to build our way of ease and kept them enslaved and living in fear — terrorism .
“ We bombed Grenada and killed innocent civilians , babies , non-military personnel ; we bombed the Black civilian community of Panama with stealth bombers and killed unarmed teenagers and toddlers , pregnant mothers and hardworking fathers .
We bombed Qadaffi ’s home and killed his child .
...
“ We bombed Iraq , we killed unarmed civilians trying to make a living .
We bombed a plant in Sudan to pay back for the attack on our embassy ; killed hundreds of hardworking people , mothers and fathers who left home to go to work that day , not knowing that they ’d never get back home .
We bombed Hiroshima ; we bombed Nagasaki ; and we nuked far more than the thousands in New York and the Pentagon — and we never batted an eye : kids playing in the playground , mothers picking up children after school , civilians , not soldiers ; people just trying to make it day by day .
“ We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and Black South Africans , and now we are indignant , because the stuff we have done overseas is now brought back into our own front yard .
“ America ’s chickens are coming home to roost .
Violence begets violence .
Hatred begets hatred .
And terrorism begets terrorism .
A white ambassador said that , y’all , not a Black militant , not a reverend who preaches about racism . ”
Elections in the U.S. are always an attempt to dampen militant people ’s struggles , to silence our legitimate outrage at oppression and demands for justice .
With the attacks on the Rev. Wright , the continued attack on communities of color , an election season and a growing economic crisis that is sure to exacerbate misery for working people — now is the time to affirm the self - determination of oppressed peoples and stand together in solidarity with the Black struggle .
Last week we gave you advice on how to choose a pair of binoculars for astronomy .
This week we help you put them to use by viewing some great binocular astronomy targets .
Now that the Moon is quickly leaving the early evening skies , we ’re ready to begin .
Just give yourself ample time to allow your eyes to dark adapt .
No matter what size binoculars you have , or what your binocular astronomy experience may be , there are things I think you ’ll enjoy viewing .
All you ’ll need to do is follow the instructions , wait for some clear skies and use the rough location binocular star charts provided .
Remember , if you do n’t have success the first time , try again !
Now , if you ’re ready , then dust off your optics and let ’s step outside …
Binocular Astronomy Targets for Small Binoculars
For those using binoculars in the 5X25 , 10X25 , 5X30 and 10X30 range , there ’s many cool objects that you can see .
For now , lets start in the constellation of Cancer .
For most observers , the Cancer is terribly dim and difficult to spot in light polluted skies – but it ’s deep space objects are n’t .
If you cannot locate Cancer ’s primary stars visually , begin scanning the skies equidistantly between Gemini and Leo .
Our first binocular object is seen as a hazy visual patch at a dark sky location and will leap out in small binoculars .
M44 – Galileo was one of the first to view this open star cluster with a visual aid .
When you find it , you will know the “ Beehive ” because it is literally a swarm of stars !
At about 577 light years distant and an estimated 730 million years old , this bright cluster averages a magnitude of 3.5 and will cover about 1/3 the field of view .
While only about 20 or more stars will be readily visible to small aperature , the cluster contains more than 200 of the 350 stars in the area which have been confirmed as members .
Now , move the binoculars slowly southeast and you ’ll spy our next target :
M67 – Discovered before 1779 by Johann Gottfried Koehler , the open cluster is one of the oldest known at 3.2 billion years .
Charles Messier independently rediscovered M67 , resolved it into stars , and cataloged it on April 6 , 1780 and you can see why its faint signature could have been mistaken as cometary for small astronomy binoculars can’t quite resolve it either !
Believe it or not , M67 is about the same age as our solar system and has about the same order of magnitude when seen from space .
Enjoy its small , galaxy like appearance .
Time to head over to the Big Dipper and star our hunt for another two difficult to recognize constellations – Canes Venetici and Coma Berenices .
Our two binocular targets in this area are also very bright , but not easy to find under bright skies .
Using Ursa Major as your guide , follow the arc of the handle to the east for Arcturus .
Got it ?
Good !
Now look at the end of the handle again and you will see a faint star just a couple of fingerwidths away …
That ’s Cor Caroli .
Move your binoculars between these two stars and our next target will smack you right in the eye …
M3 – Outstanding globular cluster M3 was discovered 1764 by Charles Messier and contains roughly a half million stars .
It was Messier ’s first original discovery and he logged it on May 3rd , 1764 .
If you ’ve ever seen a comet , then you ’ll know why this particular object closely resembles one .
In smaller optics , you simply cannot resolve the stars in this 33,900 light year distant globular cluster .
In small binoculars it will appear as nothing more than a small , round smudge …
But what a smudge !
It could be as big as 22 light years across and as old as 26 billion years .
Now begin moving south for another one …
When the entire field of view explodes into stars ?
You ’ve found it …
Melotte 111 – Is a real binocular beauty and belongs to a different study class of open clusters .
First cataloged by Ptolemy and cataloged again by P.J. Melotte in 1915 , these big , loose open clusters took a lot of study to prove the involved stars were truly associated .
While apparently the Coma Berenices cluster is essentially “ sitting still ” in space from our perspective , it just leaves us a much longer time to enjoy this triple handful of bright stars .
Binocular Astronomy Targets for Large Binoculars
If you ’re using binoculars that range into the 10X50 or larger size , then a whole new world of binocular astronomy opens up to you .
While all of the above binocular targets are equally grand in your view as well , there ’s even more waiting to be discovered .
If you ’re like I am , a challenge of my observing skills and equipment is always welcomed .
That having been said , find some dark skies and head towards Leo .
Just remember , as more binocular targets come into play , the more wide field star charts become crowded !
Head for the area just south of the triangle that marks Leo ’s hips …
M65 , M66 and NGC 3628 – Depending on the field of view size of your binoculars , this trio of galaxies will be visible in about one third to one fourth of the area you see .
Do n’t expect them to walk right out , but do n’t sell your binoculars short , either .
The M65 and M66 pair have higher surface brightness and sufficient size to be noticed as two opposing faint smudges .
NGC 3623 is spot on the same magnitude , but is edge on in presentation instead of face - on .
This makes it a lot harder to spot , but chances are very good your averted vision will pick it up while studying the M65 / 66 pair .
The “ Leo Trio ” makes for a fine challenge !
M105 – Now back to Leo ’s belly and let ’s find M105 .
Discovered by Pierre MÃ©chain on March 24 , 1781 , M105 is the brightest elliptical galaxy in the Leo I or M96 group of galaxies .
Again , it ’s a challenge object that requires good skies and decent binocular aperture to make out this egg - shaped contrast change .
It you think it ’s boring , the be sure to brag to the folks at work that your binoculars are capable of seeing something 38 million light years away !
M96 – Not more than a binocular field south , is M96 – the brightest spiral in the group .
Pierre MÃ©chain discovered M96 , together with M95 , on March 20 , 1781 .
While spiral structure is not something you ’ll pick out as well in binoculars as a telescope , take your time when you view and you ’ll notice the shape of M96 is far more round than that of M105 and that it wo n’t appear as condensed .
If this challenge is n’t enough for you , see if you can spy M95 just to the west .
It ’s a magnitude fainter !
As always sky conditions play a great role as to what you can see and when .
What appears to be a clear night might hold a fine layer of cloud haze that blocks you from seeing M44 unaided , or makes a galaxy harder to see when you know your binoculars are capable .
Have patience , get plenty of practice and you ’ll enjoy binocular astronomy just like a pro !
Illustration by Kevin Kallaugher
JOHN EDWARDS has been saying since 2004 that there are two Americas — the America of the rich and privileged and the America of the poor and put-upon .
The results of March 4th proved that there are also two Democratic Parties .
A famous political distinction exists between “ wine - track ” and “ beer - track ” Democrats .
Wine - track Democrats have traditionally supported reform - minded liberals such as Gary Hart and Paul Tsongas .
Beer - track Democrats have preferred more practical - minded pols .
Walter Mondale famously hammered the nail into Gary Hart 's coffin when he stole a line from a hamburger advertisement and asked “ Where 's the beef ? ”
Part of Bill Clinton 's genius was to bring the wine - drinkers and beer - drinkers together .
This was , after all , a man who went to Yale and Oxford but who grew up the child of a widow in the backwoods of Arkansas .
Yet this year 's Democratic primaries have burst the party asunder once again .
Obamaworld is a universe of liberal professionals and young people — plus blacks from all economic segments .
Hillaryland , by contrast , is a place of working - class voters , particularly working - class women , and the old .
These are people who occupy not just different economies but also different cultures .
How many white Obama voters eat in Cracker Barrel or Bob Evans ?
And how many Clinton voters have a taste for sushi ?
These groups could hardly have a more different view of politics .
Mr Obama 's supporters are , mostly , the liberal version of “ values voters ” .
They are intensely worried about America 's past sins and its current woeful image in the world .
They regard Mr Obama as a “ transformational ” leader — a man who can , with one sweep of his hand , wipe away the sins of the Bush years and summon up the best in their country .
Mrs Clinton 's supporters , by contrast , are kitchen - table voters .
They wear jackets emblazoned with the logos of their unions .
They work with their hands or stand on their feet all day .
They have seen their living standards stagnate for years , and they are worried about paying their bills rather than saving their political souls .
This helps to explain one of the biggest puzzles in the campaign — the fact that momentum is so fleeting .
During Mr Obama 's 11 - state winning streak it looked as though he was eating into Mrs Clinton 's core support in the white working class .
He did reasonably well with that group in the Potomac states ( Maryland and Virginia ) and extraordinarily well with them in Wisconsin .
He also secured endorsements from important unions .
But Ohio has reversed that .
White working - class voters are simply not quite comfortable with what Mr Obama is selling .
The battle for the Democratic Party is so bitter because it is a battle over culture .
Mrs Clinton 's supporters look at Mr Obama 's and see latte - drinking elitists .
Mr Obama 's supporters look at Mrs Clinton 's and smell all sorts of ancestral sins , not least racism .
The two groups neither like nor respect each other .
There are actually good reasons for irritation on both sides .
The Obamaites are not just otherworldly .
They are also weirdly cultish .
All the vague talk of “ hope ” and “ change ” is grating enough .
But many Obamamaniacs want something even vaguer than this — they want political redemption .
It is certainly impressive to see 20,000 people queuing for hours to see a politician .
But should they worship their man with such wide - eyed intensity ?
And should they shout “ Yes we can ” with such unbridled enthusiasm ?
The slogan , after all , reminds any parent of “ Bob the Builder ” , a cartoon for toddlers , and Mr Obama himself rejected it as naff when it was first suggested to him .
His supporters are rather like high - school nerds who surround the coolest kid in the class in the hope of looking cool themselves .
But there are also good reasons to be irritated with Mrs Clinton 's beer - track Democrats .
Blue - collar workers have certainly had a hard time of it .
The Cleveland rustbelt is a decaying monument to good jobs that have been shipped abroad or mechanised out of existence .
But one of the tragedies of this campaign is that both Mr Obama and Mrs Clinton have decided to ignore Bill Clinton 's message — that the only way that America can remain competitive is to prepare people for new jobs rather than cling on to old ones — and instead engage in a silly competition to see who can bash NAFTA hardest .
Brains , not brawn
The final reason why the battle between the rival supporters will tear the Democratic Party apart is that the balance of power within the party is shifting .
Mrs Clinton 's Democrats have dominated the party since Franklin Roosevelt 's time .
They have hired a few eggheads to do the maths .
But they have never let them get the upper hand .
And they have repeatedly seen off challenges by “ new class ” Democrats .
This year 's election is arguably their last stand .
Economic change is relentlessly shrinking their base : manufacturing jobs are in decline at a time when brain - working jobs are expanding .
And Mr Obama has shifted an important proportion of the old Democratic alliance — black Americans — to his column .
He is also bringing large numbers of college - educated young people into the party who have little in common with old - style Democrats .
One of the ironies of the current campaign is that Mrs Clinton 's chief strategist , Mark Penn , has been one of the loudest voices on the left arguing that the party 's future lies with brain rather than brawn .
He must now be fervently hoping that he is wrong .
The great challenge for the Democratic Party in November will be to put this coalition back together .
But the bitter fight in the months to come will widen the already gaping divide .
John McCain could not be better positioned to pick up the pieces .
Thomas to Perino :
Your regret ' does n't bring back a life ' David Edwards and Ron Brynaert
Published : Saturday December 1 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This During Friday 's White House press conference , veteran reporter Helen Thomas got into a testy exchange with press secretary Dana Perino over the ongoing war in Iraq .
The Washington Times noted that " Thomas often asks questions attacking the Iraq war during on - camera briefings , " and " White House press secretary Dana Perino usually deflects the question and moves on , but today , Mrs. Perino took exception . "
" Does the president want no troops out from Iraq on his watch , " Thomas asked .
" I 'm talking about all troops . "
Perino countered , " Well , 5,700 troops will be home by the end of the year , so that is some troops coming home .
The President said that troop levels are going to be made by commanders on the ground , and that we 're going to have to talk about --"
" Why should it be ? " Thomas interrupted .
" Why ca n't the American people have a say ? "
Perino pointed to the 2004 election : " The American people have had a say .
They elected a President who is their Commander - in - Chief and is making decisions based on what his commanders on the ground are telling him . "
" And you think that was the vote of the American people ? " Thomas pressed .
Perino reiterated , " They elected a Commander - in - Chief , and the President is bringing home 5,700 troops , based on the recommendations of his commanders on the ground and based on return on success .
Hopefully in the future we can bring home more , but it 's going to depend on what General Petraeus reports and remember he will come back in March . "
" Why should we depend on him ? "
Thomas asked , meaning the commander of the multi-national forces in Iraq , who was slammed as " General Betray Us " by the liberal activist group Move On.
Perino said , " Because he is the commander on the ground , Helen .
He 's the one who is making sure that the situation is moving --"
" You mean how many more people we kill ? "
Thomas interjected .
The White House press secretary then blasted the reporter for using her " bestowed " front row position in the press room to make " absurd and very offensive statements . "
" Helen , I find it really unfortunate that you use your front row position , bestowed upon you by your colleagues , to make such statements , " Perino said .
" This is a -- it is an honor and a privilege to be in the briefing room , and to suggest that we , at the United States , are killing innocent people is just absurd and very offensive . "
Thomas asked Perino about civilian casualties in Iraq : " Do you know how many we have since the start of this war ? "
" How many -- we are going after the enemy , Helen , " Perino said , ducking the question .
" To the extent that any innocent Iraqis have been killed , we have expressed regret for it . "
The longtime White House correspondent who has gone after presidents from both political parties responded , " Oh , regret .
It does n't bring back a life . "
But Perino refused to get sentimental over civilian casualties .
" Helen , we are in a war zone , and our military works extremely hard to make sure that everyone has the opportunity for liberty and freedom and democracy , and that is exactly what they are doing , " Perino said .
" I 'm going to move on . "
This video is from The White House , broadcast on November 30 , 2007 .
WHITE HOUSE TRANSCRIPT AT THIS LINK
MARCH 6 -- Nettled by a noisy red-shouldered hawk that was disrupting a video shoot , a professional golfer allegedly silenced the bird by striking and killing it with a golf drive from about 75 yards away .
Now Tripp Isenhour , 39 , is facing a pair of misdemeanor criminal charges for the December 12 incident at Florida 's Grand Cypress Golf Club .
According to March 5 court filings , Isenhour -- who last year earned nearly $ 500,000 on the PGA tour -- was taping a ' Shoot Like a Pro ' video when the bird 's squawking disrupted filming on several occasions .
The golfer , pictured at left , initially responded by trying to strike the bird as it sat in a tree about 300 yards from where he was filming the video .
Those attempts failed .
But when the hawk later relocated to a tree much closer to the set and resumed its noisemaking , Isenhour again targeted the bird , announcing , ' I 'll get him now . '
Investigators allege that it took Isenhour about 10 tries to zero in on the hawk , which was struck with one of Isenhour 's shots and knocked out of the tree .
After killing the bird , which fell 30 feet from its perch , Isenhour remarked , ' I did n't think I would hit it , ' according to witnesses .
The dying hawk , ' bleeding from its nostrils , its mouth opening and closing slowly , ' was later buried on the golf course .
As noted in a court document , Isenhour 'is not the first sports / athlete to find it entertaining to kill birds / animals on a golf course or other sport field , but it is a crime for each of them . '
Isenhour has been charged in Orange County Court with cruelty to animals and killing a migratory bird .
( 3 pages )
There has been growing concern with the Iraqi government about the disorder in the city .
In recent weeks , Lt. Gen. Mohan al - Fireji , a senior Iraqi commander in Basra , proposed that additional forces be sent .
Prompted by this suggestion , a detailed plan was being developed by American and Iraqi officials , which involved the establishment of combat outposts in the city and the deployment of Iraqi SWAT teams , Iraqi Special Forces and Interior Ministry units , as well as Iraqi brigades .
That plan was the subject of a March 21 evening meeting that Gen. David H. Petraeus , the senior American commander in Iraq , convened with Mowaffak al - Rubaie , Mr. Maliki ’s national security adviser .
At the end of that session , General Petraeus was asked to meet with Mr. Maliki the next morning .
The prime minister , it seemed , had his own ideas on how to deal with Basra and planned to travel to the city to oversee the implementation of his plan .
“ Effectively , much of the city was under militia control and had been for some time , ” Mr. Crocker said .
“ Maliki kept hearing this along with some pretty graphic descriptions of militia excesses and just decided , ‘ I am going to go down there and take care of this . ’
I think for him it was a Karbala moment . ”
Last August , Mr. Maliki rushed to Karbala after an outbreak of Shiite - on - Shiite violence , fired the police commander and oversaw the successful effort to restore order to the city .
One American intelligence officer in Washington , however , had a somewhat different interpretation of the prime minister ’s motivations .
While restoring order was his stated goal , he asserted , the Iraqi leader was also eager to weaken the Mahdi Army and the affiliated political party of the renegade cleric Moktada al - Sadr before provincial elections in the south that are expected to be to be held this year .
The Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq , a Shiite political party and militia that are rivals to Mr. Sadr , his party and his militia , form a crucial part of Mr. Maliki ’s political coalition .
When Mr. Maliki met with General Petraeus on the morning of March 22 , he indicated that his goal was to take on the “ criminals and gang leaders ” in Basra , according to an account of the meeting by an American official .
Mr. Maliki explained that the operation would be an Iraqi affair but that he might need air support from the Americans .
Image MARCH 30 Mahdi Army fighters as they stormed a state - run television center in Basra , forcing the Iraqi military guards surrounding the building to flee and setting armored vehicles on fire .
Credit ... Nabil al - Jurani / Associated Press
He said that he was going to meet with sheiks , religious figures and other local leaders , taking advantage of the additional leverage he hoped to gain by sending in troops , fostering economic development programs and sending teams of judges to try to punish corrupt and violent behavior .
Last updated at 01:04 11 April 2008
For those who warmly applaud Gordon Brown 's declared desire to toughen up the law on cannabis , raising it from a Class C to Class B drug , there is always a simple question .
How would you react if your son , or perhaps your grandchild - otherwise law - abiding and blameless citizens - were caught with that drug and at once thrown in a cell and charged with a serious offence which resulted , if not in prison , at least in a criminal record which endangered future employment ?
Perhaps you would protest in your grief that you did not believe the sterner law would affect your own family .
What you would certainly not do is praise the tougher regime , declaring how glad you are that your offspring now faces up to five years in prison or an unlimited fine , or both .
That 'll learn them !
Reclassified : Cannabis has moved from Class C to Class B
Such a maximum penalty , by the way , would be just for possession .
To deal in a Class B drug , which might mean no more than selling some of your cannabis to a friend , could mean up to 14 years in prison .
These are the sort of penalties we normally associate with conspiring to cause an explosion , violent bank robberies , armed assaults and so on .
If you say that such savage sentences would not be imposed then why are they so recently endorsed by the Home Office ?
This merely makes the law look an ass .
The full absurdity of the drug laws does not end there .
Ecstasy is ranked as a Class A drug .
Mere possession can mean seven years in prison or an unlimited fine .
Which means that nightclubs are packed with serious criminals .
My own experience of ecstasy is very modest .
I was unknowingly fed a tablet once .
It left me full of beans for most of the night but the comedown the next day was tiresome .
On the other hand , it really was not as bad as a hangover .
Which brings us to the next absurdity .
There is no evidence that taking drugs such as cannabis or ecstasy is any more addictive or damaging than constant and heavy drinking .
Many of us have witnessed the unattractive phenomenon of indignant
- usually elderly - individuals denouncing drugs as they down their third double scotches .
Heavy drinking is at least as harmful to the health of mind and body as drug - taking .
Which of us does not know of some tragic case of an addiction to the bottle destroying a marriage , a career or a life ?
But no one suggests this makes the case for prohibition .
Soft drugs lead on to hard drugs , some claim .
They might or they might not .
Wine may also start the downward path to alcoholism .
Moreover , heavy drinking can unleash savagery in some , especially in the home ; cannabis is more likely to make the drug - taker silly .
Of course , any drug - taker who drives must be punished - as in the case of a drinker who gets behind the wheel when over the limit .
But that is not under debate at the moment .
About half of the young admit to using , or having used , cannabis and / or ecstasy .
About half the Cabinet admit to having been users when young .
The other half may deny it but some of us have our doubts - though not in the case of Gordon Brown .
He is too joyless by nature to have even tried .
However , crucially , applause by the zealous and high - minded for a drugs crackdown is quite drowned out by the noisy cheers from another quarter - the drugs suppliers ; in particular , the obscenely wealthy drugs barons of South America .
Their wealth and power is wholly dependent on drugs being illegal .
This is why drugs will have to be legalised at some time - but controlled like tobacco and appropriately taxed .
Prohibition was the biggest single boost to gangsterism the U.S. ever experienced .
With huge sums at their disposal , the bootleggers corrupted the police , the courts , the judiciary and politicians .
No one was keener on Prohibition then , or the criminalisation of drugs now , than the mafia .
U.S. Presidential candidates on their war strategies
The Presidential race offers few crumbs of comfort on Iraq .
John McCain talks as if a military victory were achieveable .
The fact that he has now appeared to have twice confused the Sunnis and the Shias does not promote confidence .
Incidentally , we must question the readiness of his supporters to dub him a war hero because he refused to be repatriated from North Vietnam unless the same was offered to his men .
That is merely duty .
Not even the most junior lieutenant would desert his men in such conditions and still expect to be called an officer and a gentleman .
On the Democrats side , Clinton and Obama look hopefully for a graceful withdrawal from Iraq .
That is to chase a chimera .
Back from Iraq , the U.S. commander General Petraeus has declared that Iran is now the danger .
Does this mean that the war should be enlarged to cover not just Iraq and Afghanistan but also Iran ?
If you had been told in 2003 that American Forces , plus some British support , would still be struggling in Iraq after five years , you would probably not have believed it .
If you had been told the British Forces would be fighting and dying in Afghanistan seven years after their first deployment you would not have believed that either .
Things may be bad now - but do n't think they can't get worse .
Accounting Terms / Accounting Dictionary / Accounting Glossary
Largest Online Accounting Dictionary - Over 4,200 Accounting Terms
Whether you are an analyst , business person or accounting student , audit the records of a corporation , a business manager , or balance your own checkbook , you will find the VentureLine accounting dictionary of accounting terms of immeasurable assistance .
Whatever your circumstance , this VentureLine accounting glossary provides the definitions and examples you need for you to know about all aspects of financial record keeping and reporting .
The concept behind the VentureLine MBA Accounting Glossary is totally new .
All accounting terms and their associated definitions were requested by you the VentureLine user .
Whenever requests via email for additional definitions are received , our staff researches and provides answers via e-mail to the requesting user .
Those accounting terms are then also added to the VentureLine Accounting Dictionary .
So , the architecture and terms contained herein were developed by you our users .
The result is an accounting dictionary or glossary that is relevant to today ’s environment .
It also mandates that the VentureLine Accounting Glossary be a living document in that the accounting terms are updated whenever new accounting terms are requested ..
Either enter your search term or select an accounting dictionary letter for that financial terms section .
Accounting terms with digit or symbol choose the # link .
Click here for FREE 5 - year financial statements of any public company
Enter Search Term Enter a term , then click the entry you would like to view .
There are 334 accounting terms that start with 'A '
Suggest a Term
Suggest a New Term
There ’s been a lot of energy behind wind power these days , with talk of larger and more dramatic installations every week .
But this may leave you wondering , what does it have to do with me ?
Would I ever want one of these giant towers in my backyard or on my business ?
Noble though the idea is , for many , this is not an appealing or feasible option , due to space limitations or code restrictions .
But then you may wonder , would a micro turbine make a notable dent in my energy needs ?
Last week while at the Green California Summit , I saw a beautiful and practical solution to this : Helix Wind .
With its elegant , rippled white shape , and the ability to work with any wind greater then 4.5 mph , requiring only 14 feet in height , these turbines bring it all home , literally .
How much power do they bring ?
1KW for personal , 2KW for businesses , enough to meet as much as half your energy needs .
There ’s no need to have a battery to store the power generated as in solar panels , as “ net metering , ” or power metering that accounts for energy put back into the grid as well as what ’s used , can be used as credit towards your energy costs .
There are many micro turbines out there , but none has the unique undulating helix form of this .
So ?
Beyond being aesthetically interesting , this enables it to catch air from any direction , more efficiently , with less needed .
The unique shape apparently is also , they claim , completely safe for birds – one of the stumbling blocks to greater implementation of such devices .
Silencing other critics is the fact that it ’s , well , silent in operation .
Now what about cost , rebates ?
While not yet as prevalent as the ones for solar ( have a look at the DSIRE site for a fine resource for local , state , and federal renewables incentives of all sorts ) there are some generous ones happening right now .
For example , the Emerging Renewables Program in California gives $ 1.50 - $ 2.50 / watt on systems , up to 30 KW .
That ’s thousands even for the smallest of Helix Wind ’s systems .
So , is wind right for you or your business ?
With systems such as Helix Wind ’s , it ’s looking more and more so every day .
Readers :
What ’s been your experience with wind power ?
Have any suggestions , hints , tips , products you like ?
Please share , below .
Additional resources :
Take your Business Off - Grid , or Become a Net Producer of Energy : Learn How at the MREA ’s Renewable Energy Fair
Top Five Micro Wind Turbines
Wind Boom Creates Rural Jobs in Texas
Polygamy Trail Leads to Colorado Texas Rangers take part in arrest of woman who allegedly made hoax call in Colo .
SAN ANGELO , Texas , April 17 , 2008  --
Texas Rangers participated in the arrest of a Colorado woman who allegedly pretended to be a girl locked in a basement as part of their investigation into a Texas polygamist sect , ABC News has learned .
It was unclear if the Rangers believe the woman who was arrested in Colorado is the same person who made the series of phone calls to a Texas shelter that prompted police to raid the Yearning for Zion Ranch and take more than 400 sect children into state custody .
A person who claimed to be a 16 - year - old girl who was trapped inside the sect 's Texas compound and who was being abused by her adult husband called an abuse shelter several times in late March and early April .
Those calls prompted the raid , sparking one of the largest child custody cases in U.S. history , according to court documents .
The girl who allegedly made the calls , who identified herself as Sarah , has not been located .
Texas child protection officials have said they believe she exists .
But ABC News has learned that Texas Rangers flew to Colorado Springs , Colo. , this week and participated in the arrest of a 33 - year - old woman who was charged with filing a false report .
Colorado Springs police said Rozita Swinton had made calls in February in which she pretended to be a girl locked in a basement , claiming abuse and calling authorities for help .
Swinton has a record for making similar calls in 2005 .
Swinton could not be reached for comment and it was unclear if she had a lawyer .
She has not been charged with a crime in connection to the Texas polygamy case .
" The Texas Rangers were in Colorado Springs Wednesday as part of their investigation involving the compound in Texas , " Colorado Springs police said in a statement .
The FBI also told ABC News it is assisting local police in the investigation into Swinton .
Local police said Swinton had been under investigation for some time , but police made an immediate arrest after the Texas Rangers became involved .
" This arrest stemmed from an incident that occurred in Colorado Springs in February of this year , " the police said in a statement .
" The Texas Rangers were in Colorado Springs yesterday as part of their investigation involving the compound in Texas .
They left and have not filed any charges on Rozita Swinton as of this time . "
Swinton became a person of interest to Texas authorities when former Fundamentalist Church of Latter Day Saints member Flora Jessop , who now operates a rescue mission for teenage girls trying to escape the sect , told authorities she had been getting calls from a girl claiming to be " Sarah . "
Jessop told ABC News that she -- at the direction of Texas Rangers -- began recording those calls in the past two weeks and that the Rangers were able to trace them to Colorado Springs , where the arrest was made .
Jessop 's allegations could not be immediately confirmed by ABC News .
The Colorado Springs police gave no details about the Texas connection other than to confirm that the Texas Rangers were in on the arrest and helped with the investigation .
The Rangers have returned to Texas , and Swinton has been freed on bond in Colorado Springs .
On April 4 , a day after Texas police raided the compound , an abuse hot line in Arizona received a similar call from a 16 - year - old who said she was calling from the FLDS community in Colorado City , Ariz .
The girl said she was being held against her will and physically abused , said Fernando Vender , a spokesman for the Arizona Department of Economic Security , which oversees child protective services .
When Arizona investigators visited a family with the same name provided by the caller , they did not find the girl or any evidence of abuse , he said .
Though the case remains open , investigators " could not verify that there was a young girl by that name , with that family and that abuse was going on , " Vender said .
We were playing a game by candlelight in an island cabin in northern Maine last night when this squeaking baby bat ( about 1 " -- that crack is just the space between the fireplace and the flooring ) fell from the ceiling .
We scooped it gently onto a paper plate and transferred it up on a ledge on the stepped chimney .
Suddenly its mom swooped down , scooped him up in her wing like it was a pouch and crawled up the entire chimney that way until she had her baby safely upside down in the rafters again !
Labels : enviro
