Three months before “ stepping aside ” from his position atop the most prestigious climate change institute in the world earlier this week , Phil Jones made a number of interesting comments .
The first was this : “ In the UK I am not considered a public servant . ”
It was August , months before the explosion of Climategate , and I was drawing to a close the research for my forthcoming book on climate , Do n’t Sell Your Coat .
Jones was good enough to respond to questions I had then about data sharing , transparency , and United States Department of Energy funding .
For , although an English researcher , Jones counted on the United States Department of Energy for substantial sums of money – millions of dollars .
Public servant or no , Jones was evidently bound by the Department of Energy ’s data - sharing protocols , which were stringent : “ Open sharing of all program data among researchers ( and with the interested public ) is critical to advancing the program ’s mission … a copy of underlying data and a clear description of the method (s ) of data analysis must be provided to any requester in a timely way . ”
As Jones dealt with several such requests , but principally from his arch - nemesis , the Canadian amateur climatologist Steven McIntyre , he found it distasteful in the extreme to share raw temperature data that would allow McIntyre to look for problems in his data and work .
As the world recently learned reading the e-mails among Jones and fellow - scientists , Jones threatened to delete data if McIntyre ever learned of the United Kingdom ’s Freedom of Information Act .
But as the Department of Energy policy from this side of the Atlantic makes clear , no Freedom of Information request is even necessary in order to compel Jones , or any other DOE - funded scientist , to share all data as well as all code that is used in grooming the data for publication ( in such documents as the IPCC 4th Assessment published in 2007 ) .
What Freedom of Information policy in the United Kingdom does require , however , is preserving any documents that are known to be sought via Freedom of Information request .
Jones , in the trove of released e-mails , asks his peers to delete precisely these e-mails .
Whether the internal investigation being conducted by the University of East Anglia determines that this was ethical remains to be seen .
It also remains to be seen whether parliamentary investigations will be launched into the matter , as well as any inquiry by Scotland Yard .
As I said , Jones made several odd comments in August regarding unavailable data .
The second bizarro statement regarded the meteorology agencies from which his Climatic Research Unit obtained data in the first place .
“ It is the Met services that you should be lambasting , ” Jones wrote .
“ I have been for years , but have not gotten very far . ”
Two quick points :
First , I never lambasted Jones but merely asked if he thought that greater transparency might better serve science , and himself , in the long run .
Second , Jones , at least until today , could not verify his claim to have fought with European meteorological agencies himself .
He had , however , alluded in one of the recently released e-mails to just such a gambit involving the agencies : “ Data is covered by all the agreements we sign with people , so I will be hiding behind them . ”
Just to be safe , however , Jones did have data removed from a University of East Anglia server during the summer of 2009 .
When pressed by me in our e-mail exchange in August , his reasons for making the data disappear seemed disingenuous , at best :
Our ftp site has had some data deleted from it .
It is a site we use when working with other scientists around the world .
The datasets were not explained .
It seemed easier to stop people wasting their time trying to determine what it was .
The words “ other scientists ” here are code for “ people other than the Canadian amateur climatologist Steve McIntyre . ”
While McIntyre is a statistician without a Ph.D. in a climate - related field , he has nonetheless proved himself to be a capable intellectual adversary of Jones .
Jones ’s e-mails allude , more or less obsessively , to the Canadian , as do those of many of Jones ’s closest colleagues .
Far from being at risk of wasting time deciphering what he had in front of him , McIntyre had by that point been veritably begging for Jones ’s data and computer code for years .
He had been joined in his pursuit of data , by the way , by Ross McKitrick , with whom he had also authored a peer - reviewed paper successfully dressing down American climatologist Michael Mann .
It was Jones ’s 2009 summertime deletion of data that prompted me to ask him about transparency in the first place .
One other reason Jones offered for refusing to share data appeared bizarre , to say the least :
I will say one more thing .
Have you considered this issue from a perspective of a Met Service in Africa or South America .
I have been told by people from these Met Services that one of the reasons they restrict access to data is that scientists in Europe and North America use their data to further their own scientific ends .
This is a sort of data imperialism .
They get nothing back and think of themselves as mere data collectors .
They want to improve the lot of their scientists .
I am able to help a few of them with grants to come and do MSc and PhD courses here at UEA , but it is only a few .
I take Jones at his word here , but it has been a matter of some surprise that he has not mentioned these issues in dealing with other journalists .
More to the point , alluding to the plight of underprivileged meteorologists as a means of explaining why data sharing should not be moved forward as expeditiously as possible is , for lack of a better word , weird .
It ’s interesting , and there ’s likely a story there , but it ’s still weird .
Jones ’s data , as he is very aware , is one of the linchpins of the IPCC ’s sternest warnings about the fate of humanity and our ability to continue operating world economies with energy sources that are available now .
While preserving the feelings of several dozen meteorologists might be praiseworthy , compared to deciphering what is actually going on with the world ’s climate it seems to be a trifling matter .
It will be interesting to see whether Jones is reinstated by his university and whether the world climatology community returns him to his former position as one of its top four or five de-facto leaders .
If it does , you can bet that he will avoid sending e-mails like the following about the Canadians McKitrick and McIntyre that he sent in 2005 :
The two MMs have been after the CRU station data for years .
If they ever hear there is a Freedom of Information Act now in the UK , I think I ’ll delete the file rather than send to anyone .
As always , he signed it , “ Cheers , Phil . ”
Souvenir Photography – Souvenirs fitting in the Real World
You do buy a lot of souvenirs when going on a trip or a holiday .
Here is a suggestion of what you could do on your future vacations in order to spice things up .
Take your souvenir and photograph it in such a way that it looks like the real tourist attraction it represents .
This way you ’ll have loads of fun and keep a nice memory .
Also , a very fun way to spend your time sightseeing .
I know I ca n’t wait to try this next time I travel on a vacation to Paris , New York or London etc .
You can find more photos and related stories on Michael Huges ’s blog and on Flickr Souvenirs Series
These are the shots of the Souvenirs book which has been beautifully designed and produced by fivefootsix in London .
Featuring 20 photos out of the series including the most faved Flickr ones , Loreley and Twin Towers .
It is 17 cm x 12,5 cm so the photos are in postcard format .
It weighs quite a bit because the photos have been printed on heavy paper or card .
Available at Amazon or from your local bookshop !
If you liked these photo series maybe you have found an ideal Christmas present for your loved ones .
Prints are available here
Motorcycle Accident Attorneys – Personal Injury Law
Our Texas motorcycle accident lawyers know that motorcycles are , for many people , as much a form of self - expression as a convenient method of transportation .
Unfortunately , these vehicles place their owners at risk of suffering extremely serious injuries if they are involved in an accident , including broken bones , spinal cord damage , and permanent brain damage .
This is because most motorcycles lack all but the most basic safety features , meaning that they leave their riders exposed to serious injury risks .
This is especially true if the accident is caused by the reckless or negligent actions of another person .
Motorcycle accidents can have devastating consequences for those who are involved .
Aside from the pain and suffering that the injuries themselves may cause , both in the short and long term , there are many other consequences with which motorcycle accident victims may be faced .
These can include costly medical bills , income lost from time spent away from their jobs while recovering , and even strains on personal relationships .
No one should have to cope with these types of unfortunate circumstances on their own , particularly if the accident in which they were injured was due to another person ’s irresponsible behavior .
If you or someone you know has been the victim of a motorcycle accident , you may be eligible to pursue compensation for the costs that you may have incurred as a result .
Contact a New Jersey motorcycle accident lawyer of our Firm. , today by calling us to speak with a qualified member of our legal team about your specific situation and how we may be able to help you pursue action against the party who caused you or your loved one such harm and suffering .
Causes of Motorcycle Accidents
Motorcycle accidents can happen in a number of different ways .
In some cases , of course , the accident is not the fault of any individual and likely could not have been avoided .
However , there are many other cases in which the cause of the accident is at least partially the fault of someone else .
In these circumstances , legal action against those responsible for the accident is often necessary to ensure that the accident ’s victims can get the justice they need .
At our Law Firm. , our team of experienced legal professionals is prepared to represent those who have been involved in the following types of accidents :
Driver error
Drunk driving accidents
Roadway defects
Equipment malfunction
These and other causes of motorcycle accidents can have a devastating effect on a motorcyclist ’s life .
Thus , those who allow an accident to occur in these types of circumstances need to be held accountable for the effects that their actions have had on the lives of others .
Contact Us
If you or someone you know has suffered injuries in a motorcycle accident , you should n’t have to pay for the consequences by yourself .
Fortunately , with the help of an experienced attorney , you may not have to .
Contact the Texas car accident attorneys today to find out how it may be possible to hold the responsible individual (s ) accountable for the repercussions of the accident they caused .
I also run a top-rated podcast : Freedomain Radio
And videos at YouTube : Freedomain Video
Some Reviews ...
In just a few weeks , Stefan Molyneux has profoundly changed the way I view the world .
Though I already shared much of his philosophy , his erudite yet easy strolls through the tangled mess of politics , religion , and economics have sharpened my mind , while keeping me entertained .
This man is fearless and relentless in his search for the truth .
Do yourself a favor , and join him on his journey .
I would pay for this ....
This has to be the most innovative talk that I have ever listened to .
Very engaging , lots of details .
Enter your Email
Powered by FeedBlitz
<---- Back
Please note that there may be other methods apart from this large formulas to solve cubics and quartics .
But I wanted to show here that the formulas do exist .
The general form of the 3rd degree equation ( or Cubic ) is : ax3 + bx2 + cx + d = 0
Cubics have 3 roots .
The 3 roots can be represented this way :
F irst root ( of three ) :
Second root ( of three ) :
Third root ( of three ) :
The second and third formula are equal except for a " + or -" sign at the beginning , and another " + or -" sign in the middle .
Note that the second and third formula contain the imaginary unit " i " .
Now , the same three formulas in ASCII .
The differences between the second and third formula are highlighted here in yellow :
Using emails , community sites , political blogs and Tweets , conservatives have mounted a strike to “ win ” an online NPR poll on the war between the White House and Fox News .
A week ago , the NPR poll asked “ In White House Vs. Fox News War Of Words , Who Gets Your Vote ? ”
On Thursday , the conservative watch dog blog Newsbusters featured a post entitled “ Really ?
Online NPR Poll Finds Even Split in White House - Fox News Feud . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Newsbusters ’ Tim Graham wrote :
In today ’s example of “ Are online polls reliable ? ” is a poll at NPR.org , which found an almost exact split among readers of the NPR blog “ The Two - Way ” on whether the White House or Fox News should win the battle over reputations .
( As of 5 pm Eastern time . ) NPR blogger Mark Memmott asked it this way .
Are you supporting : — The White House on this one ; Fox News is n’t “ fair and balanced . ” 49 % ( 151,983 votes ) —
Fox News on this one ; it asks questions others do n’t and the White House should be able to handle them .
49 % ( 152,482 votes ) —
Neither side .
They ’re both trying to play this “ feud ” to their advantage .
2 % ( 5,896 votes )
Memmott wrote it in such a way that it did not require NPR fans to suggest Fox News is fantastic , but it does suggest that position is on the side of giving adequate scrutiny to the White House .
However , earlier Thursday morning , the White House had a sizeable lead over Fox , although Mediaite ’s Glynnis MacNicol thought that the “ sixty percent or 118,081 ” vs. “ thirty - nine percent or 76,324 ” margin was “ sort of a low number if you consider that in the big picture NPR listeners tend to skew to the left . ”
All day long on Thursday , conservatives bragged in Tweets that they were helping spin the poll back in favor of Fox .
A message reading “ If you have n’t heard this , the White House is accusing Fox News of not being a legitimate source of news , calling them biased , etc .
They have tried to block Fox reporters from news conferences , etc. , but the other news networks are fighting back ( in favor of Fox ) and caused the White House to back down .
NPR has put a survey online for us to voice our opinion .
If you want to vote in this survey , go to the link below and cast your vote .
Currently it is in favor of the White House , but there are not that many votes .
It has been circulating around NPR folks , but now that it has gotten out elsewhere , let ’s turn that around .
Let ’s show them how we feel about honest conservative news reporting ” spread like wildfire across blogs , email lists and social networks including the RNC Facebook page .
A front paged Free Republic post on Thursday cried out ,
ADVERTISEMENT
Freep this poll the White House is accusing Fox News of not being a legitimate source of news , calling them biased , etc .
They have tried to block Fox reporters from news conferences , etc. , but the other news networks are fighting back ( in favor of Fox ) and caused the White House to back down .
NPR has put a survey online for us to voice our opinion .
If you want to vote in this survey , go to the link below and cast your vote .
Currently it is 71 % in favor of the White House , but there are not that many votes ……… less than 2,000 all together .
Let ’s show them how we feel about honest conservative news reporting .
At Democratic Underground , liberals did their best to “ Freep ” it the other way around .
One DU user named DFW complained in a post he entitled “ NOT a true poll , but a Freeper heaven – you can vote as often as you want ! ! ”
ADVERTISEMENT
If I had as much time on my hands as an unemployed Freeper retard ( and from their spelling and grammar on the comments section , they must all have the week off ) , I could skew the poll against Fox single - handedly .
All you have to do is click “ back ” and vote again–and again and again and again .
That ’s not a poll , it ’s an endurance test .
Blogs are bragging Friday that they helped win this one for Fox .
ADVERTISEMENT
Keith Brock at Can You Hear Us Now !
gloats , “ National Public Radio put up a poll and asked a question : who do you support , the White House or Fox News .
Yesterday , because of the liberal views of much of NPR ’s listeners the White House was winning 55 % to 45 % .
Fox News was down 10,000 plus votes .
We have made that up and are pulling ahead – but we want to send a message to NPR , a very strong message :
We stand behind Fox News because they are the only ones asking the tough questions .
That will send the message to them that they need to start asking a lot tougher questions and stop making Fox News carry all the water . ”
Curiously , the earliest post Raw Story could find did show Fox News in the lead by a considerable margin , but the email campaign may have preceded it .
But on Wednesday , the blog Moonbattery applauded the then “ heartening results ” which showed Fox winning by a 2 - to - 1 margin with less than 13,000 votes .
ADVERTISEMENT
Over half - a- million more votes have been registered since , and at press time Fox leads with 69 % ( 401,437 votes ) over the White House ’s 29 % ( 167,659 votes ) .
Perhaps conservatives are “ winning ” because reports indicate that a meeting between Fox and the White House may have produced at least a thawing of the war if not an out - and - out truce .
Or perhaps more liberals than conservatives feel similarly to DU user newtothegame , who writes
We complain that people can vote more than once in this poll , but then we ’re posting “ DU this Poll ” here for every single poll we find online everyday .
We complain about unscientific polls , but then we ’re encouraging our fellow DU ’ers to make every unscientific poll out there even more unscientific by flooding it with votes from DU .
And for what ?
And if we ’re worried about the ‘ American Public ’ getting a false impression of the nation ’s views by a poll being “ freeped , ” then what ’s our excuse when we flood the same polls with our votes ?
ADVERTISEMENT
Update :
Early Halloween morning , NPR ’s Mark Memmott , host of the Two - Way news blog , added the following update , which touched upon this report :
I would like to say thanks to all those who were inspired to vote .
As Raw Story explains , the poll touched off a competition .
That ’s a good thing , in my opinion .
These kinds of surveys are n’t meant to be scientific .
They ’re intended to stimulate discussion and give folks another way to express themselves .
We certainly accomplished that .
Now , can I make a small request ?
Perhaps some who came here to vote and comment could come back on occasion and contribute again to the discussions ?
We value your input .
For those still keeping score , the current tally stands at 22 % ( 175,901 votes ) for the White House and 76 % ( 610,350 votes ) for Fox News , with just 2 % ( 12,965 votes ) voting for neither side .
Since the publication of this article , nearly a quarter of a million votes were added to the total of a poll , which before attracting attention in the last four days had only gotten 13,000 votes in total for its first five days .
Illegal downloaders spend MORE on music than those who obey the law
Illegal music downloaders spend more on singles and albums than anyone else
People who illegally download music spend more on official releases than anyone else , according to a new survey .
The study , published today by think - tank Demos , found those who admit to file sharing spent an average £ 77 a year on singles and albums - £ 33 more than those who claim never to have wrongly accessed music for free .
Researcher Peter Bradwell said the findings should force companies and politicians to ' wake up to the changing nature ' of the music industry as the Government plans to disconnect illegal downloaders from the internet in a ' three strikes and you 're out ' rule .
An estimated seven million UK users download files illegally every year , which will cost the industry £ 200 million in 2009 , according to trade association , the British Phonographic Industry .
Artists Lily Allen and James Blunt recently voiced support for the Government plans , while Latin pop star Shakira claims illegal file sharing brings her closer to her fans .
The survey also revealed nearly two thirds of file sharers said new and cheaper music services would encourage them to stop accessing illegal services .
It found that by lowering the price of music available online to 45 p per track - compared to between 59 p and 99p on iTunes - providers could expect to double interest in legal sales .
Eight - three per cent of people downloading music illegally said they buy more music as a result , while 42 per cent said they did so to ' try before you buy ' .
But the Government is pressing ahead with plans for harsher punishments to act as a deterrent .
A Digital Economy
Bill is expected to be introduced to parliament later this month , with its draft promising to create a ' robust legal and regulatory framework to combat illegal file sharing ' .
Mr Bradwell said : ' This research demonstrates that cutting file sharers off may not be the best solution for the Government if they are intent on helping the music industry .
Divided : Lily Allen and Shakira are head - to - head over illegal file sharers
' Politicians and music companies need to wake up to the changing nature of music consumption and embrace the demand for new business models that offer lower prices and easier access to music . '
A 1,008 people aged between 18 and 50 were quizzed last month for the survey .
A spokesman for the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills said : ' The scale of unlawful file - sharing poses a real threat to the long - term sustainability of our creative industries .
The Government can not sit back and do nothing .
' While surveys asking people about unlawful behaviour should be treated with caution , it 's encouraging that the findings signal that the three - pronged approach set out by the Government this week - a mix of education , enforcement and attractive new commercial deals - provides the best way forward for industry and consumers . '
Rachel Maddow followed up on her interview with Jeff Sharlet , author of 2008 ’s ‘ The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power , ’ and contributing editor at Harper ’s on Wednesday evening to discuss new developments in the ties between ‘ The Family ’ and the Ugandan gay execution legislation .
Sharlet reveals that David Bahati , the Uganda legislator backing the bill , reportedly first floated the idea of executing gays during The Family ’s Uganda National Prayer Breakfast in 2008 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Maddow points out that David Bahati is scheduled to attend The Family ’s National Prayer Breakfast here in the U.S. in February 2010 .
That ’s the same ‘ Family ’ as Uganda ’s National Prayer Breakfast .
The liberal host , herself a lesbian , asks Sharlet about that 2008 meeting , “ Do we know if there were any Americans …elected officials present ?
“ We have n’t been able to confirm this , ” Sharlet notes , a Christian business consultant was present , and possibly “ Senator James Inhofe . ”
He explains that Inhofe ( R - OK ) has been “ especially active in the Ugandan National Prayer Breakfasts , ” and that Family member Inhofe visits there twice a year .
Sharlet spoke of a rift within
The Family over supporting the Ugandan legislation , though not one of them has come out publicly to speak against it .
And not only is David Bahati scheduled to attend the National Prayer Breakfast here in the U.S. in February , but President Barack Obama is a scheduled speaker as well .
“ If not , there ’s the prospect of an American president speaking at an event before an invited audience that includes the guy… who introduced legislation to execute people for being gay in his country with the support and encouragement of American quacks like ex-gay therapists , ” said Maddow , apparently referring to her guest Monday evening , gay - to - straight “ therapist ” Richard Cohen .
“ Wow . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Maddow was joined by Harper ’s Magazine contributing editor Jeff Sharlet to talk about the secretive religious group , The Family , and how it influenced the drafting of Uganda ’s anti-homosexuality bill .
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Dec. 9 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Movies have been the inspiration for custom bike themes since the first steam powered bicycle had a picture of Steamboat Willie painted on it .
In fact , the Predator movie has been the inspiration for many themed bikes by dozens of builders , but never quite like this .
When Roderick “ Slick Rick ” McCullough , a successful business owner from Georgia , decided he wanted to make a theme bike to top them all , he found only one shop that was up to the task of pushing the limits of machine , style and taste .
No other custom builds have received more reactions than those featured by Dennis “ D - Man ” Vazquez of Pit Stop Motorsports .
Nothing provokes screams of love or hate like one of his three - dimensional monsters .
The letters and e-mails pour in with an almost dead - even split of passionate perceptions .
One thing ’s for certain – there ’s no denying D - Man ’s bikes demand attention .
A few months later the build was finished and it was time for delivery in Myrtle Beach .
Up to this point McCullough knew very little of the details , only that he left his credit card running with D - Man ’s imagination .
Though the finished product surpassed all of his expectations , McCullough wondered if it would actually be rideable .
“ To be honest with you , I did n’t think it would run .
I took the bike off the trailer and pushed it around .
It sat for about four hours in front of the hotel until D - Man called me up and asked if we were ready to ride .
I barely got out of the parking lot before the police got me though .
I got two tickets for holding up traffic before making it a single mile ! ”
From : www.superstreetbike.com
We Recommend :
Growing up on Star Trek , I was always told that space was the final frontier .
What they never told me was that space is about as friendly to the human body as being microwaved alive in a frozen tundra–in essence , shelter is a necessity .
Like any Earthen home or building , an off world shelter on the Moon or Mars will need energy to keep its residents comfortable ( not to mention alive ) , and power outages of any sort will not be tolerated –unless a person desires to be radiated and frozen ( which is probably not a great way to “ kick the bucket ” ) .
While some may look towards solar power to help keep the lights on and the heat flowing , it may be wiser instead to look at an upcoming “ fission battery ” from Hyperion Power Generation to power future colonies on the Moon , Mars , and perhaps an plasma rocket powered starship as well .
Originally created by Dr. Otis Peterson while on staff at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico , Hyperion Power Generation ( which I ’ll call HPG for short ) has licensed Dr. Peterson ’s miniature nuclear reactor which are actually small enough to fit inside a decent sized hot tub .
Despite their small stature ( being 1.5 meters by 2.5 meters ) , one of these mini-reactors could provide enough energy to power 20,000 average sized American homes ( or 70 MW ’s of thermal energy in geek speak ) and can last up to ten years .
Since HPG is designing these mini-nuclear reactors to require little human assistance ( the “ little ” having to do with burying the reactors underground ) , these “ nuclear batteries ” would enable NASA ( or a wealthy space company ) to power an outpost on the Moon or Mars without having to rely upon the Sun ’s rays–at least as a primary source for power .
HPG ’s mini-reactors could also help power future star ships heading towards Jupiter or Saturn ( or even beyond ) , providing enough energy to not only keep the humans on board alive and comfortable , but provide enough thrust via plasma rockets as well .
Scheduled to be released in 2013 , these mini-reactors are priced at around $ 50 million each , which probably puts it outside the price range of the average private space corporation .
Despite the cost , it may be wise for NASA , the European Space Agency , Japan , India and ( if the US is in a really good trusting mood ) China to consider installing one ( or several ) of these mini-reactors for their respective bases , as it could enable humanity to actually do what has been depicted in scifi films and television shows–seek out new homes on new worlds and spread ourselves throughout the universe .
Source : Hyperion Power Generation , Inc. , Image Credit : NASA
Today , former governor Eliot Spitzer will be at Harvard , speaking at the Edmond J. Safra Foundation Center for Ethics , discussing , " What Should Be the Rationale for Government Participation in the Market ? "
But given Spitzer 's past , from Troopergate to Hookergate , one person is very upset — a madam who had Spitzer as a client .
In a letter to Professor Lawrence Lessig , Kristin Davis wrote , " For nearly 5 years , I supplied Mr. Spitzer with high priced escorts while he was both Attorney General and Governor .
For this crime , I served four months on Rikers Island , had all of my assets confiscated and am now considered a sex offender on 5 years probation .
Mr. Spitzer broke both state and federal laws and walked away free . "
She also adds , " I am greatly intrigued as to what Mr. Spitzer could contribute to an ethical discussion when as Chief Executive Law Enforcement Officer of NY he broke numerous laws for which he has yet to be punished .
As Attorney General he went around arresting and making examples out of the same escort agencies he was frequenting . "
Lessig tells the Post that Spitzer 's " Sheriff of Wall Street " past prompted his inclusion in the series of lectures , " We chose him because his experiences and perspective would be valuable to the study we 're conducting ... We do n't have a moral test for listening to people 's perspectives . "
But one Harvard Business school alum ( interviewed at the Harvard Club , natch ) told a Post reporter , " It 's unbelievably hypocritical .
He should find the deepest hole in Manhattan and crawl back into it .
Unfortunately , there 's no sense of shame anymore .
Shame died with the Clinton era . "
Today , Davis writes on her blog , " I know I 've done alot of speaking out regarding Spitzer and it may seem that I have some personal vendetta against him , I do not .
I do however feel that injustices and inequalities are worth repeating over and over again until they are actually addressed .
I have talked about him repeatedly but no one is asking him the HARD questions .
Now , this man , is lecturing at Harvard on ethics ? "
Update , 11/13 : Here 's what happened at forum — one question about Hookergate !
Posted by Buellboy
( our resident auto - tune expert )
Huffington Post––Michael and Andrew Gregory are back with their NINTH installment of “ Auto - Tune the News . ”
So far they ’ve taken on Sean Hannity in a gorilla costume , spiced up climate change speeches by GOPers , and used Arianna Huffington ’s serious words on the drug war to make light of their own reckless youths .
Now they ’ve moved on to the health care debate , Keith Olberman , Congressman Alan Grayson and President Obama ’s Peace Prize .
Reader Walter passed along this distressing sighting from Chris Floyd ’s blog .
American civil liberties were gutted last week , and the media failed to take note of it .
The development ?
If the president or one of his subordinates declares someone to be an “ enemy combatant ” ( the 21st century version of “ enemy of the state ” ) he is denied any protection of the law .
So any trouble - maker ( which means anyone ) can be whisked away , incarcerated , tortured , “ disappeared , ” you name it .
Floyd ’s commentary :
After hearing passionate arguments from the Obama Administration , the Supreme Court acquiesced to the president ’s fervent request and , in a one - line ruling , let stand a lower court decision that declared torture an ordinary , expected consequence of military detention , while introducing a shocking new precedent for all future courts to follow : anyone who is arbitrarily declared a “ suspected enemy combatant ” by the president or his designated minions is no longer a “ person . ”
They will simply cease to exist as a legal entity .
They will have no inherent rights , no human rights , no legal standing whatsoever — save whatever modicum of process the government arbitrarily deigns to grant them from time to time , with its ever - shifting tribunals and show trials .
It is hard to overstate the significance of this horrid decision .
The fact that the Supreme Court authorized this land grab says we no longer have an independent judiciary , that the Supreme Court itself is gutting the protections supposedly provided by the legal system .
Per Floyd :
In fact , our most august defenders of the Constitution did not have to exert themselves in the slightest to eviscerate not merely 220 years of Constitutional jurisprudence but also centuries of agonizing effort to lift civilization a few inches out of the blood - soaked mire that is our common human legacy .
They just had to write a single sentence .
Now Floyd saw this mainly as an issue of the treatment of enemy combatants and Obama hypocrisy about torture , which is bad enough :
The Constitution is clear : no person can be held without due process ; no person can be subjected to cruel and unusual punishment .
And the U.S. law on torture of any kind is crystal clear : it is forbidden , categorically , even in time of “ national emergency . ”
And the instigation of torture is , under U.S. law , a capital crime .
No person can be tortured , at any time , for any reason , and there are no immunities whatsoever for torture offered anywhere in the law .
And yet this is what Barack Obama — who , we are told incessantly , is a super - brilliant Constitutional lawyer — has been arguing in case after case since becoming president :
Torturers are immune from prosecution ; those who ordered torture are immune from prosecution …. let ’s be absolutely clear : Barack Obama has taken the freely chosen , public , formal stand — in court — that there is nothing wrong with any of these activities .
Yves here .
The implications are FAR worse .
Anyone can be stripped , with NO RECOURSE , of all their legal rights on a Presidential say so .
Readers in the US no longer have any security under the law .
Roman citizens enjoyed a right to a trial , a right of appeal , and could not be tortured , whipped , or executed except if found guilty of treason , and anyone charged with treason could demand a trial in Rome .
We have regressed more than 2000 years with this appalling ruling .
Look FLOAT EXAMINE EXPLORE
SALOME
A princess lovely in the moonlight , all are compelled to gaze upon her .
Everyone except Iokanaan , whom she thinks she loves .
She is commanded to dance by her step - father , Herod , and in exchange she is promised anything her heart desires .
Is it her own will or that of her mother that makes her ask for such a fatal gift ?
HERODIAS
She is the proud , hard Queen married to Herod the Tetrarch of Judea after he deposed , imprisoned and executed her first husband , Salome 's father .
She is slandered by Iokanaan who remains alive against her will .
She knows how everyone watches Salome dance and sees danger , but also opportunity there .
IOKANAAN Also known as : Saint John the Baptist .
He is a prisoner of King Herod .
Locked in the cistern of the palace and raging at the immorality of Salome and Herodias .
Unfortunately , he will not live much longer in this world .
You play as the spirit Iokanaan given one more night to put out the lights of your own existence .
OSCAR Wilde ’s Salome
“ Neither at things , nor at people should one look .
Only in mirrors should one look , for mirrors do but show us masks . ”
Oscar Wilde
Salome is a first century Judean princess mentioned in the Christian Bible by Matthew and by Mark .
But it is Oscar Wilde 's 19th century play “ Salome ” that really inspired Fatale .
In the Bible , Salome is a child who dances for King Herod and asks the head of John the Baptist as a reward .
In Wilde 's version , Salome falls in love with the prophet .
He rejects her and she has him executed .
Fatale takes place in the aftermath of those events , when all has turned quiet and the moon brings comfort to troubled hearts .
The interpretation of Salome is something worth playing .
In the ply the repeated reference to looking and seeing form the core experience of this interactive tableau .
Wilde 's text becomes a whispered soundscape .
You float as a spirit given one night to look as you please .
To look at the world , and to finally look at Salome , not as a Princess but for the girl that she is .
“ Salomé , Salomé , dance for me .
I pray thee dance for me .
I am sad to - night .
Yes , I am passing sad to - night .
When I came hither I slipped in blood , which is an evil omen ; and I heard , I am sure I heard in the air a beating of wings , a beating of giant wings .
I cannot tell what they mean .... I am sad to - night .
Therefore dance for me .
Dance for me , Salomé , I beseech you .
If you dance for me you may ask of me what you will , and I will give it you , even unto the half of my kingdom . ”
Our collection of exoplanets continues to expand and , in recent years , some dedicated hardware like CoRoT and Kepler have joined the search in space .
But the latest discovery comes from some pretty mundane hardware — a collection of 40 cm telescopes — and has some very compelling properties : a super earth that 's likely to harbor liquid water , and orbits a star that 's close enough to allow current observatories to image its atmosphere .
The results come courtesy of the MEarth project ( a description is available via the arXiv ) , which is based on Mount Hopkins in Arizona .
Instead of exotic , high - end optics , MEarth relies on eight 0.4 m telescopes that can be pointed independently .
The project works because the hardware is pointed at a very carefully chosen collection of stars : about 2,000 nearby M-dwarfs , which , as the name implies , are relatively small stars .
That means that even a moderate - sized planet orbiting one will occlude a significant fraction of its surface during transit .
The MEarth scopes are able to spot anything that blocks more than a half of a percent of the light as it transits in front of its host star .
Based on the first paper to come out of the project , everything worked precisely as planned .
Every 1.58 days , the light from the M - dwarf GJ 1214 displayed a dip in its luminosity of about 1.3 percent .
The team apparently alerted the HARPS project , which detects exoplanets by looking for red and blue shifts that their gravitational pull creates in the light from their host stars .
The HARPS instrument was able to confirm the presence of a planet and , based on how it tugged the host star around , estimated its mass : 6.55 times that of the Earth .
We 've also got a good sense of the radius of GJ 1214 , which allows us to estimate the planet 's radius , based on how much of the star 's light it 's occluding .
Combine that radius ( 2.7 Earth radii ) with the mass , and you have a rough estimate of the planet 's density .
It turns out to be less than half as dense as Earth .
There are a number of ways this could come about , but the two most likely ones are a rocky core surrounded by hydrogen gas , or planet with roughly equal amounts of rocky material and water .
The scientists involved lean heavily towards the latter explanation , since it 's highly unlikely that there would be much free hydrogen floating around the inner part of a planetary disk that 's rich enough in iron and rocky material to produce a solid core .
So , the conclusion is that GJ 1214b probably has a thin shell of hydrogen and helium for an atmosphere , and then a massive ocean above a silicate and iron core .
Depending on how reflective the planet 's atmosphere is , it may have temperatures as high as 555 K , or as low as 393 K — the latter figure is only 20 �C above the boiling point of water .
That 's far and away the coolest planet we 've yet spotted , and a far cry from the only other super earth we know much about , which is hot enough that its atmosphere probably contains vaporized titanium oxides .
Given the gravitational differences with Earth , which will cause pressure to build up rapidly , and it 's apparent that at least some of the water will almost certainly be liquid .
Because of the proximity of GJ 1214 b to its host star , some of this ocean will almost certainly boil into the atmosphere ( which an accompanying perspective compares to a sauna ) , where it will be split by UV radiation into hydrogen and oxygen .
The calculated radius of the planet is a bit thicker than the one predicted by planetary models , which provides a further indication that an atmosphere is present .
The planet is hot enough , however , that some fraction of those gasses will inevitably escape its pull .
All indications are that the host star is old , though , so it appears that GJ 1214b is at a stable , or at least long - lived , point in its evolution .
Assuming that the planet has an atmosphere dominated by hydrogen , the authors calculate that 0.16 percent of the light from GJ 1214 will pass through the atmosphere during transit events .
As such , GJ 1214 b may provide one of the best opportunities we have to study the contents of an exoplanet 's atmosphere in the near future .
Nature , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08679
People with pets dispose of their deceased animals ’ remains in different ways , but if they live in the city the options are obviously more limited .
You ca n’t just go in the woods and bury Pochi or Tama and set up a little memorial .
Moreover , there are laws about disposing of dead animals .
About a year ago our cat died .
We ’d lost two cats previously .
With the first one , we called a local temple , which immediately sent someone over to take the body away .
Several days later they called and we went to the temple where they said a little prayer and gave us the cremated remains in an urn , which we took home , even though the temple has a reliquary for pet remains .
For the second cat we called a pet cremation service directly .
Most such services are associated with temples so as to make their work seem less commercial , but even when you take your pet ’s body to a temple they send it out to a commercial cremation facility anyway .
These services will pick up the body at your home and later bring back the ashes ; or , more precisely , the bones , since cremation in Japan — even for humans — does n’t usually get as far as ashes , which entails another , different cremation process .
For Hannah , however , we tried something else , having read that most pet disposal services cremate a number of animals at the same time in order to cut down on costs .
Consequently , the remains you receive later may not be those of your pet .
The only way to know for sure is to witness your pet being cremated , so we called PET 594 CAR .
PET 594 CAR is a mobile cremation facility that comes to your house or apartment building and cremates your pet right there .
The number 594 when read in Japanese is prounced “ gokuyo , ” which means “ memorial service . ”
PET 594 CAR is a franchise business , which means independent operators buy their own trucks and outfit them with miniature crematoriums .
When you call the toll free number , the operator locates the franchise closest to your residence .
In our case , the franchisee called us back and asked for an appropriate place to meet .
We were n’t too sure what he meant , but it soon became clear .
Most people do not want funeral homes , cemeteries or crematoriums located in their neighborhoods , so the franchisee wanted to meet us somewhere fairly quiet .
After noting our address he suggested a road underneath the elevated highway across the Sumida River .
We wrapped our cat in a cloth , placed her in a backpack and rode our bicycles to the rendezvous , which was next to a vacant lot and out of sight of any residential housing .
The franchisee was very considerate and allowed us as much time as we wanted before placing Hannah in the oven .
He seemed to be following a manual .
The entire process would take two hours , so we returned home and waited .
He called a few hours later and delivered Hannah ’s remains in an urn .
Fees start at ¥ 15,000 for an animal less than one kilogram .
The price depends on the weight .
For any animal heavier than 25 kg , a regular crematorium has to be used .
A truck would be too small .
The maximum weight is 60 kg , which costs ¥ 58,000 .
PET 594 CAR also has connections to pet cemeteries , which are becoming more popular in Japan .
PET 594 CAR is n’t the only mobile pet crematorium service .
It ’s a growth business since not only do more and more Japanese people consider their pets to be members of their families , but so far there are n’t many regulations regarding trucks with crematoriums .
But if anyone complains , you can be sure there will be .
Tags : cremation , pets
Yen for Living is produced by Philip Brasor , a freelance writer - for - hire , and Masako Tsubuku , a freelance translator and interpreter .
They are currently working together on a book about Japanese housing that will probably never be finished .
In the meantime they have their own blog on the subject : Cat Foreheads & Rabbit Hutches .
You can read more by Philip at philipbrasor.com .
At the end of a long , brutal fight , Pete Carroll extended an olive branch .
Rick Neuheisel poked him with it .
In the final seconds of a game that had already been decided , Pete Carroll made a common gesture to save players while allowing UCLA to save face .
Rick Neuheisel swung at him with it .
Advertisement
For more than three hours , the two disillusioned locals played through a season ’s worth of problems to produce a tough and classy crosstown rivalry game .
Then , acting like a brat , Rick Neuheisel changed all of it .
In a classic turned catfight , Saturday night was all right for spiting , a snubbing becoming a taunting becoming a touchdown that nearly led to a brawl .
Yeah , only one of the nuttiest 54 - second stretches in the last 79 years .
Advertisement
The final score was USC 28 , UCLA 7 , but only after Damian Williams caught a 48 - yard touchdown pass from Matt Barkley in the final minute that symbolized an angry Carroll ’s jab into the chest of an unappreciative Neuheisel .
Said Carroll : “ It was the heart of the competitor just battling . ”
Said Neuheisel : “ People can make their own conclusions . ”
The conclusion here was that Neuheisel ’s pettiness in the face of Carroll ’s professionalism was wrong .
Advertisement
In the end , while his players deserved better , Neuheisel got exactly what he deserved .
The strife began with USC leading , 21 - 7 , and holding the ball at the UCLA 48 - yard line with 54 seconds left .
Carroll ordered quarterback Matt Barkley to take a knee .
This normally signifies a winning team refusing to pile up the score , a winning team willing to gently end the game .
But Neuheisel refused to accept the gesture by calling a timeout .
Advertisement
The baffled Coliseum crowd booed .
The stunned USC players howled .
Yes , it was only the first of UCLA ’s three timeouts , meaning if USC kept taking a knee , Neuheisel could have kept calling them and eventually gained possession of the ball with about two seconds remaining .
Down two touchdowns with two seconds left .
Was that worth a timeout , Coach ?
Advertisement
“ I had three timeouts left , ” Neuheisel said later simply .
Carroll was n’t thrilled .
He immediately forgot the knee and went for the throat .
On the next play , Barkley threw deep to Williams , who sprinted down the middle past the UCLA defenders to catch the ball inside the 10 - yard line and streak into the end zone for extra touchdown .
In any other situation , this would be considered piling on .
Advertisement
But on Saturday , it was simply getting even .
By calling a timeout , Neuheisel was making it clear that he did not agree with Carroll ’s decision to take a knee .
So Carroll said fine , he would keep playing .
If Carroll had ordered the Trojans to continue to take a knee in the wake of Neuheisel ’s timeout , it would have symbolized a lack of respect for his players .
Advertisement
Neuheisel had a choice .
His decision left Carroll with no choice .
“ He called timeout , nothing wrong with that , just compete , ” Carroll said of Neuheisel .
“ Then the play came up on the headset and I thought , great freaking call . ”
The crowd erupted in the loudest cheers of the night .
The USC players began jumping up and down in their biggest show of emotion .
The Trojans were soon jumping on the field , closer and closer to midfield , and the beaten Bruins jogged out to meet them , and a referee was steamrollered by a Bruins player , and a fight nearly erupted .
Advertisement
Neuheisel publicly scolded everyone , saying , '' The bottom line is that just does n’t belong in these games .
There ’s too much pride and it does n’t belong . ”
But do n’t blame the players .
They are just big kids just trying to deal with their coach ’s little games .
“ It was just the heat of the moment , it ’s the rivalry pretty much , ” the Bruins ’ Rahim Moore said .
“ I was so mad and I seldom get mad .
But you ca n’t get mad at them .
They won . ”
When the game finally ended , Carroll and Neuheisel met for only a moment at midfield before parting ways .
Advertisement
Said Carroll : “ We ’ve been saying it for years , living it for years . . . just compete . ”
Said Neuheisel : “ I do n’t forget very much . ”
Here ’s guessing he ’ll want to forget this one .
On this night , the brat who called a timeout needed to be put in one .
Advertisement
bill.plaschke@latimes.com
twitter.com /billplaschke
As the world spins faster and faster — or maybe it just seems that way when an email can travel around the world in fractions of a second — we mortals need a variety of ways to cope with the resulting pressures .
We need to maintain some semblance of balance and some sense that we are steering the ship of our life .
Otherwise we feel overloaded , overreact to minor annoyances and feel like we can never catch up .
As far as I 'm concerned , one of the best ways is by seeking , and enjoying , solitude .
That said , there is an important distinction to be established right off the bat .
There is a world of difference between solitude and , though the two terms are often used interchangeably .
From the outside , solitude and loneliness look a lot alike .
Both are characterized by solitariness .
But all resemblance ends at the surface .
Loneliness is a negative state , marked by a sense of isolation .
One feels that something is missing .
It is possible to be with people and still feel lonely — perhaps the most bitter form of loneliness .
Solitude is the state of being alone without being lonely .
It is a positive and constructive state of engagement with oneself .
Solitude is desirable , a state of being alone where you provide yourself wonderful and sufficient company .
Solitude is a time that can be used for reflection , inner searching or growth or enjoyment of some kind .
Deep reading requires solitude , so does experiencing the beauty of nature .
Thinking and usually do too .
Solitude suggests peacefulness stemming from a state of inner richness .
It is a means of enjoying the quiet and whatever it brings that is satisfying and from which we draw sustenance .
It is something we cultivate .
Solitude is refreshing ; an opportunity to renew ourselves .
In other words , it replenishes us .
Loneliness is harsh , , a deficiency state , a state of discontent marked by a sense of estrangement , an awareness of excess aloneness .
Solitude is something you choose .
Loneliness is imposed on you by others .
We all need periods of solitude , although temperamentally we probably differ in the amount of solitude we need .
Some solitude is essential ;
It gives us time to explore and know ourselves .
It is the necessary counterpoint to , what allows us to have a self worthy of sharing .
Solitude gives us a chance to regain perspective .
It renews us for the challenges of life .
It allows us to get ( back ) into the position of driving our own lives , rather than having them run by schedules and demands from without .
Solitude restores body and mind .
Loneliness depletes them .
While the main characters get all the hype in shows like 24 , The Office and 30 Rock , it ’s often the supporting cast that makes those shows great .
You ’ll see a drama where there ’s some background character turns out to be a bigger badass than the star , or a fringe character on a comedy will absolutely annihilate with the funniest line of the night .
Well we ’d like to see more of those people , damn it .
So we got to thinking , who are some great supporting television characters who need their own show ?
We excluded the obvious choices like Ari Gold and Barney Stinson , who have pretty much taken over as the driving force behind the successes of their respective shows .
So now we ’ve narrowed it down to a list of six of our favorite characters we ’d like to see branch out and become the stars .
Because frankly , they ’re just that awesome .
6. Aaron Pierce ( 24 )
The loyal , world weary and totally badass secret service agent has pretty much been through and seen it all .
While Jack Bauer was getting all of the accolades for saving the world over and over , Aaron Pierce has just kept on plugging along , even coming out of retirement to help out at every turn .
All the while he ’s been one of , if not the only character on 24 who has stuck to his principles throughout the duration of the show , a level headed guy who just goes about the business of kicking ass and saving the day without ever taking even an ounce of credit .
And unlike Jack Bauer , he ’s never tortured a dude with a lamp .
Also a bonus is that he ’s yet to be killed off , the same can;t be said for many of 24 ’s more memorable characters ( and less memorable ones as well ) .
5. Murray Hewitt ( Flight of the Conchords )
The perpetually naïve and often flustered Murray is always in over his head when he tries to maintain the balance between band manager and attaché to New Zealand .
Every scene in which Murray pops up is bound to be pure gold , and fans always get especially excited when he takes center stage .
Considering how remarkably funny every single member of the cast is , the fact that Murray stands out so much speaks volumes to both how awesome he is as a character as well as how damned hilarious Rhys Darby is in playing the role .
We ’re not sure what a spin off about Murray would entail , but whether he attempted to break into showbiz himself or trained dolphins , we know it would be one of the funniest things on TV .
4. Eric Northman ( True Blood )
Yes , we know that True Blood is basically a primetime soap opera with vampires ( and other equally strange assorted creatures ) .
But the show also has a few things going for it that not many others can boast .
First , Anna Paquin gets naked in it .
Like , a lot .
And two , it ’s got Erik , one of the most badass characters on TV .
Until now , we ’ve only been given glimpses to just how badass Erik really is both in a flashback and when someone really , really pisses him off .
However , can you imagine how awesome a show about Erik ’s previous 1,000 years of life could be , watching him epically destroy everything in his path ?
On the bright side , we may actually get to see a little of this if HBO lives up to their promise of showing more flashbacks of everyone ’s favorite Norse vampire .
3. Creed Bratton ( The Office )
There ’s only one reason Creed is n’t higher on this list , and that ’s the fact that unlike some of the other characters mentioned here he might be a bit too much of a one note character to really drive a show .
Still , every second with Creed on The Office is sheer genius , as the writers really seem to love giving him the most bizarre and hilarious one lines imaginable .
The reason we think he could pull off his own show is that it would be amazing to delve into the demented life that he claims to have .
By our count , he ’s faked his own death multiple times to get out of debt and killed a man named Creed Bratton , because he crossed him once .
He sells fake ID ’s , and based on his reaction to being told ( in the midst of a murder mystery game ) that he might be wanted for murder , we ’re thinking that Creed Bratton might just be Scranton ’s criminal kingpin .
We ’re dying for a deeper look into the life of Creed Bratton , though at the same time we ’re horrified to think what we might see .
2. Sam Axe ( Burn Notice )
Yes , Sam Axe is this high on the list in large part because he ’s played by the one and only Bruce Campbell .
We readily admit that , because Bruce would n’t want us to lie .
It ’s not his way .
But this is also one of the cases where the level of awesome of the character actually lives up to the awesomeness of the actor portraying him .
Sam has done it all .
Former special forces , former secret agent , and current beer swilling , gold digging tail chaser who gets the chance to prove now and then ( typically as his undercover alter ego Charles Finley ) that despite being a little over the hill and out of shape , he ’s still got what it takes to kick some serious bad guy ass just as efficiently as Michael Westen .
And damn it , it ’s about time Bruce Campbell got his own show .
1. Sue Sylvester ( Glee )
Go ahead , get the laughing out of your system .
Yes , the number one spot goes to a character from a show that is basically a musical comedy .
Well first of all , if you ’re actually laughing you ’ve clearly never seen the show , which is bitingly hilarious , in large part thanks to the great Jane Lynch as Sue Sylvester .
Sue is a character of epic proportions .
She claims to have been waterboarded , lives with hepatitis , once filled her own cavity , euthanized her own mother , enjoys yelling at homeless people , “ Hey , how is that homelessness working out for you ?
Try not being homeless for once ” , thinks the desire to procreate shows personal weakness , does n’t trust men with curly hair , and has taken a pro-littering stance , hoping to someday see every inch of the state covered in garbage .
Basically , we ’re saying that if you put a show of Sue Sylvester simply staring into the camera and giving her views on life , that would rank right up there with some of the greatest and funniest shows of all time .
Probably with the most tragic , too .
Al 's Gore 's much - anticipated sequel to An Inconvenent Truth is published today , with an admission that facts alone will not persuade Americans to act on global warming and that appealing to their spiritual side is the way forward .
In his latest book , Our Choice : A Plan to Solve the Climate Crisis , the man who won a Nobel prize in 2007 for his touring slideshow on disappearing polar ice and other consequences of climate change , concludes : " Simply laying out the facts wo n't work . "
Instead , Gore tells Newsweek magazine in a pre-publication interview , that he has been adapting his fact - based message - now put out by hundreds of volunteers - to appeal to those who believe there is a moral or religious duty to protect the planet .
" I 've done a Christian [ - based ] training program ; I have a Muslim training program and a Jewish training program coming up , also a Hindu program coming up .
I trained 200 Christian ministers and lay leaders here in Nashville in a version of the slide show that is filled with scriptural references .
It 's probably my favourite version , but I do n't use it very often because it can come off as proselytising , " Gore tells Newsweek .
Gore 's book arrives at a time of intense international scrutiny of America 's moves on the environment ahead of an international meeting on global warming at Copenhagen , now just more than a month away .
It draws on the scholarly approach Gore developed for Inconvenient Truth .
Since 2007 , the former vice - president has been calling experts together from fields ranging from agriculture to neuroscience to discuss possible solutions to climate change .
The book draws on 30 such " solutions summits " , as well as Gore 's countless telephone conversations with scientists at America 's best institutions .
According to the book 's press release , " Among the most unique approaches Gore takes in the book is showing readers how our own minds can be an impediment to change . "
New polling last month showed a steep decline in the numbers of Americans who share Gore 's sense of urgency in acting on climate change .
The book aims to reach those Americans by familiarising readers with emerging alternative energy sources , such as geothermal , biomass and wind power , as well as the possibilities of making cleaner coal power plants , and developing a more efficient and responsive " smart " electrical grid .
Gore also explores how deforestation , soil erosion , and the rising world population are multiplying the effects of rising greenhouse gas emissions .
Much of the material was developed through the series of brainstorming sessions organised by Gore .
Since 2007 , the former vice - president has been calling experts together to discuss possible solutions to climate change .
He has also held countless telephone conversations with scientists at America 's best institutions .
" He is one of the only politicians that takes the time to actually talk to scientists who are producing the cutting - edge stuff and he comes in with questions .
He does n't ask us how our results impinge on a particular policy he actually asks about science , " said Gavin Schmidt , a climatologist at Nasa 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , who spoke to Gore along with colleagues four or five times for the book .
" Nobody that we have dealt with has ever taken as much time to understand the subtlety of the science and all the different complications and what it all means as Al Gore . "
Those conversations led Gore to politically inconvenient conclusions in this new book .
In his conversations with Schmidt and other colleagues at the beginning of the year , Gore explored new studies - published only last week - that show methane and black carbon or soot had a far greater impact on global warming than previously thought .
Carbon dioxide - while the focus of the politics of climate change - produces around 40 % of the actual warming .
Gore acknowledged to Newsweek that the findings could complicate efforts to build a political consensus around the need to limit carbon emissions .
" Over the years I have been among those who focused most of all on CO2 , and I think that 's still justified , " he told the magazine .
" But a comprehensive plan to solve the climate crisis has to widen the focus to encompass strategies for all " of the greenhouse culprits identified in the Nasa study .
The former vice - president has been working behind the scenes to try to nudge the White House and Congress to move forward on a 920 - page proposed law to cut America 's greenhouse gas emissions and encourage its use of clean energy sources like solar and wind power .
On Saturday , he told the German newspaper , Der Spiegel , he was " almost certain " Obama would attend the negotiations .
The White House has so far refused to make a commitment .
But Gore has also been confronted with almost daily fresh reminders of the difficulties of prodding Americans to action .
The proposed legislation has set off a ferocious debate about the costs of dealing with climate change - with conservative Democrats and Republicans saying reducing America 's use of oil will deepen unemployment and hurt average American families .
Republicans in the Senate have threatened to boycott a session today that had been called to move forward a draft of a 920 - page proposed law to deal with climate change .
Progress on the bill is seen as crucial to getting a binding deal at Copenhagen .
Barbara Boxer , the chair of the Senate 's environment and public works committee , said yesterday she was ready to move ahead without any Republican participation .
By Andrew Benson
Renault could become the fourth manufacturer to quit F1 in a year Renault have held an emergency board meeting in Paris to discuss pulling out of Formula 1 with immediate effect .
The French car company was considering whether to remain in the sport with its own team , switch to simply being an engine supplier or quit altogether .
The outcome of Wednesday 's meeting was not immediately forthcoming .
News of Renault 's possible exit comes on the day Toyota said it was quitting F1 , becoming the third car company to leave the sport in the last 11 months .
Renault 's emergency board meeting was attended by F1 team bosses Bob Bell and Jean - Francois Caubet , although neither man was allowed to take part in the debate about the team 's future .
ANDREW BENSON BLOG
Renault have motorsport in their blood
Renault have had their least competitive F1 season since 2002 and finished eighth out of 10 teams in the constructors ' championship after Sunday 's final race of the season in Abu Dhabi .
The company came under scrutiny for the team 's involvement in the Singapore 2008 race - fixing scandal , in which they decided not to contest charges that they had asked Nelson Piquet Jr to crash to aid team - mate Fernando Alonso 's bid for victory .
Motorsport 's governing body the FIA gave Renault a ban from F1 , suspended for two years , as punishment , while team bosses Flavio Briatore and Pat Symonds were forbidden from attending FIA - sanctioned events .
Last month , Renault signed the highly - rated Polish driver Robert Kubica to lead their team in 2010 as a replacement for double world champion Alonso , who has moved to Ferrari .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Leading Australian environmental scientist Tim Flannery says he is happy with the outcome of the Copenhagen climate change negotiations .
World leaders failed to secure a binding agreement instead opting for a non-binding accord which relies on countries setting their own emissions targets .
Professor Flannery says while the current commitments are not enough to halt dangerous climate change , the outcome is an important first step .
" My overview would be in the absence of any shift in the American target we 're likely to be a few gigatonnes of carbon short of a satisfactory target for 2020 , " he said .
" [ It ] does n't mean we wo n't achieve it .
The agreement as it looks at the moment is good , but not perfect . "
The former Australian of the Year says that it will take a few days for the full implications of the accord to become apparent .
" I think that these sort of agreements in the details really only become more evident with time , " he said .
" Perhaps in the next few days we 'll get to see a little bit more of precisely what has been agreed , and what it means overall .
" [ But ] if I was to sum it up in a single phrase I 'd say this has been a good , successful meeting .
" It 's only one step on the road but we are now really in the throes of tackling this very difficult problem and this meeting has been a very significant step forward .
I would n't like anyone to undersell what 's been achieved .
I think it is very significant . "
Professor Flannery said amid the commentary on whether or not the deal should have been binding , it was important not to lose sight of the gains made at the conference .
" We 've made a huge advance at this meeting on a number of fronts , one being those pledged emissions , another being the funding we 've got for adaptation and mitigation in developing countries , and of course the REDD Negotiations , the world 's efforts to protect the tropical rainforests , " he said .
" That seems to be going very well indeed .
I 'm just waiting to hear the final status of REDD but I 'm very hopeful we 'll get a good agreement . "
' Outstanding role '
Professor Flannery also praised Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's efforts in securing the agreement .
" I think that our Prime Minister has played an outstanding role , " he said .
" I was at a briefing he gave on Thursday morning .
He was quite frank and honest in his opinion that he was doing his best but there was absolutely no guarantee of success .
" I think he was a little more downbeat than what we now know of the outcome would suggest he could have been .
" But he 's been working very hard for the last few months ... and he's just been fantastic all the way , he just shines at it ... he 's been really important through these meetings .
" We 've had a number of problems with Denmark [ hosting the conference ] ... and I think the Australian position as Friend of the Chair has really helped them through some of that . "
He also maintained while many in the scientific community will be disappointed with the outcome , the inherent restrictions of the conference meant binding targets were unfeasible .
" It depends on who hoped for what .
The scientists would like to see an accord which would cut emissions to the point where we'd have a very good chance of avoiding dangerous climate change , " he said .
" But you know the political reality of this is , it 's really tough to do that and this is a step on a road , that 's the way I 'd look at it , it 's a step on a long road .
" It 's a particularly important step and I 'm not entirely dissatisfied with the agreement .
I think it is a significant step forward and it could have been a lot worse . "
It is not often that a political party puts more than $ 750,000 behind a candidate in a high - profile Congressional race , only to see the intended beneficiary endorse the opposition .
But that is exactly what happened in the race for New York ’s 23rd District , a convoluted contest that turned into an Election Day disaster for the National Republican Congressional Committee .
The initial backing of Assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava in a solidly Republican district cost the House Republicans ’ campaign arm a significant amount of cash , considering that she bowed out of the race under conservative pressure just days before the election .
Then Ms. Scozzafava publicly threw her support behind Bill Owens , the eventual winner , who was sworn in Friday as the 258th Democrat in the House and will be a crucial vote in the health care debate .
While the traditional view among Congressional campaign veterans is that special House elections like the one in New York last Tuesday are given political significance beyond their true import , this one had some notable fallout .
TUSCALOOSA , Ala . -- Mark Ingram said his bruised hip is fine and he will " most definitely " be ready for the Southeastern Conference championship game against No. 1 Florida .
No .
2 Alabama 's tailback was injured in the fourth quarter against Auburn on Friday and played a limited role on the Crimson Tide 's final winning drive in a 26 - 21 win .
Coach Nick Saban said the Heisman Trophy contender would practice Monday but might be held out of contact drills .
Ingram was held to 30 yards on 16 carries against the Tigers , easily his roughest outing of the season .
He said Auburn defenders made it hard for him to get any space by putting eight or nine defenders near the line of scrimmage .
Ingram had an extra day to rest after the game and says his " body feels great . "
From Bulbanews , your community Pokémon newspaper .
Games to be released March 14 , 2010 according to online retailer
Article Report error Saturday , December 12 , 2009 Reported on Bulbanews by nYoo
This article brought to you by Bulbanews , your community Pokémon newspaper .
Link to this article
HeartGold
SoulSilver
Update : Nintendo of America has announced that this date is official .
The box art , however , is yet to be confirmed .
See this article for more information .
The online retailer Amazon has added a release date and the North American game boxart for Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver to its product listings .
According to this , the games will be released in North America on March 14 , 2010 .
Although the added box art images make the information provided by Amazon very plausible , it has to be noted that there is no official announcement of the date yet .
HeartGold and SoulSilver are remakes of the Pokémon Gold and Silver .
They were released Sept. 12 in Japan , and will be released in South Korea on Feb .
4 . No information on release dates for the European and Australian versions have been announced besides " Spring 2010 " .
If Amazon 's listing is true , then all known releases of the games will be bundled with the pedometer known as the Pokéwalker .
Despite the obvious problems associated with the homebuyer tax credit , the Federal government will apparently do anything to keep the housing ponzi scheme from collapsing any further .
That 's why the program is set to be extended soon to cover the spring selling season .
What 's more , their proposal would also be expanded to allow higher - income Americans and some who already own homes to qualify for the tax break .
Yippee more " free " money !!!
That 's true even though the existing program has turned out to be exactly what you would expect from Uncle Sam :
All smoke and dubious results .
In fact , according to estimates by Ted Gayer at the Brookings Institution , each additional home sale generated by the $ 8,000 first - time homebuyers ' tax credit actually costs the government $ 43,000 for each additional sale .
It 's madness I tell you .
Besides , according to Moody 's this is one collapse that can't be stopped ....
From Bloomberg by Jody Shenn entitled : Moody's May Downgrade Mortgage Bonds With New Outlook
" Moody 's Investors Service said it 's planning a review of U.S. home - loan securities that will likely lead to another round of rating changes based on a new view that property prices wo n't bottom until next year 's third quarter .
The firm will boost its loss projections by " significant " amounts for prime - jumbo , Alt - A , option adjustable - rate and subprime mortgages backing bonds issued between 2005 and 2008 , also after seeing higher losses per foreclosure than expected , Moody 's said today in a statement .
Recent data showing rising home prices does n't prove the slump is over , the company said .
" The overhang of impending foreclosures and the continued rise in unemployment rates will impact home prices negatively in the coming months , " New York - based Moody 's said .
Since the first quarter , the company has assumed in its mortgage - bond ratings that housing prices would bottom at the end of this year .
Ratings reductions typically boost the capital needs of bondholders such as banks and insurers and force some investors to sell debt .
Moody 's and Standard & Poor 's , criticized by lawmakers for assigning top grades to mortgage debt proven too high by later defaults , have already cut ratings on hundreds of billions of dollars of notes in the $ 1.7 trillion market for so - called non-agency mortgage bonds , which lack government backing , lowering many securities multiple times . "
Here 's a bet home prices fall another 10 % — - no matter how hard they try to prop them up .
Related Articles :
The Madness of Extending the Home Buyer Tax Credit
Home Buyer Tax Credit Gives Way to Fraud
To learn more about Wealth Daily click here
To make pictures using text is called ASCII art and it ’s a recognized graphics design technique .
The picture is pieced together in this art from characters like A - Z and 0 - 9 or other symbols .
If you ’re good at thinking , you can create ASCII art using any text editor .
It ’s very useful for typewriters and mobile SMS for the representation of images as text .
When I first got access to a software that converts image to text , I tried it on many pictures .
Trust me , it ’s fun especially when you see your friend ’s pictures in text .
The idea is not new , I remember seeing this art in X - Files TV series .
I have found this awesome software , ASCII Generator , that can convert any image to text that accurately represents the original image .
The text can be stored in black & white as well as color .
You can save the text - image in the . txt file and we also have the option to save text in a .gif file .
The software has many features like :
Supports up to 40 image input formats including gif , jpg , jpeg , png , tif , ico , bmp
Save as a TXT or as a bitmap image in black and white or colored
Modify brightness and contrast
Edit the text by hand with all the usual text editing functions
Apply various effects to the text
Modify color levels
Print the text image directly from the application
Conversions are optimized for various fonts
Use your own character ramp , use default ramp or the most common available
The images that have a lot of sharp edges and a variety of colors get the best result when converted to text .
I have tried it on many pictures , let me show you 2 good ones :
You have the option to save the text in a . txt file which will give you the freedom to use and edit it like a written text .
Here ’s a crazy idea , pick some silly smiley from the internet , convert it into text , copy the letters into your cellphone and send it to friends .
Download
The software name is Ascgen and it stands for ASCII generator .
The software is available for free download under general public license .
Download link .
We 've been saying it all along : Jobs jobs jobs .
Without one , you simply can't pay your mortgage .
And that 's exactly what the Mortgage Bankers Association said in its Quarterly Delinquency Survey today : " Job losses continue to increase and drive up delinquencies and foreclosures because mortgages are paid with paychecks , not percentage point increases in GDP . "
So while you may think the economy is improving a bit , that does n't mean that the foreclosure crisis is improving .
But what about that government 's Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ) which is supposedly helping hundreds of thousands of borrowers to avoid foreclosure ?
Well it is , but it 's not keeping pace with the problem .
The MBA reports that in Q3 the seasonally adjusted delinquency rate rose to 9.64 percent of all loans outstanding , up 40 basis points from Q2 .
Loans in the foreclosure process rose to 4.47 percent , up 17 basis points from Q2 .
Add it up and 14.41 % of all loans in the U.S. are either delinquent or in foreclosures .
Do I really need to tell you that that 's a new record ?
Now for a few caveats .
Many the loans that are in the modification trial period under HAMP ( which is supposed to be three months ) are listed in the 90 - day + delinquency bucket , so it 's quite possible that those loans will not go into foreclosure .
However , the increase in the overall delinquency rate was driven by prime , fixed - rate loans , and those are loans that are far harder to modify .
Why ?
Because they 're not delinquent due to some reset or faulty loan product or bad underwriting , they 're going bad because the borrower has lost his / her job and has no income .
The bank can try to wait it out a few months to see if the job situation changes , but it 's likely that loan is going to fail , period .
Should I get started on the FHA now ?
You know I have to .
Here 's the MBA 's work :
The foreclosure rate on FHA loans also increased , despite having a large increase in the number of FHA - insured loans outstanding .
The number of FHA loans outstanding has increased by about 1.1 million over the last year .
This increase in the denominator depresses the delinquency and foreclosure percentages .
If we assume these newly - originated loans are not the ones defaulting and remove the big denominator increase from the calculation results , the foreclosure rate would be 1.76 percent rather than 1.31 percent reported .
So just go back to 10th grade math .
You would think that if there were so many more FHA loans in the total pool that even if the delinquencies bumped up a bit , the percentage share would decrease .
Not so , because a whole lot of FHA loans are going bad .
" Yesterday ’s subprime is today ’s FHA , ” said Toll Brothers CEO Bob Toll at a UBS home builder conference in New York .
“ It ’s a definite train wreck and the flag will go up in the next couple of months : Bail us out .
Give us more money . ”
And that from the luxury home builder .
One more thing from the MBA :
The number of loans 90 days or more past due or in foreclosure is now a little over 4 million as compared with 3.9 million new and previously occupied homes currently for sale , although there is likely some overlap between the two numbers .
The ultimate resolution of these seriously delinquent loans will put added pressure on the hardest hit sections of the country .
Yes , four states ( CA , NV , AZ , FL ) continue to bear the brunt of the crisis , accounting for 43 percent of total U.S. foreclosures .
25 percent of all loans in Florida are in trouble .
But the problem is spreading , especially in the Carolinas and Georgia and in states you might not expect like Utah .
Shares
Several weeks ago I wrote the first in a brief series of posts discussing the different types of evidence used in medicine .
In that post I discussed the role of correlation in determining cause and effect .
In this post I will discuss the basic features of an experimental study , which can sere as a check - list in evaluating the quality of a clinical trial .
Medical studies can be divided into two main categories – pre-clinical or basic science studies , and clinical studies .
Basic science studies involve looking at how parts of the biological system work and how they can be manipulated .
They typically involve so - called in vitro studies ( literally in glass ) – using test tubes , petri dishes , genetic sequencers , etc .
Or they can involve animal studies .
Clinical trials involve people .
They are further divided into two main categories – observational studies and experimental studies .
I will be discussing experimental studies in this post – studies in which an intervention is done to study subjects .
Observational studies , on the other hand , look at what is happening or what has happened in the world , but does not involve any intervention .
Experimental Studies
The primary advantage of experimental studies is that they allow for the direct control of variables – in the hopes of isolating the variable of interest .
Results are therefore capable of being highly reliable , although good clinical experiments are difficult to design and execute .
When assessing a clinical trial here are the features to examine .
Prospective vs Retrospective
A prospective trial is one in which the treatment and the outcomes are determined prior to any intervention being done .
Experimental trials are almost by definition prospective .
A retrospective trial is one in which the data is gathered after the fact – taking patient records , for example , and looking at treatments and outcomes .
In a retrospective study you can try to account for variables , but you cannot control for them .
It is therefore much more likely that there are confounding factors and the results are not as reliable .
Also , retrospective studies can be biased by the way information is obtained – there can be a bias in the way patients are identified , for example .
Prospective trials are therefore considered superior to retrospective trials , which are at best preliminary in their conclusions .
Placebo - Controlled
Not all prospective trials are placebo - controlled , however .
A non-controlled trial might identify potential subjects , give them all a treatment , and then see how they do .
Such open - label single arm trials cannot control for placebo effects or experimenter biases , and again results should be considered preliminary .
Open or uncontrolled trials are not useless , however .
The outcome of subjects in such trials can be compared to historical controls , and if a significant result is apparent ( along with safety ) can be used to justify a larger and more rigorous trial .
Controlled trials have one or more comparison groups in the trial itself – different groups of subjects receive different treatments or no treatment .
All subjects can be followed in same manner .
Control groups allow the experimenter to make sure that all the subjects have the same disease or symptoms , that they receive known treatments , and many variables ( such as other treatments they may be receiving , severity at inclusion , age , sex , race , etc. ) can be accounted for .
Controlling for variables
With controlled trials the experimenter can start to control for variables .
If the question is – does treatment A improve outcome in disease X , a controlled prospective trial can attempt to isolate treatment A from other factors that may affect outcome .
One method for controlling variables is stratification – the study protocol can place subjects in different treatment groups so that the groups end up with the same proportion of different sexes , ages , races , and other known variables that may be pertinent .
Stratification can control for known or obvious confounding factors .
But of course there can always be unknown confounding factors .
The only way to deal with these is through randomization and large study size .
If a large number of subjects are randomly assigned ( once stratified for age , sex , etc. ) into the different treatment groups , then any unknown variables should average out .
Of course , this requires sufficient numbers – small studies are always suspect because the groups may be significantly different by chance alone .
Randomization is important because when patients select their own treatments this opens the door for selection bias .
For example , sicker patients may opt for more aggressive therapy .
They will do worse because they were sicker to begin with , making the more aggressive therapy look less effective .
Blinding
A randomized prospective trial can control for many variables , but the only way to control for placebo effects and the bias of the experimenters is with blinding – meaning that participants do n’t know who is getting the real treatment and who is getting a different treatment or a placebo .
A single - blind study is one in which subjects do not know which treatment they are getting .
A double - blind study is one in which the experimenter does not know either – until the study is done and the “ code is broken . ”
When subjects are blinded , placebo effects should be the same .
It is often difficult , however , to fully blind subjects .
Medications may have obvious side effects , and subjects who experience the side effects know they are getting active medication .
Physical interventions , like acupuncture , surgery , massage , or physical therapy , are difficult to impossible to blind .
A person knows if they have been massaged or not .
For these studies creative blinding techniques may need to be used .
Or , “ sham ” procedures can be used for placebos .
Studies may also assess how successful the blinding was – by asking subject if they think they received the placebo or the treatment .
Experimenters also need to be blinded to eliminate placebo and biasing effects .
This is easy for drug trials , but may be impossible for physical intervention trials .
However , a study can be partially double - blinded if there is a blinded evaluator – an experimenter whose only involvement with the study is to assess the subjects , while carefully avoiding any information that would clue them in as to which treatment arm each subject was in .
But the best studies are ones in which everyone involved is completely blinded until the results are completely in .
Outcome measures
Deciding how to determine if an intervention “ works ” is not always trivial .
Outcome measure need to be a good and reliable marker of the disease or syndrome you are following .
For example , in a diabetes study , do you follow HgA1C , random glucose checks , glucose tolerance tests , end - organ damage , need for medication , or some other biological marker ?
In addition to being a good marker for what you are studying , the outcome should be meaningful .
Do we care if a cholesterol lowering drug lowers total cholesterol , or if it prevents heart attacks and strokes ?
And if it prevents heart events , does it prolong survival ( or just reduces angina without affecting survival ) ?
Outcomes also need to be free of confounding .
For example , early stroke trials looked at stroke incidence , which may seem reasonable .
However , if more subjects on a treatment died of heart attacks , they would not be around to have a stroke , so the treatment reduces stroke but only by allowing more heart attacks .
So stroke - free survival is a better outcome to follow .
Outcome measures also vary on how objective or subjective they are .
Just asking patients how they feel is not a very reliable outcome measure .
You can pseudo - quantify this by asking them to put a number on their pain or other symptoms , but it is still a subjective reports .
Measuring the volume of lesions in the brain , however , is an objective outcome measure , and is therefore more reliable .
Many studies will follow several outcomes – some subjective but important , and others objective and quantifiable if an indirect marker rather than a direct outcome we care about .
Statistical analysis
I wo n’t go into statistics in any detail , as that is a highly technical area and any reasonable treatment would be much longer than the rest of this post .
Here even medical professionals rely upon statistical experts to make sure we get it right .
But it is good to understand the basics ( as long as you do n’t rely upon basic knowledge – then it is easy to be fooled by fancy statistical tricks ) .
The most basic concept of clinical trials is statistical significance – is there an effect or correlation that is probably greater than chance .
Most studies rely upon the P - value , which is a measure of the chance the result occurring if the the null hypothesis ( no effect ) is correct .
A P-value of 0.05 means ( roughly ) that 5 % ( or 1 in 20 ) probability that the outcome is due to chance alone , and not a real effect .
P-value of 0.05 is commonly used as a cutoff of statistical significance , but it is important to realize with this cutoff 1 in 20 studies of worthless treatments will appear positive due to chance alone .
Lower P-values , such as 0.01 , are more significant .
But P - value is n’t everything .
A poorly designed study can result in an impressive P-value .
Also , the size of the effect must be considered .
You can have a low P - value for a tiny effect ( if there are large numbers of subjects in the trial ) – the effect may be clinically insignifcant , and small effects are more likely to be due to hidden biases or confounders .
Therefore , we generally are only impressed when a clinically large effect also has a low P - value .
In addition to P - value , the number of subjects in the trial is very important .
Even though these are related , the larger the study the more impressive the results , as random fluctuations are less likely to play a role .
One common trick to look out for is multiple analysis .
A study may , for example , look at 10 variables ( or one variable at 10 different points in time ) , and find statistical significance for one , and present that as a positive study .
However , this is equivalent to taking 10 chances at that 1 in 20 chance of hitting significance .
Proper statistical analysis will account for multiple comparisons .
Other factors to look out for
There are features that are important to consider is evaluating a clinical trial .
What was the dropout rate ?
If half of the subjects dropped out , that unrandomizes or biases the groups , because drop outs are not random .
For example , subjects that do not respond to treatment may drop out , leaving only those who do well .
Not all controls are equal as well .
Sometime the control group is not an inactive placebo but standard care .
What if the standard treatment is too effective , or what if it is not effective at all .
You need to know what the study treatment is being compared to .
Conclusion
When a new clinical trial is being promoted in the news as evidence for or against a treatment – run down this list .
Is it a randomized , controlled , double - blind trial , is the blinding adequate , are the outcome measures objective and relevant , is the effect size robust , how large is the study , what variables are actually being isolated , and what was the drop out rate ?
And of course , no one study is ever the definitive last word on a clinical question .
Each study must be put in the context of the full scientific literature , which means considering plausibility or prior probability .
That is the essence of science - based medicine .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Iranian human rights lawyer Shirin Ebadi says the Nobel Peace Prize medal she won in 2003 has been confiscated .
The medal and accompanying diploma were taken from a bank box in Tehran about three weeks ago on the orders of Iran 's Revolutionary Court , she said .
Ms Ebadi , who has criticised Iran 's recent disputed election and the subsequent treatment of protesters , said her bank account was also frozen .
Iranian authorities have not made any official comment on the issue .
Norway , which presents the award , said it was " shocked " , by the confiscation .
The country 's foreign ministry said it was the first time national authorities had taken such action .
Undeterred Ms Ebadi told the Associated Press that her French Legion d'Honneur award and a ring given by the German association of journalists were taken along with the Nobel prize .
I will return whenever it is useful for my country
Shirin Ebadi
Profile : Shirin Ebadi Speaking in London , she said the Iranian authorities had also demanded taxes on the $ 1.3 m ( £ 800,000 ) she was awarded , but that the prize is exempt under local law .
Ms Ebadi , the first Muslim women to be awarded a Nobel prize , has been away from Iran since travelling to Spain for a conference the day before the 12 June election .
The result of the election , in which President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected , saw thousands of people protesting for several days , with hundreds arrested .
Ms Ebadi said she had " received many threatening messages " since leaving Iran .
" They said they would detain me if I returned , or that they would make the environment unsafe for me wherever I am , " she said , adding that her colleagues still in the country had also been " detained or banned from travelling abroad " .
But Ms Ebadi said she would not let anyone prevent her from carrying out her " legal activities " and would eventually go back to Iran .
" I will return whenever it is useful for my country , " she said .
' Unheard of ' Mohammad Ali Dadkhah , a spokesman for Ms Ebadi 's human rights group , said the prize money had been used " to help prisoners of conscience and their families " .
The election result was followed by days of protest and hundreds of arrests " The account has been blocked by the officials and they do not allow withdrawals , " the AFP news agency quoted the lawyer as saying .
Mr Dadkhah said both the blocking of the account and the confiscation of the award were illegal under Iranian law and that the move was " politicised " .
In Norway , where a committee chooses the annual recipient for the peace prize , Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Stoere said : " Such an act leaves us feeling shock and disbelief . "
The ministry summoned Iran 's charge d'affaires to protest about the confiscation .
The Norwegian ministry said it was also concerned about the alleged beating of Ms Ebadi 's husband in Tehran , with Mr Stoere saying the " persecution of Dr Ebadi and her family shows that freedom of expression is under great pressure in Iran " .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee 's permanent secretary , Geir Lundestad , said the move was " unheard of " and " unacceptable " , Associated Press reported .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The phone , which has the working title Ventus , is in the prototype stage at the moment , but the first model is scheduled for launch in the first half of next year .
Its creators expect it to sell well in developing countries .
By William Murchison - December 29 , 2009
Here 's what we can look for as the federal government implements new rules meant to thwart the likes of Umar Farouk Abdulmuttalib , the would - be pants bomber :
-- Sharp drop - offs in beverage sales as passengers find themselves barred from restrooms during the last 60 minutes of international flights .
-- Airport check - in times longer than airplane flight times .
--
An upsurge in employment for people turned on by the prospect of " patting down " strangers .
-- A decrease in human dignity , across the board .
Here 's what we likely can't look for :
-- Federal acknowledgement that young Arabic or African men deserve more official attention than do the normal riff - raff of air travel -- businessmen , grandmothers , babies , young couples from Wyoming , etc. , etc .
-- Broad political recognition of a broad need for broad ( meaning decisive and certainly non-compassionate ) measures to discourage and punish people who want to kill Americans .
Fascinating to contemplate is the hard truth that the terrorists have beaten us .
Well , not in everything , of course , but certainly in ways significant for modern life .
Everything we can't do at airports these days -- walk to the gate unimpeded , keep our shoes and clothes on at checkpoints , feel joy and fulfillment in the experience of air travel -- is owing to the terrorists .
They have us handcuffed .
We can't quit thinking about them lest they do something to us .
In a weird way , they 've won without winning
Let us contemplate how .
That terrorists are n't nice is just boilerplate -- we 've always known it .
That they want to kill us is the central consideration here .
What do you do when people want to kill you ?
Generally , not enough , so dark and subterranean is the world they inhabit and hide in .
What matters most , nonetheless , is advertising them as enemies .
Here is where the U. S. government -- or better said , the U. S. political process -- sometimes loses out .
The constant theme of too many journalists , bloggers and politicians since the early years of the supposed War on Terror is that Americans may not be a lot nicer than terrorists .
The outcry over abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq telegraphed this viewpoint to us .
The outcry merged with endless blather about " illegal " wiretaps , disregard of constitutional niceties by the Bush administration and , most of all , waterboarding and varied other " outrages " at Guantanamo .
Nothing would do , it seemed , but to close Guantanamo and extend constitutional protections to the enemy operatives held there .
So , just as soon as the Obama administration figures out where to stash the delightful inhabitants of Guantanamo , we 'll shutter the camp .
Meanwhile , the confessed mastermind of the Sept. 11 catastrophe awaits criminal trial in New York City , with all due constitutional protections .
A steady procession of events like this takes its toll in terms of civic morale .
Americans grow suspicious -- of each other .
Maybe it 's all just a mix - up , this terrorism business .
Maybe they do n't really want to kill us -- just wake us up to their concerns ?
Maybe ?
A little bit more indisputable is the harm our ambivalence about means and ends in the terror war is wreaking on national morale .
A nation that consents to take its shoes off at the airport , and to abstain from the urgency of the restroom , without equating sacrifice to necessity -- that nation would seem headed for nervous breakdown .
If , indeed , it has n't already had one .
There is n't much human dignity in meek acceptance of unnecessary hardships , such as submission to manhandling in the process of innocent travel .
Yet on a generally received sense of dignity everything worthwhile depends .
Our leaders seem not to understand the harm they do the American spirit by handcuffing rather than liberating it so as to get a vital job done -- the extinction of ( even if , shhh , we can't say it ) terrorism rooted in the hatreds and phobias of too many Muslims .
First things first : smash the people whose legacy is restroom lockouts and airport shoe inspections .
Then ask them if they care to lodge any human rights complaints .
With the healthcare battle still unfinished , the Obama administration has been laying plans to take up an issue that could prove even more divisive -- a major overhaul of the nation ’s immigration system .
Senior White House aides privately have assured Latino activists that the president will back legislation next year to provide a path to citizenship for the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants living in the United States .
In a recent conference call with proponents , White House Deputy Chief of Staff Jim Messina , political director Patrick Gaspard and others delivered the message that the White House was committed to seeing a substantial immigration bill pass and wanted to make sure allies were prepared for the fight .
In addition to the citizenship provision , the emerging plan will emphasize efforts to secure U.S. borders against those trying to cross illegally .
But that two - track approach was rejected repeatedly in the past by Republicans and other critics who insist that a border crackdown must demonstrate its effectiveness before any action on citizenship is considered .
Advertisement
Whatever proposal Obama puts forward will probably meet equally determined opposition .
Another complication is the calendar : Midterm elections are in November , and polls show that the public is more worried about joblessness and the fragile economy than anything else .
So embracing an immigration bill is a gamble for the White House , which already has a packed agenda for 2010 : economic recovery , global warming legislation and tougher regulation of financial institutions .
No matter what the environment , immigration is a tough sell , said Democratic pollster Geoff Garin .
“ We know from a lot of experience that immigration reform has been and can be a very polarizing issue .
There are heated differences about whether there ought to be some kind of pathway to citizenship for people who entered the country illegally , ” he said .
Advertisement
“ And my sense from the public - opinion research is people care more about vindicating their position than they do about getting the issue solved . ”
Even so , the White House apparently has decided to press ahead .
In an effort to enlist the kind of business support that helped drive its healthcare initiative , for example , administration officials have reached out to the National Restaurant Assn. , which represents an industry that employs thousands of immigrants .
Earlier this year , the new head of the association , Dawn Sweeney , met with Cecilia Muñoz , a White House aide involved in the issue , and expressed interest in cooperating .
“ It ’s an extremely important issue for our members , ” said Sweeney , whose group could exert grass - roots pressure on lawmakers .
Advertisement
As a candidate , Obama vowed to take up immigration during his first year in office .
That deadline will come and go .
Further delay could anger Latino voters , who came out in force for the president and congressional Democrats in 2008 .
No one anticipates that a core element of the Democratic base will defect to the Republican Party in November .
But even a significant drop in turnout -- which often happens in nonpresidential elections -- could frustrate Democratic efforts to preserve their congressional majority .
“ The bulk of the people needing immigration reform are Latino , ” said Rep. Raul M. Grijalva ( D - Ariz . ) .
“ There ’s a level of disenchantment about where we ’re going .
. . .
And if you do n’t give the Latino community a reason to participate [ in the elections ] , you weaken your base even more . ”
For an immigration bill to have a realistic shot of passing next year , political analysts said , the particulars would have to be agreed upon by the spring .
A delay would increase the likelihood of the issue getting derailed by the November elections .
Advertisement
Henry G. Cisneros , a Cabinet secretary in the Clinton administration who took part in the recent immigration conference call with the Obama White House , said : “ It gets much more difficult as the year goes along .
So everyone has to be very sober about the prospects .
But the president and congressional leadership understand it ’s important to start the ball rolling . ”
An immigration bill was introduced in the House earlier in the month , and Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , who chairs a subcommittee on immigration , is heading the effort to cobble together a bipartisan coalition in the Senate .
But Democrats may not have a lock on one prominent Republican who has worked in the past to revamp the immigration system : Arizona Sen. John McCain .
McCain backed President George W. Bush ’s failed attempt to overhaul immigration in his second term .
But he has not committed to supporting the Obama bill , saying he worried the president would not endorse a temporary guest - worker program .
Advertisement
Organized labor , an important part of the Democratic base , has voiced opposition to a guest - worker program under which more immigrants could enter the country on a temporary basis .
Critics argue that there is no effective system for ensuring that such workers will leave the country when their permits expire .
“ From everything that we hear right now , the temporary guest - worker program wo n’t be addressed in immigration reform .
And unless that is an essential part of the reform program , it ’s something that Sen.
McCain can’t work on , ” said Brooke Buchanan , a spokeswoman for the Arizona lawmaker .
The White House would not reveal its position on the guest - worker issue .
Should an immigration bill gain traction , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel would probably be a central player in the negotiations .
Advertisement
As an aide to President Clinton , Emanuel co-wrote a memo on the political dynamics of immigration .
He and Ron Klain , now the top aide to Vice President Joe Biden , wrote in 1994 : “ We must be seen as taking proper , forceful steps to seriously address the immigration problem without alienating the Hispanic and civil rights constituencies .
“ Our goal is not to outdo the Republicans , rather to use our achievements and proposals to prevent them from using this as a wedge issue against us . ”
The former head of the Immigration and Naturalization Service , Doris Meissner , recalled that Emanuel once phoned and berated her over a news story about lax border enforcement in Arizona .
“ This kind of press is killing us , ” Meissner quoted Emanuel as saying .
During the call , he instructed her to send border agents to the area immediately .
“ He had no authority whatsoever to give me orders , ” Meissner said .
Advertisement
But Emanuel was constantly pressing his colleagues in the Clinton White House to push what he termed a “ balanced ” immigration policy -- including enforcement and stepped - up grants of citizenship .
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
tom.hamburger@latimes.com
This image of the meteorite , seen through a scanning electron microscope , shows bumps that resemble a fossilized colony of microbacteria .
Some of the rounded bumps are preserved at the top of the surface and resemble individual spherical and ovoid - shaped microbes .
Image credit : NASA .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In 1996 , when scientists examined a meteorite from Mars previously uncovered in Antarctica , they were intrigued by what looked like microscopic fossils of ancient Martian life forms .
Now , using new technology that was n't available 13 years ago , NASA scientists have found further evidence that the materials and structures in the meteorite are likely signs of ancient life , rather than the results of inorganic processes .
ALH84001 History
Scientists estimate that the meteorite , called Allan Hills 84001 ( ALH84001 ) , formed on Mars about 4.5 billion years ago , making it one of the oldest known objects in the solar system .
Because the meteorite contains microscopic carbonate disks that are about 4 billion years old , scientists have previously hypothesized that the meteorite interacted with water that may have existed on Mars at this time .
Much later , about 15 million years ago , a larger meteorite likely struck Mars and ejected ALH84001 into space .
After spending most of that time traveling throughout the solar system , the meteorite landed on Earth about 13,000 years ago .
Then , in 1984 , a team of US scientists discovered it in Antarctica .
The meteorite finally made news headlines in 1996 , when NASA scientist David McKay and others peered at the rock under a scanning electron microscope and saw what appeared to be nanoscale fossils of bacteria - like life forms .
Bacterial or Thermal Origin ?
Now , McKay , along with Kathie Thomas - Keprta , Everett Gibson , Simon Clemett , and Susan Wentworth , all of NASA 's Johnson Space Center , have revisited the original hypothesis with new observations of the meteorite .
The study is published in a recent issue of the journal Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta .
In the new study , the scientists used advanced microscopy techniques to investigate the carbonate disks and , more importantly , the magnetite nanocrystals within the disks .
These embedded magnetites are the apparent fossils that exhibit features similar to contemporary magnetotactic bacteria .
During the past 13 years , different groups of scientists have proposed competing hypotheses to explain the origins of these magnetites .
Some of the leading hypotheses are non-biological , suggesting that the magnetites were formed via thermal decomposition of the carbonates in which ALH84001 was struck by other meteorites .
Such impacts may have increased the temperature of ALH84001 and caused the carbonates to decompose into magnetites via bond redistribution .
In some models , ALH84001 may have experienced this shock by a random meteorite impact while still on Mars , while in other models , thermal decomposition may have occurred due to the impact event that ejected ALH84001 from its home planet .
But whatever event might have triggered a thermal decomposition process , the scientists argue in the current study that very few - if any - of the magnetites embedded in ALH84001 carbonates are a product of thermal decomposition .
By analyzing details such as the percentage of magnetite volume in the carbonate disks , the trace amounts of impurities observed in some of the magnetites , and the lack of siderite which some previous models suggested may have decomposed to form magnetite , the scientists concluded that these new observations were inconsistent with the previous inorganic - based thermal decomposition hypotheses .
By showing that it ’s very unlikely that the magnetite originated from the decomposition of ALH84001 ’s carbonate , the scientists argue that possible biological origins of the magnetite need to be considered more seriously than before .
“ For the past 10 years , the leading ( and only ) viable non-biologic hypothesis for the origin of the nanophase magnetites concentrated in ALH84001 has been thermal or shock decomposition of iron - bearing carbonates , a process known to produce small magnetite crystals , ” Thomas - Keprta told PhysOrg.com .
“ Our paper has falsified this non-biologic hypothesis by showing , based on thermodynamics and minor element chemistry , that this non-biologic hypothesis simply cannot produce the ultrapure magnetites actually present in ALH84001 as a significant population of all magnetites .
By falsifying this non-biologic hypothesis , we are left with only the biologic hypothesis to explain the detailed properties of the magnetites in this martian meteorite . ”
Magnetite Biosignature
Although they have not yet developed a model for the origin of the magnetite in ALH84001 , the researchers ’ new observations are consistent with the possibility that the magnetite has an “ allochthonous origin , ” in which it was exposed to aqueous solutions such as water .
As Thomas - Keprta explained , the magnetite in ALH84001 could have been one of several ferromagnetic minerals produced by magnetotactic bacteria that live in aquatic environments .
When these bacteria die and their shells degrade , a chain of magnetite is released into the environment .
Without its confining shell , the magnetite chain configuration cannot be maintained , so individual magnetite crystals begin to mix with inorganic particles in the water .
On Earth , magnetotactic bacteria are quite common in aqueous environments , and scientists often find magnetites in surface and subsurface sediments .
“ For many years , the presence of the specific kind of nanomagnetite formed by magnetotactic bacteria on Earth have been completely accepted as a biosignature when found in any Earth sediment or rock , ” Thomas - Keprta said , noting that these magnetite have very specific properties .
“ When we first documented these specific properties in the ALH84001 carbonates , the only alternate non-biologic hypothesis that was commonly accepted as viable was the thermal decomposition of iron - bearing carbonate , ” she said .
“ Now that we have completely falsified this hypothesis with this latest paper , we are still left with the specific properties of the ALH84001 magnetite that , if found on Earth , would be a robust biosignature indicating production by bacteria .
“ We also point to the many discoveries since our original paper showing supporting evidence such as an early strong magnetic field on Mars ( necessary for the development of magnetotactic bacteria ) ; the presence of near surface water at many locations on current - day Mars ; the presence of possible oceans , major drainage channels , and other features associated with an early wet Mars ; and the recent evidence for variable releases of methane into the Martian atmosphere .
. . .
We do not believe it is too incautious to restate our original hypothesis that such magnetites constitute strong evidence of early life on Mars . ”
Explore further Relic of life in that Martian meteorite ?
A fresh look
More information : K.L. Thomas - Keprta , S.J. Clemett , D.S. McKay , E.K. Gibson , and S.J. Wentworth .
“ Origins of magnetite nanocrystals in Martian meteorite ALH84001 . ” Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta , 73 ( 2009 ) 6631-6677 .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
After John and Susan Maloney and their two young children died in a crash on Highway 37 , news crews flocked to their street in Sonoma .
A memorial of flowers sprung up on their doorstep , and pictures of their three - bedroom home were featured on TV .
Among those who followed the story , authorities believe , were a Redwood City man with a history of grand theft and his girlfriend .
Smelling opportunity , the couple drove 70 miles to Sonoma , broke into the dead family 's empty house , ransacked it of jewelry , electronics and financial records and drove off in the Maloneys ' 2006 Nissan 350Z , police said Wednesday .
Michael Vincent Gutierrez , 26 , and his girlfriend , Amber Marie True , 29 , were arrested Tuesday , just hours after a neighbor discovered the garage door to the Maloneys ' home wide open .
Inside , the house was a mess .
" Drawers had been opened and turned over .
Bookcases had been turned over , things had been pulled off walls , " Sonoma Police Chief Bret Sackett said .
" Doors had been kicked in . "
The burglars even rifled through rooms belonging to the Maloneys ' children , Aiden , 8 , and 5 - year - old Gracie , who died with their parents when a speeding teenager ran a red light and broadsided their minivan Saturday night .
Nightmare made worse
For friends and relatives , still stunned that the Maloneys had been wiped out in an instant , it was almost too much to bear .
" A horrific tragedy has befallen our family , and our nightmare was made worse by a burglary of a home where so many wonderful memories reside , " Derrick Van Grol , a cousin of John Maloney , said Wednesday .
Van Grol called whoever ransacked the home " insects . "
Sackett said Gutierrez and True had no connection to the Maloneys or to Sonoma County .
He said the home had been " seriously ransacked . "
In his 20 - plus years in law enforcement , Sackett said , he assumed he had seen everything .
" But this certainly was a new low for me and , I think , for everybody else investigating this case , " he said .
Routine stop
San Mateo police arrested
True after pulling her over for a routine traffic stop on South Delaware Street at Concar Drive about 4 p.m. Tuesday .
An officer found she had a suspended license , and when police searched her and her car , they discovered a credit card belonging to Susan Maloney , 42 , said police Capt .
Kevin Raffaelli .
Further checking revealed that jewelry and a Blu-ray DVD player in True 's car also belonged to Susan and John Maloney , 45 , Sackett said .
Shortly after True was arrested , San Mateo County sheriff 's deputies drove to a home she shares with her uncle on rural Marine Road off Skyline Boulevard just south of Highway 92 .
No one was there , but when deputies returned at 9 p.m. , they found the Maloneys ' stolen Nissan outside , said acting sheriff 's Lt. Wes Matsuura .
Investigators stopped Gutierrez when he left the home at about 9:40 p.m. in the car , Matsuura said .
Police believe that most , if not all , of the items taken from the Maloneys ' home have been recovered , Sackett said .
True and Gutierrez were each arrested on suspicion of burglary and vehicle theft .
They are being held at Sonoma County Jail in lieu of $ 500,000 bail and are expected to appear in court today .
' Disappointed in her '
The Marine Road home is surrounded by redwoods .
Visitors are greeted by two carved wooden bears and a sign reading , " Welcome to Camp ' Grin and Bear It . ' "
True 's relatives declined to comment , but a woman at the property who did n't want to give her name said , " Everybody 's disappointed in her . "
She said she did n't know Gutierrez .
Gutierrez has two previous convictions , each for grand theft and evading police in San Mateo County , and has been in and out of state prison since 2003 , records show .
He was most recently released from prison Aug. 27 .
In October , he was arrested again and charged with being a felon in possession of a firearm , possession of stolen property and possession of methamphetamine , records show .
True has a case pending in San Mateo County for alleged possession of drugs .
Teen drinking in bar ?
The Maloneys were killed when they were hit by a Mini Cooper driven by 19 - year - old Steven Culbertson of Lakeport ( Lake County ) , who died a day later .
The California Highway Patrol said Culbertson , who was driving south on Lakeville Highway , caused the accident when he ran a red light at 70 to 90 mph .
His car broadsided the Maloneys , who were heading east on Highway 37 in their Nissan Quest minivan after flying back earlier in the day from a Hawaiian vacation .
Michael Loffredo , 53 , of Petaluma said Wednesday that he believes he saw Culbertson drinking alcohol at Traxx , a Petaluma bar and restaurant , in the hours before the 9:21 p.m. crash .
Loffredo said he had also noticed a Mini Cooper in the parking lot with a Lakeport license frame .
Loffredo said he was driving on Lakeville Highway shortly after 9 p.m. when a Mini Cooper going at least 70 mph passed him " like a kamikaze pilot . "
After seeing a picture of Culbertson on the news , Loffredo said , he was convinced it was the same man he had seen at Traxx .
Traxx owner Chris Cheney said Wednesday , " As far as I know , he was not here .
My staff has done their job very diligently as far as carding people , checking IDs .
Whether that person was here or not , I do n't know . "
Culbertson had his license suspended for a year for drunken driving in 2007 , just weeks after he was involved in a crash in Lake County , records show .
The CHP said it was trying to determine whether drugs or alcohol played a role in Saturday 's crash .
An Indian villager burrowed for 14 years with a hammer and chisel to cut a tunnel through a mountain so that his neighbours could reach nearby fields and he could park his truck outside his home .
Ramchandra Das , 53 , who lives in eastern Bihar state , carved a 10 m - long , 4 m - wide tunnel through the hill range from his village of Kewati .
Das took up the Herculean task after villagers found the 7 km trek over the mountain increasingly arduous .
When the authorities refused to help to cut the journey time , Das began carving his way through the earth in the direction of the nearest big town , Atri .
The job became more pressing when Das became the first man to own a truck in the village and was unable to drive it to his home .
" I could not park my truck near my house since the mountain blocked my path , " he told Reuters .
Das said he was also afraid of bandits stealing his truck .
" I had to leave my truck miles away , so I decided to do something about it myself , " Das said by telephone .
Local villagers , who previously had to trek around the mountain , are now using the tunnel to get to work .
Das was inspired by another Bihari villager , Dasharath Manjhi , who cut a 120 m - long , 10 m - wide and 8 m - high passage so that villagers could reach a local hospital .
Manjhi's labour , which lasted 22 years , began after his wife died when she was unable to get to the hospital .
He was feted by the Delhi government for his work and died two years ago .
The latest from Michael Steele the cow on the tracks :
Transcript , via ThinkProgress :
Q : Global warming , you say the earth is cooling .
Michael how do you know for sure ?
STEELE : I do n’t !
I do n’t !
But apparently neither does anybody else !
Ok ?
I do n’t .
All i know is every morning I come on , I turn on channel 13 and I ’ll see what the weather man tells me okay ?
In Esperanto the word is " malica . "
It means malicious and it's the best way of describing many of the search results Google visitors got Tuesday when the clicked on Google 's front - page Doodle sketch , dedicated to Esperanto 's creator .
It 's the latest example of just how good scammers have become at manipulating Google search results .
For months now , they 've followed Google 's Trending Topics section and then used search engine optimization techniques to push hacked Web pages up to the top of Google 's search results , security experts say .
They do this by flooding hacked pages with keywords that are then recorded by Google 's search engine .
Hackers have several ways of getting their code on legitimate Web sites -- lately they 've focused on stealing FTP login credentials , according to Dave Michmerhuizen , a research scientist with Barracuda Labs .
The hacked sites that pop up when one clicks on Tuesday 's Google Doodle include a hair salon in New Jersey , an Texas tree company , and a science fiction group .
On Tuesday , clicking on the illustration on Google 's front page commemorating the 150th anniversary of the birth of Esperanto 's creator L. L. Zamenhof , generated an awful lot of malicious search results -- taking visitors to dodgy advertisements or pages that tried to trick visitors into thinking their computers were infected and paying for fake antivirus software .
These results remained steadily in the top 5 to 10 search results for people who clicked on the Google doodle link today , and often filled up about half of the first few pages of results , Michmerhuizen said .
" I see this all the time , " he said .
" Poisoning a trend is nothing new , but in this particular case , it 's a search where you actually click on Google 's logo and you get results back from sites where half of the links have been compromised . "
A Google spokesman said that this type of problem affects other search engines as well .
Google is aware of Tuesday 's Doodle problem and has " already removed many of these sites from our index , " he added .
" To do this , we have manual and automated processes in place to enforce our policies , " he said .
" We 're always exploring new ways to identify and eliminate malicious sites from our index . "
Date : November 04 , 2009 09:44PMThey are special .
She 'll take someone 's eyes out if she 's not careful .
At first glance , I thought this is a NASA image of some sort , maybe a solar flare .
I even wondered if I could get a high - res version to turn into a poster .
Then I found out what it actually is .
Advertisement
The knowledge that I was looking at a thermal image of a gentleman passing gas instantly killed the art print idea for me .
What 's worse is that I feel like I just exposed you to the world 's worst fart joke by even sharing this picture .
Please forgive me .
[ Geekologie ]
The Guardian published an explosive article today .
If true , it means that governments have been intentionally overstating the amount of oil that we have and could pump out of the ground .
The implications are enormous .
This confirms the evidence that I saw at ASPO that had been painstakingly developed by independent researchers .
So we might want to incorporate this news into our personal and financial frameworks .
First , a snippet :
Key oil figures were distorted by US pressure , says whistleblower
The world is much closer to running out of oil than official estimates admit , according to a whistleblower at the International Energy Agency who claims it has been deliberately underplaying a looming shortage for fear of triggering panic buying .
The senior official claims the US has played an influential role in encouraging the watchdog to underplay the rate of decline from existing oil fields while overplaying the chances of finding new reserves .
The allegations raise serious questions about the accuracy of the organisation ’s latest World Energy Outlook on oil demand and supply to be published tomorrow – which is used by the British and many other governments to help guide their wider energy and climate change policies .
In particular they question the prediction in the last World Economic Outlook , believed to be repeated again this year , that oil production can be raised from its current level of 83 m barrels a day to 105 m barrels .
External critics have frequently argued that this cannot be substantiated by firm evidence and say the world has already passed its peak in oil production .
Now the “ peak oil ” theory is gaining support at the heart of the global energy establishment .
“ The IEA in 2005 was predicting oil supplies could rise as high as 120 m barrels a day by 2030 although it was forced to reduce this gradually to 116 m and then 105 m last year , ” said the IEA source , who was unwilling to be identified for fear of reprisals inside the industry .
“ The 120 m figure always was nonsense but even today ’s number is much higher than can be justified and the IEA knows this .
“ Many inside the organisation believe that maintaining oil supplies at even 90 m to 95 m barrels a day would be impossible but there are fears that panic could spread on the financial markets if the figures were brought down further .
And the Americans fear the end of oil supremacy because it would threaten their power over access to oil resources , ” he added .
A second senior IEA source , who has now left but was also unwilling to give his name , said a key rule at the organisation was that it was “ imperative not to anger the Americans ” but the fact was that there was not as much oil in the world as had been admitted .
“ We have [ already ] entered the ‘ peak oil ’ zone .
I think that the situation is really bad , ” he added .
If this is true , and if it needs to be confirmed , it means that all models of stocks and bonds that rely on long - term cash flow models are wrong .
It means that our primary assumption of petroleum fueled growth is wrong .
It means that we are several decades late in responding .
It means that we do not have time to slowly modify our fleet to carbon - fiber electric cars or any other fantasy technology .
It means that we ’ve squandered ( and continue to squander ) our most valuable resource of them all – time .
I ’ll be honest , I would feel completely differently if there was even a glimmer that anybody in DC had the slightest inkling of the seriousness of the situation , but they display no public awareness .
To give one example of what I would be looking for , if we were on a crash program to convert cars to natural gas , mandating smaller and lighter vehicles going forward , and building the NG distribution pipelines and refueling stations necessary to make it all work , I ’d have some reason to hope that we could manage the outcome somewhat favorably .
Instead , we have Cash4 Clunkers as our most significant energy policy of the new millennium .
The gap between reality and policy dwarfs the Grand Canyon .
Given the complete lack of official leadership , and the presence of willful obfuscation of the public on the matter , I come to the conclusion that those who are working to secure the future of their own households and communities are the visionaries of our times .
The definition of a hero is someone who does something at risk to themselves because it needs to be done .
They see something that needs their efforts and they give it .
It is not easy to do something completely different from everybody else , and there ’s a distinct social risk involved when that requires telling people a difficult truth .
Yet most people in most communities get their news and information from sources that are steadily being revealed to be more than unreliable , but actually misdirective .
One of the most common things I hear from people is that most people in their community have no idea what is coming or what the main issues really are .
Most would have no idea what is implied by the possibility that governments have been systematically overstating oil reserves and future flows .
But you do .
I implore you to keep on attempting to educate your friends , neighbors , and community .
I honor you for taking on the heroic efforts that requires .
Because if what the Guardian reported is true , it means that the future will change profoundly , radically , and probably quite suddenly when the implications are more widely appreciated .
Close to 17,000 Muslims came to Metro Toronto's Convention Centre on Friday – Christmas Day – to learn about their religion and being a Muslim in a modern world .
They heard from Islamic scholars , prayed , visited with family and friends and shopped in a bazaar that offered up a variety of wares , including hand - embroidered shawls , books , T - shirts , hijabs for both women and children , jewellery and hijab pins .
It was all part of a three - day convention " Reviving the Islamic Spirit , " an annual conference with its roots in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attack .
It is designed , organizers say , as a way to help young Muslims understand their faith in a North American context .
As the conference opened , men and women , young and old , parents with young babies in strollers and teens flooded one of the conference halls to hear Imam Johari Abdul Malik , one of the 20 scheduled speakers and Muslim scholars .
" It is my hope that by attending this conference you will leave better than you come , " Imam Johari Abdul Malik told the crowd .
" You and I must struggle to understand the Qur'an in our context .
Islam can only be practised in the world we live in .
" Maybe it 's time to save the ship to say that I am going to take an oath to be non-violent , " he said , speaking of the widespread violence in the world by Muslims against other Muslims .
" And that I refuse as a Muslim to kill another Muslim and also as a Muslim to defend the rights of others . "
He added that he thought Islam should not be practised as it was 10 centuries ago .
At the bazaar , about 150 stalls were open .
A prayer area was sectioned off behind the stalls .
The message conference organizers wanted participants to take home was that they must find a way to practise their religion in a broader , secular , democratic society .
It is about " living the ideas of being a Muslim and being true to your faith but as part of a broader society , " said Nadir Shirazi , one of the organizers of the conference and the CEO of a diversity training company .
" We are , after all , part of a broader community of Canadians . "
Conference organizers also want to inspire Muslims to spread a peaceful face of Islam to the world , said Shirazi .
Toward that aim , they have brought in a diverse group of speakers and scholars , including Yusuf Islam – known to many who grew up in the 1960s as musician Cat Stevens – and the comedy troupe Allah Made Me Funny .
For Janan Arafa , a 17 - year - old high school student from Ottawa , the prospect of learning more about her religion brought her back to the convention for a second year .
" Your faith increases by one thousand notches – no , one million notches , " she said .
" You learn so much and you meet so many people .
Islam means finding peace within yourself .
We , with this conference , learn how to spread the word about what our religion is really about . "
I want to start this off by saying :
Thank you all for your support over the years .
It 's been an absolutely amazing experience for all of us here at GearDev to watch our fan base grow as it did , and it warms our hearts to see people still commenting on our ModDB all these years later .
City 17 has always been about giving what we can to the community ; and while I 'm sorry to say that we were not able to deliver our game on time , I can now happily say that we wo n't go quietly either .
As of today City 17 is now completely open source and the entire mod folder is now available for download on ModDB .
I am afraid that the years have not been kind to the mod and Steampipe has effectively broken this build .
That being said , the content of the mod and it 's source code is free for anyone to use or modify in their personal or SourceMod projects .
Who knows ; someone may even build the source and get it running once more .
You may download the source code here at this link .
This link also goes over in great detail how City 17 was born , what we intended for it , and why we could no longer dedicate time to finishing this mod .
There 's also a great look at some never before seen content -- check it out .
Once again thank you all for the years of support .
It 's been a wild ride .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - At El Leoncita Cuban & Mexican Restaurant near the Kennedy Space Center on Florida ’s “ space ” coast , a bar sign says it all :
Space shuttle Atlantis lifts off from launch pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida November 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Scott Audette
“ No happy hour on launch days . ”
Business from tourists is so strong that when a U.S. space shuttle blasts off a drinks promotion is never needed .
Throngs waiting for their margaritas snake out into the Titusville eatery ’s parking lot , according to owner Miguel Sanchez .
“ It ’s the busiest day of the year -- crowded , crowded , ” Sanchez said .
But like other local business operators , as well as policymakers , Sanchez worries sales will drop and jobs will be lost as Florida ’s signature , half - century - old space economy risks being eclipsed by the end of the space shuttle program .
The federal government ’s space shuttle program , which is so much part of state lore that Floridians voted to depict the winged space vehicle on a 2004 commemorative quarter coin , now has just a few missions left before winding down in 2010 after 29 years of flights .
And there is no clear replacement for what is an important driver of the fourth most - populous U.S. state ’s economy , as the Obama administration is debating a new U.S. manned - space program that would at best be many years away from new launches .
Florida ’s economy has been especially hard hit by recession .
U.S. state and local governments are sapped by budget deficits , while fledgling private - sector efforts to carry Americans into space for fat fees appear to be nowhere near getting traction .
“ The private space programs are not taking off , ” said Dr Hank Fishkind , an economist at Fishkind & Associates in Orlando .
“ And ( the state ’s ) space agency does not have the votes nor money to be supportive . ”
But on Monday , in California , billionaire Richard Branson unveiled a small passenger spaceship aimed at creating a commercial space tourism industry .
Virgin Galactic , an offshoot of Virgin Atlantic Airways , hopes the craft will carry tourists into zero gravity beginning in two or three years .
BRAIN DRAIN
The average annual salary at Kennedy Space Center , the shuttle ’s ocean - side launch site that draws crowds the size of rock concerts for blastoffs , is $ 77,235 , or double that of the typical worker in surrounding Brevard County .
When the shuttle program ends , analysts said , as many as 8,000 contractors and other space workers could be let go .
“ Nobody wants to lose that many high - paying local jobs , ” Fishkind said .
“ It has terrible effects on that local economy ; it will affect the space program .
Those skills go away . ”
Another Titusville restaurant owner , Laurilee Thompson , said economic fallout from the shuttle ’s end could be as severe as 1975 , when local unemployment shot up to Depression - era levels after the end of the Apollo moon launches .
“ When the shuttle program ends , it ’s going to take a big chunk out of our gross every year . ” said Thompson , whose Dixie Crossroads Seafood Restaurant is renowned for serving sweet , but hard - to - peel , rock shrimp .
The Dixie ’s sales typically double or triple on shuttle launch days , she said , adding that downsizing the shuttle ’s large workforce will be as severe a blow to her business as the dwindling of launch - day tourists .
“ The shuttle is kind of like rock shrimp .
It ’s really labor intensive , ” she said .
“ The shuttle takes a tremendous workforce to keep it operational .
...
Even when the next generation spacecraft gets here , it ’s only going to take about a third of the workforce to maintain it that the shuttle does . ”
APPLES AND ORANGES
The rest of Florida , whose large economy and 18.3 million people are strikingly reliant on tourism and housing , also gets a meaningful lift from America ’s space programs that put the first people on the moon four decades ago .
During the 2008 fiscal year , NASA activities generated $ 4.1 billion in overall economic benefits for the state , including $ 2.1 billion in household income , and 40,802 jobs , according to a state study .
NASA last year spent $ 1.8 billion in Brevard , where 93 percent of the space center ’s 15,000 workers live .
The space shuttle also drove much of the county ’s fast population growth over the last three decades .
Wall Street credit- rating agencies worry about the fallout on Brevard from the space shuttle ’s end .
Fitch Ratings warned it may downgrade some county revenue bonds partly because of the impending layoffs at the space center .
Government officials acknowledge the state ’s space economy will never be the same , even if the federal government goes ahead with a proposed new manned space program that the head of a presidential panel has said was fatally flawed .
“ There is no escaping the transition that will occur when we go from a very labor intensive , reusable space flight system to one that is expendable , ” Frank DiBello , head of Space Florida , a state agency .
“ Simply by its nature , it is going to take a smaller workforce . ”
DiBello said in an interview that the state government wanted to diversify beyond space launches into other areas of aerospace , as well as energy , agriculture and biotechnology .
“ Florida has now a nice foothold in those areas , but we want to accelerate growth , ” DiBello said .
“ What we need to do is diversify the number or areas we can apply that workforce to a broader array of applications . ”
“ Essentially , we ’re going to replace a watermelon - size volume of activity with a lot of apples and oranges ... , ” he said .
“ We ’re concentrating on a very aggressive business development program to create 300 , 400 , 200 jobs at a time . ”
Yet , on the space coast , economic anxiety is displayed on checkout counters , where customers are encouraged to pick up and sign pre-typed letters to President Obama that implore him to make good on campaign promises to back the space program .
The letter - writing campaign and a website , www.savespace.us, are part of a movement by local residents to make space programs a U.S. budget priority .
By Jimmy Hascup
Just because the biggest of the free agents ( Jason Bay , Matt Holliday , John Lackey ) have n’t been hauled in yet , does n’t mean there has n’t been any noise in the free agent and trade market .
Here are some of the moves that have n’t yet been discussed on RP , but nonetheless will still affect fantasy leagues :
Mariners sign Chone Figgins : Probably one of the biggest names that was n’t mentioned above , Figgins signed a less - than - expected four year pact , worth $ 9 million a year with Seattle .
Besides forming one of the better one - two punches in the game with Ichiro , Figgins is a consistent hitter who should be able to provide similar worth as with the Angels , despite playing in a less formidable lineup this season .
After batting .298 this year courtesy of a .359 BABIP , many would expect Figgins ’ average to plummet this season .
Though , if you look at his career .345 BABIP , it really is n’t too far off track .
Nevertheless , Figgins should bat in the .280 - plus range and steal around 40 bases this year .
The huge uptick in walks ( from 62 to 101 ) this season coupled with a continued decrease in strikeouts makes Figgins a continued safe play as a third basemen .
He wo n’t provide the flashy numbers or SportsCenter highlights , but is a consistent source of speed that ’s rarely found in a third basemen .
There is talk that Figgins could even play second base , so added versatility will make him even more valuable .
The vacancy at third for the Angels leaves Brandon Wood the prime candidate to take over .
The biggest question for him remains : is the power numbers of Triple - A ( 160 minor league HR ) ever going to translate to major league success ?
Probably one of the biggest names that was n’t mentioned above , Figgins signed a less - than - expected four year pact , worth $ 9 million a year with Seattle .
Besides forming one of the better one - two punches in the game with Ichiro , Figgins is a consistent hitter who should be able to provide similar worth as with the Angels , despite playing in a less formidable lineup this season .
After batting .298 this year courtesy of a .359 BABIP , many would expect Figgins ’ average to plummet this season .
Though , if you look at his career .345 BABIP , it really is n’t too far off track .
Nevertheless , Figgins should bat in the .280 - plus range and steal around 40 bases this year .
The huge uptick in walks ( from 62 to 101 ) this season coupled with a continued decrease in strikeouts makes Figgins a continued safe play as a third basemen .
He wo n’t provide the flashy numbers or SportsCenter highlights , but is a consistent source of speed that ’s rarely found in a third basemen .
There is talk that Figgins could even play second base , so added versatility will make him even more valuable .
The vacancy at third for the Angels leaves Brandon Wood the prime candidate to take over .
The biggest question for him remains : is the power numbers of Triple - A ( 160 minor league HR ) ever going to translate to major league success ?
Red Sox trade Mike Lowell to Rangers for Max Ramirez :
There is certainly a lot to be said about this trade , despite Lowell being 35 - years - old .
First of all , for the Red Sox : the new opening at third base now has now linked them to possibly signing Adrian Beltre .
Victor Martinez is slated to start a full - slate of games at catcher ; Jason Varitek is the back - up ; David Ortiz should continue to DH ; and Kevin Youkilis will continue to play first base .
Max Ramirez is said to have an above average catchers bat , with a .300 average in the minors and 19 HR in the minors during 2008 .
The Rangers are said to be slotting Lowell in at first base , while also letting him DH because of the durability ( hip / thumb ) issues that has plagued his career lately .
Despite these concerns , Lowell still goes from one good hitters park , to another even better one .
And he still hits at an adequate level .
If the guy can stay healthy for more than 120 games , I could easily see another 20 HR , 90 RBI campaign , though the health risk makes him a huge if .
The biggest question resulting from this trade is Rangers ’ faith in Chris Davis .
While I ’m sure he ’ll DH and play some first base , what happens when the seat has been warmed enough for Justin Smoak ( who had a rough time in Triple - A at last year ) and he arrives in the big leagues ?
Smoak would play everyday , pushing a Lowell / Davis platoon .
It ’ll be something to monitor during this spring training and this season , but Smoak will need to show the Rangers ’ brass something before any of this would happen .
There is certainly a lot to be said about this trade , despite Lowell being 35 - years - old .
First of all , for the Red Sox : the new opening at third base now has now linked them to possibly signing Adrian Beltre .
Victor Martinez is slated to start a full - slate of games at catcher ; Jason Varitek is the back - up ; David Ortiz should continue to DH ; and Kevin Youkilis will continue to play first base .
Max Ramirez is said to have an above average catchers bat , with a .300 average in the minors and 19 HR in the minors during 2008 .
The Rangers are said to be slotting Lowell in at first base , while also letting him DH because of the durability ( hip / thumb ) issues that has plagued his career lately .
Despite these concerns , Lowell still goes from one good hitters park , to another even better one .
And he still hits at an adequate level .
If the guy can stay healthy for more than 120 games , I could easily see another 20 HR , 90 RBI campaign , though the health risk makes him a huge if .
The biggest question resulting from this trade is Rangers ’ faith in Chris Davis .
While I ’m sure he ’ll DH and play some first base , what happens when the seat has been warmed enough for Justin Smoak ( who had a rough time in Triple - A at last year ) and he arrives in the big leagues ?
Smoak would play everyday , pushing a Lowell / Davis platoon .
It ’ll be something to monitor during this spring training and this season , but Smoak will need to show the Rangers ’ brass something before any of this would happen .
Braves trade Rafael Soriano to Rays for Jesse Chavez : After accepting arbitration from the Braves , it was fairly obvious – with their recent bullpen signings – that Atlanta would seek trade partners for Soriano .
The Rays are a perfect fit since they went through a whole myriad of closers , from Randy Choate to Dan Wheeler to J.P.
Howell , last season .
Soriano has gone through his fair share of injuries , but when healthy – as he showed last season , he ’s one of the better relievers in baseball .
He struckout 102 batters in 75.2 innings pitched , with an ERA under three with 27 saves .
He ’s the best bet to be the closer next season , as prime rival , Howell , has the stuff more aptly suited for a set - up role .
Soriano could easily be a top - 15 closer next season .
Jesse Chavez , who has been traded twice this offseason , had a 4.01 ERA last season with the Pirates and should serve as one of the later innings men for the Braves .
After accepting arbitration from the Braves , it was fairly obvious – with their recent bullpen signings – that Atlanta would seek trade partners for Soriano .
The Rays are a perfect fit since they went through a whole myriad of closers , from Randy Choate to Dan Wheeler to J.P.
Howell , last season .
Soriano has gone through his fair share of injuries , but when healthy – as he showed last season , he ’s one of the better relievers in baseball .
He struckout 102 batters in 75.2 innings pitched , with an ERA under three with 27 saves .
He ’s the best bet to be the closer next season , as prime rival , Howell , has the stuff more aptly suited for a set - up role .
Soriano could easily be a top - 15 closer next season .
Jesse Chavez , who has been traded twice this offseason , had a 4.01 ERA last season with the Pirates and should serve as one of the later innings men for the Braves .
White Sox sign J.J. Putz :
What may seem rather inconsequential now , may prove to be extremely noteworthy later on , especially for fantasy leaguers .
Sure , Putz had an injury - shortened season with the Mets , but after undergoing surgery to remove bone chips in his elbow , the White Sox decided it was a good gamble to take – and at $ 3 million , I ca n’t blame them .
Putz should serve as a set - up man for Bobby Jenks this year , but if he proves he ’s all the way back , he will pose a real threat for the closers role .
It ’s a situation to monitor , but we ’ll have to see how he does against some hitters before we nominate him the darkhorse for some saves .
Still , Jenks ’ season ERA finished at 3.71 and he was far from dominant as a closer , so he should be on a short leash early in the year .
What are your thoughts on these signings and trades ?
Are you targeting any of these guys in drafts next year ?
Who will you be avoiding ?
Previous Fantasy Impacts of Recent Transactions :
At the Heavenly Models home for deceased economists , an award is being presented to the resident whose work best explains financial crises , global warming , and other pressing issues of today .
The favored candidates include John Maynard Keynes , the patron saint of stimulus programs ; Hyman Minsky , an American disciple of Mr. Keynes who warned about the dangers of financial deregulation ; and Milton Friedman , the late Chicago economist .
( Mr. Friedman 's free market principles are out of vogue , but Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke recently took his advice on how to prevent depressions by pumping money into the economy . )
The winner 's name , however , turns out to be much less familiar : Arthur Cecil Pigou ( pronounced " Arthur See- sil Pig - oo " ) .
Stepping from the wings , a strapping Englishman with fair , wavy hair and a luxuriant moustache , smiles awkwardly and accepts his prize .
A contemporary of Mr. Keynes at Cambridge University , Mr. Pigou was , for a long time , the forgotten man of economics .
In the years leading up to his death , in 1959 , he was a reclusive figure , rarely venturing from his rooms at King 's College .
His novel ideas on taxing polluters and making health insurance compulsory were met with indifference : Keynesianism was all the rage .
Today Mr. Pigou 's intellectual legacy is being rediscovered , and , unlike those of Messrs .
Keynes and Friedman , it enjoys bipartisan appeal .
Leading Republican - leaning economists such as Greg Mankiw and Gary Becker have joined Democrats such as Paul Krugman and Amartya Sen in recommending a Pigovian approach to policy .
Much of President Barack Obama 's agenda — financial regulation , cap and trade , health care reform — is an application of Mr. Pigou 's principles .
Whether the president knows it or not , he is a Pigovian .
Mr. Pigou pioneered the study of market failure — the branch of economics that explores why free enterprise sometimes .
During the 1930s , Mr. Keynes lampooned him as a reactionary because of his suggestion that the economic slump would eventually recover of its own accord .
But while Mr. Pigou believed capitalism works tolerably most of the time , he also demonstrated how , on occasion , it malfunctions .
His key insight was that actions in one part of the economy can have unintended consequences in others .
By Claire Prentice
New York
Virtual deputies look for groups of people crossing the border When John Spears gets home from his sales job in New York , he sits down at his computer with a bottle of beer and starts patrolling the US border .
And to do it , he does not need to stir from his sofa .
He is one of tens of thousands of people around the world who are volunteering to patrol the 1250 - mile long ( 2000 km ) stretch between Texas and Mexico via the web .
The controversial $ 4 m ( £ 2.5 m ) Texas Virtual Border Watch Programme invites civilians to log on to Blueservo .
net .
There they can monitor live feeds 24/7 from 21 hidden surveillance cameras placed at intervals along the border .
Supporters see the initiative as a step forward in US efforts to curb illegal immigration , drug smuggling and border violence .
Critics say it is encouraging vigilantism and stoking anti-immigrant feeling .
Value for money ?
Since the site went live in November 2008 , it has received more than 50 million hits , and more than 130,000 people have registered to become " virtual deputies " .
They are located as far afield as Australia , Mexico , Colombia , Israel , New Zealand and the UK .
Having those extra pairs of eyes makes a big difference
Don Reay , Texas Border Sheriff 's Coalition
The increased focus on the border comes amid concerns that drug - related violence is spilling over from Mexico into the US .
So far , some 21 arrests have been made under the programme which is operated by the Texas Border Sheriff 's Coalition ( TBSC ) .
The majority were for drug smuggling , leading to the seizure of 4,720lbs ( 2,140kg ) of marijuana .
Critics say this does not represent value for money .
State Senator Eliot Shapleigh , a Democrat from El Paso , described the scheme as a waste of money .
He argues that border cameras will " invite extremists to participate in a virtual immigrant hunt " .
The Bush administration tried to curb illegal immigration and drug smuggling by erecting a wall along parts of the US - Mexico border .
The surveillance cameras are focused on those stretches not protected by the wall or border guards .
Controversial measure
The website tells users what to look for : groups crowded into boats trying to cross the Rio Grande , individuals carrying backpacks or packages , cars parked in isolated areas and people crawling through the undergrowth .
I get a kick out of playing border guard - it's more interesting than TV
John Spears , virtual deputy
If the virtual deputies spot anything suspicious , they click a button on the website and send a message to the sheriff 's office in the corresponding location .
The sheriff 's office will then decide whether to investigate or to refer the sighting to the US Border Patrol .
" Having those extra pairs of eyes makes a big difference , " says TBSC executive director Don Reay .
" If we can prevent crime by our mere presence then that is a very good thing . "
The scheme has drawn criticism from politicians and civil liberties groups , who say patrolling the border is the responsibility of the US government , not volunteer citizens .
Federal backing Jay Stanley of the American Civil Liberties Union says that while it is " legitimate to protect the country 's border , we would be concerned that the cameras might encourage vigilantism .
That people would think they saw an illegal immigrant and then jump in their truck with a gun . "
The scheme has led to fewer than two dozen arrests so far
But the administrators of the site maintain the primary goal of the initiative is to tackle crime , not illegal immigration .
The criminal justice office of Texas Governor Rick Perry awarded the programme $ 2 m in federal funds in its first year and has provided an additional $ 2 m to fund another year .
More cameras will also be added in the months ahead .
Governor Perry has been criticised locally for pandering to the right - wing fringes of the Republican Party , and the scheme has been mocked on national television .
Governor Perry 's office did not return calls for comment .
Fred Burton , vice president of intelligence at the global intelligence company Stratfor , says cameras are not the solution for the border , but that they are a tool .
According to the TBSC , the surveillance cameras act as a powerful deterrent to potential drug traffickers and illegal immigrants .
Mr Reay says that it is " impossible to quantify how much criminal activity we are deterring but we 've seen a high volume of ' turn - backs ' , where people come right up to the border then turn around again . "
Like real police work , online border patrolling seems to consist of hours of tedium punctuated by minutes of high excitement .
Despite this , Deanna
Blythe spends about an hour a day logged on the site .
The housewife from Athens , Ohio , says that it gives her a feeling of doing her civic duty and helping to keep the borders secure .
Virtual deputy John Spears says it is more than that .
He actually gets " a kick out of coming home from a day in the office and playing border guard .
It 's more interesting than TV " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Admission Prices : ​ Adults : $ 20
Seniors ( 62 + ) , First Responders , Veterans / Military , Educators & Students with valid ID : $ 15 Family Pass ( 2 adults and 2 kids ages 13 - 17 ) : $ 50 ​ Admission price includes : Over 90 +
Games set to " FreePlay " , Free jukeboxes filled with favorites , stools & footstools , S.T.E.A.M. Exhibits , Gender Neutral Restrooms , Original Artwork and More ! ​
* Please stay tuned for updates regarding new COVID19 policies and procedures as our business model will likely change when we are again allowed to reopen to the public ...
We miss you !!!
testing captions
A sexy new supernatural is joining the cast of HBO ’s “ True Blood ” for the much - anticipated third season .
“ One Tree Hill ” regular Joe Manganiello has been cast as Alcide Herveaux , the new werewolf in town who will cozy up to telepathic waitress Sookie Stackhouse , played by Golden Globe nominee Anna Paquin .
Manganiello joins cast newcomers Alfre Woodard , who will be playing cook Lafayette ’s mom on the series , and James Frain of Showtime ’s “ The Tudors , ” who will play Tara ’s new love interest , vampire Franklin Mott .
In the last episode of season two , Stephen Moyer ’s vampire Bill was violently kidnapped .
If show creator Alan Ball follows the storyline laid out in the Charlaine Harris books on which the series is based , Paquin ’s Sookie will join forces with the werewolf on a trek through Mississippi to track down her vampire lover .
Fans will be able to satisfy their vampire fix when the show returns to HBO in June .
Hollywood stars flock to causes .
An A - list name can boost the profile of a charity , highlight a far - off tragedy or reverse a grave injustice .
So when Oscar - winning director Roman Polanski was arrested in Switzerland on the way to a film festival , it is perhaps no wonder that the great and the good of the film world rushed to plead for his freedom .
The list of supporters giving Polanski their impassioned support read like a Who 's Who of the cream of the movie - making world .
It included , among many others , Woody Allen , Martin Scorsese , David Lynch , Harvey Weinstein , Pedro Almodóvar and Ethan Coen .
But rather than rallying mass public support for the beleaguered film - maker – director of such undoubted classics as Chinatown , Rosemary 's Baby and The Pianist – they have provoked an extraordinary backlash .
Led by a handful of outspoken female voices , a rising tide of opinion has instead applauded Polanski's arrest for unlawful sex with a 13 - year - old back in 1977 .
They have turned the focus on the crime itself , calling the director an accused rapist who abused a child .
That , they say , should be the focus of the story and of Hollywood 's ire , not defending an old man who pleaded guilty to unlawful sex with a young girl then went on the run for 32 years to avoid prison .
The backlash – not only against Polanski , but also against the Hollywood clan that rallied round him – has begun in earnest .
" Roman Polanski raped a child .
Let 's just start right there , because that 's the detail that tends to get neglected , " wrote feminist and author Kate Harding in an impassioned column in Salon .
That article then went viral across the internet , gaining tens of thousands of page views and seeming to herald the reaction to come .
Harding , a liberal feminist , found herself being asked to appear on rightwing talk radio shows .
Soon editorial after editorial , from the mighty New York Times to the smalltown Lowell Sun in Massachusetts , followed suit , welcoming Polanski 's arrest as a case of long overdue justice for a serious crime .
It seems that the consequences of the dramatic development could now spread wider than just Polanski .
Already some early supporters of the director , such as actress Whoopee Goldberg , have had to backtrack and clarify their positions .
More are likely to follow suit in the weeks to come .
Could it be that Hollywood – whose very existence rests on accurately predicting the public 's taste – has made one of its gravest misjudgments ?
" The disconnect between Hollywood and the rest of the country seems enormous , " said Anthony Mora , an author and founder of a leading Los Angeles - based public relations firm .
There is little doubt that the case is extremely complex .
In many ways both sides are dealing in black and whites and not the shades of grey that too often more accurately describe reality .
For Polanski's defenders , that has meant ignoring the act that took place in 1977 and instead focusing on judicial wrongdoings that have plagued the case and Polanski's own tragedy - tinged life .
They point out that the director pleaded guilty only as part of a deal , which he then feared was being reneged upon .
That is why he fled , they say .
They also refer to his past – as a Holocaust survivor and a man whose wife , Sharon Tate , was brutally murdered by followers of Charles Manson – as evidence that he has already borne much suffering in his life .
Finally , his sterling record as a film director is held up as evidence of why he should be celebrated as a leading artist , not arrested for a crime where even the victim has asked for him not to be pursued after such a long time .
Perhaps it is no wonder that many in Hollywood have described his plight in terms that make Polanski himself the martyr .
Weinstein said the arrest was a " terrible situation " .
Actress Debra Winger said the Swiss had been involved in " Philistine collusion " in allowing the arrest .
Goldberg , in now notorious remarks , said : " I do n't believe it was ' rape - rape ' . "
But , as the outrage has grown , especially in the wake of Goldberg 's remarks , the sheer scale of Hollywood 's misjudgment in rallying so enthusiastically to Polanski 's cause has begun to be exposed .
One of Goldberg 's fellow presenters on the ABC TV show The View , Sherri Shepherd , condemned Polanksi outright .
Details of the victim 's testimony in 1977 have been published and widely circulated through the media and via the gossip website The Smoking Gun .
It makes for grim and unpleasant reading .
The girl graphically described being given champagne and a quaalude , a popular recreational drug in the 1970s , by Polanski before he had sex with her .
She testified that she repeatedly said no but that he did not stop , committing numerous sexual acts as she protested .
Not surprisingly , it is feminists and women who have led the charge against Hollywood 's support of Polanski .
The Feminist Majority Foundation is in favour of his extradition .
Katie Buckland , chief executive of the California Women 's Law Centre , has pointed out the difference between Hollywood 's attitudes towards Polanski's long - ago crime and the unearthed pasts of elderly paedophile Catholic priests .
Writer Vicki
Iovine has also been outspoken , making the same point .
Even some women members of Hollywood have broken ranks as actress Kirstie Alley loudly condemned Polanski and those who defended him .
Nearly all have accused him in no uncertain terms of being a child rapist .
The ramifications of that will be difficult to measure .
Polanski now faces a long legal battle that will span two continents .
But in the arena of public opinion his image has been shattered .
The words many people will now first associate with Polanski will be all to do with the sexual assault of a young child , not his film work .
Even if he goes free , Polanski could now be hurt where it really matters to Hollywood : the box office .
" Sex with children was , and always has been , anathema to Americans ... the ' anything goes ' cultural excesses of the time do not excuse Polanski from society 's expectation that adults should protect kids , not exploit them , " said author and sociologist BJ Gallagher .
The Polanski backlash has spread far and wide .
He was never popular at all on the right wing of America 's culture , but now middle America is firmly in favour of seeing him in a Californian courtroom .
Talkshow hosts , radio commentators and newspaper editorials from coast to coast have all insisted that the arrest was long overdue and that Polanski needs to be brought to the US .
" Hollywood people really do n't see the world in the same way as average people ... that is why there is a backlash , " said Mike Levine , a Hollywood PR expert .
But it is perhaps no surprise that the gap between Hollywood and the rest of America has grown so large on this particular case .
Because of his long and illustrious career , Polanski is a friend and colleague of nearly all the main players in the film world .
They are his confidantes and his peers .
His movies have made them stars and helped them to earn millions .
They live in the same rarefied world of global fame .
" Elite Hollywood culture is protecting one of its own , " said Alexander Riley , a professor of sociology at Bucknell University .
It is also speaks to a certain type of Hollywood culture which appears to insist that its top stars are in some ways elevated above the law and should be treated differently to ordinary members of the public .
If Polanski was just an ordinary man instead of a world - famous film director , the bare facts of his case would be likely to elicit little sympathy – especially from the world famous .
Hollywood stars seem to be arguing , in some ways , that Polanski's talent should allow him some sort of free pass for his past behaviour .
" Hollywood ... looks at the Polanski case and says , ' You have to make allowances for genius ' , " said Gallagher .
Hollywood 's elite also functions as a kind of club and Polanski , seen by the elite as a great European auteur director , is a firm member .
That requires a certain degree of success but also a great deal of ideological conformity .
It is a cliche that Hollywood is uniformly liberal in its politics , but one with more than a dash of truth in it .
It is certainly interesting to see the reaction to Polanski's case and compare it with the reaction to Mel Gibson , when he was caught mouthing drunken anti-Semitic abuse .
Gibson , a rare conservative in Hollywood , was brutally condemned by his fellow stars and sent into virtual career exile .
Polanski , whose crime is far more serious , has seen a vast outpouring of sympathy .
Being a member of the Hollywood club certainly seems to have its privileges .
" The difference between the reaction to Gibson and the reaction to Polanski has been just huge .
Huge ! " said celebrity interviewer Gayl Murphy .
" That says a lot about what Hollywood thinks is important to them . "
But , more importantly , it has also exposed a huge fault line between what Hollywood thinks of itself and what Americans think of Hollywood .
No longer is it just the right wing of America lambasting " Hollywood liberals " for their permissive and overly Democratic ways .
It is Democrats too .
And feminists .
And conservatives .
Polanski seems to have united the different strands of America in a way that few other things have .
As Harding blogged after her column exploded across the blogosphere and she was inundated with emails and requests for press interviews :
" Who knew being disgusted with Roman Polanski would turn out to be the ever - elusive common ground between rightwing dudes and liberal feminists ? "
Among the many messages sent out by politicians during the UN Climate Conference in Copenhagen , “ Be sustainable — do n’t buy sex ” has to be one of the least expected .
This was the advice circulated by Ritt Bjeregaard , the city ’s mayor and a former EU Environment Commissioner , sent via postcard to all the hotels in the city to tell them to stamp down on conference - goers looking to patronise prostitutes on their premises .
Prostitution is legal in Denmark ( though brothels and pimping are not ) , and sex workers had been expecting to do a roaring trade during the two - week conference .
Mayor Bjeregaard ’s note sparked an angry response from the Sex Workers Interest Group , which pointed out that its members are not breaking the law and promised free sex to any attendees who produced one of the postcards along with their conference accreditation .
“ This is sheer discrimination .
Ritt Bjerregaard is abusing her position as mayor in using power to prevent us carrying out our perfectly legal job .
I do n’t understand how she can be allowed to contact people in this way , ” the group ’s spokeswoman Susanne Møller told website avisen.dk .
A group of Israeli soldiers disobeyed orders on Monday to help dismantle several structures built by Jewish settlers in the occupied West Bank without government authorization .
A military press officer said that several soldiers were relieved of duty pending an investigation and that they would face court - martials .
One modder just could n't wait for Microsoft 's Courier , so he took his Dell mini 9 and added on a USB touchscreen display .
And surprisingly enough , it works .
Advertisement
Nicknamed Harlequin , the device allows you to type and write on the right ( the touchscreen ) and read on the left ( the original mini 9 display ) .
Thanks to Windows 7's native handwriting and speech recognition , those issues have been solved at the base software level .
Advertisement
Of course , the mod is n't quite complete , its non-existent hinge mechanism defining this more as two interacting tablets than a sleek , compact book .
So working on the system becomes a Ten Commandments enterprise involving lots of wires and juggling .
But we 'll see whose product is done first , the modder 's or Microsoft 's .
[ mydellmini via SlashGear ]
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , moving to defuse public outrage over its pay , said its top 30 executives will receive no cash bonuses for 2009 despite the firm 's expected record profits .
Thursday 's announcement was the biggest concession yet by Goldman in response to the criticism of its compensation barely a year after the New York company received $ 10 billion in taxpayer - funded aid .
Instead of a mix of cash and stock , Chairman and Chief Executive Lloyd C. Blankfein and the rest of Goldman 's management committee will be awarded ...
Was it murder ?
Investigators are still trying to determine whether the death was a killing or a suicide , and if a killing , whether the motive was related to his government job or to anti-government sentiment .
Call me naive , but I doubt this hard working man would have killed himself over a part time job he 's held since 2003 .
Friends , this has escalated to a point of seemingly no return .
A hard working federal employee , just doing his job , no politics even involved , was probably murdered for taking down CENSUS data .
Has the right wing gotten so craven that they now refute the existence of the census ?
It 's amazing how willing they were to have government wiretap us or send our brave soldiers into an unwinnable war , but now , they potentially murder , in cold blood , a door to door census taker ?
Honestly , how do we even fight back ?
How do you talk reason to crazy people ?
It seems only law enforcement can perhaps make a difference , but then again , they are government actors , too .
Updated : Someone in the comments asks the probability of the right wing establishment condemning this .
I ask : what 's MORE probable , them blaming it on liberals or condemning it ?
Updated II : away from the computer for a while , but I wanted to draw attention to this article a commenter linked to .
Such a sad story .
He 's not just a symbol of right wing violence , he was a father and cancer survivor and an example of the American dream .
Sparkman spoke with Greene at length about his being diagnosed with cancer .
Sparkman assured her that he wanted her to continue to call him for work .
They went over in detail what he would have to do throughout his treatment , particularly on Fridays , when he would be unable to work due to the lengthy chemotherapy treatments .
Greene said Sparkman was very conscientious as a substitute teacher and did not want his treatment to hurt his chances of being called into work .
Greene described Bill Sparkman as a man with a great attitude and added that someone with his enthusiasm and willingness to work is remarkable , given the situation .
And one final update , for those debating , legitimately , whether this was a murder or not , updated AP story :
Oprah Winfrey 's spokeswoman said today that the talk - show host plans to end her long - running program in 2011 .
The loss of " The Oprah Winfrey Show " will be missed in particular by the book publishing industry .
“ It ’s a blow , ” said Lorraine Shanley , a partner in the consulting firm Market Partners International Inc. , who earlier this week watched former Alaska governor and Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin promote her book on Ms. Winfrey ’s show .
“ Oprah ...
His owner , Brad Davis , told WFSB - TV he thought the marking may be a message from above , though he is still trying to worl out what that message might be .
If we could have had a second round AND a strong but failing vote for national single - payer , that would have been better .
But the single - payer vote was going to be used as cover for voting for a bad bill .
Depriving conniving congress critters of that cover is decidedly a good thing , assuming healthcare advocates can come to terms with it and not rip each other 's throats out .
If congress members in favor of real helthcare reform were able to work with each other , or if activists were , other possibilities would open up .
And if we have a round 2 in which advocates for a public option admit that single - payer would be better and include single - payer in all of their discussions as the ideal that Americans actually prefer , wonderful things might become possible .
But unless single - payer advocates admit that winning in one state would be a good thing , rather than a loss of purity , we may not save any lives .
Our most likely path to national single - payer is to get it in a state first .
And we could still facilitate that if we all got together and forced the conference committe to put the Kucinich Amendment back in , or if we forced House members to insist on voting No on Saturday unless the Kucinich Amendment is put back in .
*****
UPDATE : Take Action .
*****
UPDATE : Waxman has his own twisted logic :
Chairman Waxman ’s Statement on Rep. Weiner ’s Single - Payer Amendment
WASHINGTON , DC — Today Chairman Henry A. Waxman released the following statement in response to Rep. Anthony Weiner ’s decision not to offer a single - payer amendment to the House Democratic health care legislation :
" Rep. Anthony Weiner has been one of the most tireless and effective advocates for health care reform .
His decision not to offer his amendment on the floor was a difficult one for him , and for supporters of the measure .
I believe Rep . Weiner 's choice will be enormously helpful in passing the health care reform package .
His step is a correct and courageous one .
I thank Rep. Weiner for it , and look forward to working with him closely .
Rep .
Weiner deserves a great deal of credit for helping to make quality , affordable health care more available to millions of Americans . "
Are you joking ?
No I am not joking .
I am giving away 4 trips to Manu and 10 trips to Carpish / Satipo road in Central Peru .
Below the macaw - picture are the departures you can chose from :
Manu 8 days
Manu needs no presentation I think .
The lowland amazonian rainforest of SE Peru is world famous .
How would you like to come on a totally free birding trip from Lima .
You do n’t even have to pay for the flights to Cusco and back from Puerto Maldonado .
Available departures on the following dates .
February 21 , April 3 , June 27 and July 18 .
Carpish / Satipo road 8 days
Central Peru is less known but is great for birding and is also very inexpensive if you want to bring a friend on your free trip .
This particular promotions aims to promote the area and create a continuous demand so it will be worthwhile for the communities to set up some basic lodging .
At the beginning the conditions will be basic and some camping may be needed , but at the end of the year it is hoped that no camping shall be needed and that the areas should be able to receive visitors throughout the year in the future .
Departures as follow : March 17 , April 29 , June 1 , July 6 , July 27 , August 12 , September 25 , October 19 , Nov 22 and December 12
Why ?
I am a tree - hugger at heart .
More than a birdwatcher really .
There is too much habitat destruction going on .
Eco-tourism can be a sustainable way to protect habitat .
But true eco-tourism is not possible if the community that lives around or in the area you ’d like to conserve is excluded from the master plan .
The only way in reality for conservation and true eco-tourism to be successful , is to give local communities true and immediate benefits .
The projects I am involved in centre around the communities .
To highlight both to the birding world as well as the communities that there areas are important I have chosen to highlight these areas in “ Fixed Departures ” that run monthly .
Each departure has a host who has been given a free trip .
I hope that this marketing , with free trips and the social media platform to get the message across , will be a very effective way to let the world know in very short time about these new birding destinations with extremely diverse wildlife , lush forests and spectacular scenery .
Also , from the perspective of the project itself and to be successful , both areas need groups fast and frequently .
Otherwise , it is likely that the communities will not bother about the conservation and the eco-tourism .
What is in it for me ?
Disclaimer !
Kolibri Expeditions is a small company .
This PR - stunt ( I do n’t think anyone else have tried such a bold trip give - away earlier ) should / could become almost viral ( at least among birders ) .
I hope this could get our company out of little league .
We are doing a good thing .
We employe Peruvian guides .
We work with communities .
We are environmentally concerned .
We have compatible prices .
Yet , we still have had problems at the end of the year for the past three years to get it together ( although 2009 looks better than many previous years ) .
The main reason for the poor result is low sales between December and May and our fixed cost that are even through - out the year .
Our staff is mainly on pay - roll with legal rights to overtime , vacation , social health care and pension .
So even in our slow months we have staff to pay .
There is really no reason why birders should not come to Peru all year around .
You will always find more birds in Peru than in your own country in the northern hemisphere .
Costa Rica and Ecuador do not shut down in the rainy season – Why should Peru do so ?
To sell more trips through - out the year , Kolibri Expeditions must become better known .
The give - away should help !
So what is the catch ?
There is n’t much of a catch really .
The trips will be totally free from Lima . , Since there are only 14 trips in total given away I shall chose those that provide the biggest value to the company .
How you can supply that value to us will be treated in my next opt - in newsletter due Saturday Dec 12 ( the newsletter will also be sent to anyone signing up later ) .
This is what you need to do now to be eligable for a free birding trip in Peru .
The first thing you need to do is to sign - up to our new opt - in newletter if you have not already done so .
Where ?
In the center column just below the big picture of a Tanager or Mr Engblom with child , there is a form to fill in .
Email and Name , please !
Then you will get an email telling you to click the confirmation link .
That is it !
You are now subscribed to the bi-weekly Kolibri Expeditions newsletter .
Is that it ?
No !
One more thing !
The idea is to use Social Media .
Social media is all about sharing .
Here is the link to this post that you need to share : https://bit.ly/8s830C
In order to be eligable for a free trip you need to share .
The more you share , the bigger chance you have for a free trip .
I am not saying you have to become a spammer , but I am sure your friends would like to know about this possibility .
Even if you do n’t win one of the free trips , you will by participating and sharing win a lot of Karma , so that new opportunities will be given to you for substancial discounts or other special offers or promotions .
So where and how do you share ?
Twitter and Facebook are the two most obvious platforms and where you probably heard of this first .
However , you may be participating in different forums for birders , listservers for birders , My Space , Hi5 , Linked In , FriendFeed , Chatterbirds , Chirptracker , picture sharing platforms such as Flickr , Picasa , etc .
Good ol ’ email and blogging also works .
Write your friends and write about this in your blog .
I will promote cross - link on my social media platforms to your blogpost as well as some other post on your blog which should bring you some traffic
Also make sure you use all sorts of link sharing platforms such as Delicious , Digg and Stumble Upon and that you re-tweet this everytime you open this page ( check the re-tweet button and digg button above - I ’ll see if I can find a SU button somewhere so please come back ! ) .
Finally , let ’s mention Facebook again .
You should share this link https://bit.ly/8s830C
on your wall and become fan of , monitor and participate on , the Kolibri Expeditions Facebook page .
Every time you do , there is a little note on your own wall , that you have posted something on Kolibri ’s wall .
Do you get the picture ?
Social Media rocks !
That is all you need to do for now .
Easy , huh ?
FAQ
Q. I am not a hard core birder , I just like nature in general .
Can I still participate .
A. Yes , you can !
These indigenous communities can hardly make enough money , if they have to rely only on birders .
Nevertheless , there is a reason why we chose to start promoting to birders .
Birding is a great way to promote new area if the ornithological value is high .
You should not expect the set - up to be 100 % functional when communities , completely new to the challanges of eco-tourism , are involved .
However , as a birder , as long as you see a lot of birds , some hardships and things not being perfect can be dealt with .
When birders will tell other birders how great an area is for birding , it rarely has to do with what food they ate , or what temperature the shower had , but what birds they have seen .
In this sense birders are the cutting edge of eco-tourism – as they can withstand less than perfect comfort as long as they see the birds .
Having said this , I am keen to offer Manu departures with other themes than birding .
Anyone being avid in photography , mammals , herps , butterflies or botany would have a great chance of receiving a free trip .
If you merely have a general interest in the rain forest , these trips are not for you .
However , if you have a large network of contacts and feel you can generate some interest among others to see the Amazon rain forest , Giant Otter , Tapir , Macaw - lick and up to 10 species of monkeys , I would be happy to discuss the opening of some general natural history departures also during this first promotional year – and if you can recruit members to such a trip and host it – so much better as I could then supply you with a freebie .
Q. Will you repeat this in 2011r ?
A. Probably not !
At least not in this form directed to birders in general .
Some tour operators , birding magazines and prominent bloggers may get an offer , but it is unlikely I will present it to the public in this massive way as now .
It is now or never !
In any case we hope by next year that we have raised enough money to increase comfort and that it shall be no problem selling the trips for a higher amount .
Q . Why do n’t you spit it out ?
What tours are you talking about ?
A. Sorry !
I was carried away talking about how great the trips are without presenting them .
Here they are Manu community lodges 8 days and Satipo road and Carpish .
The first is a Amazonian lowland destination and the second is a cloud forest destination .
The person winning the free trip would act as host for the trip .
Q . Where can I learn more about the community projects you are involved in ?
A . Here are a couple of links .
I realize I need soon to write an update on the advances on the Satipo road and Amarakaeri projects , but in any case these old posts give you some background .
Amarakaeri / Manu
Birdwatching in a communal reserve next to Manu
News from Amarakaeri – the communal reserve next to Manu .
Satipo road project
Outline of ideas behind Satipo road project – before trip to Mindo , Ecuador .
A marathon for conservation – A fundraising marathon and some update on the project from 2009 .
Q. I want to travel with my partner .
Can we both get a free trip ?
A. Yes and no !
The Manu trips are tied back to back with the Carpish / Satipo road trips .
Although you and your friend would not get freebie to same Manu trip , your partner could ask for a freebie to the Carpish trip that follows .
This may be a advantage , when it comes down to selecting the hosts .
Make sure you let me know if you are a pair .
I suggest you send me lots of other questions to my email kolibriexp@gmail.com so I can deal with them in the next newsletter .
See you on the other side .
Once again this is what you need to do :
Sign - up for the newsletter on the top of the mid column - just below the Tanager photo or the photo of me and Luciana .
Share this link https://bit.ly/8s830C
on Facebook and Twitter and any other Social Media platform you can think of .
Do n’t link directly to the trip pages , please .
We do n’t need to shove it down their throats .
Please do n’t mention the company name in head - lines … do n’t want it to appear spammy !
Mentioning my name and a link to the blog should be OK , but please do n’t link directly to the trip pages .
Again , that would appear as too spammy in a message to many people .
Many thanks for taking part in this social media experiment .
The photo depicts 3 species of Macaws from Tambopata .
The Blue and Yellow Macaw is not found on the clay lick at Manu , but the species is generarlly seen in the area .
Photo Credit : Tim Ryan From the Faraway , Nearby .
High salt intake is associated with significantly greater risk of both stroke and cardiovascular disease , concludes a study published on the British Medical Journal website .
The link between high salt intake and high blood pressure is well established , and it has been suggested that a population - wide reduction in dietary salt intake has the potential to substantially reduce the levels of cardiovascular disease .
The World Health Organization recommended level of salt consumption is 5 g ( about one teaspoon ) per day at the population level , yet dietary salt intake in most Western countries is close to 10g per day ( and much higher in many Eastern European countries ) .
Collaborative research conducted by Professor Pasquale Strazzullo at the University of Naples , Italy and Professor Francesco Cappuccio at the University of Warwick , UK analysed the results of 13 published studies involving over 170,000 people that directly assessed the relationship between levels of habitual salt intake and rates of stroke and cardiovascular disease .
Differences in study design and quality were taken into account to minimise bias .
Their analysis shows unequivocally that a difference of 5 g a day in habitual salt intake is associated with a 23 % difference in the rate of stroke and a 17 % difference in the rate of total cardiovascular disease .
Based on these results , the authors estimate that reducing daily salt intake by 5 g at the population level could avert one and a quarter million deaths from stroke and almost three million deaths from cardiovascular disease each year .
Furthermore , because of imprecision in measurement of salt intake , these effect sizes are likely to be underestimated , say the authors .
These results support the role of a substantial population reduction in salt intake for the prevention of cardiovascular disease , they conclude .
This study is a useful and welcome addition to the medical literature , and strengthens the case for population - wide salt reduction , says Professor Lawrence Appel from Johns Hopkins University , in an accompanying editorial .
Notes :
Have you ever noticed that whenever animals appear in a film sequence that they are making a lot of noise ?
What many people do n’t realize is that the sound effects we hear in movies are usually added later and very often do n’t signify reality , they signify our perception of reality .
What people also often do n’t know is that many movies and TV programs use the very same sounds .
Some of these sounds have become so commonplace as to become cliches .
This list looks at ten of those most recognizable film and television cliched sound effects .
10 Wilhelm Scream
We are starting with the Wilhelm scream because it appeared on another list recently .
The Wilhelm scream is a frequently - used film and television stock sound effect first used in 1951 for the film Distant Drums .
The effect gained new popularity ( its use often becoming an in - joke ) after it was used in Star Wars and many other blockbuster films as well as television programs and video games .
The scream is often used when someone is falling to his death from great height .
Enjoy the video above – it is a compilation of the Wilhelm scream from a variety of movies .
9 Castle Thunder
Listen to the sound effect …
Castle thunder is a sound effect that consists of the sound of a loud thunderclap during a rainstorm .
It was originally recorded for the 1931 version of the horror film Frankenstein .
It has been used in many movies from the 1940s to the 1980s , in Disney and Hanna - Barbera cartoons , and on TV series such as Gilligan ’s Island .
It has also been used as an element in other sounds , such as the Enterprise ’s warp acceleration in “ Star Trek – The Motion Picture , ” and on the flash of a laser bolt in “ Star Wars ” as we follow the point - of - view of an X - Wing fighter into the Death Star ’s trench .
It was retired from regular film use around 1985 , although it is still used in 1990s and 2000s animation shows .
The sound effect has also appeared in TV commercials as well .
8 Universal Telephone Ring
Listen to the sound effect …
The universal telephone ring was commonly heard in the ’70s and ’80s but it still makes appearances in film and TV today .
It is frequently used in movies set in those two decades such as Anchorman .
The effect shot to fame when it was heard in the opening of the Rockford Files – just before the answering phone kicks in .
It went on to appear in TV shows such as the Six Million Dollar Man , the Bionic Woman , Magnum PI , and films like Close Encounters , Ghostbusters , and The Sting .
At least one sound editor has said that people should stop using it due to the “ wow ” distortion heard in the original recording .
That request has , however , fallen on deaf ears it would seem .
7 Movie Owl
Listen to the sound effect …
Next time you watch a movie with an owl in it , remember this list .
Every time an owl is heard in a movie , it is the Great Horned Owl .
For some reason it has become the ubiquitous “ owl sound ” to most movie goers .
This is one of those ambient effects which very rarely occurs at the same time as an owl appears on the screen .
When you hear this sound you know it is nighttime and you know that something spooky is happening or going to happen .
The Great Horned
Owl is not the only cliche in bird sounds in movies :
6 Hawks and Eagles
Imagine a camera panning across a landscape which finally ends in a high mountain .
What sound will you hear ?
You will hear a hawk or a bald eagle screeching .
This sound is also heard just before or just after a climactic part of an adventure movie set in the wilderness .
This sound signifies the great outdoors .
And everytime you hear it it is the same bird : a red tailed hawk .
If you want to hear what a real bald eagle sounds like , click here .
5 Tarzan Call
The Tarzan yell is the distinctive , ululating yell of the character Tarzan , as portrayed by actor Johnny Weissmuller in the films based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs , starting with Tarzan the Ape Man ( 1932 ) .
The yell was a creation of the movies and the closest thing to it in the books is simply called “ The victory cry of the bull ape . ”
The yell appears in many cartoons and other movies which use it for comic effect .
The sound is actually made by Johnny Weissmuller – the actor in the clip above .
He stared as Tarzan in the films based on the Edgar Rice Burroughs books starting with Tarzan the Ape Man ( 1932 ) .
4 Loony Loons
The cry of the common loon gets a lot of play in the movies .
It is a sound mostly associated with wilderness — large , pristine lakes where humans rarely intrude .
In the movies , however , you can hear a loon almost anywhere .
The determining factor is fog .
A suburban scene with close - cut lawns , water sprinklers , sidewalks and kids riding bicycles is not good loon habitat , but add some fog and Hollywood will have loons crying from every direction .
3 Screaming Cat
Every time a vehicle crashes , trash cans fall over , something blows up , or any chaos occurs off - screen , after the sounds of breaking glass and other Stock Sound Effects , the same poor cat gets caught in the crossfire and makes that same tortured screech .
No exceptions .
It pops up in areas and scenes where there ’s no reason for a cat to be there at all .
There is absolutely no doubt that everyone reading this list has heard the poor cat at some point .
Its origins are unknown .
In the clip above you have to watch until the very end ( it only takes two minutes ) to hear the sound effect when the Mask throws away his tommy gun .
2 Wolf Howl
Listen to the sound effect …
Every time a full moon arises in a movie , we hear the lonesome call of a wolf .
Film makers seem so determined to add this “ spooky ” sound effect that the wolf sounds even appear in many films set in locations where there are no wolves .
The most popular wolf sound used by film makers is the timber wolf – whose call you can hear by clicking the link above .
Now just add some loons and a great horned owl and you do n’t even need a script to set the scene .
1 Howie Scream
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBXkfb7Ok0o
Listen to the sound effect …
We started with a scream so let ’s end with one .
Unlike the Wilhelm Scream , this one does n’t have an official name though it appears to been dubbed the Howie Scream because it is the sound Howie Long makes in Broken Arrow right before he gets killed .
This and the Wilhelm scream are just the two most common of about 15 regularly used stock screams , most of which have yet to be named .
Schulz Stephenson Law is the private practice of Bradley N. Schulz and Sundee G. Stephenson .
Our office is committed to educating and empowering our clients while , at the same time , addressing their legal needs as quickly and efficiently as possible .
Have a legal problem ?
Have a question ?
Call us .
We can help .
Schulz Stephenson Law Provides Legal Representation You Can Count On .
Sundee G. Stephenson is a North Carolina Board Certified Family Law Specialist .
Sundee ’s practice focuses on family law and domestic matters .
which include prenuptial and post nuptial agreements , separation , divorce , equitable / property distribution , alimony , child custody and visitation , child support , juvenile matters , termination of parental rights , adoptions , elder care , and child and adult protective services matters involving County Department of Social Services .
Ms. Stephenson has a 9.2 ( Superb ) Avvo Lawyer rating .
Bradley Schulz practices in the areas of family law , estate planning , personal injury , construction problems and defects , commercial and insurance litigation , medical malpractice , wrongful death , and worker ’s compensation .
Bradley also has a very successful Court of Appeal record and appellate practice .
Mr. Schulz has the highest Avvo Lawyer rating possible , 10.0 ( Superb ) .
Bradley Schulz is a trial lawyer with over 27 years experience handling cases in the state and federal courts .
He has also handled numerous appeals to the North Carolina Industrial Commission , North Carolina Court of Appeals , North Carolina Supreme Court , and the United States Supreme Court .
We realize that legal issues can be both life changing and extremely personal .
You can trust us to handle these issues carefully .
You can also trust us to dedicate ourselves to reaching a resolution .
While we are strong negotiators and will strive to reach a positive outcome outside of court , we are trial lawyers with the experience to fight hard and win for our clients if litigating a matter is in their best interests .
Our Team is made up of attorneys Sundee G. Stephenson and Bradley N. Schulz , who both possess extensive experience in different areas of the law .
Schulz Stephenson Law Provides Legal Representation You Can Count On .
Call us today at ( 252 ) 728-7300 to schedule an appointment or consultation .
We are located directly across from the courthouse .
Our office hours are 8:30 to 5:00 Monday through Friday .
Evening appointments are available upon request .
If you are unable to travel to our office , we can make accommodations as needed .
Hello !
as3sxfr is a free open source tool for generating sound effects , primarily for games but they could be used for anything you like !
It 's quite an old tool now though , why do n't you give my new sound tool ChipTone a try ?
All sounds created using as3sfxr are FREE to use for any purpose , commercial or otherwise , under the CC0 licence .
However , if you 'd like to , you can donate below !
Credits
as3sfxr was ported from sfxr in 2010 by me , Tom Vian .
You can reach me at tom@sfbgames.com or @SFBTom , and find my games at SFB Games .
sfxr was built in 2007 by DrPetter .
According to this site , this sign is not a fake , it 's an actual church sign seen in Arkansas .
If you liked this post , you can subscribe to the Blame It On The Voices RSS feed and get your regular fix
Intel is rolling out a new Atom platform that will include integrated graphics capabilities and memory controller , a move that company officials say will lead to better performance , energy efficiency and new designs of both netbooks and entry - level desktop PCs .
The new chips will begin to appear in systems in January , Intel said Dec. 21 .
The Atom chip , first introduced in June 2008 , as been the key technology driving the netbook market , which has been one of the few segments in the tech industry to perform well during the global recession - thanks to the small size and low cost of the systems -- and a lone bright spot in the PC space during the past year .
Now the chip - the smallest in Intel 's portfolio - will begin finding its way into entry - level desktops , continuing Intel 's aggressive plans for expanding the platform 's reach .
" The Intel Atom processor has fueled an entirely new category of computing over the last year and a half , and we think the growth will continue for devices like netbooks and entry - level PCs built around basic computing and Internet usage models , " Mooly Eden , corporate vice president and general manager of Intel 's PC Client Group , said in a statement .
The new Atom platform should lead to new systems with better battery life , smaller footprints and greater performance , according to Intel .
The integrated graphics and memory controller is an important part of that , the chip maker said .
That not only will the integration help with the improved performance , but it will also mean lower power and a smaller overall size , now that the Atom platform will mean two chips - the CPU and chip set - rather than three - the CPU , chip set and I /O controller hub .
Intel has seen rapid adoption of its Atom technology .
ABI Research is predicting that Atom shipments will grow into the hundreds of millions by 2011 , and both Gartner and IDC say the netbook space will continue to expand .
Gartner in November predicted that mini-notebook shipments will reach 29 million in 2009 and 41 million in 2010 .
Intel also is courting developers to help expand the Atom - based netbook reach .
At the Intel Developer Forum in September , Intel officials introduced its Atom Developer Program , which is designed to make it easier for developers to create and market applications for the platform .
Intel on Dec. 12 released a beta version of the program 's SDK ( software development kit ) .
The new platform includes the Atom N450 processor and NM10 Express chip set for netbooks , and either the D410 or dual - core D510 - also with the NM10 Express chip set - for entry - level desktops .
The chips run at 1.66 Ghz .
NAIROBI , Nov. 18 , 2009  --
The MV Maersk Alabama has thwarted another attack by Somali pirates , according to European Union and U.S. Navy officials .
" Pirates fired automatic weapons on MV Maersk Alabama who responded with fire , " said an EU Naval Command Statement , " The crew managed to repel the attack and no casualties were reported . "
The pirates ' assault was countered by gunfire and a high - decibel noise device from a security team that is traveling aboard the Alabama to defend it from pirates .
Maersk spokesman Kevin Speers told reporters the ship was headed to Mombasa , Kenya , carrying food aid for war - torn Somalia when it was fired upon by a pirate boat carrying four gunmen .
Navy officials tell ABC News that all 20 members aboard the Maersk Alabama are now " safe and secure , " and have resumed their journey .
It 's the second time this year the U.S. flagged cargo ship has been attacked .
In April , Somali pirates hijacked the Maersk Alabama and held the ship 's captain Richard Phillips hostage on a lifeboat for five days before Navy snipers shot and killed his captors .
At that time , the ship was not equipped with armed guards , something crew members told ABC News they thought were needed .
Massachusetts Maritime Academy professor Capt .
Joseph Murphy , who is the father of a sailor who was on the Maersk Alabama during the first pirate attack in April , said significant improvements to the ship 's security have been made .
Murphy told the Associated Press that owners of the Maersk Alabama have spent a considerable amount of money since the April hijacking to make the vessel pirate - proof , including structural features and safety equipment .
The most dramatic change is what he called a security force of " highly trained ex-military personnel . "
The wife of the Maersk Alabama 's captain , Paul Rochford , told WBZ - AM radio in Boston that she was " really happy " there were weapons on board for this attack .
" It probably surprised the pirates .
They were probably shocked , " Kimberly Rochford said .
" I 'm really happy at least it did n't turn out like the last time . "
Phillips was not at the helm this time .
He was headed to Norfolk , Va. , for a museum event opening for a piracy exhibit where he will also thank his rescuers from the destroyer USS Bainbridge , who are home - ported in the city .
This will be Phillips ' first meeting with his rescuers since his rescue .
The piracy exhibit will also include the lifeboat he was rescued from , which is on loan from a Navy SEAL museum in Florida .
Since the attack in April , private security guards have been accompanying the crew on voyages through the dangerous Indian Ocean waters , where piracy is rampant .
In a statement , U.S. Navy Fifth Fleet Commander Vice Adm. Bill Gortney praised the actions of the Maersk Alabama 's crew and security team .
" Due to Maersk Alabama following maritime industry 's best - practices such as embarking security teams , the ship was able to prevent being successfully attacked by pirates , " he said .
Despite increased patrols by global naval forces in the Gulf of Aden , and the presence of un - manned U.S. military drones off the coast of the Seychelles Islands , piracy continues to thrive .
Pirates Captured One Ship , Release Another for Ransom
Yesterday , Somali pirates captured the MV Theresa VIII , a Virgin - Islands owned chemical tanker with 28 North Korean crew members on board .
The ship was hijacked north of the Seychelles Islands , the newest hot spot for piracy .
Pirates are claiming in news reports that the captain of the vessel has died of gunshot wounds , but there 's been no confirmation of that so far .
After more than a month of contentious negotiations Somali pirates released a Spanish vessel Alakrana Tuesday .
The ship was hijacked , also off the coast of the Seychelles on Oct. 2 .
Spain's Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero confirmed the tuna trawler was released but would not confirm whether a ransom was paid .
Pirate spokesmen told news agencies that they received over $ 3 million for the safe release of the 36 crew members .
The pirates had also demanded that two pirates being held by the Spanish government be released , but r Zapatero said the case would be handled by the justice system .
Lt. Nathan Christensen , a spokesman for the Fifth Fleet told ABC News that ships cannot rely solely on navy and military patrols to protect them .
The Indian Ocean area most prone to piracy is roughly four times the size of Texas .
" We can't be everywhere at once , " he said .
" It 's incumbent on individual shipping companies that they are able to either conduct evasive maneuvers or use embarked security teams or even use such things as fire hoses to prevent attacks . "
Linda Albin , Luis Martinez , and Kirit Radia contributed to this report .
Designers often think up of ingenious ways to redefine common place products and items .
See for example this foldable staircase design from industrial designer Aaron Tang .
Though it basically looks and functions as a staircase , Aaron calls it a ‘ redefined door ’ as it is “ an element of a wall that allowed passageway to another environment when opened and restricted passageway when closed . ”
Using just hinges and pistons , the staircase can fold up a wall to expand space on the lower level or restrict access to the upper level .
Aaron ’s staircase is designed to be closed or opened from upstairs and downstairs .
[ Aaron ] [ Via ]
Description :
Incredible play from the Saints Redskins game .
Luck or skill ?
Tagged for : Sports , Skills , Lucky
Description : Handwritten affidavit by Cecil J. McWatters .
McWatters states that he was driving a bus at about 12:40 PM when he picked up a man , who told him that the President had been shot , and then a woman .
The woman did not believe that the President had been shot , and the man grinned .
McWatters does not recall where he let the man off .
He writes that the man looks like the # 2 man in the lineup he saw .
Creator : Dallas ( Tex . ) .
Police Department .
Item Type : Refine your search to only Legal Document
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) highlighted the fact that low interest rates in the U.S. , plus an apparent " one- way " bet against the dollar has created a global dollar carry - trade that is driving capital flows into emerging markets .
If not handled properly , this will lead to emerging market asset bubbles , which arguably have already begun to inflate .
We 've highlighted before how places like Hong Kong are seeing property prices go through the roof due to low U.S. interest rates .
The fact that the IMF is increasingly vocal on the subject suggests that this process is really starting to become quite substantial phenomenon in many countries .
IMF : There are indications that the U.S. dollar is now serving as the funding currency for carry trades .
These trades may be contributing to upward pressure on the euro and some emerging economy currencies .
Emerging economy authorities have been responding to capital inflows by accumulating reserves , and , in some cases , with capital controls and other measures , to slow the pace of appreciation .
Capital flows driven by yield differentials are complicating monetary policy responses in those economies where there may be a need to tighten — particularly in Asia .
...
Some emerging economies may need to absorb capital inflows and at the same time avoid compromising domestic financial and price stability .
With interest rates in advanced economies set to remain low for an extended period , and emerging economies poised to recover at a faster pace , the recent flow of capital into these economies may continue .
Read a PDF of the IMF 's recent report here .
The legality of a French crackdown on suspected tax evaders earlier this year has been thrown into doubt after it emerged that stolen data was among the mix of information used by financial investigators .
A list of 3,000 French nationals suspected of using Swiss banking secrecy to evade paying taxes included data handed over by a former IT worker for HSBC in Switzerland - without the bank 's permission - to the French authorities .
In a statement , HSBC in Switzerland confirmed a worker suspected of stealing information from the bank between 2006 and 2007 was prosecuted last year .
The data involved less than 10 accounts held by Geneva - based HSBC Private Bank , according to HSBC .
It 's unclear whether the unnamed worker involved was convicted of any offence .
French daily Le Parisien reports that the former bank staffer has fled to France and is living under judicial protection .
French daily Le Figaro claimed on Friday that up to 4,000 French clients of the bank , collectively holding € 6 billion ( $ 8.8 billion ) in assets in Switzerland , were named on the stolen list .
Only an unspecified proportion of those named on the list ( which sounds like a data dump , perhaps indexed by a residential address in France ) are suspected of tax evasion .
Eric Woerth , French budget minister , said this week that the tax evasion list was compiled from " several sources , not only that one " , a reference to the list of suspect provenance involving HSBC accounts , the FT reports .
Woerth added that the government did not pay for the HSBC data .
The Minister went on the say that French authorities are in the process of going through 1,400 dossiers , which they hope might bring in €500 million ( $ 730 million ) in tax revenues , according to Swiss reports .
More on the ongoing financial mystery can be be found in reports in The Times here and elsewhere here . ®
Posted on 19 November 2009 by ShepRamsey
If you ’re unfamiliar with the world in which Alan Moore ’s Watchmen takes place , then you wo n’t know that it ’s set in an alternate version of the year 1985 , where crime and corruption rule the streets .
You wo n’t know that , because a radioactive superhuman named Dr. Manhattan helped America achieve a rousing success in Vietnam , President Richard M. Nixon is now serving his fourth consecutive term in the White House .
You wo n’t know that the Cold War has reached its horrifying peak and total nuclear devastation is closer than ever .
And you certainly wo n’t know that it ’s all because of Biff Tannen .
As we all know ( unless you do n’t know … SPOILERS ahoy ) , at the end of Watchmen , Adrian Veidt ( aka Ozymandias ) successfully brought cataclysmic ruin to several major cities across the planet , subsequently uniting all countries , bringing world peace as the planet trembled in fear of a common enemy .
Depending on which version of the story you subscribe to — the original graphic novel or the film version from earlier this year — then that common enemy might be one of two different entities : a giant alien squid - monster or Dr. Manhattan .
However in both interpretations , that enemy is merely an illusion .
So who , you might ask , is the real enemy .
Well , the easy answer is obviously Adrian Veidt .
It was Veidt , after all , who thought up and organized the entire scheme .
His ultimate intentions might have been noble , but his methods themselves were …kind of fucked .
Or “ catastrophically poetic , ” one might call it .
Veidt was an intelligent and powerful man , this is most certainly true .
But I ’m searching a bit higher for the real man to blame .
It ’s not simply a question of who could have allowed for this to happen , but a quandary even larger than that : who could have molded a world in which this type of an event could have been imaginable ?
No , I ’m not speaking of Alan Moore .
I ’m speaking , of course , of Biff Tannen , the key antagonist ( other than Libyan terrorists and the space - time continuum itself ) from the popular science fiction franchise , Back to the Future .
According to a frighteningly familiar alternate 1985 from Back to the Future Part II , his trip to the racetrack on his 21st birthday made him a millionaire overnight .
He was overcome by the excitement of a fabulous winning streak that nicknamed him “ The Luckiest Man on Earth . ”
He then parlayed that lucky winning streak into the vast empire called Biffco , and in 1979 , he successfully lobbied to legalize gambling and turned Hill Valley ’s dilapidated courthouse into a beautiful casino - hotel .
To quote Tannen , “ I just wanna say one thing : God bless America . ”
His search for true love led him to his happiest moment , as in 1973 he realized his life - long romantic dream by marrying his high school sweetheart , Lorraine Baynes - McFly .
Third time ’s a charm .
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!
But was that the whole truth ?
Was he really “ The Luckiest Man on Earth ” or was there something more sinister at play ?
Of course there was .
There always is .
The real story behind the powerful multi-millionaire and face of Biffco is a far more deviant and perplexing tale that sent the history of the world as we know it into a skewed existence of fear , crime , and corruption .
As Doc Brown explains to Marty McFly , when — in the distant future of the year 2015 — an old sports almanac inadvertently wound up in the hands of an elderly , bitter , and wholly unremarkable Biff Tannen , he stole the Doc ’s time machine , enabling him to return to the year 1955 and set his future — and the future of the world — on an entirely different course .
Old Biff gave the almanac his younger self , instructing him to bet on games just as the almanac told him , and he would never lose .
No catch — just keep it a secret .
With the money he made , he started Biffco Industries and quickly became a multi-millionaire and a Mr. Potter - like presence in the city of Hill Valley , crushing the good and noble , and letting the slums overtake the town as he looked on from high atop his towering hotel casino .
Biff Tannen single - handedly reset the trajectory of the world , until we were found stuck in a 1985 that was quite unlike the one we had known before .
A 1985 where greed and corruption reigned supreme , where crime swept the streets , where Doc Brown had been committed to an asylum , and — according to the newspaper which bore the previous headline — Richard Nixon was seeking his fifth term in the White House .
Have you noticed this detail ?
Watch it again .
In the scene in which the Doc explains to Marty how this nightmarish rendition of the ( then - ) present came to be , pay close attention to the newspaper that he holds up , with the headlining article showing him being locked up in a straight - jacket .
Just to the right of that article is the headline — and undisputa ble proof that the alternate 1985 of Back to the Future Part II is one and the same as the alternate 1985 of Watchmen — “ Nixon to seek fifth term . ”
Is your mind not blown ?
If you though Quaid ’s musings on the four Doc Browns ( which then turned out to be five ) were enough to flux your capacitor , then this ought to speed you right up to 88 and send you back in time .
“ Oh , it ’s just a clever homage , ” you might say .
I say to hell with that !
Embrace your inner conspiracy theorist !
Bob Gale and Robert Zemeckis were knowingly expanding on the compelling world that Alan Moore created a few years prior .
Yes , friends , it was Biff Tannen who set the world on a crash - course towards mass destruction , Biff Tannen who created a world fit to be mutilated .
Had his older self not traveled back to 1955 , then the lives of millions and millions and millions would have been spared on that fateful day .
For all we know , the lab where Dr. Jon Osterman encountered the accident which changed him into Dr. Manhattan was owned by Biffco !
After all , the original 1985 had a history with no such event having taken place .
Dr. Manhattan never came to be , never intervened in Vietnam , never won the war and national trust of Richard Nixon , and set us on the course that inevitably led us to destruction .
It ’s only logical to assume that the responsibility for these events rests solely on the shoulders of Biff Tannen .
And yet there ’s a silver lining .
The devastation at the end of Watchmen united the entire world in a peace that had never been experienced before .
The Cold War tensions that had mounted until nearly minutes before Doomsday rocked the world literally ceased in an instant .
Brotherly love swept the earth in a way that — even in the era of the unmanipulated 1985 — we would surely have otherwise never seen .
And so , Biff Tannen , beacon of total destruction , can now be seen in a different light .
Were his own plans of a higher calling ?
Was he following a destiny that was to ultimately prove beneficial for all the citizens of the world ?
Or was it merely chance ?
Biff Tannen : Hero ?
Anti-hero ?
Or the most dangerous villain this world has ever seen ?
The world will look up and shout “ Save us ! ” And Biff Tannen will whisper “ Hello ?!
Anybody home ?
Think , McFly .
Think . ”
Like the article ?
To determine whether any given subject deserves an entry , Wikipedia uses the criterion of notability .
This lead to an interesting question :
Question 1 : What ’s the most notable subject that ’s not notable enough for inclusion in Wikipedia ?
Let ’s assume for now that this question has an answer ( “ The Answer ” ) , and call the corresponding subject X . Now , we have a second question whose answer is not at all obvious .
Question 2 : Is subject X notable merely by being The Answer ?
If the answer to Question 2 is “ no ” , then there ’s no problem , and we can all go home .
If the answer to Question 2 is “ yes ” , well , we have a contradiction , and in a manner similar to the interesting number paradox , it follows that Question 1 must have no answer , and so every conceivable subject must meet Wikipedia ’s notability criterion .
Take that , deletionists !
Here ’s the amusing thing : whether the answer to Question 2 is yes or no depends on where I publish this analysis .
If I publish it on my blog and no - one pays any attention , the answer to Question 2 is , most Wikipedians would likely agree , “ no ” .
But suppose I went to great trouble to convene a conference series on The Answer , was able to convince leading logicians and philosophers to take part , writing papers about The Answer , convinced a prestigious journal to publish the proceedings , arranged media coverage , and so on .
The Answer would then certainly have exceeded Wikipedia ’s notability guidelines , and thus the answer to Question 2 would be “ yes ” .
In other words , whether this is a paradox or not depends on where it ’s been published 🙂
( This line of thought was inspired by a lunchtime conversation two years ago with a group of physicists .
I do n’t remember who , or I ’d spread the blame . )
Update : A number of people have made comments along the lines of “ But are n’t you assuming a well - ordering ” / “ What if the most notable article is n’t unique ” and so on .
It ’s easy to modify Question 1 to deal with this : all that ’s needed is ( a ) for the set of non-notable subjects to be well - defined ; and ( b ) for there to be some way to pick out a unique one from that set .
Point ( a ) is , of course , debatable , but outside the scope of the game , which starts by assuming that the Notability policy is well - defined to start with .
With that , point ( b ) follows because the set of possible subjects on Wikipedia is a subset of the set of unicode strings , and is thus countable .
Welcome to the frenzy , now peaking at a Barnes & Noble near you :
In 2008 4,000 books were published on happiness , while a mere 50 books on the topic were released in 2000 .
The most popular class at Harvard University is about , and at least 100 other universities offer similar courses .
Happiness workshops for the post - collegiate set abound , and each day " life coaches " promising bliss to potential clients hang out their shingles .
In the late 1990s , psychologist of the University of Pennsylvania exhorted colleagues to scrutinize optimal moods with the same intensity with which they had for so long studied pathologies :
We 'd never learn about full human functioning unless we knew as much about mental wellness as we do about mental illness .
A new generation of psychologists built up a respectable body of research on positive character traits and happiness - boosting practices .
At the same time , developments in neuroscience provided new clues to what makes us happy and what that looks like in the brain .
Not to be outdone , behavioral economists piled on research subverting the classical premise that people always make rational choices that increase their well - being .
We 're lousy at predicting what makes us happy , they found .
It was n't enough that an array of academic strands came together , sparking a slew of insights into the sunny side of life .
Self - appointed experts jumped on the happiness bandwagon .
A shallow sea of yellow smiley faces , gurus , and purveyors of kitchen - table have strip - mined the science , extracted a lot of fool 's gold , and stormed the marketplace with guarantees to annihilate your worry , stress , anguish , dejection , and even ennui .
Once and for all !
All it takes is a little .
Or maybe a lot .
But all is not necessarily well .
According to some measures , as a nation we 've grown sadder and more during the same years that the happiness movement has flourished ; perhaps that 's why we 've eagerly bought up its offerings .
It may be that college students sign up for positive psychology lessons in droves because a full 15 percent of them report being clinically depressed .
There are those who see in the happiness brigade a glib and even dispiriting Pollyanna gloss .
So it 's not surprising that the happiness movement has unleashed a counterforce , led by a troika of academics .
Jerome Wakefield of New York University and Allan Horwitz of Rutgers have penned The Loss of Sadness : How Transformed Normal Sorrow into Depressive Disorder , and Wake Forest University 's Eric Wilson has written a defense of melancholy in Against Happiness .
They observe that our preoccupation with happiness has come at the cost of sadness , an important feeling that we 've tried to banish from our emotional repertoire .
Horwitz laments that young people who are naturally weepy after breakups are often urged to medicate themselves instead of working through their sadness .
Wilson fumes that our obsession with happiness amounts to a " craven disregard " for the melancholic perspective that has given rise to our greatest works of art .
" The happy man , " he writes , " is a hollow man . "
Both the happiness and anti-happiness forces actually agree on something important — that we Americans tend to grab superficial quick fixes such as extravagant purchases and fatty foods to subdue any negative feelings that overcome us .
Such measures seem to hinge on a belief that constant happiness is somehow our birthright .
Indeed , a body of research shows instant indulgences do calm us down — for a few moments .
But they leave us poorer , physically unhealthy , and generally more miserable in the long run — and lacking in the real skills to get us out of our rut .
Happiness is not about smiling all of the time .
It 's not about eliminating bad moods , or trading your Tolstoy - inspired nuance and ambivalence toward people and situations for cheery pronouncements devoid of critical judgment .
While the veritable experts lie in different camps and sometimes challenge one another , over the past decade they 've together assembled big chunks of the happiness puzzle .
What is happiness ?
The most useful definition — and it's one agreed upon by neuroscientists , psychiatrists , behavioral economists , positive psychologists , and Buddhist monks — is more like satisfied or content than " happy " in its strict bursting - with - glee sense .
It has depth and deliberation to it .
It encompasses living a meaningful life , utilizing your gifts and your time , living with thought and purpose .
It 's maximized when you also feel part of a community .
And when you confront annoyances and crises with grace .
It involves a willingness to learn and stretch and grow , which sometimes involves discomfort .
It requires acting on life , not merely taking it in .
It 's not joy , a temporary exhilaration , or even pleasure , that sensual rush — though a steady supply of those feelings course through those who seize each day .
There has been real progress in understanding happiness and how to get it .
Here are the greatest hits , as it were , that jump out from the research .
Some People Are Born Happy
Some lucky souls really are born with brighter outlooks than others ; they simply see beauty and opportunity where others hone in on flaws and dangers .
But those with a more ominous orientation can alter their outlook , at least to a point .
They can learn to internally challenge their fearful thoughts and negative assumptions — " she thinks I 'm an idiot , " " I 'm going to get fired , " " I 'll never be a good mom " — if not eliminate them altogether .
Engaging in positive internal dialogue is actually a mark of the mentally healthy .
Getting What You Want Does n't Bring Lasting Happiness
You think happiness would arrive if you were to win the lottery , or would forever fade away if your home were destroyed in a flood .
But human beings are remarkably adaptable .
After a variable period of adjustment , we bounce back to our previous level of happiness , no matter what happens to us .
( There are some scientifically proven exceptions , notably suffering the unexpected loss of a job or the loss of a spouse .
Both events tend to permanently knock people down a notch . )
Our adaptability works in two directions .
Because we are so adaptable , points out Sonja Lyubomirsky , a professor of psychology at the University of California , Riverside , we quickly get used to many of the accomplishments we strive for in life , such as landing the big job or getting married .
Soon after we reach a milestone , we start to feel that something is missing .
We begin coveting another worldly possession or eyeing a social advancement .
But such an approach keeps us tethered to the " , " where happiness is always just out of reach , one toy or one notch away .
It 's possible to get off the treadmill entirely , Lyubomirsky says , by focusing on activities that are dynamic , surprising , and - absorbing , and thus less likely to bore us than , say , acquiring shiny stuff .
Pain Is a Part of Happiness
Happiness is not your reward for escaping pain .
It demands that you confront negative feelings head - on , without letting them overwhelm you .
Russ Harris , a medical doctor - cum - counselor and author of The Happiness Trap , calls popular conceptions of happiness dangerous because they set people up for a " struggle against reality . "
They do n't acknowledge that real life is full of disappointments , loss , and inconveniences .
" If you 're going to live a rich and meaningful life , " Harris says , " you 're going to feel a full range of emotions . "
The point is n't to limit that palette of feelings .
After all , negative states cue us into what we value and what we need to change : for a loved one proves how much we cherish our relationships .
Frustration with several jobs in a row is a sign we 're in the wrong .
Happiness would be meaningless if not for sadness :
Without the contrast of darkness , there is no light .
Mindfulness Brings Happiness
, a mental state of relaxed awareness of the present moment , marked by and curiosity toward your feelings rather than judgments of them , is a powerful tool for experiencing happiness when practiced regularly .
" If you bring mindfulness to bear on negative feelings , they lose their impact .
Just let them be there without struggling against them , and you 'll eventually feel less anxiety and , " Harris says .
Do n't banish your negative feelings , but do n't let them get in the way of your taking productive actions , either .
Happiness Lies in the Chase
Action toward other than happiness makes us happy .
Though there is a place for vegging out and reading trashy novels , easy pleasures will never light us up the way mastering a new skill or building something from scratch will .
And it 's not crossing the finish line that is most rewarding ; it 's anticipating achieving your goal .
University of Wisconsin Richard Davidson has found that working hard toward a goal , and making progress to the point of expecting a goal to be realized , does n't just activate positive feelings — it also suppresses negative emotions such as and depression .
Yes , Money Buys Happiness — At Least Some Money and Some Happiness
Money does buy happiness , but only up to the point where it enables you to live comfortably .
Beyond that , more cash does n't boost your well - being .
But brings true joy , so striking it rich could in fact underwrite your happiness — if you were to give your wealth away .
Happiness Is Relative
Whether or not we are keeping up with the Joneses — a nagging thought known as status anxiety — affects how happy we are .
Some are more obsessed with status than others , but we 're all attuned to how we 're doing in life relative to those around us .
To stop status worries from gnawing at your happiness , choose your peer group carefully .
Owning the smallest mansion in a gated community could make you feel worse off than buying the biggest bungalow in a less affluent neighborhood .
Options Make Us Miserable
We 're constantly making decisions , ranging from what to eat for dinner each night to whom we should marry , not to mention all those flavors of ice cream .
We base many of our decisions on whether we think a particular preference will increase our well - being .
Intuitively , we seem convinced that the more choices we have , the better off we 'll ultimately be .
But our world of unlimited opportunity imprisons us more than it makes us happy .
In what Swarthmore psychologist Barry Schwartz calls " the paradox of choice , " facing many possibilities leaves us out — and less satisfied with whatever we do decide .
Having too many choices keeps us wondering about all the opportunities missed .
Happiness Is Other People
Positive psychologist Chris Peterson , a professor at the University of Michigan , says the best piece of advice to come out of his field is to make strong personal relationships your priority .
Good relationships are buffers against the damaging effects of all of life 's inevitable letdowns and setbacks .
Do Your Happiness Homework
You can increase positive feelings by incorporating a few proven practices into your routine .
Lyubomirsky suggests you express your gratitude toward someone in a letter or in a weekly journal , visualize the best possible future for yourself once a week , and perform acts of kindness for others on a regular basis to lift your mood in the moment and over time .
" Becoming happier takes work , but it may be the most rewarding and fun work you 'll ever do , " she says .
Happiness Hinges on Your Time Frame
Feeling happy while you carry out your day - to - day activities may not have much to do with how satisfied you feel in general .
Time skews our perceptions of happiness .
Parents look back warmly on their children 's preschool years , for example .
But Daniel Kahneman of Princeton University found that childcare tasks rank very low on the list of what makes people happy , below napping and watching TV .
And yet , if you were to step back and evaluate a decade of your life , would a spirited stretch of raising children or a steady stream of dozing off on the couch each day in between soap operas illustrate a " happier " time ?
Evaluate your well - being at the macro as well as the micro level to get the most accurate picture of your own happiness .
You 're Wrong About What Will Make You Happy and You 're Wrong About What Made You Happy
Harvard psychologist Daniel Gilbert discovered a deep truth about happiness :
Things are almost never as bad — or as good — as we expect them to be .
Your promotion will be quite nice , but it wo n't be a 24 - hour parade .
Your breakup will be very hard , but also instructive , and maybe even energizing .
We are terrible at predicting our future feelings accurately , especially if our predictions are based on our past experiences .
The past exists in our , after all , and memory is not a reliable recording device :
We recall beginnings and endings far more intensely than those long " middles , " whether they 're eventful or not .
So the horrible beginning of your vacation will lead you astray in deciding the best place to go next year .
Gilbert 's take - away advice is to forgo your own mental projections .
The best predictor of whether you 'll enjoy something is whether someone else enjoyed it .
So simply ask your friend who went to Mexico if you , too , should go there on vacation .
Happiness Is Embracing Your Natural Coping Style
Not everyone can put on a happy face .
Barbara
Held , a professor of psychology at Bowdoin College , for one , rails against " the tyranny of the positive attitude . "
" Looking on the bright side is n't possible for some people and is even counterproductive , " she insists .
" When you put pressure on people to cope in a way that does n't fit them , it not only does n't work , it makes them feel like a failure on top of already feeling bad . "
The one - size - fits - all approach to managing emotional life is misguided , agrees Julie Norem , author of The Positive Power of .
In her research , the Wellesley professor of psychology has shown that the defensive pessimism that anxious people feel can be harnessed to help them get things done , which in turn makes them happier .
A naturally pessimistic architect , for example , can set low expectations for an upcoming presentation and review all of the bad outcomes that she 's imagining , so that she can prepare carefully and increase her chances of success .
Happiness Is Living Your Values
If you are n't living according to your values , you wo n't be happy , no matter how much you are achieving .
Some people , however , are n't even sure what their values are .
If you 're one of them , Harris has a great question for you : " Imagine I could wave a magic wand to ensure that you would have the approval and admiration of everyone on the planet , forever .
What , in that case , would you choose to do with your life ? "
Once you 've answered honestly , you can start taking steps toward your ideal vision of yourself .
You can tape positive affirmations to your mirror , or you can cut up your advice books and turn them into a papier - mâché project .
It does n't matter , as long as you 're living consciously .
The state of happiness is not really a state at all .
It 's an ongoing personal experiment .
What happened when I tried to live on £ 65 a week
Hard times : Liz Jones tried to get by on benefits for a week
I am exhausted .
I can not move or think .
I look terrible , ugly .
I feel completely humiliated .
The reason ?
I have just spent a week trying to live on benefits .
I revealed in the Mail a couple of weeks ago how hopeless I am at living within my means , and that despite a hefty salary I am £ 150,000 in debt ( not including my horrendous , interest - only mortgage ; I do n't even have a pension ) .
I am pursued by credit card companies and HM Revenue and Customs men ( trust me , they are the Taliban of the money - collecting world , really aggressive and nasty ) and Santander bank ( ' Bloody Spaniard ! '
I yelled incongruously at one of their operators the other day ) .
So having realised that , what with the £ 8.95 toothpaste and the £ 26,000 bat sanctuary , perhaps I was overdoing the spending , I decided I 'd see whether I could survive on far less .
And if I was going to do that , why not go the whole hog and pretend I was unemployed ?
Now , at the end of my experiment living on the bottom rung of the ladder , I feel very ashamed .
I have a good salary , an education , I am a homeowner .
I am also broke , and I am certainly reckless and stupid , but I am not poor .
My week living on the single person 's jobseeker 's allowance of £ 64.30 has convinced me there is a great deal of difference between the two .
I was staggered how little I would be expected to live on .
And just as I had no idea how much unemployment benefit was , I also had no idea how much anything costs .
At the start of my experiment I could not have told you how much a litre of petrol costs , or a pint of milk , or my broadband service , or a bar of soap .
I had never thought about it .
Now , I think about nothing else .
I have had to say , out loud , four words I have never uttered before : ' I can't afford it . '
At the start of the week , I sat down and made a list of all the ways I am profligate , so see what I could eradicate in one fell swoop .
Whenever I need a phone number , I automatically dial 118 000 .
That would have to stop , but I do n't have a Phone Book ( do they still exist ? ) and I could no longer afford my broadband package , which is over £ 100 a month .
My grooming routine , month in , month out , costs £ 800 every four weeks
I drive a BMW and never use public transport .
I always have the central heating on full and walk around in a T - shirt .
I frequently order films on Sky Box Office , watch them for five minutes , then change the channel .
The Sky package would have to go , but how on earth do you get Freeview ?
And how on earth do pensioners cope trying to find out if I can't ?
To be honest , giving up all my TV channels became the most difficult sacrifice all week : with no money , I could n't go out ( to the cinema , are you joking ? ) and telly remained my only solace .
At least when I was growing up there were just three channels that pretty much everyone could afford and talk about the next day .
I spend a huge amount on beauty treatments and products .
I reluctantly cancelled all my appointments for the week : hair colour at Jo Hansford in Mayfair , leg and Brazilian wax at Paul Edmonds in Knightsbridge , visit to Space NK to stock up on products , a visit to my oral hygienist on Harley Street .
Leaving the BMW behind : Liz was forced to take a bus for the first time in years
This is my grooming routine , month in , month out , and I have only just added up the cost : £ 800 every four weeks .
I conjured up the sight of my mum 's dressing table , with its sad little pot of Vaseline and flask of Yardley talc , her only beauty products .
If she ever wore mascara , an old wand covered in lint , she just let it ' wear off ' .
I had n't realised how spoilt I had become .
So I embarked on a poor person 's grooming routine .
I phoned my local dentist .
' Of course you can join our practice ! ' the receptionist said cheerily .
As someone who has always enjoyed the services of a private GP , gynaecologist and dentist , I suddenly marvelled at the NHS .
I asked for an appointment to see the hygienist , which I learned would only set me back £ 16.50 instead of my usual £ 75 .
Money puts you in a thoughtless cocoon .
It was as if I 'd been wearing really dark ( designer , obviously ) shades and someone had rudely whipped them off
' There must be a snag , ' I said suspiciously .
' There is , ' the receptionist replied .
' The first available appointment is in February . '
Next , I shaved my legs , something I have n't done since the late Seventies , but which was fine , to be honest .
Bereft of Jo Hansford , I set off for my local pharmacy to buy hair dye ( oh , the humiliation .
My colourist will never forgive me ; I now have the sort of jet black hair that would be at home on the head of an old hag ) .
But that was not all : even the four - mile journey became a mission , as I figured someone on benefits would not have a BMW sports car ; the insurance alone would be crippling .
I stood vaguely at a bus stop , a two mile walk from my home , hoping no one would see me .
Nothing came along and so I walked .
The whole way .
I walk the dogs for two hours just for fun , but this sort of traipsing felt altogether different .
It took ages and suddenly I understood that when you have no money the simplest task becomes Herculean .
I thought of all the times I had whizzed past a certain old lady , back bent in a dowager 's hump , pulling a shopping trolley along the country road near my house that has no path , and found myself wondering why it had never occurred to me to pull alongside and see if she needed a lift .
Money puts you in a thoughtless cocoon .
It was as if I 'd been wearing really dark ( designer , obviously ) shades and someone had rudely whipped them off .
Tightening her belt :
Having the central heating on full blast all day was now out of the question and the cat needed a cheaper dinner than fresh cod
When it came to buying food , my week on meagre rations brought back long buried memories from my childhood .
My mum , with seven children to feed , thought up all sorts of tricks so we would n't realise how poor we were .
She only ever ate bird - sized portions of food herself so we would have enough to go round .
If she made a beef stew , she would only give herself the gravy .
Then there was her trick of serving ' half and half ' : this was milk diluted with water .
There was her ' Russian salad ' , which we had every Friday : boiled rice with peas .
I realised that I might just have to follow her lead for the first time ever .
Eschewing my usual box of organic goodies delivered at home by Riverford Organics , I popped to my ' local ' ( how hollow that word sounds on Exmoor when you do n't have a car ) Co-op .
They do n't like me in this shop because I once wrote they were stupid for never having heard of Illy coffee beans .
I wandered round , picking up things , planning meals involving dented tins and big potatoes , wondering how on earth I would bring myself to purchase a bottle of wine that cost below my usual £ 25 benchmark .
I looked around me at harassed parents in Primark and for the first time I understood why there were in there
I figured my 17 cats would have to stop eating fresh cod and make do with Whiskas .
How women feed children these days , I simply do not know .
I balked at the cost of a bottle of fizzy water and was tempted by the cheap cider .
I looked at the teenager at the till and thought how awful I must have seemed a couple of weeks before when I had marched up to her and said ' Why is your wine so cheap ?
Do n't you have anything vaguely expensive ? ' , and I humbly apologised .
I ventured to London for the day , just to see which was the more excruciating : being poor in a city or being poor in a remote rural village , which is where I live .
I figured I could n't afford to drive to London , given the price of petrol ( and they do n't even throw in a pump attendant for good measure ! ) , the congestion charge and parking .
Unable to use the internet any more , I phoned First Great Western trains .
' Do you do a reduced fare for the unemployed ? '
I asked her , feeling brave that I had even said those words .
' No , we do n't .
The fare is £ 65 . '
Only after I insisted she must be wrong did she go away , ask someone for help ( all the while keeping me hanging on the phone , running up a bill ) and come back with the news : ' If you are unemployed the off - peak fare would be £ 32.50 . '
This fare is part of Labour 's New Deal , but to qualify I would have had to have been out of work for six months first .
Big spender : Previously , Liz has n't given a second thought to splashing the cash on designer clothes and beauty treatments
When I finally got to London , all the shiny , bright , Christmassy shops seemed to mock me as I slunk around .
It was as if a whole world was closed to me .
I can see now how so many mums hate this time of year : the intense pressure to buy presents , the feeling you have failed if everything is n't perfect and you have n't spent a fortune on your family .
Even watching TV , seeing all the Christmas commercials where families are warm , rosy - cheeked , surrounded by stuff , made me feel nauseous and panicky knowing I could n't afford anything .
I looked around me at harassed parents in Primark and for the first time I understood why there were in there .
How awful they must have always thought me , banging on in this paper about designer this and high end that .
I can understand , too , why anything organic or Fair Trade is as unattainable as a suite at Claridge 's when you are impoverished .
When you have no money , you not only do n't think about children in other countries , you do n't even think about tomorrow or next week .
All your energy is consumed by getting through the day .
I had several unpleasant moments in London , one of which occurred when I was ejected from a bendy bus .
( Relatively ) sane , intelligent women now think it is absolutely essential , their right , to spend £ 50 on a candle in order to ' de - stress '
As I discovered in front of a packed bus full of amused passengers , drivers no longer take coins , and there is no conductor .
Everyone laughed at me when I stood at the front , pleading with the driver , telling him I have no idea what an Oyster card is .
There were smaller incidents , as simple as trying to find a reasonably priced cup of coffee ( '£ 3.75 for a soya latte ?
Are you insane ? ' ) .
These are the daily indulgences that have become second nature to so many of us , but which , when you have far less than £ 100 to live on a week , seem like a monstrous waste of money .
The most humiliating incident of the entire week happened when I went to a pawn shop in Islington , having decided I would part company with a string of pearls given to me by my dad when I turned 18 .
The nice Indian man inside told me business was booming .
I extracted my velvet - lined case from my designer handbag which , having cost £ 1,000 , I was beginning to resent , like an ex-wife hanging around my neck demanding alimony .
He took the necklace away .
I felt a lump in my throat .
He came back .
' These pearls are not real , ' he said .
' They are plastic , maybe worth a pound . '
' Are you sure ? ' I said .
He pushed them back under the thick security glass .
I started to cry .
Not because my dad had bought me plastic pearls , passing them off as real ones .
But because my parents had been unable to buy nice things .
And I knew now how hard that must have been , how guilty they would have felt - just like those mothers in Primark trying to eke out the best they could for their children .
A second pivotal moment was when I met a girlfriend for a drink .
She asked me to meet her at the Sanderson Hotel , the sort of trendy , loud , super expensive place that is usually as natural to me as a pond to a goldfish , and I did n't have the guts to say no .
She was already sitting at a table waiting for me .
In front of her was a drained champagne flute .
Before last week , it had never occurred to me to look at the prices on the wine list , but on that day I did .
My head reeled : £ 9.50 for a glass of champagne .
My friend ordered two glasses .
The waiter brought nuts .
' No nuts ! '
I shouted , in case they would cost extra .
At the end of our gossip , my friend stood up to leave .
She was off to dinner at an organic pub .
I kept hoping she would toss a note on the table as her contribution , but she did n't .
I was left with the bill not just for the drinks we'd had together , but for the one she had downed waiting for me .
And I realised this was how I was used to being treated .
Because friends and family think I have a lot of money , they always assume I will pick up the tab .
' Ah , ' I thought , seriously considering making a run for it , ' so that is why people spend time with me . '
I suddenly wanted back all the expensive gifts I had showered on my friends : the Diptyque candles with a smell dreamed up by John Galliano ( my calling card ) .
Is n't the luxury goods industry clever : even ( relatively ) sane , intelligent women now think it is absolutely essential , their right , to spend £ 50 on a candle in order to ' de - stress ' .
We have been brainwashed into literally burning money .
But if getting by in London with no money can be desperate and humiliating , doing the same in a rural village can be terribly hard .
On Exmoor , the average wage if you can even find a bloody job is under £ 13,000 and most of the cheaper places to live are snapped up by outsiders like me .
Here , being poor can not only be isolating and almost impossible to escape from , it can be a sentence to a slow , lonely death .
On one of my long walks to find sustenance during my week with almost no money , I thought I 'd drop in on a friend to thank her for having taken me to a film in the town hall .
I got lost and stopped at a bungalow to ask for directions .
The place looked neglected .
Even a couple of the windows were boarded up .
I was about to turn and leave when a little old lady opened the front door nervously .
She said she had seen me around the place in my BMW and wondered why I was on foot .
I told her .
She started to tell me what it is like to live on a pension and it was as sobering an experience as anything I 'd faced all week .
When I totted up my spending , I found I 'd got through £ 265 ( not including my train fares ) , which begs the question : how on earth do people survive on £ 64.30 a week ?
So have these few days changed the way I feel about money enough to affect the way I live ?
Let 's just say that from now on I 'll get by with a tube of Colgate and a few repeats on ITV .
Just do n't expect me to buy an Oyster card .
I hate buses .
In Harlem , 1987 .
Sixteen year old Claireece Jones - who goes by her middle name Precious - is illiterate and overweight .
She is pregnant with her second child , both children fathered by her biological father , who has continually raped her since she was a child , but who she does n't see otherwise .
Her infant daughter , Mongo - such named since she has Down Syndrome - lives with Precious ' grandmother .
Precious lives with her mother Mary , who abuses Precious both physically and emotionally .
Mary does nothing but smoke , watch television and collect welfare through fraud ( as she does n't ever look for a job ) and believes that education does nothing for Precious , who she would rather also collect welfare if only to bring money into the household .
To escape her life , Precious often daydreams of herself in glamorous situations .
Because of her current pregnancy , Precious ' principal transfers her into an alternative school .
In dealing with the school 's sympathetic teacher Miss Blu Rain , Precious ... Written by Huggo
Today at HacPDX
I did more work on the Judy bindings described yesterday .
Here is judy 0.2.1 up ( lunchtime release ) .
These are bindings to the ( in ) famous judy arrays library , allowing Haskell keys and values to be stored in fast , mutable maps and hash structures .
You can currently index via words ( i.e. you have to hash keys yourself ) , and you can store value types or pointers to Haskell values allocated with stable pointers .
Today , I started by filling out the API some more , and benchmarking of how each API function scales .
The functions I ’m interested in are :
size :: JudyL a -> IO Int insert :: JA a => Key -> a -> JudyL a -> IO ( ) lookup :: JA a => Key -> JudyL a -> IO ( Maybe a ) delete :: Key -> JudyL a -> IO ()
Let ’s see how the performance of these functions scales with input .
Benchmarking is performed via criterion ( newly released to the public ! ) with random input keys and values generated from the mersenne twister .
Implementation methodology
My general strategy with constructing a high performance Haskell library is to :
Pick a candidate benchmark set .
Pick a good candidate data structure to make the benchmark faster .
Carefully implement the type , or the binding to the foreign type and its representation in Haskell
Carefully abstract out the unsafeties in any low level interface via type or language features .
Function - by - function , check by eye the optimized code that GHC produces ( with ghc - core ) ( in particular , inlining , specialization and unboxing ) .
Function - by - function , benchmark the absolute performance as input grows ( with criterion ) , with reference to model structures .
Use QuickCheck to show correctness against a model , with HPC to confirm code coverage of the test .
Document extensively with haddock .
Collect ideas on how to generalize the interface ( via type classes , more flexible types , representation - changing interfaces via type families ) .
size
The size function tells you how many keys are in the Judy array .
It has O ( 1 ) complexity , as we see from empirical measurement , here with randomized arrays with Int values and keys .
We get the same cost whether it is 100k , 1 M or 10 million elements in the structure .
size is fast and scales .
lookup
A common operation on associative arrays is lookup ( ) .
It better be fast , and not degrade .
If we plot the mean lookup times against N , we ’ll see the lookup time grows slowly ( taking twice as long when the data is 100 times bigger ) .
( N.B. I forgot to change the titles on the above graphs ) .
delete
Delete has an almost identical profile to insert , unsurprisingly .
Time to delete an element grows very slowly with N , and in absolute terms if very fast .
Enlarge Dust disks that surround supposed black holes , such as the one circling giant star M33 - X7 in this artist 's representation , could be orbiting so - called quark stars .
Think black holes are strange ?
Understandable , considering these powerhouses of the universe ( many times heavier than our sun ) are collapsed stars with gravity so strong that even light cannot escape their grasp .
But maybe they 're not " strange " enough , some astrophysicists suggest .
" Stellar " black holes , ones only a few times heavier than the sun , may actually be something even weirder called a quark star , or " strange " star .
A physics team led by Zoltan Kovacs of the University of Hong Kong sizes up the issue in the current Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Quark stars are only theoretical right now , but " the observational identification of quarks stars would represent a major scientific achievement , " Kovacs says .
If quark stars exist , it could prove a theory that normal matter – the stuff of people , planets and stars – is n't stable and could help explain the existence of the " dark matter " that fills much of the universe .
First suggested in 1970 , a strange star is a collapsed star that does n't quite crumple enough to turn into a full - fledged black hole and yet is too heavy to become a so - called neutron star ( at least 1.4 times heavier than the sun . )
Neutron stars do exist , as astronomer Jocelyn Bell showed with the discovery of a pulsar , a spinning neutron star that streams particles from its poles .
In a quark star , gravity would be so strong that it squeezes the subatomic particles called quarks right out of the protons and neutron building blocks of the original star 's atoms .
That would leave behind a solid mass of quark stuff called strange matter , hence the name " strange star . "
Earlier in the decade , astronomers suggested that a neutron star called RX J1856 , about 400 light - years away ( one light - year is about 5.9 trillion miles ) was about one - third too small and might be a quark star .
But a 2004 Nuclear Physics B journal report showed the star 's intense magnetic field explained its size , so it really was a neutron star .
So , if size alone wo n't reveal a quark star , what will ?
In the new study , Kovacs and his colleagues , Cheng Kwong - sang and Tiberiu Harko , analyze the disks of dust and gas circling supposed black holes .
Whipped to high speeds by the intense gravity of a black hole , these disks are thought to heat to high temperatures and emit powerful radiation .
For a quark star , the radiation would be about 10 % less than predicted around a black hole , they find .
And a quark star would give off a dim light ( called bremsstrahlung emission ) , unlike a black hole , emitted by a thin layer of electrons on its surface .
Do n't expect to see bremsstrahlung emissions any time soon , Kovacs says ; observations will take years to make , because the best targets are so distant .
" If we just found one object that was made of strange matter and was stable , that would be an amazing result , " says astrophysicist Mark Alford of Washington University in St. Louis .
The find would confirm a " strange - matter hypothesis , " suggesting that normal matter will decay into strange matter if it comes into contact with some of the stuff .
" It would be a great surprise to most physicists , and most people I think , to discover that matter as we know it is not stable , and it all really ' wants ' to turn in to strange matter , " Alford adds .
So , in theory , like " Ice - 9 " in Kurt Vonnegut 's novel Cat's Cradle , strange matter could eat up the universe .
But Manjari Bagchi of India 's Inter University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics in Pune says studying pulsar pairs will reveal whether quark stars exist sooner , based purely on their orbits , not on the brightness or dimness of the stars .
Or finding a neutron star that weighs less than the sun would mean that it has to be a quark star , he says , because neutron stars would n't have enough gravity to hold their neutrons together at that size .
If strange matter exists , though , Alford suggests it might be the culprit for the dark matter observed only by its gravitational effects .
Although dark matter can't be seen ( it 's literally dark to telescopes ) , it outweighs normal matter by about six times , judged by its gravitational effects throughout the universe .
Some dark matter might just be " strangelets " roaming the cosmos , blasted free from quark stars .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Earl Devaney says he can’t certify whether the number of jobs ‘ created or saved ’ by stimulus funds is accurate .
Official : Can't certify job stats
The chief federal oversight official for the stimulus program said in a letter Wednesday that he can’t certify whether the number of jobs “ created or saved ” by stimulus funds is accurate .
Recovery Board Chairman Earl Devaney was responding to a request for information by Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) , the top Republican on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
In a letter to Issa dated Nov. 17 , Devaney wrote , “ Your letter specifically asks if I am able to certify that the number of jobs reported as created / saved on Recovery.gov is accurate and auditable .
No , I am not able to make this certification . ”
Advertisement
The Obama administration claimed that it saved or created at least 1 million jobs this year .
But errors in the stimulus job creation data have become a political hot potato , as the administration has been hit by news reports revealing that data it posted on recovery.gov includes jobs allegedly created in congressional districts that do n’t exist .
However , Devaney said , by posting the information about stimulus spending on the Internet for every American to see , the administration will be able to correct any errors in the data as they are pointed out .
“ I am confident that we have established a process that will lead to increasingly higher levels of accuracy in the future , ” he wrote .
Issa reacted to Devaney ’s comments with outrage Wednesday morning .
“ This just confirms what we already know , that the Administration cannot certify info on recovery.gov as accurate and auditable , ” Issa said .
“ The man charged with providing accountability for stimulus spending cannot verify the accuracy of the job reports that the Administration – filtered through OMB – have provided him . ”
Liz Oxhorn , White House Spokesperson for the Recovery Act , said , “ It ’s no surprise that critics who voted against the Recovery Act want to raise doubts about the number of jobs it has created .
While the data may be imprecise , the overall conclusion that can be drawn from it is irrefutable - and the direct job count is just one part of the Recovery Act 's overall results . ”
Rep. David Obey , ( D - Wis. ) , also blasted the errors in a statement this week : “ The inaccuracies on recovery.gov that have come to light are outrageous and the administration owes itself , the Congress , and every American a commitment to work night and day to correct the ludicrous mistakes , " the House Appropriations Committee Chairman said in a statement .
“ Credibility counts in government and stupid mistakes like this undermine it , ” Obey said .
“ We ’ve got too many serious problems in this country to let that happen . ”
Recovery Board spokesman Ed Pound said the fictitious congressional districts were simply the result of fund recipients entering the wrong information on their reports to the government .
“ This is simply human error , ” he said .
“ It does n’t affect the jobs created or saved , and it does n’t affect our ability to provide oversight . ”
“ This is the downside to transparency , ” he said .
“ There ’s been nothing like this in the government before .
When you have this kind of access to raw data , there ’s going to be errors . ”
Be a part of the daily political debate with PROJECT POLITICO powered by YouTube .
Click here to submit your video now and be featured on POLITICO.com .
Since 1992 , almost eight hundred journalists have been killed for doing their job , and the graph of the annual total rises steadily upward over time .
Many thousands more have been imprisoned , including — just to put one name on the statistic —
Thet Zin , an editor of the Myanmar Nation weekly in Rangoon , who was arrested shortly before I was to meet him on a trip to Burma last year , and who is serving a seven - year sentence for possessing a report issued by the United Nations special envoy to Burma for human rights .
The one organization that can be counted on to keep alive the names and fates of these easily forgotten men and women is the Committee to Protect Journalists .
Every year , CPJ holds a fundraising gala at the Waldorf - Astoria in midtown Manhattan .
The event allows CPJ to continue for another year doing its job of defending journalists around the world — calling attention to murders , threats , attacks , and imprisonments , lobbying for journalists ’ safety and release , supporting endangered journalists and their families and survivors .
There ’s no way to pay for this necessary work other than to sell tables for a dinner in the grand ballroom , and invite members of the media world , who arrive in tuxedos and evening dresses , and are waited on as they eat and drink and listen ( or not ) to introductory speeches by media luminaries .
I ’ve attended a number of these dinners , including last Tuesday ’s , and invariably the same thing happens .
At just the moment when any half - conscious journalist is beginning to feel a little sick — sick of the rich food , of the self - congratulatory tone , of the overdressed guests , of himself or herself , of the gap between what we say we do and what we aspire to do and what we all - too - often really do — it ’s at that moment that the hosts announce the winners of the year ’s awards .
Along with the awards come videos that tell the recipients ’ stories .
The hum of chatter across the tables suddenly dies — for the stories are of brave , humorous , quietly defiant men and women , rareties and eccentrics who nonetheless seem to exist in every country , upholding high journalistic standards in the world ’s most dangerous places , with no powerful backers , and almost no one paying attention except government thugs or anonymous gunmen .
Then , unless they ’re in jail or otherwise prevented from travelling , the awardees themselves come to the podium , and they say a few modest and inspiring words , which often require an interpreter , always making sure to mention the colleagues and friends back home who have been killed or imprisoned or are still at work .
And sometimes they pay homage to the renowned example of the luminaries in the room .
By that point , any half - conscious journalist is burning with shame and admiration .
Last Tuesday , CPJ honored an Azerbaijani investigative reporter named Eynulla Fatullayev , a Sri Lankan columnist named J. S. Tissainayagam ( both currently in prison ) , a Tunisian editor named Naziha Rejiba , the New York Times reporter and columnist Anthony Lewis , and a Somali radio correspondent named Mustafa Haji Abdinur , who is only twenty - seven .
Given the extreme chaos of Mogadishu , where there is no state at all that can be pressured to protect the press , his presence was especially powerful .
After Abdinur ’s speech , delivered in flawless English , I spoke briefly with him .
He originally came from Baidoa , where he had gone from being an English teacher to translating international news reports for the local radio station .
After militiamen forced the station to close , he moved to Mogadishu , became a correspondent for Agence France Presse , and started his own news station .
Some of his friends were killed , and he received numerous threats .
He moved his family to Hargeisa , in Somaliland , but he stayed on in Mogadishu , living in his office .
“ All the stories I cover in Somalia are about violence , ” Abdinur said .
I asked how he managed to stay alive — did he need to cultivate relationships with the various armed factions ?
“ That means you compromise with them , ” he said .
“ The only contact I have with them is for news .
It ’s not that they are allowing us to do our work — they are not pleased with us .
But it ’s our work , and we insist on doing it . ”
In this country , the standing of journalism has never been lower , and in some ways deservedly so .
The American media is hardly worthy of honoring Mustafa Hajj Abdinur : we should emulate him , not the other way around , which is why those CPJ galas always leave me feeling equally inspired and depressed .
But whenever you ’re tempted to throw your remote control at the yappers on cable news , remember what Abdinur told the gala audience last Tuesday :
As designers , we all know that a minimalist design can achieve beautiful results .
Still , many designers have trouble creating one ; either they have a hard time making a page with so few elements look good or the final result just does n’t look “ complete . ”
There are many articles on the Web about minimalism and this article aims to help you achieve a minimalist design that is beautiful but not bare .
To top it off , we ’ll present a small showcase of minimalist designs , so that you can analyze why some designs work and others do n’t .
What Is Minimalist Design ?
Minimalist design has been described as design at its most basic , stripped of superfluous elements , colors , shapes and textures .
Its purpose is to make the content stand out and be the focal point .
From a visual standpoint , minimalist design is meant to be calming and to bring the mind down to the basics .
The design movement began in Switzerland and was then applied to a variety of media : graphic design , architecture , music , literature , painting and , more recently , web design .
Although minimalist design took off decades ago , the early days of the Internet did not show it .
Even without the rotating logos , marquees and bright colors , website designs were cluttered and overbearing .
We ’ll go over the basic principles of minimalist design .
But even if you choose not to pursue a minimalist aesthetic , the lessons here can help you simplify your design , whatever your style .
Less Is More
As mentioned , minimalism brings the most important content to the forefront and minimizes distractions for the user .
If a page has too many elements , the viewer will be confused about where to look or misinterpret the priority of each element .
A minimalist design puts the focus squarely on the content .
Any splash of color on a black - and - white design , for example , is sure to get the user ’s attention .
The color itself becomes the focal point .
Let ’s look at a specific example :
You ’ve probably seen this kind of design before : plain white background , one block of content and one graphic element .
The graphic element brings color , texture and shape .
It is clearly the most important element on the page , and it defines the designer ’s brand and identity .
With the complexity of this particular graphic element , more content on this page would have made it less noticeable , and less important .
Keeping the content to a minimum , the designer has achieved the perfect balance .
How to Minimize Content
The first step to creating a minimalist design , or just simplifying a layout , is not simply to cut out most of the graphics , but rather to rethink the content and strip it to the bare requirements .
Only then will the most important elements on the page achieve their intended effect .
Just as you would plan any website , write down what content you need : logo , introduction , navigation , etc .
Cut out anything else that is not essential .
Throw out as much as possible .
Below are some elements you probably do not need .
Keep in mind that this is just a guide .
Your exact requirements will depend on your particular design .
Some of the items below may not be required for your website .
Icons or graphics for social media , or a social media section at all
Taglines and supplementary descriptions or introductions
“ Featured , ” “ Popular ” and “ Recent ” lists ( including Twitter and RSS feed lists )
Pages with more than three major sections ( e.g. “ Introduction , ” “ About ” and “ Services ” )
Secondary navigation pages .
The point here is not to make the website less functional , but rather to cut out unnecessary elements ( and thus highlight the necessary ones ) or to combine sections into a simpler layout ( for example , by incorporating your social media links into the “ About ” or introductory section ) .
You could also divide content into separate pages , giving each piece of content more attention .
How to Simplify the Design
Now it ’s time to simplify the design as much as possible .
Minimalist designs should have little texture , color , shape , lines , content or type .
Go too bare , though , and the design will be boring .
Rather than dumping everything out , give the design appeal by making just one important feature the focal point .
Choose what that focus will be , and keep the tips below in mind as you work through your design .
Use a Great Wireframe
In browsing the showcase section below , we see that some designers have added visual interest with subtle bursts of color , unique typography or interesting shapes .
Perhaps the most important element they have all relied on , though , is a unique wireframe .
Creating a wireframe for such a bare page requires a bit of extra attention .
With the correct wireframe , you can achieve the right hierarchy and organization and create visual interest .
To come up with a wireframe , follow these steps :
Decide on what content you absolutely need
In a list , prioritize the content
Sketch a few wireframes based on your list to experiment with the best visual hierarchy .
When working out the wireframe , consider placement but also visual treatment .
For example , if your logo has a color that you do not reuse elsewhere in the design , you have to account for that .
White Space
White space is practically synonymous with minimalism .
No matter how creative you are with it , a minimalist design without plenty of white space is not really minimalist at all .
So , be sure to add more white space around elements than you normally would .
The space is needed to balance the few elements that will appear on the page .
Balance , Alignment , Contrast
While much of the load can be carried by white space and a good wireframe , special care should be taken with the fundamentals of design .
The three biggest related to minimalism are balance , alignment and contrast .
Be sure that your design adheres to these principles and that it does not need supplementary visual aids to look “ finished . ”
Keep other basic design principles in mind , too .
Review them and experiment with different options to achieve the best result .
Check out “ The Principles of Design ” for more ideas .
When Over -Designing Becomes a Habit
Over - designing sometimes becomes a habit .
No matter how hard you try to keep a design simple , it comes out messy and complex .
To fix this , we must form new habits .
Try reviewing the tips above before each project to keep them in mind during the process .
Focus on developing one habit at a time .
For example , work on reducing and simplifying the content before moving on to white space .
If you find yourself in a tough spot thinking , “ Something ’s missing , ” first try taking something out , rather than putting something new in .
Every aspect of minimalism requires a different talent .
Your designs will become simpler the more you put these principles into practice .
Taking it further , once you have applied the techniques discussed here , look at the finished product and see if you can find ways to simplify the result even further .
You could focus on areas that you were unsure of during the design process , and you could ask other designers to point out elements you may have missed .
Minimalist Showcase
Below is a brief showcase of minimalist designs .
See how each of these implements the principles we have discussed .
Also see which ones break our guidelines , and think of why they still work .
1. James Day Photo
2. Killswitch Collective
3. Lonely
4. DBushell
5. XPD.no
6. Toy NY
7. Joshua Serbus
8. Ah - Studio
9. Symour Powell
10 . Icon Werk
11 . Neil Wilson Architects
12 . Non-Format
13 . Zaum
14 . Checkland Kindlysides
15 . Blumenthal
16 . Tink London
17 . Proud Creative
18 . Kimag
19 . Bernat Fortet
20 . All Day
Some Trends
As you can see , minimalist web design has some clear trends .
Being aware of these trends helps us improve our designs in a number of ways .
Not only are we able to take inspiration from the layouts that other designers have worked so hard on , but we can consciously break from these trends to forge our own innovative path .
Let ’s discuss a few of these trends in further detail .
Black and White
One of the most noticeable trends is extensive use of black and white .
This is obvious enough : color should be simplified along with texture , shape and content .
But it can be overdone these days and look a little boring .
Look at a few websites that have defined colors in the showcase above , and see how they stand out from other minimalist designs .
Also , think of how they manage to stay minimalist even with such strong use of color .
Here ’s one example :
Interesting Typography
Typography - based Web design is closely tied to minimalism .
When designers have very little else to excite the user , they often seize on interesting typography .
You could even go so far as to use typography as the sole visual element .
This is a daring technique but still a trend in itself .
Look for ways to make typography enhance the design while remaining unique .
Flash
A surprising number of minimalist web designs are Flash - based .
With so little else for visual stimulation , a design could benefit from subtle animation ( such as text fading in and out ) without being overpowering .
Also , Flash removes certain limitations in the design process .
Unconventional wireframes , typography and other elements can be easier to achieve with Flash than by traditional methods .
Wrapping Up
Minimalist design comes in many forms , and yet we too often see the same form repeated .
Trends can become overbearing , and we must fight the urge to imitate while understanding what it is about a trend that makes sense .
In any case , minimalism can be beautiful and will be around for years to come , so learning some of its techniques can be incredibly beneficial , whether for your clients or for your own projects .
And even if you ’re not interested in the minimalist style , the lessons and principles involved can help you simplify your designs , which is always a good thing .
Written exclusively for Webdesigner Depot by Kayla Knight .
So , what makes minimalist design so effective , and when should we avoid it ?
Please share your comments below …
Node.js is genuinely exciting
I gave a talk on Friday at Full Frontal , a new one day JavaScript conference in my home town of Brighton .
I ended up throwing away my intended topic ( JSONP , APIs and cross - domain security ) three days before the event in favour of a technology which first crossed my radar less than two weeks ago .
That technology is Ryan Dahl ’s Node .
It ’s the most exciting new project I ’ve come across in quite a while .
At first glance , Node looks like yet another take on the idea of server - side JavaScript , but it ’s a lot more interesting than that .
It builds on JavaScript ’s excellent support for event - based programming and uses it to create something that truly plays to the strengths of the language .
Node describes itself as “ evented I /O for V8 javascript ” .
It ’s a toolkit for writing extremely high performance non-blocking event driven network servers in JavaScript .
Think similar to Twisted or EventMachine but for JavaScript instead of Python or Ruby .
Evented I/O ?
As I discussed in my talk , event driven servers are a powerful alternative to the threading / blocking mechanism used by most popular server - side programming frameworks .
Typical frameworks can only handle a small number of requests simultaneously , dictated by the number of server threads or processes available .
Long - running operations can tie up one of those threads — enough long running operations at once and the server runs out of available threads and becomes unresponsive .
For large amounts of traffic , each request must be handled as quickly as possible to free the thread up to deal with the next in line .
This makes certain functionality extremely difficult to support .
Examples include handling large file uploads , combining resources from multiple backend web APIs ( which themselves can take an unpredictable amount of time to respond ) or providing comet functionality by holding open the connection until a new event becomes available .
Event driven programming takes advantage of the fact that network servers spend most of their time waiting for I /O operations to complete .
Operations against in - memory data are incredibly fast , but anything that involves talking to the filesystem or over a network inevitably involves waiting around for a response .
With Twisted , EventMachine and Node , the solution lies in specifying I/O operations in conjunction with callbacks .
A single event loop rapidly switches between a list of tasks , firing off I/O operations and then moving on to service the next request .
When the I/O returns , execution of that particular request is picked up again .
( In the talk , I attempted to illustrate this with a questionable metaphor involving hamsters , bunnies and a hyperactive squid ) .
What makes Node exciting ?
If systems like this already exist , what ’s so exciting about Node ?
Quite a few things :
JavaScript is extremely well suited to programming with callbacks .
Its anonymous function syntax and closure support is perfect for defining inline callbacks , and client - side development in general uses event - based programming as a matter of course : run this function when the user clicks here / when the Ajax response returns / when the page loads .
JavaScript programmers already understand how to build software in this way .
.
Its anonymous function syntax and closure support is perfect for defining inline callbacks , and client - side development in general uses event - based programming as a matter of course : run this function when the user clicks here / when the Ajax response returns / when the page loads .
JavaScript programmers already understand how to build software in this way .
Node represents a clean slate .
Twisted and EventMachine are hampered by the existence of a large number of blocking libraries for their respective languages .
Part of the difficulty in learning those technologies is understanding which Python or Ruby libraries you can use and which ones you have to avoid .
Node creator Ryan Dahl has a stated aim for Node to never provide a blocking API — even filesystem access and DNS lookups are catered for with non-blocking callback based APIs .
This makes it much , much harder to screw things up .
. Twisted and EventMachine are hampered by the existence of a large number of blocking libraries for their respective languages .
Part of the difficulty in learning those technologies is understanding which Python or Ruby libraries you can use and which ones you have to avoid .
Node creator Ryan Dahl has a stated aim for Node to never provide a blocking API — even filesystem access and DNS lookups are catered for with non-blocking callback based APIs .
This makes it much , much harder to screw things up .
Node is small .
I read through the API documentation in around half an hour and felt like I had a pretty comprehensive idea of what Node does and how I would achieve things with it .
.
I read through the API documentation in around half an hour and felt like I had a pretty comprehensive idea of what Node does and how I would achieve things with it .
Node is fast .
V8 is the fast and keeps getting faster .
Node ’s event loop uses Marc Lehmann ’s highly regarded libev and libeio libraries .
Ryan
Dahl is himself something of a speed demon — he just replaced Node ’s HTTP parser implementation ( already pretty speedy due to it ’s Ragel / Mongrel heritage ) with a hand - tuned C implementation with some impressive characteristics .
. V8 is the fast and keeps getting faster .
Node ’s event loop uses Marc Lehmann ’s highly regarded libev and libeio libraries .
Ryan
Dahl is himself something of a speed demon — he just replaced Node ’s HTTP parser implementation ( already pretty speedy due to it ’s Ragel / Mongrel heritage ) with a hand - tuned C implementation with some impressive characteristics .
Easy to get started .
Node ships with all of its dependencies , and compiles cleanly on Snow Leopard out of the box .
With both my JavaScript and server - side hats on , Node just feels right .
The APIs make sense , it fits a clear niche and despite its youth ( the project started in February ) everything feels solid and well constructed .
The rapidly growing community is further indication that Ryan is on to something great here .
What does Node look like ?
Here ’s how to get Hello World running in Node in 7 easy steps :
git clone git://github.com/ry/node.git
( or download and extract a tarball ) ./ configure make ( takes a while , it needs to compile V8 as well ) sudo make install
Save the below code as helloworld .js node helloworld .js Visit http://localhost:8080/ in your browser
Here ’s helloworld.js :
var sys = require ( ' sys ' ) , http = require ( ' http ' ) ; http.createServer(function(req , res ) { res.sendHeader( 200 , {' Content - Type ' : ' text /html'} ) ; res.sendBody ( '< h1 > Hello World </h1 >' ) ; res.finish ( ) ; }).listen( 8080 ) ; sys.puts ( ' Server running at http://127.0.0.1:8080/');
If you have Apache Bench installed , try running ab -n 1000 -c 100 ’ http://127.0.0.1:8080/’ to test it with 1000 requests using 100 concurrent connections .
On my MacBook Pro I get 3374 requests a second .
So Node is fast — but where it really shines is concurrency with long running requests .
Alter the helloworld .js server definition to look like this :
http.createServer(function(req , res ) { setTimeout ( function ( ) { res.sendHeader( 200 , {' Content - Type ' : ' text /html'} ) ; res.sendBody ( '< h1 > Hello World </h1 >' ) ; res.finish ( ) ; } , 2000 ) ; }).listen ( 8080 ) ;
We ’re using setTimeout to introduce an artificial two second delay to each request .
Run the benchmark again — I get 49.68 requests a second , with every single request taking between 2012 and 2022 ms .
With a two second delay , the best possible performance for 1000 requests 100 at a time is 1000 requests / ( 1000 / 100 ) * 2 seconds = 50 requests a second .
Node hits it pretty much bang on the nose .
The most important line in the above examples is res.finish ( ) .
This is the mechanism
Node provides for explicitly signalling that a request has been fully processed and should be returned to the browser .
By making it explicit , Node makes it easy to implement comet patterns like long polling and streaming responses — stuff that is decidedly non trivial in most server - side frameworks .
djangode
Node ’s core APIs are pretty low level — it has HTTP client and server libraries , DNS handling , asynchronous file I / O etc , but it does n’t give you much in the way of high level web framework APIs .
Unsurprisingly , this has lead to a cambrian explosion of lightweight web frameworks based on top of Node — the projects using node page lists a bunch of them .
Rolling a framework is a great way of learning a low - level API , so I ’ve thrown together my own — djangode — which brings Django ’s regex - based URL handling to Node along with a few handy utility functions .
Here ’s a simple djangode application :
var dj = require ( './ djangode ' ) ; var app = dj.makeApp ( [ [ '^ /$' , function ( req , res ) { dj.respond ( res , ' Homepage ' ) ; } ] , [ '^ / other$ ' , function ( req , res ) { dj.respond ( res , ' Other page ' ) ; } ] , [ '^ / page / ( \\d + ) $ ' , function ( req , res , page ) { dj.respond ( res , ' Page ' + page ) ; } ] ] ) ; dj.serve( app , 8008 ) ;
djangode is currently a throwaway prototype , but I ’ll probably be extending it with extra functionality as I explore more Node related ideas .
nodecast
My main demo in the Full Frontal talk was nodecast , an extremely simple broadcast - oriented comet application .
Broadcast is my favourite “ hello world ” example for comet because it ’s both simpler than chat and more realistic — I ’ve been involved in plenty of projects that could benefit from being able to broadcast events to their audience , but few that needed an interactive chat room .
The source code for the version I demoed can be found on GitHub in the no-redis branch .
It ’s a very simple application — the client - side JavaScript simply uses jQuery ’s getJSON method to perform long - polling against a simple URL endpoint :
function fetchLatest ( ) { $ .getJSON ('/wait?id= ' + last_seen , function (d ) { $ .each(d , function ( ) { last_seen = parseInt ( this.id , 10 ) + 1 ; ul.prepend ($ ( '< li></li >') .text ( this.text ) ) ; } ) ; fetchLatest ( ) ; } ) ; }
Doing this recursively is probably a bad idea since it will eventually blow the browser ’s JavaScript stack , but it works OK for the demo .
The more interesting part is the server - side / wait URL which is being polled .
Here ’s the relevant Node / djangode code :
var message_queue = new process .
EventEmitter ( ) ; var app = dj.makeApp ( [ // ... [ '^ / wait$ ' , function ( req , res ) { var id = req.uri.params.id || 0 ; var messages = getMessagesSince ( id ) ; if ( messages.length ) { dj.respond(res , JSON.stringify ( messages ) , ' text / plain ' ) ; } else { //
Wait for the next message var listener = message_queue.addListener(' message ' , function ( ) { dj.respond(res , JSON.stringify( getMessagesSince( id ) ) , ' text / plain ' ) ; message_queue.removeListener(' message ' , listener ) ; clearTimeout ( timeout ) ; } ) ; var timeout = setTimeout ( function ( ) { message_queue.removeListener(' message ' , listener ) ; dj.respond(res , JSON.stringify ( [ ] ) , ' text / plain ' ) ; } , 10000 ) ; } } ] // ... ] ) ;
The wait endpoint checks for new messages and , if any exist , returns immediately .
If there are no new messages it does two things : it hooks up a listener on the message_queue EventEmitter ( Node ’s equivalent of jQuery / YUI / Prototype ’s custom events ) which will respond and end the request when a new message becomes available , and also sets a timeout that will cancel the listener and end the request after 10 seconds .
This ensures that long polls do n’t go on too long and potentially cause problems — as far as the browser is concerned it ’s just talking to a JSON resource which takes up to ten seconds to load .
When a message does become available , calling message_queue.emit( ’ message ’) will cause all waiting requests to respond with the latest set of messages .
Talking to databases
nodecast keeps track of messages using an in -memory JavaScript array , which works fine until you restart the server and lose everything .
How do you implement persistent storage ?
For the moment , the easiest answer lies with the NoSQL ecosystem .
Node ’s focus on non-blocking I /O makes it hard ( but not impossible ) to hook it up to regular database client libraries .
Instead , it strongly favours databases that speak simple protocols over a TCP / IP socket — or even better , databases that communicate over HTTP .
So far I ’ve tried using CouchDB ( with node - couch ) and redis ( with redis - node - client ) , and both worked extremely well .
nodecast trunk now uses redis to store the message queue , and provides a nice example of working with a callback - based non-blocking database interface :
var db = redis.create_client( ) ; var REDIS_KEY = ' nodecast - queue ' ; function add Message ( msg , callback ) { db.llen( REDIS_KEY , function ( i ) { msg.id = i ; // ID is set to the queue length db.rpush ( REDIS_KEY , JSON.stringify ( msg ) , function ( ) { message_queue.emit( ' message ' , msg ) ; callback ( msg ) ; } ) ; } ) ; }
Relational databases are coming to Node .
Ryan has a PostgreSQL adapter in the works , thanks to that database already featuring a mature non-blocking client library .
MySQL will be a bit tougher —
Node will need to grow a separate thread pool to integrate with the official client libs — but you can talk to MySQL right now by dropping in DBSlayer from the NY Times which provides an HTTP interface to a pool of MySQL servers .
Mixed environments
I do n’t see myself switching all of my server - side development over to JavaScript , but Node has definitely earned a place in my toolbox .
It should n’t be at all hard to mix Node in to an existing server - side environment — either by running both behind a single HTTP proxy ( being event - based itself , nginx would be an obvious fit ) or by putting Node applications on a separate subdomain .
Node is a tempting option for anything involving comet , file uploads or even just mashing together potentially slow loading web APIs .
Expect to hear a lot more about it in the future .
Further reading
‘ Stripper - mobile ’ with live dancers raises safety , decency concerns
Stripper - Mobile in Limbo
The stripper - mobile is off the streets for now , and the Clark County Commission has proposed to amend a law that would keep it off the streets for good .
In this video , see footage of the truck in its prime and hear Deja Vu Showgirls marketing director Larry Beard defend his innovative advertising technique .
Another business may have it driving down the street again within two weeks .
Even the men who hand out “ nude girls direct to your room ” cards stopped their hawking long enough to do some gawking at the “ stripper - mobile ” as it rolled down the Strip on Monday night .
It ’s akin to a small U - Haul truck but with Plexiglas surrounding the brightly lit cargo area instead of walls .
In the middle is a gleaming stripper pole .
Swinging around the pole is a scantily clad young woman .
Two of her fellow strippers are in the back of the truck too , awaiting their turns .
Puttering up and down Las Vegas Boulevard on Monday night , it was photographed by nearly everyone it pulled alongside , from CityCenter construction workers to an SUV - load of 20 - somethings from Colorado .
It ’s the ultimate advertising vehicle , said Larry Beard , marketing director for Déjà Vu Showgirls .
Having run the truck up and down the Strip late at night and into the wee hours for only the past 11 days , he claims it has doubled business at the all - nude Déjà Vu and Little Darlings gentlemen ’s clubs .
“ It ’s just a great idea that really works , ” Beard said .
If a couple of county commissioners get their way , however , it might soon be a late , great idea .
Arguing that state and county laws prohibit the use of a public right of way for advertising - only vehicles , as well as the possibility that the distracting nature of the , ahem , advertising is such that it could cause accidents , commissioners plan to discuss it at Tuesday ’s board meeting .
“ You could have 10 of them out there pretty quick and a million people just staring , ” Commissioner Steve Sisolak said Tuesday .
“ We have to get a handle on it before it gets too out of hand . ”
But inside the nearly soundproof rectangle that literally glows from a distance , Kay , 21 , and Alyssa and Bella , both 20 , were concerned about the pole slipping out of their hands .
They balanced on clear - plastic high heels and laughed and posed .
Their bikini tops and bottoms are skintight to try to prevent any wardrobe malfunctions during acrobatics on the pole .
Kay used a loudspeaker to urge onlookers to come see her sans clothing at Déjà Vu .
A young man in a passing SUV waved a fistful of dollars out his window .
The double - takes spread like a wave through the pedestrians on the sidewalk .
“ This is what Las Vegas is all about , ” said Beard , marketing director for six business entities including Déjà Vu Showgirls , Little Darlings and Hustler Topless gentlemen ’s clubs .
“ You come here to see something you ca n’t see anywhere else in the world . ”
The reaction , and effectiveness of the advertising , “ has been phenomenal , ” said Fred Robertson , whose company , Rolling Ads , provides the truck .
“ Most people do n’t pay attention to billboards .
We go out and people are just waiting to see it . ”
Beard said this is an alternative to paying huge tips to cabdrivers to bring in customers .
“ So we ’re going down the Strip and some cabbie is telling someone , ‘ Déjà Vu is closed ’ or ‘ Déjà Vu burned down , ’ and then we drive by and the customer is saying , ‘ Uh - uh , take me there , ’ ” Beard said .
The stripper - mobiles “ are like Pied Pipers out there on the Strip , ” he added .
The clubs need this , they say .
Business has been bad .
That argument wo n’t fly with some county commissioners , though .
Sisolak , for example , was spurred by a letter from a constituent , Ann Mueller , who told the Sun her grandson saw the stripper - mobile on Paradise Road around 5 p.m. Friday .
( Beard said the truck usually only rolls from 10 p.m. to 2 a .m. but went early that night to accommodate a TV news crew . )
Mueller said in her letter : “ This is not only disgusting but very dangerous ” because it could cause a traffic accident .
But nothing about the women or the truck is illegal , a Metro Police spokesman said .
“ As long as it ’s not impeding traffic , it ’s fine , ” Officer Jacinto Rivera explained .
Commissioner Chris Giunchigliani contends that Metro does n’t enforce the law on mobile billboards in public rights of way because officers do n’t have the time .
“ But just because no one has enforced it does n’t mean it ’s not the law , ” she said .
“ I do n’t care about the content or that they ’re female dancers .
I ’m sick of the women , in fact — let ’s get some men up there for once .
But this is just illegal . ”
Business owner Marla Letizia previously defeated efforts to outlaw her company ’s mobile billboards .
She finds the stripper - mobiles “ disgusting , ” however , and hopes commissioners ban them .
“ They wo n’t say it , but this is truly about content , ” Letizia said .
“ It ’s time someone in the community has the guts to say this is about class and decency in our community . ”
If that argument is made , it is unlikely to withstand a court challenge , lawyer Allen Lichtenstein said .
“ It ’s a First Amendment issue and commercial speech is protected speech , ” he explained .
The stripper - mobile would not qualify as obscene , indecent or harmful to minors — “ there ’s nothing illegal about it , ” he said .
Then again , maybe there does n’t need to be .
County sources say some of the powerful owners of Strip properties want the stripper - mobile stopped .
Labour 's strategy for tackling poverty has reached the end of the road and Britain risks a return to Victorian levels of inequality , according to a major two - year study seen by The Independent .
With 20 per cent of the population still stuck in poverty , the report calls for sweeping reform of the tax and welfare systems under which higher earners would finance more generous , universal benefits .
The £ 43,888 - a- year ceiling on national insurance contributions ( NICs ) would be abolished , so people earning more would pay NICs at 11 per cent on all their income above that level , instead of the current 1 per cent .
The study , by the Labour - affiliated Fabian Society and Webb Memorial Trust , argues that Gordon Brown 's " quiet redistribution " of wealth now lacks public support – and declares that one of the reasons is Labour 's tough language about benefit fraud and claimants .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Its criticism that Labour 's approach has " failed " is coupled with a stark warning to the Conservative leader , David Cameron .
The authors say that , in the long run , Tory plans to reduce payments to the middle classes such as tax credits and target resources on the most vulnerable would undermine the attack on poverty .
They warn that moving away from universal benefits would create a " them and us " society , leading to less public money being spent on the poor because people on middle incomes would not support it .
The Solidarity Society , due to be published next week , proposes that middle - income groups retain benefits such as tax credits so they keep a stake in the welfare system , allowing governments to spend more on lifting the poor out of poverty .
It says this would end the divide between taxpayers and claimants , pointing to the way the tax - funded NHS still enjoys widespread public support .
But the report says the original goals of Sir William Beveridge , architect of the welfare state , must be rediscovered .
Under a new welfare contract , people would have to do " socially useful work " in return for out - of - work benefits , while automatic handouts would be restricted to pensioners .
The tax and benefit systems would be merged and simplified .
The authors , Tim Horton and James Gregory , accept that Labour has made real progress in tackling poverty since 1997 .
But , while poverty among children and pensioners has been reduced , it has risen among adults without children , especially those on out - of - work benefits .
With all three main parties committed to cut spending to reduce the huge deficit in the public finances , the authors are worried that the battle against poverty will suffer .
They urge the parties to sign up to a new " poverty prevention strategy " – not for the next Budget , but for the next 30 years .
Mr Horton , the Fabian Society 's research director , told The Independent : " We could be at a tipping point that sends Britain back towards Victorian levels of inequality and social segregation , and makes the solidarity which could challenge that social segregation ever more difficult to recover . "
He added : " Inequality in Britain today , on some measures , is at its highest since the early 1960s .
And , despite falls in poverty over the last decade , progress is getting harder .
" Significant cuts in welfare spending would push poverty and inequality even higher .
And taking the middle class out of the welfare state would set Britain on a path to a set of ' sink services ' for the poorest , with a deeply segregating effect on society .
History teaches us that nothing would be worse for the long - term interests of the poorest than taking the middle classes out of the services that the most vulnerable rely on . "
Mr Horton said Labour was " hitting the limits of progress " with its current strategy .
He argued that redistribution is working – and that more of it is needed .
He added : " The Government risks running out of public permission for any deeper attack on poverty .
The idea was that using tough language about crackdowns on benefit cheats would make clear that the money was being used well and increase support for tackling child poverty .
" We can now see how much that approach has failed .
Fears that unemployment benefit is too high have sky - rocketed , even as the value of unemployment benefit has been falling relative to average earnings .
And fears about benefit fraud have gone up , even as the Government has drastically reduced the amount of fraud .
It is unlikely the current strategy will generate public support for the more radical policies needed to reduce poverty significantly below existing levels – where around 20 per cent of the population is in poverty .
If this is not to be as good as it gets for a generation or more , a new strategy will be needed . "
The study found that the countries with more targeting , such as the US and Australia , end up with far less generous welfare states than those with less targeting , such as Sweden , Denmark and Norway .
It concluded that the size of welfare spending matters , and that universal benefits redistribute more to the poorest than targeted ones .
This is because the amount of redistribution depends not simply on how much of each pound is targeted on the poorest , but also on how many pounds government has to spend in the first place .
Targeting makes people less willing to contribute through taxation .
The authors believe that David Cameron 's strategy is a threat to the fight on poverty because he does not accept these conclusions .
The Tories have announced plans to end tax credits for families with an income of more than £ 50,000 a year and to restrict child trust funds .
The study claims the Tories ' dismissal of welfare spending and rejection of universalism stem from an ideological commitment to reducing public spending as a moral end in itself .
South African health authorities are investigating how a two - year - old girl who burnt her arms instead had her legs amputated in hospital .
Gauteng provincial minister Gedani Mahlangu set up a task - team on Monday .
Thembisa Kometsi was admitted into a Johannesburg hospital , where officials say her legs were amputated because they had gangrene .
An opposition party has described the incident as a " maiming " and is calling for an independent investigation .
Ms Mahlangu 's spokesperson Mandla Sidu told the BBC that his department held a meeting on Monday with officials from both the Far East Rand Hospital where Thembisa was first admitted with burn wounds and from Charlotte Maxeke hospital , where she was transferred .
Mr Sidu says the provincial minister learnt of the incident from media reports and subsequently received a letter from the Kometsi family , demanding action from the Gauteng authorities .
' Maimed '
" Ms Mahlangu visited the family on Friday where they voiced their concerns , " said Mr Sidu .
" A task - team been has now been set up to get to the bottom of the matter .
We are expecting a report in seven days . "
Opposition Democratic Alliance health spokesperson Jack Bloom welcomed the move to " demand answers from hospital staff " but said an independent investigation was needed to establish the facts .
This is my third trip to Iraq since the U.S. invasion of March 2003 .
I will be part of an official group that will assess the current situation .
The group is composed of current and former government officials and some outside experts ( Unfortunately , because this is an official trip , I am limited as to what I can write about ) .
We arrived on October 11 , 2009 and will remain in the country until October 25 .
My first trip was in November 2003 , the second in April 2007 .
The first trip was sponsored by the Department of Defense for the purpose of informing " opinion leaders " of the progress of the war and the second as part of a two - person team to assess the capacity of the Iraqi government to carry out its administrative functions .
As a result of my first trip , I realized that the Bush administration had badly miscalculated how many troops were needed to secure Iraq after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein and did not realize that its policies were empowering the insurgency .
I saw no progress and a situation that was already spiraling out of control - something that neither the administration nor most of the leaders in Iraq grasped .
On my second trip , it became clear to me that the U.S. military was paying a heavy price to try to stem the communal violence that started sweeping the country in 2005 ( 2007 was the deadliest year for American troops ) .
And even though American troops could diminish the violence - mostly by making deals with the Sunni insurgents and erecting blast walls to separate the Sunni and Shiite neighbors in the major cities - the Iraq government had neither the capacity nor the will to make the political compromises necessary to unite the country .
My colleagues at the Center for American Progress and I have been arguing for several years that the best hope for creating a stable Iraq and enhancing our ability to deal with the critical threats to our security - particularly in Afghanistan - was to set a specific date for withdrawal of U.S. forces .
Although we were severely criticized by the Bush administration and its acolytes for " cutting and running , " we were vindicated when President George W. Bush , in November 2008 , signed the security agreement that was part of the Status of Forces Agreement .
The SOFA stipulated that all American troops would withdraw from the Iraqi cities to their bases by June 30 , 2009 and not conduct independent military operations after that date .
The United States also agreed to leave the country completely by the end of 2011 .
After his election , President Barack Obama began implementing the strategic agreement and began to fulfill his campaign promise by agreeing to withdraw all combat troops by August 31 , 2010 and all remaining troops by the end of 2011 .
For this trip to Iraq we came by way of Ali Al Salem Air Force Base in Kuwait , where I spent about 24 hours .
A KC - 130 took us to Camp Victory where we boarded a helicopter for the trip to the Green Zone , the same way I did on my first trip .
Interestingly , we had to wear body armor and a helmet , something we did not do on my first trip .
Based on my first two days in the country , which have been spent at the chancery - an office of the embassy - I have several impressions :
--
Our embassy compound is like a prosperous small city and the chancery is much more luxurious than the State Department building .
-- Setting specific dates to leave the cities and the country undermined the ability of several of the groups of violent extremists to get support from the people , something myself and Brian Katulis pointed out in CAP 's report Strategic Redeployment .
-- Defense and civilian personnel are working well together at the operational or tactical level .
--
As we draw down , the rules and regulations are increasingly in inverse proportion - trying to get on the Internet or make a phone call is much more difficult than two or six years ago .
-- Not surprisingly , the draw down is going well .
As always , logistics is our military 's strong suit , something we pointed out in How to Redeploy .
--
The troops worry that given the attention of Afghanistan , Iraq has become the forgotten front in terms of money , talent , and attention .
--
While violence is down , Iraq is still dangerous .
In August , there were still 20 attacks per day .
-- Many more people are involved in briefings than six years ago .
In 2003 , when we met with Ambassador L. Paul Bremmer and the generals commanding the divisions , three people would be accompanied by two or three aides .
At our first meeting there were 75 people accompanying the leaders .
--
The briefings themselves are overwhelming - hundreds of Power Point slides per day by multiple briefers makes it easy to miss the forest for the trees .
-- Too many officers still rationalize the Iraqis ' insistence on an end date for the American military presence as a mere political ploy rather than the desire of the Iraqi people .
I plan on writing additional commentary in the coming days as my schedule allows .
Visible light is only a small part of the electro - magnetic spectrum .
Certain films and digital sensors are sensitive to other areas of the spectrum , specifically near - infrared light .
In fact , most digital cameras have filters added to deliberately block infrared light so it does n't affect images made with visible light .
The electro - magnetic spectrum .
Visible light is just a tiny portion .
Infrared photography creates unique images capable of portraying things not normally visible to the human eye .
Infrared images can be created as art but they also have industrial uses .
Infrared rays are much better at passing through the earth 's atmosphere .
Many satellite images are thus infrared images .
Two images taken seconds apart .
One is captured using visible light , the other with infrared light .
Image by Volkan Yuksel . CC BY - SA 3.0 .
As the information captured in infrared photography cannot be traditionally represented using visual light , it has to be transformed to some degree .
Infrared images can either be mapped to black and white or to colour .
In black and white images , there is a hugely noticeable tonal shift .
Blues are represented as black while reds and greens become white .
With colour images shot using film , infrared light becomes red , red becomes green and green becomes blue ; digital infrared images have a lot more variance .
Shooting Infrared Images
There are three common ways to capture infrared images .
The first is to use a film camera and an infrared film stock such as Kodak HIE .
Although many infrared films are discontinued they can still be found for sale .
Second , you can use an infrared filter to block visible light from hitting your DSLR 's sensor only allowing a small amount of infrared rays through .
The problem with this method is that it leads to incredibly long shutter speeds so is n't suitable for many styles of photography .
The final option is to use a dedicated infrared camera .
Some manufacturers , such as Phase One , offer them but the more common option is to have the infrared blocker removed from an old DSLR .
This obviously voids the warranty and renders the camera unable to capture non-infrared images but it offers the best digital results .
Some Inspiration
Infrared photography can be hard to visualise without examples .
To help you understand what infrared images look like I 've gathered 25 great examples .
There are a mix of images captured with digital and film cameras to show the full range of possibilities .
The Wyoming Horse Dream .
Image by Greg Westfall .
CC BY 2.0 .
Catholic Church Near Crowheart , Wyoming .
Image by Greg Westfall .
CC BY 2.0 .
I Dream of Zebras .
Image by Greg Westfall .
CC BY 2.0 .
Every Picture Tells a Story .
Image by Greg Westfall .
CC BY 2.0 .
All Saint's Episcopal Church , Fort Worth .
Image by Greg Westfall .
CC BY 2.0 .
Then Everything Just Got Weird ... Image by Greg Westfall .
CC BY 2.0 .
Saigon Zoo with infrared Ektachrome 1970 .
Image by Manhai .
CC BY 2.0 .
Izmailovo .
Image by Alex Defender .
Public Domain .
Kodak HIE 10 .
Image by Anthony Shepherd .
Tilted Infratrees .
Image by Alex Defender .
Public Domain .
Madison Square Park Infrared .
Image by Abe Bingham .
CC BY 2.0 .
The Weed is Growing Tall .
Image by Zheng .
Public Domain .
Wrapping Up
Infrared photography is a pretty weird area of photography .
It captivates some people while others just find it unappealing .
If you 've explored it , please share some of your results below .
It 's always great to see our reader 's images .
Der deutsche Fußball steht unter Schock : Nationaltorhüter Robert Enke ist tot .
Sein Berater erklärte , der 32 - Jährige habe sich selbst das Leben genommen .
Enke hinterlässt Frau und Kind .
Nationaltorwart Robert Enke ist tot .
Sein Berater Jörg Neblung erklärte am späten Dienstagabend , der Fußball - Nationaltorhüter habe sich das Leben genommen .
" Es war Selbstmord " , sagte Neblung der Deutschen Presse - Agentur ( DPA ) .
Zuvor hatte bereits die Polizei darauf hingewiesen , dass vieles auf einen Suizid des 32 Jahre alten Fußballprofis von Hannover 96 hindeute .
" Es hat einen tödlichen Unfall an einem Bahnübergang gegeben " , sagte der Leitende Beamte vom Dienst , Olaf Schanz , auf Anfrage von stern .de .
Alles spreche für eine Selbsttötung : " Bei einem Unfall am Gleiskörper mit einem Zug muss man von Selbstmord ausgehen " , so Schanz wörtlich .
Enke sei gegen 18.25
Uhr an einem Bahnübergang in Neustadt am Rübenberge , in der Nähe seines Wohnorts , von einem Zug erfasst und tödlich verletzt worden .
Auf einer Pressekonferenz in der Nacht berichtete die Polizei , Enke habe sein Auto etwa zehn Meter von den Gleisen entfernt abgestellt .
Der Spitzensportler habe sein Portemonnaie auf dem Beifahrersitz des nicht verschlossenen Wagens liegenlassen .
Anschließend müsse Enke mehrere Hundert Meter an den Gleisen entlang gegangen sein , bevor er von einem aus Bremen in Richtung Hannover fahrenden Regionalzug erfasst wurde .
In einer ersten Befragung gab der Zugführer zu Protokoll , dass er eine Person auf den Gleisen habe stehen sehen .
Er und ein weiterer im Führerhaus anwesender Lokführer hätten sofort eine Notbremsung eingeleitet .
An der Unglücksstelle fahre der Zug aber mit hohem Tempo , sodass die Notbremsung letzlich nicht ausgereicht habe .
Weitere Augenzeugen für das Unglück gibt es laut Polizei nicht .
Fragen nach einem Abschiedsbrief Enkes wurden nicht beantwortet .
" Das ist ganz furchtbar "
Der verheiratete Fußballprofi und seine Frau hatten vor drei Jahren ihre Tochter Lara im Alter von zwei Jahren verloren , die an einem angeborenen Herzfehler litt und im Krankenhaus starb .
Der aus Jena stammende Enke hinterlässt außer seiner Frau Teresa eine acht Monate alte Tochter , die das Paar im Mai adoptiert hatte .
Der für Hannover 96 spielende Enke war in diesem
Jahr wegen einer rätselhaften Viruserkrankung länger ausgefallen .
Er hatte acht Mal für die Nationalmannschaft gespielt .
" Das ist ganz furchtbar " , sagte der Präsident des Fußball - Bundesligisten Hannover 96 , Martin Kind .
Er war von der Sitzung der Deutschen Fußball - Liga ( DFL ) zurückgekehrt , auf der er die 50+1 - Regelung kippen wollte , und bekam am Flughafen den schockierenden Anruf .
" Man rechnet mit vielem , aber nicht mit so etwas " , sagte Kind der DPA .
" Ich weiß nicht , warum es und wie es passiert ist " , so Kind .
Der 96 - Chef zeigte sich jedoch sicher , " dass es nichts mit Fußball zu tun hat .
Er war labil .
Er hat das überlagert . "
" Deutschland verliert einen Ausnahmesportler "
Beim Deutschen Fußball - Bund ( DFB ) wurde die Nachricht mit " tiefer Fassungslosigkeit " aufgenommen .
Bundestrainer Joachim Löw und Nationalmannschaftsmanager Oliver Bierhoff informierten die Spieler und Betreuer im DFB - Quartier in Bonn .
" Wir sind alle geschockt , uns fehlen die Worte " , sagte Bierhoff .
DFB - Präsident Theo Zwanziger ergänzte : " Wir sind fassungslos und voller Trauer .
Unser ganzes Mitgefühl gilt der Frau von Robert Enke und seiner Familie . "
Niedersachsens Ministerpräsident Christian Wulff ( CDU ) zeigte sich ebenfalls tief betroffen .
" Deutschland verliert einen Ausnahmesportler und einen sensiblen Menschen , der für viele ein Vorbild war .
Wir trauern um ihn und unser Mitgefühl ist bei seiner Frau , seiner Familie , seinen Angehörigen und vielen Freunden . "
Enke hatte wegen einer Erkrankung , die als Bakterien - Infektion des Darmes angegeben wurde , zuletzt Qualifikationsspiele für die Weltmeisterschaft verpasst .
Er war auch nicht für die beiden Länderspiele gegen Chile und die Elfenbeinküste am 14 .
und 18 .
November eingeladen worden .
Löw hatte dem Hannoveraner aber deutlich signalisiert , dass er weiter ein Favorit auf die Nummer eins bei der Weltmeisterschaft 2010 in Südafrika sei .
Nach der EM und dem Rücktritt von Jens Lehmann war Enke bald Stammtorhüter der DFB - Auswahl geworden .
Sein erstes Länderspiel bestritt Enke vor zwei Jahren beim 0:1 gegen Dänemark .
Bereits beim Confed Cup 1999 hatte er zum DFB - Kader gehört , blieb aber ohne Einsatz .
Insgesamt hütete er in sechs von elf Länderspielen in der Saison 2008 /09 das Tor .
Many people are surprised to learn that the United States Capitol regularly served as a church building ; a practice that began even before Congress officially moved into the building and lasted until well after the Civil War .
Below is a brief history of the Capitol ’s use as a church , and some of the prominent individuals who attended services there .
CAPITOL IN 1800
The cornerstone of the Capitol was laid by President George Washington in 1793 . , but it was not until the end of 1800 that Congress actually moved into the building .
According to the congressional records for late November of 1800 , Congress spent the first few weeks organizing the Capitol rooms , committees , locations , etc .
Then , on December 4 , 1800 , Congress approved the use of the Capitol
building as a church building .
1
The approval of the Capitol for church was given by both the House and the Senate , with House approval being given by Speaker of the House , Theodore Sedgwick , and Senate approval being given by the President of the Senate , Thomas Jefferson .
Interestingly , Jefferson ’s approval came while he was still officially the Vice - President but after he had just been elected President .
Significantly , the Capitol building had been used as a church even for years before it was occupied by Congress .
The cornerstone for the Capitol had been laid on September 18 , 1793 ; two years later while still under construction , the July 2 , 1795 , Federal Orrery newspaper of Boston reported :
City of Washington , June 19 .
It is with much pleasure that we discover the
rising consequence of our infant city .
Public worship is now regularly administered
at the Capitol , every Sunday morning , at 11 o’clock by the Reverend Mr. Ralph .
2
The reason for the original use of the Capitol as a church might initially be explained by the fact that there were no churches in the city at that time .
Even a decade later in 1803 , U. S. Senator John Quincy Adams confirmed : “ There is no church of any denomination in this city . ”
3
The absence of churches in Washington eventually changed , however .
As one Washington citizen reported : “ For several years after the seat of government was fixed at Washington , there were but two small [ wooden ] churches .
. . .
Now , in 1837 there are 22 churches of brick or stone . ”
4
Yet , even after churches began proliferating across the city , religious services still continued at the Capitol until well after the Civil War and Reconstruction .
MANASSEH CUTLER
Jefferson attended church at the Capitol while he was Vice President 5 and also throughout his presidency .
The first Capitol church service that Jefferson attended as President was a service preached by Jefferson ’s friend , the Rev. John Leland , on January 3 , 1802 .
6 Significantly , Jefferson attended that Capitol church service just two days after he penned his famous letter containing the “ wall of separation between church and state ” metaphor .
U. S. Rep. Manasseh Cutler , who also attended church at the Capitol , recorded in his own diary that “ He [ Jefferson ] and his family have constantly attended public worship in the Hall . ”
7 Mary Bayard Smith , another attendee at the Capitol services , confirmed : “ Mr. Jefferson , during his whole administration , was a most regular attendant . ”
8
She noted that Jefferson even had a designated seat at the Capitol church : “ The seat he chose the first Sabbath , and the adjoining one ( which his private secretary occupied ) , were ever afterwards by the courtesy of the congregation , left for him and his secretary . ”
9 Jefferson was so committed to those services that he would not even allow inclement weather to dissuade him ; as Rep .
Cutler noted : “ It was very rainy , but his [ Jefferson ’s ] ardent zeal brought him through the rain and on horseback to the Hall . ” 10 Other diary entries confirm Jefferson ’s attendance in spite of bad weather .
11
In addition to Mary Bayard Smith and Congressman Manasseh Cutler , others kept diaries of the weekly Capitol church services including Congressman Abijah Bigelow and statesman John Quincy Adams .
( Adams served in Washington first as a Senator , then a President , and then as a Representative ; and his extensive diaries describe the numerous church services he attended at the Capitol across a span of decades . )
Typical of Adams ’ diary entries while a U. S. Attended public service at the Capitol where Mr. Rattoon , an Episcopalian Senator under President Jefferson were these :
clergyman from Baltimore , preached a sermon .
12 [ R]eligious service is usually performed on Sundays at the Treasury office
and at the Capitol .
I went both forenoon and afternoon to the Treasury .
13
Jefferson was not the only President to attend church at the Capitol .
His successor , James Madison , also attended church at the Capitol .
14 However , there was a difference in the way the two arrived for services .
Observers noted that Jefferson arrived at church on horseback 15 ( it was 1.6 miles from the White House to the Capitol ) .
However , Madison arrived for church in a coach and four .
In fact , British diplomat Augustus Foster , who attended services at the Capitol , gave an eloquent description of President Madison arriving at the Capitol for church in a carriage drawn by four white horses .
From Jefferson through Abraham Lincoln , many presidents attended church at the Capitol ; and it was common practice for Members of Congress to attend those services .
For example , in his diary entry of January 9 , 1803 , Congressman Cutler noted : “ Attended in the morning at the Capitol . . . .
Very full assembly .
Many of the Members present . ”
16 The church was often full “ so crowded , in fact , one attendee reported that since “ the floor of the House offered insufficient space , the platform behind the Speaker ’s chair , and every spot where a chair could be wedged in ” was filled .
17 U. S. Representative John Quincy Adams ( although noting that occasionally the “ House was full , but not crowded ” 18 ) also commented numerous times on the overly - crowded conditions at the Capitol church .
In his diary entry for February 28 , 1841 , he noted : “ I rode with my wife , Elizabeth C. Adams , and Mary , to the Capitol , where the Hall of the House of Representatives was so excessively crowded that it was with extreme difficulty that we were enabled to obtain seats . ”
19 Why did so many Members attend Divine service in the Hall of the House ?
Adams explained why he attended : “ I consider it as one of my public duties - as a representative of the people - to give my attendance every Sunday morning when Divine service is performed in the Hall . ”
20
Interestingly , the Marine Band participated in the early Capitol church services .
According to Margaret Bayard Smith , who regularly attended services at the Capitol , the band , clad in their scarlet uniforms , made a “ dazzling appearance ” as they played from the gallery , providing instrumental accompaniment for the singing .
21 The band , however , seemed too ostentatious for the services and “ the attendance of the marine - band was soon discontinued . ”
22
From 1800 to 1801 , the services were held in the north wing ; from 1801 to 1804 , they were held in the “ oven ” in the south wing , and then from 1804 to 1807 , they were again held in the north wing .
From 1807 to 1857 , services were held in what is now Statuary Hall .
By 1857 when the House moved into its new home in the extension , some 2,000 persons a week were attending services in the Hall of the House .
23 Significantly , even though the U. S. Congress began meeting in the extension on Wednesday , December 16 , 1857 , the first official use of the House Chamber had occurred three days earlier , when “ on December 13 , 1857 , the Rev. Dr. George Cummins preached before a crowd of 2,000 worshipers in the first public use of the chamber .
Soon thereafter , the committee recommended that the House convene in the new Hall on Wednesday , December 16 , 1857 . ” 24 However , regardless of the part of the building in which the church met , the rostrum of the Speaker of the House was used as the preacher ’s pulpit ; and Congress purchased the hymnals used in the service .
The church services in the Hall of the House were interdenominational , overseen by the chaplains appointed by the House and Senate ; sermons were preached by the chaplains on a rotating basis , or by visiting ministers approved by the Speaker of the House .
As Margaret Bayard Smith , confirmed : “ Not only the chaplains , but the most distinguished clergymen who visited the city , preached in the Capitol ” 25 and “ clergymen , who during the session of Congress visited the city , were invited by the chaplains to preach . ”
26
In addition to the non-denominational service held in the Hall of the House , several individual churches ( such as Capitol Hill Presbyterian , the Unitarian Church of Washington , First Congregational Church , First Presbyterian Church , etc. ) met in the Capitol each week for their own services ; there could be up to four different church services at the Capitol each Sunday .
IN 1867 , OVER 2,000 PER WEEK ATTENDED
CHURCH SERVICES AT THE CAPITOL
The Library of Congress provides an account of one of those churches that met weekly at the Capitol : “ Charles Boynton ( 1806 - 1883 ) was in 1867 Chaplain of the House of Representatives and organizing pastor of the First Congregational Church in Washington , which was trying at that time to build its own sanctuary .
In the meantime , the church , as Boynton informed potential donors , was holding services - ˜at the Hall of Representatives ’ where - ˜ the audience is the largest in town .
. . . nearly 2000 assembled every Sabbath ’ for services , making the congregation in the House the ˜largest Protestant Sabbath audience then in the United States . ’
The First Congregational Church met in the House from 1865 to 1868 . ” 27
OLD SUPREME COURT CHAMBER
With so many services occurring , the Hall of the House was not the only location in the Capitol where church services were conducted .
John Quincy Adams , in his February 2 , 1806 , diary entry , describes an overflow service held in the Supreme Court Chamber , 28 and Congressman Manasseh Cutler describes a similar service in 1804 .
29 ( At that time , the Supreme Court Chamber was located on the first floor of the Capitol . )
Services were also held in the Senate Chamber as well as on the first floor of the south wing .
Church In The Capitol Milestones
* 1806 . On January 12 , 1806 , Dorothy Ripley ( 1767 -1832 )
became the first woman to preach before the House .
One female attendee had noted : “ Preachers of every sect and denomination of Christians were there admitted - Catholics , Unitarians , Quakers , with every intervening diversity of sect .
Even women were allowed to display their pulpit eloquence in this national Hall . ”
30 In attendance at that service were President Thomas Jefferson and Vice President Aaron Burr .
Ripley conducted the lengthy service in a fervent , evangelical , camp - meeting style .
JOHN ENGLAND
* 1826 . On January 8 , 1826 , Bishop John England ( 1786 -1842 ) of Charleston , South Carolina ( Bishop over North and South Carolina and Georgia ) became the first Catholic to preach in the House of Representatives .
Of that service , President John Quincy Adams ( a regular attendee of church services in the Capitol ) noted : Walked to the Capitol and heard the Bishop of Charleston , [ John ] England -” an Irishman .
He read a few prayers and then delivered an extemporaneous discourse of nearly two hours ’ duration .
. . .
He closed by reading an admirable prayer .
He came and spoke to me after the service and said he would call and take leave of me tomorrow .
The house was overflowing , and it was with great difficulty that I obtained a seat .
31
HARRIET LIVERMORE
* 1827 . In January 1827 , Harriet Livermore ( 1788 - 1868 ) became the second woman to preach in the House of Representatives .
( Three of her immediate family members : ” her father , grandfather , and uncle ” had been Members of Congress .
Her grandfather , Samuel Livermore , was a Member of the first federal Congress and a framer of the Bill of Rights ; her uncle was a Member under Presidents Thomas Jefferson and James Madison ; her father was a Member under President James Monroe . )
The service in which she preached was not only attended by President John Quincy Adams but was also filled with Members of Congress as well as the inquisitive from the city .
As Margaret Bayard Smith noted , “ curiosity rather than piety attracted throngs on such occasions . ”
32 Livermore spoke for an hour and a half , resulting in mixed reactions ; some praised her and were even moved to tears by her preaching , some dismissed her .
Harriet Livermore preached in the Capitol on four different occasions , each attended by a different President .
HENRY H. GARNET AND HIS DISCOURSE
* 1865 . On February 12 , 1865 , Henry Highland Garnet ( 1815 - 1882 ) became the first African American to speak in Congress .
Two weeks earlier , on January 31 , 1865 , Congress had passed the Thirteenth Amendment abolishing slavery , and Garnet was invited to preach a sermon in Congress to commemorate that event .
In his sermon , Garnet described his beginnings : ‘ I was born among the cherished institutions of slavery .
My earliest recollections of parents , friends , and the home of my childhood are clouded with its wrongs .
The first sight that met my eyes was my Christian mother enslaved . ”
33 His family escaped to the North ; he became a minister , abolitionist , temperance leader , and political activist .
He recruited black regiments during the Civil War and served as chaplain to the black troops of New York .
In 1864 , he became the pastor of the Fifteenth Street Presbyterian Church in Washington , D. C. ( where he served at the time of this sermon ) .
He later became president of Avery College and was made Minister to Liberia by President Ulysses S. Grant .
( For more information on this topic please see “ Religion and the Founding of the American Republic : Religion and the Federal Government ( Part 2 ) ” on the Library of Congress website . )
NOTES
[ 1 ] Debates and Proceedings in the Congress of the United States ( Washington : Gales and Seaton , 1853 ) , p. 797 , Sixth Congress , December 4 , 1800 .
[ 2 ] Federal Orrery , Boston , July 2 , 1795 , p. 2 .
[ 3 ] John Quincy Adams , Memoirs of John Quincy Adams , Charles Francis Adams , editor ( Philadelphia : J. B. Lippincott and Company , 1874 ) , Vol. I , p. 268 , October 30 , 1803 .
[ 4 ] Mrs. Samuel Harrison Smith ( Margaret Bayard ) , The First Forty Years of Washington Society , Galliard Hunt , editor ( New York : Charles Scribner ’s Sons , 1906 ) , p. 16 .
[ 5 ] Bishop Claggett ’s ( Episcopal Bishop of Maryland ) letter of February 18 , 1801 , reveals that , as vice - President , Jefferson went to church services in the House .
Available in the Maryland Diocesan Archives .
[ 6 ] William Parker Cutler and Julia Perkins Cutler , Life , Journal , and Correspondence of Rev. Manasseh Cutler ( Cincinnati : Colin Robert Clarke & Co. , 1888 ) , Vol. II , p. 66 , letter to Joseph Torrey , January 4 , 1802 .
Cutler meant that Jefferson attended church on January 3 , 1802 , for the first time as President .
Bishop Claggett ’s letter of February 18 , 1801 , already revealed that as Vice - President , Jefferson went to church services in the House .
[ 7 ]
Cutler and Cutler , Life , Journal , and Correspondence , Vol. II , p. 119 , in a letter to Dr. Joseph Torrey on January 3 , 1803 ; see also his entry of December 12 , 1802 ( Vol. II , p. 113 ) .
[ 8 ] Smith , The First Forty Years , p. 13 .
[ 9 ]
Smith , The First Forty Years , p. 13 .
[ 10 ] Cutler and Cutler , Life , Journal , and Correspondence , Vol. II , p. 119 , in a letter to Dr. Joseph Torrey on January 3 , 1803 ; see also his entry of December 26 , 1802 ( Vol. II , p. 114 ) .
[ 11 ] Cutler and Cutler , Life , Journal , and Correspondence , Vol. II , p. 114 , December 26 , 1802 .
[ 12 ] John Quincy Adams , Memoirs , Vol. I , p. 268 , October 30 , 1803 .
[ 13 ] John Quincy Adams , Memoirs , Vol. I , p. 265 , October 23 , 1803 .
[ 14 ] Abijah Bigelow to Hannah Bigleow , December 28 , 1812 .
“ Letters of Abijah Bigleow , Member of Congress , to his Wife , ”  Proceedings , 1810 - 1815 , American Antiquarian Society ( 1930 ) , p. 168 .
[ 15 ]
See , for example , Cutler and Cutler , Life , Journal , and Correspondence , Vol. II , p. 119 , from a letter to Dr. Joseph Torrey on January 3 , 1803 .
[ 16 ] Cutler and Cutler , Life , Journal , and Correspondence , Vol. II , p. 116 , January 9 , 1803 .
[ 17 ] Smith , The First Forty Years , p. 14 .
[ 18 ]
See , for example , John Quincy Adams , Memoirs , Vol. VII , pp. 437-438 , February 17 , 1828 ; Vol. XI , pp. 160- 161 , May 22 , 1842 ; and others .
[ 19 ] John Quincy Adams , Memoirs , Vol. X , p. 434 , February 28 , 1841 .
[ 20 ] John Quincy Adams , Memoirs , Vol. XI , p. 169 , June 5 , 1842 .
[ 21 ] Smith , The First Forty Years , p. 14 .
[ 22 ] Smith , The First Forty Years , p. 16 .
[ 23 ] James Hutson ( Chief of the Manuscript Division of the Library of Congress ) , Religion and the Founding of the American Republic ( Washington , DC : Library of Congress , 1998 ) , p. 91 .
[ 24 ] William C. Allen ( Architectural Historian of the Capitol ) , A History of the United States Capitol , A Chronicle of Design , Construction , and Politics ( Washington , D. C. : Government Printing Office , 2001 ) , p. 271 .
[ 25 ] Smith , The First Forty Years , p. 14 .
[ 26 ] Smith , The First Forty Years , p. 15 .
[ 27 ]
Fundraising brochure , Charles B. Boynton .
Washington , D.C. : November 1 , 1867 , Rare Book and Special Collections Division , Library of Congress ; available at Library of Congress at https://www.loc.gov/exhibits/religion/rel06-2.html.
[ 28 ]
Hutson , Religion and the Founding of the American Republic , p. 90 .
[ 29 ] From the Library of Congress , at https://www.loc.gov/exhibits/religion/rel06-2.html.
[ 30 ] Smith , The First Forty Years , p. 15 .
[ 31 ] John Quincy Adams , Memoirs , Vol. VII , p. 102 , January 8 , 1826 .
[ 32 ] Smith , The First Forty Years , p. 15 .
[ 33 ] Henry Highland Garnet , Memorial Discourse ( Philadelphia : Joseph M. Wilson , 1865 ) , p. 73 Originally posted December 31 , 2016 .
Far from being a necessary part of the US ’s national security strategy , the Afghanistan war is actually a threat to it , says Ohio congressman Dennis Kucinich .
In a statement released two days after President Barack Obama announced a 30,000 - troop surge for the war effort and a July , 2011 , beginning for troop withdrawal , Kucinich argued that extending the war would destabilize the United States at home .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ America is in the fight of its life and that fight is not in Afghanistan — it ’s here , ” Kucinich declared .
“ We are deeply in debt .
Our GDP is down .
Our manufacturing is down .
Our savings are down .
The value of the dollar is down .
Our trade deficit is up .
Business failures are up .
Bankruptcies are up .
“ The war is a threat to our national security .
We ’ll spend over $ 100 billion next year to bomb a nation of poor people while we reenergize the Taliban , destabilize Pakistan , deplete our army and put more of our soldiers ’ lives on the line .
Meanwhile , back here in the USA , 15 million people are out of work .
People are losing their jobs , their health care , their savings , their investments , and their retirement security .
$ 13 trillion in bailouts for Wall Street , trillions for war ; when are we going to start taking care of things here at home ? ”
Kucinich a seven - term House representative from western Cleveland , has long been a high - profile opponent of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars .
“ The people of Afghanistan do n’t want to be saved by us , ” Kucinich said on the House floor Wednesday .
“ They want to be saved from us .
Our presence and our Predator drones kill countless innocents , creating more US enemies and destabilizing Pakistan . ”
In September , following a NATO airstrike that killed 95 people , including most of a small Afghan village , Kucinich declared that the war in Afghanistan is “ quickly developing into a tragedy of monumental proportions .
It is time for the US to end this war and bring our troops home . ”
DISCOVERY : Officers exhumed a casket from Mangere Lawn Cemetery , in South Auckland , this week to find a doll inside .
A woman who faked a pregnancy prompted a police investigation when she feigned the baby 's death .
Officers exhumed a casket from Mangere Lawn Cemetery , in South Auckland , this week to find a doll inside .
Detective Senior Sergeant Darrell Harpur said she confessed to staging the funeral to avoid telling her partner she was not pregnant .
Internal Affairs raised the alarm about six weeks ago after getting a request for birth and death certificates for a dead baby .
Mr Harpur said : " They came to us because there was no police record or doctor 's certificate for it . "
Police , who thought they might be dealing with the suspicious death of a child , went to see the 33 - year - old woman , from Otahuhu , who claimed to be the baby 's mother .
" We interviewed the alleged mum and she said there was no body in the grave . "
Mr Harpur said the episode " revolved around " the woman 's partner wanting a child .
Initially the woman believed she was pregnant , then she learned she was not .
" But for some reason she could n't tell him so she embarked on this subterfuge . "
Police applied to exhume the baby 's casket but had to wait several weeks before the Health Ministry gave permission .
" If we'd thought there was a baby in there we would have exhumed it a lot more quickly , " Mr Harpur said .
" When we opened it , sure enough there was a doll wrapped in a blanket in the plot . "
Mr Harpur said the woman was given a warning , which would be kept on file .
" We 've warned her for a deception - type charge in that the casket was buried in the koha area of the cemetery for people who can't afford a plot at the full price . "
The casket is back in the ground because the cemetery administrator did not want to reuse the plot , he said .
" It was photographed and then covered up .
The plaque 's gone , though . "
As far as police know , the woman has told only her partner the truth about the fake burial .
Most family members still " think there is a baby there " , Mr Harpur said .
I got my Dell Mini10V in the mail yesterday .
It 's small and red and pretty , but I had one minor issue with my order .
When I was personalizing my order online , it asked me if I wanted a 24WHr 3 - cell battery or a 56WhHr 6 - cell battery ; the 6 - cell was just $ 35 more , but had double the lifespan .
I went with the 6 - cell .
As soon as I pulled it out of the box , though , I realized it was way too big to fit into my favorite bag .
It was my fault ; I had ordered the wrong thing .
I called Dell 's 1-800 number to see if they could process an exchange ; it was the beginning of what turned out to be a baffling journey into the labyrinth of Dell 's customer service phone line .
After a few minutes of hold music , I got through to a woman who told me I could return the 6 - cell , get a refund , and then purchase the 3 - cell separately .
I wanted to ask her how much the refund would be for , but after telling me she 'd email me a UPS label , she hastily thanked me for choosing Dell and then put me on hold so I could speak to a sales rep who would then sell me the 3 - cell battery .
The sales rep was a soft - spoken woman named Jame .
After asking me about three minutes of questions about what kind of laptop I had purchased and how , she told me I could buy a 3 - cell battery for my Mini 10V for $ 129.99 + tax , how would I like to pay ?
Before I paid , I wanted to know how much I was going to get refunded for the 6 - cell .
She said it would be around $ 135 , but she seemed unsure .
I asked her to put me back on the phone with the person whom I had talked to about the refund so I could double check .
She refused .
" I 'd really like to sell you this battery first , " she said .
I explained that I did n't want to pay $ 129.99 + for an extra battery for a $ 299 computer without knowing how much I 'll get refunded for the one I was returning .
She kept asking me why I was n't buying the battery from her , and I repeatedly told her that it was because I wanted to confirm the return amount , and besides , I can buy it on Dell.com for the same price , free shipping , without spelling out my name , address , and credit card number over and over .
Finally , she said :
" Ma'am , I did n't want it to come to this , but I 'll tell you this , I want to make this sale .
If you do n't buy the battery , I wo n't get my commission . "
" I understand , " I said , politely at first .
" But I really do n't want to spend that much money without knowing how much I 'll be refunded . "
" I told you , you 'll get about $ 135 . "
" Can you please just put me through to the returns person ? "
" But then I wo n't get my commission , " she said , refusing to hang up .
" That 's really not my problem .
Can you please just do your job and put me through to the returns department ? "
" I am doing my job .
My job is to sell you this battery . "
" I 'm not going to buy it now .
Since you can't answer my question about the refund , I need to talk to the person I was talking to right before you , who might be able to . "
" Then is it okay if I call you in 15 minutes to sell you this battery again ? "
" Ok , fine , call me back later , " I said .
The hold music again .
A few minutes later , someone picked up , thanked me for calling Dell , and asked me for some information so that he could connect me to the right person .
Two people later , I finally got an answer — I would get $ 35 for returning the 6 - cell battery that retails for $ 149.99 .
" But someone just tried to sell me the 3 - cell for $ 129 and told me I 'd get $ 135 back for the 6 - cell , " I said .
This woman had no idea what I was talking about , so she put me back on hold .
To be fair , I rarely have a good experience calling toll - free customer service numbers for any company .
But in the hour and a half that I spent on the phone with Dell , I spoke to about ten different people , listened to an hour of hold music , repeated my customer number , my order number , my address , my return authorization number , my purchase ID number , my phone number , and my computer 's service tag number at least two dozen times total , and spelled out my name another dozen times .
I got blackmailed into staying the phone with one person eager to make a sale and was commanded to get off of my headset ( I 'm not kidding — one guy literally yelled at me to get off my headset because he could n't hear me ) by another .
At the end of the day , I was left with no idea whether I could exchange my 6 - cell for a 3 - cell and a conviction that these Dell customer service reps must be unhappy , untrained , underpaid , or all of the above .
( I should also point out that I probably never would have encountered this giant battery issue in the first place if the Dell web site made it clear how big and how heavy the 6 - cell would be — I mean , I knew it would stick out , but there was no image or metric given to gauge how much with . )
I talked to a Dell spokesperson this morning , who explained to me that the battery can't be broken out of the system and returned or exchanged separately . *
" It 's part of the components in the system , like the processor , the memory , and the OS ; once you receive your system , you can't pull those parts out .
Your options are to return the whole thing or to buy a new battery . "
But of course !
This made perfect sense .
What did n't make sense was the wild goose chase that customer service sent me on last night .
* She also said they would use this incident as an opportunity to retrain their service reps , and that it has never been their intention to mislead their customers .
Photos : Disaster Area ( Thumbnail ) and Ndevil ( Mini 10 battery )
As if America 's aging dams were not in enough trouble already , new research suggests that their reservoirs could be increasing the intensity of extreme rainstorms in their immediate vicinities .
That 's a problem because the dams were designed for the climate that existed in the area before they were built .
If by virtue of their creation , they increase the chance that an extreme weather event will exceed the dams ' capacity , they could be less safe than previously thought .
" What if the dam itself , its reservoir , could have accelerated or intensified the heavy rainfall patterns ? " said Faisal Hossain , a hydrologist at Tennessee Tech University , who has co-authored a paper and editorial on the topic accepted for publication in Natural Hazards Review and Water Resources Research , respectively .
There is strong evidence that a standing body of water , like a lake , can alter precipitation patterns , Hossain said .
Increasing the amount of liquid water in a region increases the amount of evaporation in a region , too .
That water vapor will eventually condense and fall as precipitation .
So , it 's logical to think that a dam 's reservoir could have the same impact .
And dams allow irrigation , which can transform the land in the area , possibly leading to local climactic impacts .
Marshall Shepherd , a research meteorologist at the University of Georgia , called the findings " interesting and plausible " in an e-mail to Wired.com .
" The literature contains many examples of how extreme land use changes alter precipitation patterns , " wrote Shepherd , whose own work focuses on climactic changes induced by cities .
Shepherd would like to see more detailed analysis of the mechanics behind how a dam could change local precipitation .
That kind of work could help explain why the changes Hossain and his collaborators have observed vary so much between sites .
Some areas like southern Africa and Europe show as much as a 20 percent increase in extreme precipitation events after dams were built , but other areas , particularly in the United States , show just a percent or two increase .
Still , even a relatively small increase in the amount of precipitation could become a problem .
As dams age , they lose some of their storage capacity as silt builds up along the reservoir bed , cutting the volume of water that physically fits in the reservoir .
Hossain pointed to Lake Mead as an example , which he says has lost about 30 percent of its storage capacity .
Reservoirs with less room for precipitation are more susceptible to overflowing .
One solution to the problem could be to decrease the amount of water in the reservoir to provide more space for rainwater .
" You can always lower the level of a reservoir to handle when that heavy cloudburst or flood happens , " said Hossain .
But that could negatively impact dams ' hydroelectric and irrigation capacity and may not be popular with the dam 's users .
Before such steps are taken , however , scientists will have to determine how much of problem the dam 's alteration of local climate could be , Hossain admits .
Image : NASA / Lake Powell
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
October 28 , 2009
Contact :
Dave Finley , Public Information Officer
Socorro , NM
( 575 ) 835-7302
dfinley@nrao.edu
Blast from the Past Gives Clues About Early Universe
Astronomers using the National Science Foundation 's Very Large Array ( VLA ) radio telescope have gained tantalizing insights into the nature of the most distant object ever observed in the Universe -- a gigantic stellar explosion known as a Gamma Ray Burst ( GRB ) .
The explosion was detected on April 23 by NASA 's Swift satellite , and scientists soon realized that it was more than 13 billion light - years from Earth .
It represents an event that occurred 630 million years after the Big Bang , when the Universe was only four percent of its current age of 13.7 billion years .
Antennas of the Very Large Array
CREDIT : NRAO / AUI / NSF
" This explosion provides an unprecedented look at an era when the Universe was very young and also was undergoing drastic changes .
The primal cosmic darkness was being pierced by the light of the first stars and the first galaxies were beginning to form .
The star that exploded in this event was a member of one of these earliest generations of stars , " said Dale Frail of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory .
Astronomers turned telescopes from around the world to study the blast , dubbed GRB 090423 .
The VLA first looked for the object the day after the discovery , detected the first radio waves from the blast a week later , then recorded changes in the object until it faded from view more than two months later .
" It 's important to study these explosions with many kinds of telescopes .
Our research team combined data from the VLA with data from X -ray and infrared telescopes to piece together some of the physical conditions of the blast , " said Derek Fox of Pennsylvania State University .
" The result is a unique look into the very early Universe that we could n't have gotten any other way , " he added .
The scientists concluded that the explosion was more energetic than most GRBs , was a nearly - spherical blast , and that it expanded into a tenuous and relatively uniform gaseous medium surrounding the star .
Astronomers suspect that the very first stars in the Universe were very different -- brighter , hotter , and more massive -- from those that formed later .
They hope to find evidence for these giants by observing objects as distant as GRB 090423 or more distant .
" The best way to distinguish these distant , early - generation stars is by studying their explosive deaths , as supernovae or Gamma Ray Bursts , " said Poonam Chandra , of the Royal Military College of Canada , and leader of the research team .
While the data on GRB 090423 do n't indicate that it resulted from the death of such a monster star , new astronomical tools are coming that may reveal them .
" The Atacama Large Millimeter / submillimeter Array ( ALMA ) , will allow us to pick out these very - distant GRBs more easily so we can target them for intense followup observations .
The Expanded Very Large Array , with much greater sensitivity than the current VLA , will let us follow these blasts much longer and learn much more about their energies and environments .
We 'll be able to look back even further in time , " Frail said .
Both ALMA and the EVLA are scheduled for completion in 2012 .
Chandra , Frail and Fox worked with Shrinivas Kulkarni of Caltech , Edo Berger of Harvard University , S. Bradley Cenko of the University of California at Berkeley , Douglas C. -J. Bock of the Combined Array for Research in Millimeter - wave Astronomy in California , and Fiona Harrison and Mansi Kasliwal of Caltech .
The scientists described their research in a paper submitted to the Astrophysical Journal Letters .
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory is a facility of the National Science Foundation , operated under cooperative agreement by Associated Universities , Inc .
Travelers harassed by intense airport security after Nigerian on terror list was allowed to attempt attack on Flight 253
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Sunday , December 27 , 2009
A passenger who boarded Northwest Airlines Flight 253 in Amsterdam with attempted plane bomber Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab says the would - be terrorist had no passport and was aided by a sharp - dressed man who claimed Mutallab was a Sudanese refugee , just one of a plethora of startling inconsistencies surrounding an incident that has led to ramped up security and increased levels of harassment in airports .
Every single fact that has come to light since the attempted bombing on Christmas Day directly indicates that the bomber was deliberately allowed to board the plane and that his attack would have succeeded if not for the alert and brave reactions of the passengers and flight crew .
According to Kurt Haskell , an attorney with the Haskell Law Firm in Taylor , Michigan , “ He and his wife were sitting on the ground near their boarding gate in Amsterdam , which is when they saw Mutallab approach the gate with an unidentified man . ”
Mutallab was a poorly dressed , young looking individual , but he was accompanied by a man in an expensive suit , Haskell told MLive.com .
“ He says the suited man asked ticket agents whether Mutallab could board without a passport .
“ The guy said , ‘ He ’s from Sudan and we do this all the time . ’ ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Although Mutallab is Nigerian , Haskell said the well - dressed man portrayed him as a desperate Sudanese refugee in an attempt to elicit sympathy and as a way of bypassing his lack of documents .
“ The ticket agent referred Mutallab and his companion to her manager down the hall , and Haskell did n’t see Mutallab again until after he allegedly tried to detonate an explosive on the plane , ” states the report .
Crucially , Haskell said that after the plane landed he saw another man being taken into custody by the FBI along with Mutallab .
However , the FBI later said that Mutallab was the only individual taken into custody .
Were the feds retrieving their own agent , the sharp dressed man who ensured that Mutallab boarded the plane despite his overwhelmingly suspicious circumstances ?
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Mutallab was a known security threat who was on the terror watch list .
He is barred from entering Britain after being refused a new visa due to applying for a fake university course .
Separate reports said that he did hold a valid visa , which begs the question , how can someone on a terror watch list be allowed to fly ?
“ On the one hand , it seems he ’s been on the terror watch list but not on the no-fly list , ” he said .
“ That does n’t square because the American Department for Homeland Security has pretty stringent data - mining capability .
I do n’t understand how he had a valid visa if he was known on the terror watch list , ” Dr Magnus Ranstorp of the Center for Asymmetric Threat Studies told the London Independent .
It has also been revealed that Mutallab ’s father contacted U.S. intelligence officials a month ago and warned them that his son was a threat , but nothing was done .
The bomber ’s father , Alhaji Umaru Mutallab , was a a former minister and chairman of First Bank in Nigeria .
The bomber does not fit the image of a disgruntled , rag - tag terrorist .
His considerable wealth allowed him to live in luxury at an imposing London mansion .
As a result of the failed attack , new security directives have been introduced for anyone traveling into America .
Intense body and hand - luggage searches and sniffer dogs have been beefed up at departure gates and passengers have been ordered not to stand during the final hour of the flight and are not allowed access to any of their hand luggage during the final hour .
There can be little doubt that whatever the nature of this incident , it will be exploited to the maximum in order to further tighten the stranglehold of police state security measures that are increasingly finding their way out of the airport and into our everyday lives .
Homeland Security proposals to use a mandatory shock bracelet that will be fitted to all travelers will now move closer to implementation , as will the increased global rollout of x-ray scanning machines that produce naked images of passengers .
However , if you ’re a suspicious looking man on a terror watch list with no passport carrying explosives , you should breeze through security with no questions asked , just be sure to have a sharp - dressed man with you at all times .
This article was posted : Sunday , December 27 , 2009 at 7:27 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Colorado A dvocates for B ody
Integrity and C hildren 's Rights Formerly Colorado NOCIRC
by
We wrote a few weeks back about how to get Google Maps Navigation to work for Android users outside of the US .
Navigation worked great and was very functional .
However , as can be expected , Google have externally closed the loophole preventing users from using the service outside of the US .
When loading up navigation now you get simple message saying “ No Route Found – Navigation to your Destination Not Possible ” .
The thread on XDA Developers explains what is happening and what their teams are trying to do to get around it again .
Ideas currently being worked on include looking in to using a proxy server to give the appearance to Google that you are in the US although I am sure it will be another cat and mouse game where users create a way around the restriction and Google in turn , close it off .
Keep your eye on the XDA thread to follow along if you are wanting to use Google Maps Navigation outside the US .
Hopefully Google will open it up in 2010 sometime and sort out the licensing issues that are causing it to be blocked for now .
In the seven seconds it takes to complete an average Grand Prix pit stop , a driver will get four fresh tires , a tank of fuel , an inspection to remove debris from nooks and crannies , and maybe some shiny new parts to replace any track casualties .
It ’s a hyperdrive time warp where jobs that might take an afternoon at your local garage are crammed into a few heartbeats .
Dozens of mechanics work in choreographed synchrony , while team managers analyze every detail of every task down to hundredths of a second .
We talked to Red Bull Racing ’s own in - house clock watcher , Jonathan Wheatley , to find out what happens during the longest seven seconds in motor sports .
Jacks :
1.2 man-seconds
Two jack men — one in front , one in back — lift the car a few inches so service can commence .
The Red Bull jack is a simple mechanical lever ( fewer parts to jam or fail ) with a collapsible frame .
Instead of letting the racer down gently when the work is done , a jack man pulls a switch to drop it to the ground .
Junk Removal :
2 man-seconds
If even a shred of a plastic bag gets into the guts of an F1 car , it could be curtains for the race — maybe even for the engine .
So when the pneumatic gun operators are done locking down the tires , two of them reach into the scorching radiator inlets and check for dangerous hitchhikers .
115.8 man-seconds of work are completed in just 7 seconds .
Tires :
48 man-seconds
A dozen crew members swap out the tires , three on each wheel .
One works the pneumatic gun , one pulls off the old shoe , and one mounts the new rubber ( prewarmed to between 176 and 212 degrees ) .
Then the gun man refastens the wheel nut — in Red Bull ’s case , to a staggering 700 lb - ft .
Fuel :
11.6 man-seconds
It takes two crew members to handle an F1 fuel rig , one on the nozzle and one just to wrangle the massive hose .
The amount for each fill - up is planned by race engineers and preloaded into the line .
Once connected , the go - juice is pumped at an officially mandated 3.2 gallons per second .
Part Swaps :
53 man-seconds
The most frequently damaged part of an F1 racer is the nose assembly .
Because it doubles as a jacking point , when a new front end is needed , the front wheel men must lift up the car and set it on a carbon - fiber box .
If all goes well , the team can change out a nose during an average seven - second stop .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The previous two changes to the Formula 1 points scoring system were implemented to alter the weighting between each position .
The new - for - 1991 system increased the winner 's score from 9 to 10 , then the 2003 tweak increased the prize for second place from 6 to 8 , and extended to eighth place .
The latest change , confirmed by the FIA World Motor Sport Council today , although it seems to be the most dramatic in the sport 's history , is not intended to - and will not - significantly alter the outcome of a championship .
Instead , it is simply to further increase the number of scoring cars from eight to 10 in accordance with the grid being boosted to 26 cars .
In essence , it is just to make the smaller teams more likely to score and to give them something to fight for .
The higher scores will punish retirements more heavily , but in turn a driver can recover more quickly with a greater number of points on offer for a win or podium finish .
Under the 2010 system , the result of this year 's championship would have been exactly the same .
Jenson Button would have beaten Sebastian Vettel ( 243 points to 203 ) , with Rubens Barrichello third ( 187 ) , Mark Webber fourth ( 178 ) , Lewis Hamilton fifth ( 123 ) , Kimi Raikkonen sixth ( 119 ) , etc .
The close finishes of 2007 and 2008 would have retained the same order under the new system , with the following scores :
2008
Lewis Hamilton 240
Felipe Massa 239
2007
Kimi Raikkonen 271
Lewis Hamilton 270
Fernando Alonso 268
The close finish of 2003 would also have produced the same result , with Michael Schumacher beating Raikkonen 225 to 221 .
In fact , you 'd have to go back to 1999 to find the first change of place .
Under the 2010 system , Eddie Irvine would have beaten Mika Hakkinen to the title 230 to 218 .
But Irvine would also have won that title under the 2003 -2009 system .
The only major impact next season 's system will have is the effect the 2.5 x increase to the available points has on the statistical history of F1 .
For example , in their careers Ayrton Senna scored 614 points , Nigel Mansell 482 and Jackie Stewart 360 .
A rookie driver now could pass all three in three seasons .
Even Schumacher 's 1369 would n't take all that much catching , which makes rather a mess of history for those that value the all - time stats .
But equally , you could already have argued that the statistics are skewed by the increase from 9 to 10 for a win , from six to eight cars scoring , by the varying amount of dropped scores between 1967 and 1990 , and by the number of races in a season - from seven in 1950 to 19 in 2005 .
The Optimum Population trust today launched a unique project that enables carbon offsets to be made through the support of family planning .
This innovative approach stems from a report that shows meeting the otherwise unmet demand for family planning could be the most cost - effective means of achieving CO2 reductions .
For example , we believe every £ 4 spent on family planning saves one tonne of CO2 .
A similar reduction would require an £ 8 investment in tree planting , £ 15 in wind power , £ 31 in solar energy and £ 56 in hybrid vehicle technology .
The initiative is supported by patrons of our trust including Sir David Attenborough , Prof Paul Ehrlich , Prof John Guillebaud , Susan Hampshire , Prof Aubrey Manning , Sara Parkin , Jonathon Porritt , Prof Chris Rapley and Sir Crispin Tickell .
It is the world 's first scheme to channel offset funds directly into improving family planning services in developing countries .
It will give practical help : both to the poorest women in the world to enable them to control their own fertility and to humanity by tackling the threat posed by human - induced climate change to supplies of food , water and to social stability worldwide .
All environmental and developmental problems become more challenging with ever more people on the planet .
Thus population restraint in all countries is a key , but often unacknowledged , component of any world initiative to limit global warming . .
We ask our negotiators at the Copenhagen climate conference this month to recognise the fact that world population growth increases the number both of carbon emitters ( especially , indeed , in rich countries with large carbon footprints ) and of future victims of climate change .
This project will , for the first time , enable all those who accept the link between population and climate change to make a practical contribution towards resolving the problems it causes , while reducing poverty in the poorest countries .
We are concerned about the focus upon techno - solutions at the expense of the wider environment .
For example , a hydroelectric dam can have devastating consequences for the local ecology , whereas reducing population would remove environmental pressures .
In addition , the funding of such capital - intensive programmes through donations from carbon offsets simply releases capital elsewhere for other , possibly less benign , projects .
The wider gains by carbon offsetting through family planning include alleviating poverty through improvements in health , nutrition and education for women and children , reducing the scale of all environmental problems including the effects of peak oil ; deforestation ; freshwater shortages ; soil erosion and desertification ; the mounting food crisis ; declining fisheries ; loss of biodiversity ; rising waste and pollution ; ocean acidification ; and depletion of finite resources – all of which would be easier to solve with fewer people , and ultimately impossible to solve with ever more .
In any case , on a finite planet human numbers must stop growing at some point , either earlier through fewer births ( contraception backed by sound policy ) , or later by more deaths ( famine , disease , and war ) .
Indefinite growth is simply not an option .
• David Burton is an environmental strategist and member of the Optimum Population Trust
This is the last post for The Hills !
Thanks everyone who reads the blog and I will continue on with The City when it starts again .
I do n't know what i'm going to watch on tv now that The Hills is over !
This is the last outfit in the last episode :
Kristen wears Earnest Sewn Vintage Keaton Denim Cut Off Shorts in White
She also carries a Treesje Monoco Satchel in Black approx $ 305.00 USD .
Kristen also wears Dolce Vita Cajun Gladiator Sandals for $ 67.07 USD
It wasted its immense fiscal firepower , scattering money for 20 years on half - baked spending projects to keep the economy afloat .
QE was too little , too late , and this is the lesson for the West .
We must cut borrowing drastically over the next decade , and offset this with ultra-easy monetary policy .
Does Downing Street understand this ?
Does the White House ?
Does the European Central Bank ?
Clearly not .
Taking place many years after Phantom Hourglass , The Legend of Zelda : Spirit Tracks takes Link on yet another adventure through Hyrule .
However , instead of traveling by horse or boat , Link is now a train engineer and goes everywhere on his trusty steam engine .
When I first heard this news I was n’t exactly jumping for joy .
Fortunately , like most Legend of Zelda titles , Spirit Tracks is filled with puzzle filled dungeons and epic boss fights .
Long time Zelda fans as well as newcomers to the series will want to give this game a look .
If you ’ve played any other Zelda game before this one you will know the basic story of Spirit Tracks , and its resolution , about a half an hour into the game .
Most of the elements of a classic Zelda story are here including an evil demon terrorizing the land , the collecting of new weapons and objects to help destroy said evil demon and a magical musical instrument to help you throughout your adventure .
That being said , I enjoyed the way the story was told .
Instead of bringing back Gannondorf , the evil demon is a brand new character named Malladus that terrorized Hyrule over a hundred years ago , but was sealed away until someone decided they wanted to resurrect him .
Also , the idea of the spirit tracks is interesting .
Originally the spirit tracks were used to contain Malladus , but then people started traveling on them .
When Malladus is being resurrected , the spirit tracks naturally disappear , so Link has to travel to the different temples to bring the tracks back and open up new parts of Hyrule .
If you ’re in no hurry to play through the story , Spirit Tracks offers up plenty of stuff to do on the side .
These side quests include transporting people , transporting goods or playing mini games .
Rewards for doing these missions can range from upgrades to your weapons arsenal to unlocking more of the spirit tracks and traveling to new places .
These are not required to complete the story , but if you like getting 100 % on all of the games you play , this will add a lot more time onto the game play .
Spirit Tracks continues with the cartoon look as seen in Phantom Hourglass and Wind Waker .
The game looks very similar to Phantom Hourglass , which means it looks great by DS standards .
The character and monster models are varied and original , the dungeons all have their own unique look and feel to them and the over world is vibrant , colorful and always a joy to look at while you are on your train .
A staple in the Zelda series has always been the epic music that comes with it .
This entry is no exception .
The soundtrack for Spirit Tracks is fantastic and filled with energy .
The most notable song is the one that plays while you are on the train .
The main train theme sounds like your typical fantasy song , but with a western feel .
The rest of the sound is pretty run of the mill .
Sound effects like bombs blowing up and the sword swinging sound like they should , and the characters still prefer to yell at random times instead of talk , which is n’t necessarily a bad thing .
Spirit Tracks has all of the game play elements you find in every Zelda game , plus some new ones .
Some of the additions include controlling the train , controlling Zelda , and utilizing the DS ’ microphone .
Some of these can be entertaining , but they can also be quite frustrating .
Along with these new additions to the gameplay , you will find that the entire game is stylus controlled , which is great for some things , but not so great for others .
The first thing I noticed about Spirit Tracks was the control style .
I ’m not a big fan of having to control everything with the stylus , and in Spirit Tracks some of it feels natural , while other times it feels forced .
The train controls are solid and fun to use , but when Link is on foot the stylus has too many jobs .
Tap and hold to move , double tap to roll , and attack by tapping an enemy or by quickly moving the stylus across the touch screen .
I know they ’re trying to use the DS to the fullest , but the puzzles that required more precise movements would have been much less taxing with traditional controls .
When this title was first announced , I was wondering how controlling a train on already set up tracks could be fun .
There seems to be no opportunity to explore the world other than where the tracks lead you .
Having the tracks cover most of the world and giving the players speed settings and choices on where to go when the tracks split solve this problem .
When you get to a certain point in the game you can also customize your train with different types of cars .
Overall the train controls are implemented well , but there are parts where long train journeys can drag on for what seems like forever .
The aspect about the train that disappointed me was that it was used as a tool to artificially lengthen the game .
Opening up paths to new temples always took a little work , but some of it was unnecessary .
One specific example I remember is traveling from the top - left corner of the map to the bottom - right corner only to find that the bridge was out .
Not long after I learned that the bridge repair main lived in the top - left corner of the map , so I had to travel all the way back , pick him up and bring him to the broken bridge .
I know it would be too easy to just go from temple to temple without any obstacles , but things like the bridge scenario seem a little excessive .
The next addition to this game is your ability to control Zelda .
Unfortunately , this aspect of the game is more frustrating than fun .
The premise behind controlling Zelda is the fact that she follows you around as a spirit .
She is sort of like Navi from Ocarina of Time , only considerably less annoying .
There is a temple you have to keep revisiting and after doing some preliminary work , Zelda is able to control one of the armored phantoms in the temple .
Actually controlling Zelda is more of a chore than an innovative control style .
The way you control her is by touching a button at the armored phantom ’s feet and drawing a line from point A to point B for Zelda to walk along .
You will find out very quickly that Zelda ’s path finding is terrible and she will walk into walls , or get stuck on something unless you babysit her every step of the way .
What makes this worse is you have to do this throughout the course of the entire game since you have to keep revisiting this one temple .
You may not have to redo the same floors like in Phantom Hourglass , but this control method wore heavily on my patience and it should have been implemented better .
The last of the notable new features is the use of the microphone .
The musical instrument in Spirit Tracks is a set of panpipes and there is also a weapon that makes mini tornadoes that Link uses throughout his adventure .
Both of these require you to blow into the microphone and that ’s fine … if you ’re not in public .
The purpose of a handheld system is to play it on the go , so it is going to look really weird when you start blowing into your DS like a maniac trying to solve a timed puzzle or play a song .
It ’s not a deal breaker , but you will probably want to keep Spirit Tracks confined to the privacy of your home .
Spirit Tracks still has the elemental temples and the great boss fights that most Zelda games are known for .
Each temple besides the main one is a blast to play through and the boss fights at the end never disappoint .
Some of the puzzles can be pretty easy , but others will have you scratching your head for a little while .
Even though there are some new additions to this game that might not be for the best , the core of the game is still classic Zelda .
In addition to the single player mode , there is also a multiplayer battle mode .
Up to four people can play off of one cartridge and each person is Link with a different colored tunic .
The point is to collect as many force gems ( gems that look like triforce pieces ) as possible .
You can collect power ups to make other players drop their gems and there is a phantom walking around that will try to hit the players .
Overall it feels tacked on and it is definitely not the main focus .
Spirit Tracks is worth a look mainly because it continues the Zelda storyline .
The story is well told , even if fans have heard it all before and the graphics and sound are great .
The core game play of going through the temples is very fun , but some of the new additions could have been implemented better and the stylus controls are finicky at times .
Spirit Tracks is worth renting and playing through , but the overly frustrating aspects of the game might not leave you wanting more .
– — – — – — – — – –
Published by : Nintendo
Developed by : Nintendo EAD
ESRB Rating : E for Everyone
Platforms : DS
Release Date : December 7 , 2009
Genre : Action - Adventure
Arnold Kling explains why our political leaders wo n't break up the Too Big To Fail banks :
My answer to both relates to what I call the Harvard - Goldman filter .
The Harvard - Goldman filter works like this .
1 . To get into a position of power , you have to pass through a filter .
The easiest way to show that you can pass through the filter is to go to Harvard and then work for Goldman .
2 . If you do not go to Harvard and work for Goldman , then you have to show that you can get along with people who did .
3 . The best way to show that you can get along with people who pass the Harvard - Goldman filter is to show that you believe in applying the Harvard - Goldman filter .
Why was Tim Geithner regarded as such an obvious , in fact necessary , choice to be Treasury Secretary ?
Because he satisfies the Harvard - Goldman filter , particularly point ( 3 ) .
He is not going to bring people from the wrong social caste into the policymaking arena .
Posted on December 9 , 2009 in Political Cartoons
For background purposes :
Palin ’s father , Chuck Heath , gave a different account to Conroy and Walshe .
According to him , the presence of so many Asians and Pacific Islanders made her uncomfortable : “ They were a minority type thing and it was n’t glamorous , so she came home . ”
See Also : Great News For Sarah ! ,
Why are Young Conservatives Embarrassed by the GOP ? , Palin can see Asia from her house … , Sarah Palin ’s dad :
She left Hawaii because Asians made her uncomfortable , Palin ’s Father : She Left Hawaii Because Asians Made Her Uncomfortable , Holy shit , Sarah Palin ’s Hawaiian adventure ,
It ’s a minority type thing .
You would n’t understand … , Lamestream Media Portraying Palin As Racist , Sarah Palin and Hawaii do n’t mix ?
About comfort zones vs going rogue , Did “ Asians Scare Sarah Palin Away ” from Hawaii ? ,
The latest Sarah Palin Bombshell , No Asians for Sarah Palin , and Palin left college in Hawaii because Asians made her uncomfortable : ‘ They were a minority type thing . ’.
[ tags ] sarah palin , sara palin , fuuuuuu , fuuuuu comic , rage comic , ragetoon , Hawaii Pacific University , hawaii university , university of hawaii , racism , sarah palen , funny comic , cartoon , comic , college , going to college , sarah palin going to college , university , asians , asian - americans [ / tags ]
CHARLOTTE , N.C.  Regulators on Friday shut down banks in Florida , Arizona and Kansas , bringing to 133 the number of United States banks that have failed to hold up this year against the struggling economy and a cascade of loan defaults .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation took over Republic Federal Bank in Miami , with $ 433 million in assets and $ 352.7 million in deposits .
The F.D.I.C. also took over Valley Capital Bank of Mesa , Ariz. , with $ 40.3 million in assets and $ 41.3 million in deposits ; and SolutionsBank in Overland Park , Kan. , with $ 511.1 million in assets and $ 421.3 million in deposits .
The F.D.I.C. estimates the failure of Republic Federal will cost the deposit insurance fund $ 122.6 million ; the failure of Valley Capital an estimated $ 7.4 million ; and the failure of SolutionsBank an estimated $ 122.1 million .
The Army Corps of Engineers acknowledged Friday that tests taken earlier this fall revealed 32 positive DNA samples for Asian carp above the electric fish barrier on the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal , some within about eight miles of the shoreline of Lake Michigan .
The Journal Sentinel first reported the apparent barrier breach Thursday , though the Army Corps refused to acknowledge it until Friday morning .
There now appears to be nothing left standing between the supersized , ecosystem - ravaging fish and the world 's largest freshwater system other than the constantly swinging gates of two busy navigation locks , and it may be only a matter of time until the fish are jumping and flopping in Lake Michigan waters from Chicago to Door County - and beyond .
" It 's a disaster , " said Dan Thomas , president of the Great Lakes Sport Fishing Council .
" Heads should roll for this . "
The Great Lakes commercial and sport fishing industries are valued at over $ 7 billion annually , and Asian carp pose a threat to those businesses because they can grow bigger than 50 pounds , sometimes much bigger , and they can consume 20 % of their weight in plankton per day .
That 's food upon which every other fish species directly or indirectly depends .
Two distinct Asian carp species have been detected above the barrier , bighead carp and their slightly smaller cousin , silver carp .
Silver carp are considered a particular menace because of their penchant for leaping out of the water when agitated by the whir of a boat motor .
The Great Lakes region is home to more than 4 million registered recreational boats , about a third of the U.S. total .
Boat owners here may someday have to learn to live on a different and dangerous set of lakes ; hockey helmets are considered standard safety gear for some boaters on infested waters of the Mississippi River basin .
Fish evidence , but no fish
No actual fish have been found above the electric barrier , which itself is about 20 miles south of Lake Michigan .
But biologists say the water samples provide some compelling - and distressing - evidence that the fish imported decades ago by an Arkansas fish farmer and subsequently let loose during federally funded sewage treatment experiments finally busted past the electric barrier .
It is a barrier that has never been turned up to its full capacity due to concerns it would disrupt barge operators and recreational boaters on the Chicago canal .
" We 're assuming ( the fish ) are there because we have to , " said John Rogner , assistant director of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources .
" It 's the best data we have . "
The biologists responsible for detecting the fish with cutting - edge " environmental " DNA testing agreed .
" There is no reason to think that there are n't carp present when the DNA is detected , " said University of Notre Dame 's David Lodge .
The tests were taken on Sept. 23 and Oct. 1 , and the results were not available to the Army Corps until Tuesday .
Lodge said no DNA tests have been conducted on Lake Michigan itself , but he said there is still reason to be optimistic they would be negative .
" As a biologist and somebody who has spent decades now studying many different kinds of invasive species , we should not assume all is lost because there may be some silver and bighead ( carp ) above the barrier , " Lodge said .
" There are lots of cases , well documented from many parts of the world , where a small number of organisms may invade new areas , but they may die out before they establish a sustainable reproducing population .
So it 's very important to keep the numbers of individual organisms as low as possible . "
The Army Corps agrees , and said Friday it will steam ahead with plans to poison the Chicago canal just below the barrier to kill all the fish in a several - mile downriver stretch in early December so the barrier can be shut down for a day or two for regular maintenance .
Army Corps officials said Friday they would continue DNA testing above the barrier and will consider poisoning options in the areas where DNA is detected .
Government officials also said they would consider changing the way they operate two busy navigational locks near the shoreline of Lake Michigan .
" All options are on the table , " said Rogner .
Officials said research is already under way to try to manage carp populations in the Great Lakes , similar to the Great Lakes lamprey sterilization program that keeps numbers of that invasive parasite in check .
" We anticipate that someday this kind of operation may have to occur with carp , " said Charles Wooley , deputy regional director for U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
Too weak to work ?
Army Corps officials declined to speculate how the fish might have made it past the barrier .
One possible reason is that it was n't operating at a level strong enough to repel all sizes of Asian carp until August , when the newly developed DNA tests first detected the fish within several miles of the barrier .
Previous fish - shocking surveys had showed the carp stalled for several years about 20 miles below the barrier .
The Journal Sentinel reported a year ago that Army Corps officials planned to operate the barrier at one - quarter of its designed strength , due to the potential for electrical arcing and the resulting safety concerns for barge operators and boaters on the canal .
They made that decision despite research that showed one - quarter strength , or one volt per inch , is not strong enough to repel all sizes of Asian carp .
The barrier was turned on in April at one volt per inch , and the Army Corps said it would consider bumping up the voltage if the fish were detected closer to the barrier .
The Journal Sentinel reported on Aug. 7 that DNA tests revealed the fish were indeed on the move .
The Army Corps turned up the power on the barrier to two volts later that month after conducting several days of safety tests .
Agency officials said at the time that laboratory tests showed two volts , with the proper pulse frequency , is strong enough to repel all sizes of fish .
Conservationists
Thursday said the only thing left to do now is to close the navigation locks to determine with certainty if the fish have indeed breached the barrier .
And if they have , it 's time to try to kill those fish .
" The important thing now is to make sure no fish get into Lake Michigan , and since we 've got those structures in place that will help us do that , that is where we 've got to focus , " said Joel Brammeier of the Alliance for the Great Lakes .
Zwischensumme {{ subTotal | currency ( order.currency_symbol ) }} {{ order.
currency === ' USD ' ? ' USD ' : '' }} {{ subTotalWithDiscount | currency ( order.currency_symbol ) }} {{ order.
currency === ' USD ' ? ' USD ' : '' }}
Zwischensumme {{ subTotal | currency ( order.currency_symbol ) }} {{ order.
currency === ' USD ' ? ' USD ' : ''
}}
Things are going so well for California , that the state now facing a $ 1 billion deficit after just patching up $ 60 billion in deficits , is now looking to withhold more taxes from your paycheck .
Of course this is n’t a tax hike ( so we are told and technically , they are correct ) .
This is just a way for the state to patch up more revenue gaps because after all , the economy is booming supposedly .
It boggles the mind that people seem to forget these facts .
Ask yourself if the state were doing so well , why would they be running so many gimmicks ?
Not only are they going after withholdings earlier , but they just finished another round of selling bonds ( aka borrowing ) .
Either way , the V - shaped recovery crowd is ready to overpay for housing once again .
Forget the fact that Alt - A and option ARM loans are still as toxic as they ever were and start hitting in full force in 2010 .
It is always good to put things into context .
We can all admit that in 2009 , sales did jump up in Southern California .
Over half the state lives here , so this is a good overall barometer of how things are playing out .
How significant is the sales jump this year in relation to other years during the decade ?
Let us find out :
At the peak over 362,000 homes and condos sold in Southern California in 2003 .
Assuming the “ torrid ” pace of 2009 , we are on track for 230,000 to 240,000 sales this year .
That does n’t even come close to any of the boom years .
Also , 45 to 50 percent of all home sales in 2009 have been foreclosure resales .
So this is another factor to keep in mind .
The bottom line is even with massive price drops , the market is nowhere close to the bubble days .
Let us break down the data further :
What this chart tells us is that home sales increased because of massive price drops .
That is , if half the market is distressed sales and these are sold at markedly lower prices by default ( otherwise they would n’t be distressed ) then we are to reason that the movement has occurred because of lower price points .
In other words , would n’t you think an increase in price would stifle this trend ?
Absolutely .
The Alt - A and option ARM issues will start resonating stronger in 2010 and this will begin to add pressure on the mid to upper tier markets .
Yes , delusional folks who ca n’t see outside their tiny niche market do n’t look at charts like the above that show the median price falling by 50 % and still being near the bottom for the entire region .
After all , their area is special .
And easy lending has allowed another surge in mini bubbles .
People are once again jumping into over priced homes in California .
Yet I believe this is merely a false bottom .
Why ?
First , the state is still in a fiscal mess that really seems to go on for a few years .
People should gear up for more cuts and tax hikes .
Those that believe Prop 13 is sacred should ask Texas and New Jersey how their property tax rates look like .
California is a tax happy state .
High personal income tax , sales tax , and other taxes so why are we to believe that anything is off the table ?
I ’m not saying this is good or bad but when you box a big tiger like this in a corner , do n’t be shocked if you get bitten .
And for better or worse , property tax revenues are a much more stable source of income than say , personal income taxes and sales taxes that directly fluctuate with recessions .
Setting that aside , the Alt - A and option ARM problem is still there .
Getting a loan is not as easy as you once thought .
Take this for an example .
Notice how much fewer credit card offers you are getting in the mail ?
Well this is because in Q3 of 2006 credit card companies sent out a stunning 2.1 billion in direct mail solicitations .
For Q3 of 2009 389 million were sent out .
What do credit card companies know that the recovery cheerleaders do n’t know ?
Could it be that defaults are through the roof ?
Possibly .
It could be that 22 percent of California is unemployed or underemployed :
This above rate is unprecedented .
So why is it good news that we are lending big mortgages through FHA insured loans in many cases , to people that are stretching their dollar much too thin ?
Is n’t this what got us into this crisis ?
Yes .
Are we to expect a different outcome ?
No .
And riddle me this .
If this economy recovery is legit why are we now talking about a second stimulus and needing to extend the home buyer tax credit welfare voucher ?
Go by actions , not by words .
California Insurance Fund
As you would expect , our unemployment insurance fund is bleeding money :
“ ( OC Register ) California ’s unemployment insurance trust fund is bleeding money with state officials estimating it will be $ 27.3 billion in the hole by the end of 2011 , according to a new state forecast .
Officials already were projecting major deficits in the fund a year ago , before the full impact of the banking crisis hit in late 2008 .
The fund ’s losses accelerated this year as the country plunged into its deepest recession in 70 years with California ’s unemployment rate hitting a modern - day high of 12.3 % in August .
Employers , who support the fund through a tax on each worker , are expected to contribute $ 4.3 billion this year but that is nowhere near the $ 12.5 billion that is projected to be paid out in benefits .
After eking out a $ 326.2 million surplus in 2008 , the trust fund is expected to be $ 7.4 billion in the red by the end of this year . ”
The federal government will forgive the interest for this year and next but the clock starts ticking in 2011 .
As if we needed any additional future burdens .
Again , data like this shows us that the housing market is now at risk for a bigger risk factor .
The actual reality based economy .
This is more typical in previous recessions where housing would start declining after unemployment hit .
This time , so many toxic mortgages were floating out there that all it took was for home prices to level and the entire Ponzi scheme came crashing down .
With home prices declining as they have , it is revealing massive budget deficits .
This is to be expected when you plan revenues from nefarious and transient sources .
Those are not coming back .
Just ask Bernard Madoff how well that works in the long - run .
We also have to remember that in terms of prices , Alt - A and option ARMs helped boost housing prices and the ridiculous leverage buyers had in California .
Home buyers in California had maximum leverage of OPM ( other people ’s money ) even though incomes did not reflect absurd valuations :
You look at the above and then you throw in the state income and it all becomes too apparent :
How in the world is a $ 60,000 median income going to support a $ 500,000 home ?
At the maximum end , it would prudently be able to afford a $ 200,000 home ( and that is stretching it ) .
The current state median home price is $ 251,000 but keep in mind , much of this is because of foreclosure resale homes .
The next ballgame to look at is the mid to upper tier markets that largely have not corrected based on their own bubbles .
Their dynamics reflect more esoteric loans such as the Alt - A and option ARMs .
The Path Ahead ?
There will be many odd movements in the market next year .
You may see the median price move up because of lower priced mid to upper tier homes moving in larger amounts of volume .
That is , someone that bought a Culver City home in 1998 for $ 200,000 and at the peak in 2007 would have sold for $ 750,000 , is now selling for $ 500,000 .
This is actually a significant price increase from the first sale and will show up in the median price but also , the Case - Shiller repeat sale index .
So watch for things like this .
The Alt - A and option ARM recasts that will happen , will add higher priced distressed inventory on the market .
Much of the subprime problems are behind us now .
That is why you see homes in say the Inland Empire now selling for $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 that only a few years ago seemed impossible .
We can expect the state to have another major budget deficit .
Expectations range from $ 7 billion to $ 20 billion .
But the stock market is up and rich people pay most of the taxes right ?
Yes .
But keep in mind they pay estimated taxes and these are significantly down even after the casino has gone up .
Why ?
Many of the wealthy have accountants unlike the working stiffs that can carry over losses from 2008 over to many additional years .
In other words , do n’t expect the state to get a 60 percent jump in revenues just because the stock market is up by this much .
So what should you look for in a bottom ?
Well first , we need to see job growth .
Enough of this “ job less ” recovery non-sense .
People pay for bills from wages .
Also , if you buy that home today , your future buyer may not have your same incentives .
That is , the tax credit ca n’t go on forever .
FHA is now looking at a government bailout and will probably have to become more stringent because they are bleeding money thanks to their near toxic underwriting .
Plus , if you have n’t notice , the US dollar is getting hammered because what a stunner , we are simply spending money we do n’t have .
If even a tiny currency crisis happens and the Federal Reserve is forced to raise rates ( ca n’t go much lower than 0 ) , you can kiss goodbye to those cheap 30 year mortgages ( which are at 40 year historical lows – ca n’t get any lower ) .
In other words , a future buyer may not even be able to afford your home so get comfortable because you might be staying there for a very long time .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Recently at Anime USA , Elder - Geek.com had a few brief moments to chat with Jo Chen .
Here ’s what she had to say !
Jo Chen :
It ’s nice meeting you !
I ’m happy to be at Anime USA and I ’m glad to participate !
Elder - Geek.com : Nice to meet you too !
For our readers who do n’t know your work , why do n’t you tell us what you do for a living .
JC : Draw comics !
Originally I started off in Asia doing interior art only , doing mostly Manga in black and white .
My whole family immigrated to the United States from Taipei , Taiwan when I was 19 .
At that time I just graduated from high school and signed my first contract with a publisher in Taiwan .
In the beginning I was going to school , trying to learn how to speak English and at the same time I was still working for the publisher in Taiwan .
It was n’t until about 1999 that I started to put my portfolio online .
That when I was asked to do a spinoff series for Speed Racer ( Racer X ) and that ’s actually how I started working in the United States .
EG : What projects are you working on right now ?
JC : Well , a lot of people know me from the Buffy The Vampire Slayer comic series .
I ’ve been doing the Buffy covers continuously .
I ’m also working on some Star Wars titles called Invasion for Dark Horse Comics .
I ’m also working on a video game project : Fable .
EG : You ’re working on Fable III ?
JC : Yes .
I ’m also working on trade cover for Incarnate written by Nick Simmons and published through Radical comics .
I ’ve done a series of covers for them .
EG : So you worked on the cover of Fable II as well ?
JC : Yes and Fable I .
EG : Are you finished with your work or Fable III ?
JC : No .
We ’re still working on it .
It ’s not like comics .
Art for video games is a lot more complicated and take longer than doing comics .
In comics , general the editor comes to you with what they ’d like to see on the cover .
Often times they ’ll ask me about suggestions as to what I ’d like to put on the cover .
The covers are based on some idea that ’s already there .
For video games and their packaging , I have to create the thumbnails .
And then there ’s meetings .
And then I do the pencil work .
And then more meetings ( smiles ) .
Basically , we have to evolve through many steps .
So the process takes a little bit longer .
EG : Have you had to work directly with Peter Molyneux on these ?
JC : As a matter of fact I ’ve only a conference with Lionhead studios once .
But most of the time , I work with the marketing directors .
Basically we work back and forth to let me know what Lionhead studios wants and what Microsoft wants .
EG : Anything else you want to talk about any other projects you ’d like people to know about ?
JC : Right now I should really update my website !
I used to be better at letting people know what I ’m working on .
I use it quite a bit to let people know what ’s going on .
I ’m all over the place !
But right now I ’m also working some Street Fighter illustrations .
EG : Excellent !
JC : I ’m not sure what they ’ll do with the art .
They might be using it for an art book or something like that .
I ’m not certain which version of the game it ’s for .
The latest object to shoot high - def video from the edge of space is …an arm chair . •
The shots were taken at a staggering 98,268 feet above the earth using Toshiba 's own cameras•
To reach the altitude required and to conform with Federal Aviation Administration regulations , the weight of the rig had to be carefully managed to a weight of no more than four pounds •
Tied to the rig was a specially created full - sized model chair made of biodegradable balsa wood – the chair was made by a company called Artem and cost about £ 2,500 •
Launch coordinates of the rig were - 119 degrees , 14 minutes by 40 degrees , 48 minute ( 12 miles North - East of the town of Gerlach , Nevada ) •
The quality of the footage from the Toshiba IK - HR1S cameras was : 1920x1080 pixel count ; 1080 i @ 50hz ; 100 Mbps •
The temperature dropped to minus 90 degrees when the chair reached 52,037 feet •
The chair took 83 minutes to reach an altitude of 98,268 feet where it broke and took just 24 minutes to fall back down to earth with the rig .
A U.S. journalist was grilled by Canadian border officials for 90 minutes Wednesday .
Officials demanded to know if Democracy Now’s Amy Goodman was going to speak against hosting the Olympic games in Canada .
CBC has more details here .
Goodman said that she and her crew “ were flagged right off the bat , ” and that they “ demanded her notes . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
She said they sifted through their vehicle and perused one of her colleague ’s computer .
Goodman said that it “ has a very chilling effect when you ’re a journalist and you ’re asked about what you ’re going to talk about . ”
“ How many people does this happen to that we do n’t know about ? ” Goodman asked , adding that “ dissent is what will save us . ”
CanWest News Service adds :
A spokeswoman with the Canada Border Services Agency said anyone entering Canada may be stopped at the border for questioning .
Faith St. John would not comment on Goodman ’s case specifically , citing privacy concerns , but said there are many reasons that a person may be detained while coming into Canada .
“ It ’s not an accusation of a wrongdoing , ” she said .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from CBC , broadcast Nov. 27 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
1 If you say the word THOUGHT , does it rhyme with LOT ?
Yes No Almost / maybe / sometimes
2 How do you usually say the words DON and DAWN ?
Do you say them the same or differently ?
Same Different
Almost but not quite the same , maybe
3 How would you say HOCK and HAWK ?
Same Different Same-ish .
Very similar but not quite the same .
4 What about COLLAR and CALLER ?
How do you say them ?
Same Different Almost , but not quite , the same
5 When you say ON , does it rhyme with LAWN or with JOHN ?
Or both ?
ON rhymes with LAWN ON rhymes with JOHN ON , LAWN , and JOHN all rhyme with each other
6 The three words MARY , MERRY , and MARRY .
How do you say them ?
I say all 3 differently I say MARY and MERRY alike , but MARRY is different I say all 3 the same None of the above
7 What vowel sound do you use in the beginning of the word HORRIBLE ?
I say HORRIBLE with the same O as in HORSE .
I say HORRIBLE with the same O as in HOT or STOP .
None of the above
8 The words TENT and TINT .
How do you typically say them when you are typically talking ?
Same Different Almost , but not quite , the same
9 Do you say the words HEEL and HILL alike or not ?
Same Different
Very similar , almost the same , but not quite .
10 Do you say words like BATH , PASS , and STAFF with the same vowel as BAT , PACK , and TRAP ?
Same Different
11 Do you say ABOUT and MOUTH with the same vowel sound as LOUD and DOWN ?
Yes No
12 Do you say RIGHT and PRICE with the same vowel sound as RIDE and PRIZE ?
Yes No
13 How do you say the first A in PASTA ?
Same A as in MAT or CAT Same A as in FATHER
14 If you say BAG does it rhyme with VAGUE ?
Yes No
15 You say " I , " does it ever sound anything remotely like " ah " ?
A lot Only when I`m not thinking about it Sometimes with a few words Never
16 How do you say the " oo " in ROOF ?
Like the " oo " in FOOT Like the " oo " in FOOD
17 If you say BOTHER does it rhyme with FATHER ?
As mentioned in my previous post I have recently started using a Planck keyboard .
The Planck uses Open Source firmware and customizing the firmware ...
I have recently become interested in compact keyboards .
In particular the Planck .
The Planck is unusual in many ways compared to standard 104 key keyboard .
In ...
I needed a simple , automated way to build a Rust project for deployment to a Debian system .
Docker seems to be popular for deploying though I 'm ...
01 Jan 2016
Here are most of the books I read in 2015 .
Fiction
Seveneves by Neal Stephenson would be my book of the year .
Amazing story split over 5000 ...
A defence lawyer for two former detainees at Guantanamo Bay who were returned home to Algeria to face charges of links to terrorism said they have been acquitted by a court .
Abdelli Faghoul and Terari Mohamed had admitted in court to links with the illegal drug underworld , but denied any connection to foreign terrorist groups , defence lawyer Farid Abbache said .
The two men were released from Guantanamo and handed over to Algerian authorities on August 15 , 2008 - nearly seven years after they were taken into custody and held without trial , the lawyer said .
The defendants travelled to Afghanistan after a decade in Germany , where they were involved in theft and the illegal drugs trade , Mr Abbache said .
PA Media
The school also held an assembly about the dangers of ' legal high ' drugs
Three pupils have been given a " short " suspension from a Kent boarding school after buying a " legal high " drug .
Cranbrook School said the sixth form students , who had admitted buying Mephedrone , will attend a drug intervention programme next year .
The drug , more commonly known as " bubble " or " drone " , has a similar effect to ecstasy and is freely sold as a " designer drug " on the internet .
The teenagers are believed to have bought the drug for a use at a party .
' Duty of care '
The school said the head of chemistry explained to the other sixth formers about the dangers of " legal high " drugs during a special assembly .
Head teacher Angela Daly said : " We know that teenagers experiment but we never condone drug misuse , whether it be alcohol , tobacco , illegal drugs or these new legal highs , the illicit drugs .
" Our school drug policy is clear and pro-active and we followed our policy closely with this Mephedrone incident . "
She added : " We hope our students will have learned the truth about this substance and will be able to make more informed choices in the future .
" Teenagers are the target market for these legal highs and other drugs .
We take our duty of care very seriously and always look to educate our students , about healthy lifestyle choices . "
The drug , which is snorted up the nose , has already been banned by a number of countries , including Denmark , Finland and Israel .
SAN FRANCISCO –
In the movie version of stopping an asteroid from hitting Earth popularized by Armageddon , a few brave Americans quickly head out to the near - Earth object and blow it up .
The reality will be far less dramatic , former astronaut Rusty Schweickart told scientists at the American Geophysical Union meeting here Wednesday .
Asteroid - deflection efforts will have to start years before a prospective impact and will have to be essentially international .
" Whether or not the international community , within or outside the United Nations , can rise to the demands of such a challenge in advance of an impact … is problematic , " Schweickart summarized .
Two general strategies for deflecting asteroids are currently on the table .
The first is some type of impactor or blast , possibly nuclear , that would knock the asteroid off the collision course .
The second is a longer - term " shepherding " operation that would slowly morph the asteroid 's trajectory in space so that it misses Earth .
Both schemes would have major international implications .
Nuclear weapons have been explicitly outlawed in space since the Partial Test Ban Treaty was negotiated in 1963 .
Sending a nuclear weapon into space to hit an asteroid would require modifying the treaty , which could have unforeseen negative repercussions .
" Many of us have expressed our concern about nuclear effects because of political options , " said David Morrison , an astronomer at NASA Ames Research Center who organized a session at the AGU meeting about near - Earth objects .
Schweickart 's group ,
The B612 Foundation , has advocated a different approach to asteroid deflection , but one that will require an equally difficult international negotiation .
They propose to bump or tow an asteroid " in a controlled manner " so that it misses Earth .
The only problem is that such a process would take time and as the asteroid 's trajectory changed , it would be " pointed " at different places along a horizontal plane on Earth called the risk corridor .
That 's a major geopolitical problem , Schweickart said , because it requires temporarily increasing the risk to one population — in the example above , Venezuela , or Russia — to eventually eliminate the risk for the entire Earth .
" It 's going to be slowly dragged across the Earth .
That is a binary decision , " Schweickart said .
" You do n't have the option of dragging it down through the Antarctic . "
Who gets to decide which way the asteroid is dragged away from an impact with Earth ?
The United Nations ?
The United States ?
Russia ?
Some independent body of astronomers and space agencies ?
" What deflection technologies are OK and who says they are OK ? " Schweickart asked .
" Who accepts liability ?
How do you decide that it 's OK to endanger the people of Venezuela or the people of Kazakhstan ? "
He called figuring such questions out a " geopolitical decision of the first order . "
Earlier this year , the Association of Space Explorers presented a report to the U.N. Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space recommending that some international decision - making bodies be created to evaluate and respond to near - Earth object hazards .
The U.N. committee could bring some options before the General Assembly by 2012 , although Schweickart has some doubts that people are politically prepared to deal with the tough decisions that humanity could face to deflect an asteroid .
" You 're going to have to make that decision when the probability is less than one , 10 or 20 years ahead of time , " he said .
" That 's not easy for anyone , let alone the United Nations . "
Images : 1 ) A gravity tug . / NASA .
2) Association of Space Explorers .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
IF ICELAND is the place that has suffered most from the banking crisis , the Benelux countries can make a justifiable claim to second place .
After the calamitous sale of ABN AMRO and the subsequent dismemberment of Fortis , ING , the biggest bank in the Netherlands , announced on Monday October 26th that it was splitting itself up .
The bank will sell its insurance businesses , divest the American arm of its ING Direct online - banking unit and carve out some bits of its Dutch retail activities .
By the time the restructuring is done , in 2013 , the bank 's balance sheet will be 45 % smaller than it was in September 2008 .
That is n't all .
The bank also announced plans for a € 7.5 billion ( $ 11.2 billion ) rights issue to help repay half the money that the Dutch government injected into ING in October last year .
Investors reacted with dismay to the prospect of dilution and the uncertainty of the planned restructuring , sending the bank 's shares down sharply on Monday .
Other equity investors were spooked , too , as they digested the wider implications of the announcement .
For shareholders in other banks that have received state aid , the biggest concerns surrounded the European Commission 's role in ING 's break - up .
The Dutch bank has its own reasons to act .
The rights issue can largely be explained by ING 's desire to start escaping government investment .
The break - up is consistent with a “ back to basics ” plan announced in April by Jan Hommen , ING 's chief executive , that promised to simplify and shrink the institution .
Splitting banking and insurance should rid ING of a conglomerate discount .
Its shares have historically traded at a 30 % discount to bank and insurance indices .
Even so , the plan signals that the Commission 's competition watchdogs , with which ING worked closely to develop its restructuring proposal , are taking a heavily interventionist approach to banks that got state aid .
The scale of the break - up went further than many expected .
The Commission also levied an additional fee on ING for its participation in a risk - transfer scheme with the Dutch government , to be paid out of the proceeds from the rights issue .
ING promised not to make any acquisitions that would slow down the repayment of government capital .
And it also pledged not to take price - leading positions in retail and commercial banking .
Markets are betting that institutions such as Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of Scotland in Britain , and KBC of Belgium , will be forced into punitive restructuring agreements : shares in all three slid sharply after the announcement .
Aside from the muscularity of the Commission , there are two other trends that ING 's announcement highlights .
The first is that the “ bancassurance ” model of combining banking and insurance in a single institution is now squarely out of fashion .
To underline the point , Standard Life , an insurer , announced the sale of its banking arm to Barclays , on the same day .
A focus by investors and regulators on the simplicity and size of institutions is one explanation .
Another is the realisation that the diversification benefits afforded by having insurance and banking businesses can be more apparent than real .
A more robust approach to consumer protection may also make it harder to cross -sell insurance products to banking customers .
ING 's break - up also reinforces a tendency among many retail institutions to focus more on their core markets .
There are exceptions to this rule , of course , Spain 's Santander notable among them .
But by the time ING 's restructuring is complete it will have gone back from being an aspiring global player to a European bank with a strong core in Belgium and the Netherlands .
That retrenchment reflects structural pressures as well as the decisions of competition officials in Brussels .
These are the need to have strong market shares to achieve cost savings in an environment of more subdued growth , the increased emphasis on deposits as a funding source and continuing uncertainty over the regulatory infrastructure for cross - border banks .
ING is being forced down a road it may well have travelled anyway .
Seattle , Washington ( CNN ) --
The suspect in Sunday 's fatal shooting of four police officers was shot and killed early Tuesday by an officer after the suspect approached him and " reached into his waist area , " authorities said in a statement .
Although the medical examiner has not formally identified the man shot and killed in south Seattle about 2:45 a.m. , detectives recognized him as Maurice Clemmons , sought in the killings of four Lakewood , Washington , police officers shot Sunday at a coffee shop , Seattle police said in the written statement .
Pierce County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Ed Troyer said earlier Tuesday that Clemmons was carrying a weapon taken from one of the slain officers and had been shot in the abdomen in Sunday 's shooting at the Forza Coffee Company in Parkland , Washington .
He had had stuffed gauze and cotton into the wound and put duct tape over it , Troyer said Tuesday .
Clemmons had been the subject of an intense manhunt for two days .
Two people accused of helping Clemmons evade authorities , brothers Eddie and Douglas Davis , appeared in court Tuesday .
Both are charged with rendering criminal assistance , a felony .
A man who police believe is the getaway car driver was also in custody , along with a second man .
Neither has been charged .
The men accused of trying to help Clemmons provided medical aid , housing , a cell phone and money and were trying to get him out of the state , Troyer said earlier Tuesday .
They also called in false leads to police to divert investigators .
Early Tuesday , a patrol officer saw an unoccupied car in south Seattle that was running and had its hood up , police said .
He determined the car was stolen and was doing paperwork in his vehicle when he saw a man approach his patrol car from behind on the driver 's side , the statement said .
The officer got out of the car and ordered the man to stop and show his hands , but the man refused , the statement said .
Follow local coverage on CNN affiliate KIRO-TV
" As the officer was drawing his gun , the suspect reached into his waist area and moved , " the police statement said .
" The officer fired several times , striking the suspect at least twice . "
He was pronounced dead at the scene .
The officer is a four - year member of the Seattle police force and is a military veteran , police said .
He will be placed on administrative leave , which is standard procedure after a shooting involving an officer .
Authorities said they regretted the shooting death but are glad the two - day ordeal is over .
" Right now , it 's just a feeling of relief , " said Jim Pugil , the assistant Seattle police chief .
" Another tragic time has come upon us , and we 're just happy that it 's over . "
Additional arrests in the case are likely , Troyer said Tuesday .
" I am thankful the suspect in this horrible crime is no longer a threat to our community , " Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire said in a statement .
" I hope this provides some closure for the families and colleagues of our fallen officers .
...
We should now focus our attention on providing comfort and support to those who have lost a loved one . "
Clemmons had made comments before Sunday 's shootings that he was going to kill some officers -- comments that were not reported to authorities until after the shootings -- but officials believe he was the lone gunman .
" We do n't think anyone helped him plan this murder , " Troyer said .
The manhunt for Clemmons began Sunday after the four Lakewood officers -- three men and a woman -- were gunned down while meeting at the coffee shop before their shifts began .
Clemmons was an ex-convict with a long rap sheet in Washington and Arkansas , according to authorities and documents .
Clemmons slipped away from a home in Seattle 's Leschi neighborhood Sunday night before police surrounded the residence for about 12 hours .
He was not found in the home when investigators moved in Monday morning , Seattle police spokesman Jeff Kappel said .
Officials said Tuesday that they missed him by mere minutes .
Clemmons was accused of child rape and assaulting a police officer in May .
He had been released on $ 150,000 bail five days before the shootings , according to court records .
After his arrest , Clemmons ' sister told police that he " had not been himself lately " and that his behavior was " unpredictable and erratic . "
" He had said that the Secret Service was coming to get him because he had written a letter to the president , " an affidavit quoted her as telling investigators .
In addition , neighbors had complained that he had been throwing rocks through their windows .
Clemmons ' wife told deputies that she and her husband had argued over a " newly discovered child , " and she suggested that was why he went on his rock - throwing spree , according to an arrest affidavit .
In 2000 , then - Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee commuted a prison sentence for Clemmons , according to documents from the Arkansas Department of Community Correction .
Clemmons was sentenced to 95 years , to be served consecutive to time he was already serving from previous convictions , according to the documents .
In all , he faced a total of 108 years , Arkansas officials said .
He returned to prison in 2001 and was paroled in 2004 .
Sunday 's shooting was the first for the Lakewood Police Department , which was created five years ago for the town of nearly 60,000 .
The slain officers were identified as Sgt. Mark Renninger , 39 ; Officer Ronald Owens , 37 ; Officer Tina Griswold , 40 ; and Officer Greg Richards , 42 .
All of them were parents and had been with the department since its inception .
" My worst nightmare has come true , " said Tiffany Ryan , Griswold 's sister .
" I can't tell you how painful it is to lose my sister . "
Police said the gunman walked past the officers to the counter as if to order but then pulled a gun out of his coat and began shooting at 8:15 a.m .
Two of the officers were " executed " as they sat at a table , Troyer said .
Another was shot when he stood up , and the fourth was shot after struggling with the gunman all the way out the door , Troyer said .
Officials said Tuesday they know which officer shot him but were withholding that information pending conclusive confirmation .
CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Dan Simon , Dave Alsup , Dina Majoli and Matt Smith contributed to this report .
This 1959 ad for an airplane toy throws in girls as an afterthought in the final seconds ( “ Every boy wants a RemCo toy … and so do girls ” ) .
It ’s easy to dismiss the ad as quaint and representative of a different time , but today ’s advertising seems equally gendered , with girls thrown in as an afterthought ( like in this dinosaur toy website ) or neatly segregated ( see here , here , and here ) .
Found at Vintage Ads .
A team of researchers led by Boston University biomedical engineer Amit Meller is using electrical fields to efficiently draw long strands of DNA through nanopore sensors , drastically reducing the number of DNA copies required for a high throughput analysis .
Figure copyright , Nature Nanotechnology , 2009
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Boston University biomedical engineers have devised a method for making future genome sequencing faster and cheaper by dramatically reducing the amount of DNA required , thus eliminating the expensive , time - consuming and error - prone step of DNA amplification .
In a study published in the Dec. 20 online edition of Nature Nanotechnology , a team led by Boston University Biomedical Engineering Associate Professor Amit Meller details pioneering work in detecting DNA molecules as they pass through silicon nanopores .
The technique uses electrical fields to feed long strands of DNA through four - nanometer - wide pores , much like threading a needle .
The method uses sensitive electrical current measurements to detect single DNA molecules as they pass through the nanopores .
" The current study shows that we can detect a much smaller amount of DNA sample than previously reported , " said Meller .
" When people start to implement genome sequencing or genome profiling using nanopores , they could use our nanopore capture approach to greatly reduce the number of copies used in those measurements . "
Currently , genome sequencing utilizes DNA amplification to make billions of molecular copies in order to produce a sample large enough to be analyzed .
In addition to the time and cost DNA amplification entails , some of the molecules - like photocopies of photocopies - come out less than perfect .
Meller and his colleagues at BU , New York University and Bar - Ilan University in Israel have harnessed electrical fields surrounding the mouths of the nanopores to attract long , negatively charged strands of DNA and slide them through the nanopore where the DNA sequence can be detected .
Since the DNA is drawn to the nanopores from a distance , far fewer copies of the molecule are needed .
Before creating this new method , the team had to develop an understanding of electro - physics at the nanoscale , where the rules that govern the larger world do n't necessarily apply .
They made a counterintuitive discovery : the longer the DNA strand , the more quickly it found the pore opening .
" That 's really surprising , " Meller said .
" You 'd expect that if you have a longer ' spaghetti , ' then finding the end would be much harder .
At the same time this discovery means that the nanopore system is optimized for the detection of long DNA strands -- tens of thousands basepairs , or even more .
This could dramatically speed future genomic sequencing by allowing analysis of a long DNA strand in one swipe , rather than having to assemble results from many short snippets .
" DNA amplification technologies limit DNA molecule length to under a thousand basepairs , " Meller added .
" Because our method avoids amplification , it not only reduces the cost , time and error rate of DNA replication techniques , but also enables the analysis of very long strands of DNA , much longer than current limitations . "
With this knowledge in hand , Meller and his team set out to optimize the effect .
They used salt gradients to alter the electrical field around the pores , which increased the rate at which DNA molecules were captured and shortened the lag time between molecules , thus reducing the quantity of DNA needed for accurate measurements .
Rather than floating around until they happened upon a nanopore , DNA strands were funneled into the openings .
By boosting capture rates by a few orders of magnitude , and reducing the volume of the sample chamber the researchers reduced the number of DNA molecules required by a factor of 10,000 - from about 1 billion sample molecules to 100,000 .
Explore further Nanopore Sequencing Could Slash DNA Analysis Costs
More information :
The article , " Electrostatic Focusing of Unlabelled DNA into Nanoscale Pores Using a Salt Gradient , " is available at the Nature web site at The article , " Electrostatic Focusing of Unlabelled DNA into Nanoscale Pores Using a Salt Gradient , " is available at the Nature web site at dx.doi.org/10.1038/natureNNANO.2009.379
Provided by Boston University
Timebomb for the Euro Greek Debt Poses a Danger to Common Currency
As economic indicators have improved , concern about the financial crisis has abated .
But the next big problem could be approaching .
Greece 's public deficit is skyrocketing and the country may become insolvent .
The effect on Europe 's common currency could be dire .
Von Wolfgang Reuter
Hulk Hogan has reportedly filed a lawsuit claiming that his ex-wife stole his toilet seat .
The wrestler , who recently returned to the professional ring , claims that Linda Bollea removed items from their family home including chandeliers , a tanning bed and fixtures and fittings .
TMZ reports that he wants them back , particularly the " wooden antique toilet seat from the guest house " .
The couple split in 2007 .
Hogan later admitted that he contemplated suicide following the breakdown of the relationship .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The Birmingham personal injury attorneys at Hollis Wright work very hard to “ level the playing field ” for injured victims by providing clients high quality legal services .
Our attorneys are well - known for treating each client with individualized attention and personal care .
Our attorneys and staff members truly embrace the firm motto , “ Your Results Matter , ” in more ways than one .
While results certainly matter in the outcome of a case , results also matter in every interaction with each client .
Our attorneys are licensed in Alabama , Tennessee and Mississippi .
The Alabama personal injury attorneys at Hollis , Wright , Clay & Vail represent victims in a wide variety of accidents and are committed to ensuring those who have been injured through no fault of their own are justly compensated .
Our attorneys have practiced and / or handled personal injury cases in every circuit court in the State of Alabama as well as all of the federal courts in Alabama .
Alabama state law allows for those who have been injured through no fault of their own to receive compensation for lost wages , medical bills , emotional distress , physical pain and suffering , disfigurement , scarring , permanent impairment and more .
Some injuries can be catastrophic and severe enough to disrupt your life for months , years or even your entire life .
Do n’t let the large insurance companies take advantage of you .
Let the skilled personal injury attorneys at Hollis Wright help you receive the compensation you deserve .
When it comes to pursuing claims involving injuries and deaths related to car or automobile accidents , the attorneys at Hollis , Wright , Clay & Vail , P.C. are among the most experienced in the State of Alabama and have a proven track record of success .
According to the Alabama Department of Transportation ( ALDOT ) statistics , a traffic crash occurs in Alabama approximately every three minutes .
Additionally , a person is injured in a traffic crash every eleven minutes .
Most often , these injury causing collisions are the result of someone ’s careless behavior and typically merit a personal injury claim .
The most common injuries related to car or automobile accidents include brain and spinal cord injuries , neck and back injuries , orthopedic injuries as well as neurological injuries .
Because large insurance companies , with experienced adjusters , investigators and attorneys , will immediately start investigating the accident , the injured person must act quickly by hiring someone to protect their interests .
For this reason , it is imperative that you call an attorney as soon as possible after receiving medical treatment .
Let the experienced Alabama car and automobile accident attorneys at Hollis Wright handle your claim while you recover from your injuries .
The Alabama Department of Transportation ( ALDOT ) reports that the proportion of fatal crashes ( 3.13 % ) involving someone driving under the influence of alcohol is 6.9 times higher than of all crashes ( .45 % ) that occur .
Drinking and driving remains a concern in Alabama , and throughout the Country , despite the advent of ride - sharing businesses .
The Alabama drunk driving accident attorneys at Hollis Wright specialize in alcohol - related claims involving those who have been injured or killed by an impaired or intoxicated driver .
If you or a family member were injured or killed in an automobile accident involving an intoxicated driver , then you may have a legally viable claim for money damages against a bar , restaurant , convenience store and / or establishment that sold or furnished the alcohol to the intoxicated driver .
Alabama has laws that prohibit businesses from selling or furnishing alcohol to someone who is visibly intoxicated .
This law is called the Dram Shop Act and is in place to ensure that alcohol is served , sold and / or provided in a responsible manner .
If a person is overserved alcohol by an establishment and causes an injury to another or kills someone , then the establishment , along with the intoxicated driver , can potentially be held liable for the injuries or death .
Alabama also has a law , referred to as the Alabama Civil Damages
Act , that is designed to hold businesses liable for serving minors regardless of whether an injury occurs .
Recent annual statistics from the Alabama Department of Transportation ( ALDOT ) showed that the number of accidents caused by commercial trucks and vehicles was higher than it had been in the previous 10 years .
ALDOT defines “ truck ” as any vehicle heavier than a light truck or sport utility vehicle ( SUV ) , including a delivery truck , 18 - wheeler , tow truck or work truck .
Accidents involving commercial trucks happen all over Alabama ’s roadways but occur more frequently on the interstates and highways .
The most common reason for incidents involving a commercial vehicle or truck involves improper lane change but these incidents can happen for a wide variety of reasons .
The Birmingham truck accident lawyers at Hollis Wright are seasoned in handling these types of claims .
Our attorneys are very aware that the injuries and damages from an accident with a large truck can be catastrophic and life changing .
Our attorneys know how to investigate and pursue such accidents and are well versed in the laws that govern truck drivers .
If you or a family member has been involved in an accident with a commercial truck and hire our law firm , then rest assured our lawyers will aggressively pursue compensation on your behalf .
The Alabama defective products attorneys at Hollis , Wright , Clay & Vail have handled numerous cases over the years on behalf of individuals and families victimized by the use and / or consumption of defective products , medical devices and pharmaceutical drugs .
Products that are defective will typically involve either a defect in the design of the product , the manufacturing process and / or the labeling or product warnings .
If the design of the product is flawed or deficient and results in an injury , then a viable design defect claim may exist .
If a product was made contrary to the applicable design and a person is injured , then a viable manufacturing defect claim may exist .
Sometimes a product is designed and manufactured properly but the labeling or warnings do not adequately apprise the user of the dangers and hazards associated with the product .
When this occurs and someone is injured , a failure to warn claim may exist .
Our attorneys routinely represent individuals and families that were injured or killed as a result of using defective vehicles , household products as well as many other types of consumer products .
The attorneys in our mass torts department represent individuals nationally in cases involving defective pharmaceutical drugs , medical implants and devices .
We are proud of our involvement in these national mass tort cases and are honored that individuals all over the United States seek out our legal representation .
Employers have many responsibilities to their employees , but the most important is keeping them safe in the workplace .
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) is the primary entity involved in promulgating rules and regulations in furtherance of workplace safety .
OSHA also has an investigative team and an enforcement task force with the authority to issue monetary penalties on employers for violations of the applicable rules and regulations .
Despite OSHA ’s efforts , along with the efforts of employers , workplace injuries are still extremely common in the United States , as well as in Alabama .
Recent studies show that some 4.6 million people per year are injured on the job .
These injuries are often due to the negligence or carelessness of an employer .
Oftentimes , an employer fails to implement proper safety precautions applicable to a certain job activity , including not providing proper personal protective equipment to an employee .
Other instances might involve an employer failing to install safety devices on machinery or the removal of safety devices .
There are also times where an employee might be injured on the job due to the carelessness or neglect of a third - party and not because of any misconduct by the employer .
These incidents typically involve injuries associated with motor vehicle collisions , injuries by employees of another employer on a construction jobsite and injuries on the premises of someone else .
While workplace injuries can occur in literally any setting , the most common occupations for workplace injuries are : service jobs , transportation and shipping , manufacturing , installation and maintenance as well as construction jobs .
While Americans , as well as Alabamians , love their pets , there is always an inherent risk to interacting with animals , no matter how domesticated .
Approximately 4.5 million dog bites occur each year in the United States — nearly one in five of these bites become infected .
Typically , around 30 to 40 individuals are killed each year in various dog attacks .
Dog bite cases can involve severe and sometimes fatal injuries .
The injuries may result in significant scarring and mental anguish , especially when the victim is a child .
It is important to note that any dog can bite , and caution is advised around all dogs .
However , statistics establish that Pit Bulls and Rottweilers are usually responsible for the majority of deaths resulting from dog attacks .
If you or a family member has been bitten or attacked by a dog , trust the Birmingham dog bite attorneys at Hollis , Wright law firm to represent you .
Our attorneys are knowledgeable as to how to handle each dog bite case and how to maximize your compensation .
If you have been seriously injured in an accident through no fault of your own , you are likely entitled to compensation for your injuries , medical bills , lost wages , emotional distress , pain and suffering and more .
Some of your injuries may even be permanent and life altering .
Let the qualified Birmingham personal injury attorneys at Hollis Wright help you get the compensation and benefits you deserve .
All personal injury claims are handled on a contingency fee basis , meaning our firm only gets paid if we recover money for you .
There is never a charge for our legal services if we do n’t recover on your behalf .
If there is a recovery , then our firm receives a percentage of the recovery as our fee .
Call us for a free and confidential consultation locally at 205.324.3600 or toll - free at 844.529.8255 or contact us online here .
After a year of testing in solitude , Toyota 's F1 team finally faced the competition at Spain , for the pre-2002 testing .
Karl Ludvigsen believes they have reasons to sigh with relief .
There are also other reasons to be worried ...
Some of our readers have interpreted Ove Andersson 's remarks about the first Toyota test results as indicating that he 's worried about the team 's prospects .
I 'll bet he is !
One of the world 's biggest auto makers has entrusted him with the job of organising the effort to put Toyota on the world 's grand prix circuits in a way that wo n't cause embarrassment .
Toyota would also like success , I 'm certain .
But above all it wo n't want to be mortified the way Jaguar was during its first year on the tracks .
Mika Salo testing ahead of the 2002 season © LAT
Frankly , if I were Ove , I would be breathing a sigh of relief .
The new Toyota TF102 is at least on the same planet as the rest of the runners .
It could easily have been so wildly off the pace that the 107 per cent cut - off point for qualifying lap times would be a menacing hurdle for the Japanese team .
That does n't seem likely .
Neither do the drivers seem lacking .
Both Mika Salo and Allan McNish have a great deal to prove and seem willing to go to the limit to get the job done for Toyota .
A lot of folks have already reflected on what Toyota is trying to achieve , but it wo n't hurt to recap the position .
Toyota is committed to building a team from scratch to design and manufacture a complete grand prix car .
Only a very few passenger - car makers have attempted this in recent memory , and of those only one has been successful .
Renault was successful .
Racing its own cars from 1977 through 1985 , building both the cars and the engines itself , it scored a total of 15 victories .
Yet all success is relative .
Though it came close , Renault won neither a drivers ' championship nor a manufacturers ' championship .
In 1983 it was vice - champion in both categories , Alain Prost missing the top spot by only two points .
By supplying only the engines Renault did better subsequently .
Now in 2002
Renault will once again have full responsibility for both cars and engines , building on the sound base of Benetton .
Another who tried it was Honda .
From 1964 through 1968 that doughty Japanese pioneer built its own cars and engines .
By the way , its 1.5 - litre V12 cars of 1964 - 65 combined the engine and transaxle in a single housing - something many are claiming will be done this year by Ferrari " for the first time . "
For its trouble Honda was far from challenging for any championships and ended up with only two wins , the second with a car using a British - built chassis .
Cristiano da Matta leading Kimi Raikkonen in the 2003 British Grand Prix © LAT
No wins at all was the lot of Alfa Romeo .
This once - great company , provider of the mount for the first two world champion drivers , put its virtually unbeaten reputation at risk by building its own engines and cars from 1979 through 1985 .
The result was catastrophic .
All Alfa had to show for it was two pole positions and one fastest lap .
Its best year was the same as Renault 's - 1983 - when it had two podiums for Andrea de Cesaris and totted up a total of 18 points .
The unmatched Alfa Romeo reputation of the 1950s was irrevocably impaired .
That 's it , really , for major car makers risking their reputations in Formula 1 racing in recent years .
I would n't put Lamborghini in that category , but they did indeed have a go in 1991 with their engines and the Lambo chassis from the same stable .
I think they started six races and the results were nil .
That was so short - lived that it did n't have a chance to damage their reputation as sports - car makers !
I recommended to Lamborghini that it should use its Lambo chassis and engines as the basis for a spectacular concept car to add some lustre to the brand and also to extract at least some value from the effort .
Was that a good idea or what ?
They have n't done it - so far .
So Toyota is next in the barrel .
At this point I should remind you of Ludvigsen 's three rules of motor racing , as follows :
1 . You can be fast
2 . You can finish
3 . You can look good
So far , Toyota is saying that it has the durability and that finishing is important .
I agree .
That takes care of number two .
Number one is probably not likely in the short term , but number three is do - able .
The team can be well turned out and the car can look the part .
Two out of three ain't bad .
In my book that will count for a valid programme .
Jarno Trulli took pole for the 2009 Bahrain Grand Prix © LAT
Only one thing worries me : Toyota never won Le Mans .
As long ago as 1992 Toyota was second at Le Mans .
In 1993 it was fourth , and in 1994 it was second again .
In 1998 it placed ninth at Le Mans and in 1999 it was second once more .
Then Toyota gave up .
Instead of pressing on to win the race in which it had invested so much time , energy and money , it quit .
This is not a good sign .
This suggests to me that Toyota was racing at Le Mans because it thought that it was a good thing to do from a public relations standpoint , not because it thought that winning was important .
Toyota , welcome to Formula 1 .
Here , winning is important .
Man gives controversial domain name to Beck after proving a point .
Isaac Eiland - Hall just won a highly publicized case against Glenn Beck over the domain name glennbeckrapedandmurderedayounggirlin1990.com .
As soon as he won , he did something surprising : he offered the domain name to Beck for free .
In a letter ( pdf ) to Beck , Eiland - Hall explained that he has met his objectives with the domain name and web site , and points out to Beck that bringing the case made things worse for Beck .
It bears observing that by bringing the WIPO complaint , you took what was merely one small critique meme , in a sea of internet memes , and turned it into a super - meme .
Then , in pressing forward ( by not withdrawing the complaint and instead filing additional briefs ) , you turned the super - meme into an object lesson in First Amendment principles . ”
In explaining his reason for voluntarily handing over the domain , Eiland - Hall wrote :
Writing Your Application Declaratively
Some History
There have been many shiny new developments in the Perl community of late .
With Catalyst 's switch to Moose , a whole new world of possibilities was introduced and suddenly available to all Catalyst developers .
Another exciting new idea came along with Devel : : Declare : the ability to provide a declarative syntax for things that used to be more verbose or repetitious , or just simply to provide an API that goes beyond what the Perl parser itself provides .
One of the neater examples that came with the availability of those modules is MooseX : : Declare , which allows you to write your classes like this : class SomeClass extends SomeParentClass { has foo => ( is => ' rw ' ) ; method bar ( Int $ baz ) { $ self - > foo + $ baz } } While it might look like it , this is not a source filter in the sense that we all ( hopefully ) learned to avoid .
The module is still parsed by perl .
When for example the class keyword is hit , MooseX : : Declare takes over and parses the special syntax .
When the { opening brace is found , it gives control back to perl .
This has the big advantage that extensions can be safely combined and also be written in Perl itself .
In fact , the class and method keywords are handled by separate parts of MooseX : : Declare .
What 's this got to do with Catalyst ?
A very good question !
The module CatalystX :: Declare is an extension of MooseX : : Declare that allows you to write your Catalyst applications declaratively .
An example CatalystX : : Declare controller would look like this : controller MyApp :: Controller :: Foo { action base as '' under '/' ; final action bar ( Int $ id ) under base { $ ctx -> stash ( object => $ ctx - > model ( ' Baz ' ) -> find ( $id ) ) ; } }
The controller keyword is an extension of the class handler from MooseX : : Declare .
While class ( like Moose ) will always automatically inherit from Moose : : Object when no extends option is provided , controller s will have a default superclass of Catalyst : : Controller .
The first thing you might notice about the actions is that there are no attributes .
Everything is specified with a simple declarative syntax .
The first action you see is this : action base as '' under '/';
This is roughly equivalent to the following : sub base : Chained ( '/') PathPart ( '') CaptureArgs (0 ) { }
Yes , all actions in CatalystX : : Declare are chained actions , since Catalyst : : DispatchType :: Chained is the most flexible way of designing Catalyst applications ( and one that lends itself especially well to declarative syntax ) .
The next action is where it becomes really interesting : final action bar ( Int $ id ) under base { $ ctx -> stash ( object => $ ctx - > model ( ' Baz ' ) -> find ( $id ) ) ; }
The final action creates an endpoint chained to the base we declared above .
The actions all automatically receive a $ctx context variable in addition to the $ self that MooseX : : Declare already provides for methods .
The interesting part is the ( Int $ id ) signature for the action .
The number of positional arguments is used to determine the number of arguments in the public URL .
The above chain would run if the resource / bar / 23 is hit , and it will only match if its argument is an Int .
To expand a bit on the last comment , let me show you an example : controller MyApp :: Controller : : Foo { # see MooseX : : Types use MyApp :: Types qw ( PageName SequentialID Language ) ; action base ( Language $ lang ) as '' under '/' { $ ctx -> stash ( language => $ lang ) ; } final action show_page ( PageName $ name ) as show under base { $ ctx - > stash ( page => $ ctx - > model ( ' DB : : Page ' ) -> find ( $ name ) ) ; } final action show_item ( SequentialID $ id ) as show under base { $ ctx -> stash ( item => $ ctx - > model ( ' DB : : Item ' ) -> find ( $id ) ) ; } }
We assume that Language must be a valid language string ( such as en ) ; PageName must be an identifier in the Perl sense ( starts with a letter or underscore , not a digit ) ; and SequentialID is a positive integer .
Then , you can hit the above controller with the following : * /en/show / foo
This will load base with a $ lang of en and then dispatch to show_page with a $ name of foo .
* /de/show/23
This will first run base like before , but this time with de as $lang argument and then execute show_item with an $id of 23 .
Of course you can use any number of arguments , and for endpoints even slurpy arguments are possible : final action show_page ( Str @path ) as page under base { ... }
Grouping actions by their base
You often have a single action as a base and many actions that chain off of it .
If that is the case for you , you can use under as a keyword to group the actions together and save yourself the repetition of the under option : action base as '' under '/' ; under base { final action foo { ... } final action bar { ... } } Both foo and bar in the above example will implicitly chain off base .
Declaring other parts of the application
Of course controllers and actions are the most important components for which you 'd want to have a declarative syntax .
But they are not all that CatalystX :: Declare provides you with .
You can also declare your application in a shinier syntax : application MyApp with ConfigLoader with Static : : Simple { $ CLASS -> config ( name => ' My App ' ) ; }
There you go ; no need to inherit from Catalyst , no need to call setup .
And the plugins are nicely specified as roles ( which is what plugins are likely to become in the future ) .
So now we have the application , and we already had the C in MVC , but CatalystX : : Declare also gives you keywords for the two other letters : model MyApp :: Model : : DBIC extends Catalyst :: Model :: DBIC :: Schema { method foo ( Int $ x ) { ... } } for models , and view MyApp : : View : : HTML extends Catalyst :: View :: TT { after process { ... } } for views .
Additionally you can also define controller roles like this : controller_role MyApp::ControllerRole:: DefaultBase { action base as '' under '/' ; } and you can consume them on the other side like usual in MooseX : : Declare based modules : controller MyApp :: Controller : : Qux with MyApp::ControllerRole :: DefaultBase { action view under base { ... } }
Methods and attributes
Since CatalystX:: Declare is just an extension of MooseX : : Declare you can use its full power to declare methods and attributes as well .
Here is an example of a complete root controller with methods and attributes : controller MyApp :: Controller : : Root { use MooseX :: Types :: Moose qw ( Str ) ; has home_action => ( is => ' ro ' , isa =>
Str , required => 1 , default => '/ somewhere / else ' , ) ; method home_uri ( Object $ ctx ) { return $ ctx->uri_for_action ( $self -> home_action ) ; } action app_base as '' under '/' ; action end ( @ ) isa RenderView ; under base { # matches / final action app_root as '' { $ ctx->response ->redirect ( $self ->home_uri( $ctx ) ) ; } # matches /... final action fallback ( @ ) as '' { $ ctx -> response -> status ( 404 ) ; $ ctx - > response - > body ( ' File not found ' ) ; } } }
Conclusion
The real hard work for all this shinyness is done by MooseX : : Declare .
Take a look at CatalystX :: Declare on CPAN for a full description of the available syntax , since the above is only a quick tour .
I also casually skipped over the use of method modifiers that are applied to actions , which adds even more possibilities .
If you want more samples , there is an example application shipped with the distribution at http://cpansearch.perl.org/src/PHAYLON/CatalystX-Declare-0.011/examples/MyApp-Web/.
Author and Copyright
Description :
A Report of The Project for the New American Century - September 2000 .
This document is widely cited for this quote from page 51 ( pg 63 of the pdf file ) ...
" Further , the process of transformation , even if it brings revolutionary change , is likely to be a long one , absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event – like a new Pearl Harbor . "
Note who the particpants are listed on the last page of the document .
Paul Wolfowitz , William Kristol and " Scooter " Libby to name a few .
Windshield replacement , what is so important about it ?
It ’s not as if we get into accidents every day and desperately need a good auto shop .
But , accidents do happen .
Windshields are not easy to break , and if you do n’t know a right person , they could be difficult to replace .
That ’s why we ’ve decided to help you , like a good people we are , and find the best repair shops in Mesa .
Hopefully , your windshield braking days wo n’t be that horrible .
Insurance
Bear in mind , this is only for those people who find themselves in the 3rd biggest city in Arizona .
It is a tedious job , looking for the right auto shop .
So , the first thing you should do is check your car insurance .
Do n’t take this step for granted !
Many auto shops will replace your windshield in Mesa for free , given that you have a car insurance .
You see , we ’re already one step ahead in choosing the right shop .
Getting there
Another thing to pay attention to might seem unimportant , yet it can really make the situation easier .
You do n’t want to drive your car with a broken windshield , so an app to call the company will come in handy .
They should be able to send someone to do the job , or at least get the car to the repair shop .
Quality over quantity
Now you might have a shop in mind .
But wait !
Have you checked the windshield glass quality ?
No ?
Call them right away and ask .
They might see that your windshield is only chipped , in which case they should be able to repair it , or your windshield might need a total replacement .
The glass should be durable and modeled specifically for your car .
Although you can order a new windshield , there ’s a cheaper option : second - hand .
Yes , there are cars that are otherwise not suitable for ride , but the windshield might be in the perfect condition .
If you do n’t have the insurance , this option , visiting a junkyard , may be the best option for you .
Sun is your enemy
You might think this is all ; you can now call your chosen repair shop .
No !
There ’s still something to consider .
It ’s hot in Arizona , and some shops offer tinted windshields .
It may be a bit tacky , but it could save you during a hot day .
Imagine , everybody ’s sweating and squinting , and you are driving like nothing in the world can get to you .
Warranty
And , to sum it up , check the warranty !
The best guaranty that you have a good windshield replacement is the warranty .
Do you find it to your liking ?
Or do you think the shop is trying to run a scam on you ?
This can show you if you are getting a real quality windshield , and not some cheep replacement .
Make sure to read everything and pay attention to the small print !
Do n’t think you are going overboard ; there are some shops with lifetime warranty .
You can find the links at the end of this article .
Human factor
We ’ve gone through a lot of hows and whys , but let ’s not forget the human factor .
Yes , a shop might be great , but the owner and the workers might not be to your liking .
Some shops have decades old tradition with competent personnel .
It ’s always more enjoyable to cooperate with pleasant people who are good at what they do and can explain everything to you , without using complicated terminology and trying to get you confused .
Simple is the best !
Testimonials
In this internet era , we can find anything online .
This includes the right repair shop .
What you want to do is check the testimonials .
No matter how good the shop ’s site looks , the best guarantee of quality is peoples satisfaction with the job .
Check out the people ’s opinions before making a decision .
Steps
Are you from Arizona ?
If you are not , getting your windshield replaced while on the road might seem daunting .
You might be on a holiday , and this just had to happen to you !
Do n’t worry .
Read this article and do the steps :
Click on one of the links below
Read the peoples comments
Call or message the chosen repair shop
Wait for a competent worker to come
The worker will tell you on the spot whether your windshield needs a replacement or just a little touch - up .
If you need a touch - up , you are lucky , this annoyance will soon be over .
If not , if it ’s completely cracked , and you need a replacement , this is best done in the shop .
Do n’t be negative about this .
Nowadays , this service is done pretty quickly .
And you get a chance to choose the new windshield .
What kind of material do you want ?
Do you want UV protection ?
You ca n’t get anywhere without UV protection these days .
The cost might be a bit higher , but hey , you are on a vacation , go a bit crazy , spend a little have fun .
This is something that is going to last you for a long time .
At least until you break it again .
In which case , there ’s the insurance .
So do n’t look at the windshield replacement as an annoying accident , view it as an opportunity : an opportunity to get something for yourself .
Most of these shops work day and night .
Do n’t be afraid if you need a windshield replacement in the middle of the night , at least one of these will be able to help you .
These are professionals , who know that their services are needed any time of the day .
Or night .
There will always be someone on the other side of the line .
Netflix has offered instant streaming for quite some time now .
The Xbox 360 has enjoyed Netflix instant streams since late 2008 .
Additionally other consumer electronics devices support the popular streaming service .
It was only a matter of time and a natural fit for the jack of all media , the PlayStation 3 , to support Netflix .
Netflix Instant Streaming on the PlayStation 3 represents a milestone for the PlayStation Network .
Being the free network that it is , you ’d think by default we would n’t see a lot of the fancy features from other paid services .
However , it seems
Sony wants to do as much as it can for its loyal consumers by making these features available .
In light of Microsoft ’s exclusivity agreement with Netflix regarding streaming of content onto game consoles , Sony and Netflix were able to deliver the service using a Blu - Ray disc and BD - Live technology .
This disc gives PS3 users direct access to Netflix Instant Streaming Queue and selections by category , very much like what Xbox 360 offers .
The interface is simple and elegant which compliments the XMB interface .
Users can add selections to their queue from their PC or the PS3 .
The content selection according to Netflix is over 17,000 titles .
There is a large selection available in every category .
Some of the categories available are : Comedy , Drama , Foreign , Action , Horror , Children , TV Shows and more .
The TV selection is very robust with large selection and a decent amount of High Definition programming .
The movie selection is spotty , there are quite a few good movies but there are also many titles you have never heard of .
If you are a fan of B - Movies the Netflix Instant Stream will provide you with a never ending supply of content .
One thing that is noticeably missing and seems to be common place with streaming service is the lack of 5.1 audio .
Most audio will be Stereo or Pro Logic Surround .
Each selection offers a description screen with a highlight of all the relevant information for that item .
The description screen also supports the Netflix 5 Star Ratings as well .
Content queues up fairly quickly and the stream offers fast forward and rewind via several minute blocks to chose from .
If you stop before the end of a stream you can resume it later .
The performance for the streams appear to be on parity with the Xbox 360 .
Reports indicate that Netflix will be available directly on the XMB .
In the mean time this Blu - Ray should give you all the features you want from Netflix on the PS3 .
Between this and the PSN Video Store the PS3 gives you access to pretty much all the film and TV content you could ever realistically desire to watch .
You can have Netflix send you a disc via www.netflix.com/PS3.
Next Page : Image Gallery »
If the UK left the EU what would the consequences be ?
By Chris Bowlby
Reporter , Radio 4's Analysis
Up to 55 % of those asked in recent British opinion polls say they would support it .
But it 's hardly ever discussed in polite political society .
What is this great taboo ?
Britain leaving the European Union .
Plenty of people in the UK still want a referendum on the Lisbon treaty After all the constitutional wrangling and embarrassing referendum results within the EU in recent years , reluctance to talk about this among the EU mainstream may be greater than ever .
But look carefully at the focus of all that wrangling , the Lisbon Treaty .
It contains a shock for those used to the EU talking of " ever- closer union " .
Buried deep in the treaty is a kind of anti-integration time - bomb , a clause which sets out clearly for the first time how an EU member state could " withdraw from the Union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements " .
' Heresy ' British Labour MP Gisela Stuart is at least partly responsible .
She is not , herself , in favour of the UK leaving the EU .
But she insisted on such a clause going in when she helped draft the European constitution , the forerunner of what is now the treaty .
" Most of my colleagues " , she says , thought this was " heresy bit like going into a marriage contract where you have at the bottom : PS Should this not work , I may consider divorce " .
But some on the continent , privately at least , now think the current UK - EU relationship might need to end .
Leaving the EU would come at a price , officials warn " Certain people are beginning to ask themselves - so is it worth it ? " says Marco Incerti , from the right - leaning Centre for European Policy Studies .
They would be " more prepared than in the past to accept a divorce " , he believes .
But what would a divorce between Britain and the EU mean in practice ?
It 's hard to know precisely .
Like any such separation , much would depend on the mood in which it was done , co-operative or acrimonious .
Legally , a key moment would be a decision at Westminster to repeal the 1972 Act which paved the way for the UK joining what was then the European Communities .
But as the EU is a treaty organisation , all sides accept that a deal would also have to be done on how the UK withdraws from its EU commitments , and what kind of new relationship with Europe is established .
The UK Independence Party peer Lord Pearson is confident that the rest of the EU will feel co-operative .
" They 'd be delighted to get rid of us " , he predicts .
Price of withdrawal Sir Stephen Wall , once the UK's top official in Brussels and adviser on Europe to Tony Blair , agrees that other EU countries " would certainly want to do a deal " , especially for continued access to British markets .
But he warns that they would also want " to make us pay a price just as the French made us pay a huge price for joining in the first place " .
So Britain could end up continuing to pay into the EU budget for some time as part of a deal .
Ireland 's
Yes vote turned the corner for supporters of the treaty Lord Pearson , keen to stress the savings he believes would come from a UK exit , says that UKIP wants " to continue in friendly free trade and therefore we will phase out what we send over an agreed period " .
Others warn of a more disruptive split over trade .
Simon Hix , professor at the London School of Economics , suggests that cheap flights to EU countries could be threatened if new costs were imposed on British airlines .
He sees a potential threat too to what 's available in British shops such as French wine and Italian cheeses .
This " cuisine culture " has happened " because of the European single market , " he says .
" Do we really want to give that up ? "
Such claims are dismissed by Daniel Hannan , the Conservative MEP whose support for a UK referendum on the Lisbon Treaty led him to quit his frontbench position earlier this month .
" This is the great myth - that if something is n't regulated by Brussels there would be no collaboration whatever , " he says .
EU myths
There are many other intriguing aspects of a UK exit .
How would Scottish opinion respond ?
How would the transition in farming and fisheries work , as the UK extricated itself from common EU policies ?
Also , what would happen to the residence and working rights of EU citizens in Britain , and British citizens abroad ?
Sir Stephen
Wall , who is very keen on the UK remaining in the EU , concedes that in economic terms , the consequences of leaving should not be exaggerated .
" Catastrophe it is n't , " he says .
But , in the end , he would expect a major loss of British influence with the UK no longer being part of the EU block .
" There is no alternative way of advancing the British national interest , " he says .
In trade negotiations for example " the Americans play hard ball you have to have the strength to hit them hard where it hurts in response .
On our own , it 's quite difficult for us to do that " .
If people did vote to leave , he feels , a few years later they " might turn round and say why did nobody tell us what the consequences were " .
The current reluctance of mainstream politics to talk about these scenarios flies in the face of British opinion poll results suggesting a strong - even a majority - interest in leaving the EU if a close relationship can be maintained with Europe .
" You ca n't swim for ever against the current of public opinion " , argues Daniel Hannan .
Britain leaving the EU would be an unpredictable process .
But the idea that all this is simply inconceivable and irrelevant is no longer credible .
Analysis : Divorcing Europe will be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 16 November 2009 at 2030 GMT and repeated on Sunday 22 November at 2130 GMT .
Or download the free podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
THE man who doctors believed was in a coma for 23 years is to start blackmailing the shit out of all the people who thought he could n't hear them .
Rom Houben revealed he had learned some very interesting things about some people over the last two decades that some people 's husbands and wives , not to mention the police , might not be too impressed with .
Mr Houben said : " My room was regarded by the hospital staff as a kind of soundproof booth where people could come to discuss their darkest secrets .
It was totally brilliant .
" I actually recovered in 1994 but I was having such a good time I decided not to tell anyone .
I basically lay there accumulating a mental dossier of lying , cheating and the sort of high - grade filth that even I as a Belgian found vaguely unpalatable . "
As a taster of what was to come Mr Houben said that doctor someone has been pleasuring doctor someone else with a large , vibrating something or other for quite some time and it could prove somewhat expensive if both their wives found out .
He added : " I 'd like a Range Rover please . "
Mr Houben said he would also be extorting money from all the doctors and nurses who used to come into his room late at night and play with him like some kind of giant puppet .
" Hauling me out of bed , propping me up and making me dance like Michael Flatley was not a very nice thing to do .
Lord of the Dance is it ?
As soon as I get out of this chair it 'll be Lord of the Arsekickers . "
Anne Van Kerken , a staff nurse at the hospital in Zolder , said : " Sneaky little shit .
I 'm going to have to sell my house . "
Meanwhile experts in the UK say Mr Houben 's case could lead to the re-examination of more than two million Daily Mail readers .
For those , like me , who were n't entirely sure of what would kick in immediately .
One of the biggest problems for Democrats going forward is that they have failed to properly inform the American people that most of the planned health care reforms will not kick in until 2013 .
This is huge potential political ticking time bomb of disappointment , confusion , and anger going into the 2010 mid-term election .
Very few if any uninsured Americans will gain coverage until after the 2012 elections .
To deal with the problem , House Democrats tried to front load some of the least costly reforms right away .
Below is a list of the 14 reforms that , under the House plan , will kick in 2010 .
You can judge for yourself if the voting public will think it is sufficient .
1. BEGINS TO CLOSE THE MEDICARE PART D DONUT HOLE — Reduces the donut hole by $ 500 and institutes a 50 % discount on brand - name drugs , effective January 1 , 2010.2 .
IMMEDIATE HELP FOR THE UNINSURED UNTIL EXCHANGE IS AVAILABLE ( INTERIM HIGH-RISK POOL ) —
Creates a temporary insurance program until the Exchange is available for individuals who have been uninsured for several months or have been denied a policy because of pre-existing conditions .
3. BANS LIFETIME LIMITS ON COVERAGE — Prohibits health insurance companies from placing lifetime caps on coverage .
4. ENDS RESCISSIONS — Prohibits insurers from nullifying or rescinding a patient ’s policy when they file a claim for benefits , except in the case of fraud .
5. EXTENDS COVERAGE FOR YOUNG PEOPLE UP TO 27TH BIRTHDAY THROUGH PARENTS ’ INSURANCE —
Requires health plans to allow young people through age 26 to remain on their parents ’ insurance policy , at the parents ’ choice .
6. ELIMINATES COST -SHARING FOR PREVENTIVE SERVICES IN MEDICARE —
Eliminates co-payments for preventive services and exempts preventive services from deductibles under the Medicare program .
7 .
IMPROVES HELP FOR LOW -INCOME MEDICARE BENEFICIARIES —
Improves the low - income protection programs in Medicare to assure more individuals are able to access this vital help .
8. PROVIDES NEW CONSUMER PROTECTIONS IN MEDICARE ADVANTAGE —
Prohibits Medicare Advantage plans from charging enrollees higher cost - sharing for services in their private plan than what is charged in traditional Medicare .
9 .
IMMEDIATE SUNSHINE ON PRICE GOUGING — Discourages excessive price increases by insurance companies through review and disclosure of insurance rate increases .
10 .
CONTINUITY FOR DISPLACED WORKERS —
Allows Americans to keep their COBRA coverage until the Exchange is in place and they can access affordable coverage .
11 . CREATES NEW , VOLUNTARY , PUBLIC LONG - TERM CARE INSURANCE PROGRAM —
Creates a long - term care insurance program to be financed by voluntary payroll deductions to provide benefits to adults who become functionally disabled .
12 .
HELP FOR EARLY RETIREES —
Creates a $ 10 billion fund to finance a temporary reinsurance program to help offset the costs of expensive health claims for employers that provide health benefits for retirees age 55 - 64.13 .
COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS —
Increases funding for Community Health Centers to allow for a doubling of the number of patients seen by the centers over the next 5 years .
14 . INCREASING NUMBER OF PRIMARY CARE DOCTORS —
Provides new investment in training programs to increase the number of primary care doctors , nurses , and public health professionals .
( The Frisky ) --
Have you seen that Target commercial where the guy gives his date a beautiful necklace , only to have the woman look kind of uncomfortable and announce that she did n't think they were quite " there " yet ?
After a flash of hurt crosses his face , he zings back that he bought it at Target so it was super cheap .
I always high - five that guy in my head , but truth is , I 've been an ungrateful giftee in the past .
However , it 's also the truth that I 've received a lot of crappy gifts .
Some were heartfelt , others were just dumb .
So in light of the fact that we 're in primo gift - exchange season , I put together some guidelines for how to handle the gifts you get that you really wish you had n't ...
Too utilitarian
I thought only married ladies woke up to things like vacuum cleaners or shower squeegees under their tree .
Not so .
A yoga instructor I know received a Dustbuster from her live - in boyfriend , while singer / songwriter Peg had a beau who gifted her with an oven mitt .
" I should 've yelled , " she recalls .
" I think I just had a stunned , very disappointed look on my face .
Not sure what he was trying to say , but clearly we were nearing an end . "
How to handle : Generally , I'm of the mind that you should try to smile and eke out a thank you , no matter what .
But when someone -- particularly a live - in partner -- gives you something designed to make cooking for or cleaning up after them a little easier . . . well , no .
Just no .
The Frisky :
When a bad gift reveals an even worse relationship
Wrong size
You have to have a little sympathy for the dude brave ( or foolhardy ) enough to buy you clothes .
Even if he has your style down , most men are clueless with women 's sizes .
Searching your closet is n't much help either as one designer 's " M " is another 's " XL , " so he 's screwed either way .
If he buys something too small , then you have a gift that does n't fit and makes you feel fat .
If he buys something too large , you 'll be convinced he thinks you 're a chubster .
How to handle :
Do n't take it personally .
Politely tell him that while you love the dress / sweater / chaps , it 's not your size and you 're going to exchange it for something that 'll allow you to exhale .
The Frisky :
My boyfriend does n't like my hairy legs !
Utterly clueless
" Our first Christmas together , my ex bought me all action figures , from sports and horror movies , " shares my friend , Jennifer .
" One was a bobblehead ! " Jennifer 's now - ex had never been in a serious relationship before , so he was n't being cruel with the bobblehead , just clueless .
How to handle : Jennifer knew better the next year .
" Develop specific lists of things you want on Etsy , Amazon , wherever , " she advises .
" And let him choose from a list of things you already know you like .
Because sorry -- if you want to be surprised , you most surely will be . "
And not in a good way .
The Frisky :
The 5 lies women tell themselves
I 'm not her
I still remember the unspeakably ugly , donut - shaped , skull - adorned , pleather purse my man bought me one year .
It was so off .
So utterly not me .
But perfect for his ex -- a much younger goth chick .
With a forced smile I told him it seemed that he was shopping for the ghost of relationships past .
How to handle : Calmly explain that while she was Kmart , you are Bloomingdale 's and he has to shop accordingly .
Men tend to think women all want the same things , so if he spent years getting used to gifting a one way , there might be a period of adjustment while he resets .
The message
You can learn a lot about a relationship from the gifts you exchange .
" The last Christmas we were together I gave him a suitcase , and he gave me a set of knives , " says an editor I interviewed .
The two split up by mid-January .
My message gift was a cheapo , faux turquoise , Santa Fe-style , silver - plated bracelet that an ex picked out with help from the girl he was cheating on me with .
Ouchie .
How to handle :
You got the gift , do n't wait for the engraved announcement -- get out .
The Frisky : 9 inexcusable excuses for breaking up
TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Manto Tshabalala - Msimang promoted healthy eating to fight HIV
South African ex-Health Minister Manto Tshabalala - Msimang , criticised for questioning whether HIV causes Aids , has died aged 69 from liver disease .
Her critics dubbed her " Dr Beetroot " for her advocacy of healthy eating rather than drugs to fight HIV .
As health minister between 1999 and 2008 she maintained that anti-retroviral drugs were too expensive and had possible harmful side - effects .
She was removed from the post when ex-President Thabo Mbeki stepped down .
But a study last year claimed that more than 300,000 people had died prematurely because of the delay in rolling out the drugs to people with HIV between 2000 and 2005 .
Some 5.2 m South Africans have HIV - the highest number of people living with the virus in one country in the world .
Potato remedy
The BBC's Karen Allen in Johannesburg says Dr Tshabalala - Msimang remained popular among many South Africans for her liberation credentials .
She was a member of the African National Congress during its days of struggle in exile against the apartheid government .
Dr Tshabalala - Msimang recommended olive oil , lemon , beetroot and the African potato as elements of a healthy diet that could treat the symptoms associated with Aids .
Her doctor told the South African Press Association that she had died from complications related to her liver transplant in 2007 .
The Treatment Action Campaign , which took Dr Tshabalala - Msimang to court to force the government to provide more anti-retroviral drugs , which reduce the effects of Aids , sent its condolences to her family and children .
" We do n't wish ill on any human being even though we had a very difficult time with her as minister of health , " said TAC general secretary Vuyiseka Dubula .
Earlier this month , current President Jacob Zuma announced an overhaul of the government 's HIV policy .
He said drugs would be available more widely to children and pregnant women instead of just those whose immunity levels have been significantly reduced by HIV , as has recently been the case .
RIO DE JANEIRO -- Brazil is poised to overtake longtime energy powerhouses Mexico and Venezuela as Latin America 's biggest oil producer , a result of both political flexibility and natural resources .
Trends suggest Brazil could rise to the top of the heap by 2011 , as its ultra - deep offshore fields start producing in the months ahead .
Meanwhile , ...
A British mining company is facing a multi-million pound claim for damages after group of protesters were detained and allegedly tortured at open copper plant mine .
Source : guardian.co.uk guardian.co.uk
A British mining corporation is facing a multimillion - pound claim for damages after protesters were detained and allegedly tortured at an opencast copper plant that the firm is seeking to develop in the mountains of northern Peru .
In a case that will highlight growing tensions between powerful mining interests in Peru and alliances of poor subsistence farmers and environmentalists , the high court in London is to hear harrowing accounts of people held for three days at the remote mine near the border with Ecuador .
When the protesters marched to the mine they found armed police waiting for them .
They say the police were being directed by the mine 's managers – although its owner , Monterrico Metals , disputes this .
After firing teargas at the protesters , the police detained 28 people and bound their hands behind their backs .
The detainees say noxious substances were sprayed in their faces before they were hooded , beaten with sticks and whipped .
Two of the protesters were women who say they were sexually assaulted and threatened with rape .
A further three protesters were shot and wounded by police , and while there is no suggestion the mining company was responsible for this , the protesters claim one of those shot was left to bleed to death at the mine site .
A postmortem examination found that he took about 36 hours to die .
Although Monterrico says it had no control over the police operation , lawyers for the protesters have taken statements from eyewitnesses alleging that the mine 's manager was directing the police , and say that two of the corporation 's executives had been in the area shortly before and during the police operation .
A Peruvian journalist who was detained along with the protesters has since been handed a series of photographs of the police operation , allegedly taken by a Monterrico supervisor , which the protesters say support their allegations of abuse by the police .
Several of the photographs were taken outside the mine 's offices and show the bloodied protesters with their hands bound , while others show groups of blindfolded or hooded protesters herded together on the company 's property .
A number of the photographs show grinning police officers waving the female protesters ' underwear .
One picture shows a farmer called Melanio Garcia , 41 , lying on the ground , apparently alive but badly injured .
Several other pictures , taken 30 hours later according to their time and date stamps , clearly show Garcia to be dead .
The company says he was shot some distance from the mine .
On Friday Richard Meeran , a solicitor with Leigh Day , the London law firm bringing the high court case , obtained a freezing injunction which obliges the company to keep at least £ 5 m of its assets in the UK .
Monterrico says a police officer was shot in the leg by the protesters , and that the demonstrators were detained because of this assault .
A spokesman said : " Monterrico vigorously denies that any of its officers or employees were in any way involved with the alleged abuses at the Rio Blanco mine in 2005 and that it considers allegations to the contrary made by the claimants to be wholly without merit . "
So here ’s the thing :
My son loves fairies .
Loves them .
He ca n’t read enough books about fairies .
He sees fairies out in the world .
He has two fairy friends ( albeit introduced by me , but propagated by him ) who live in his bedroom .
They communicate through written notes .
So why does a book about fairies have to be a GIRLS ’ book ?
Really .
I know that fairies “ typically ” fall into the category of “ girl things , ” but oh how I wish that authors or publishers did not feel compelled to label this book about fairies ( like so many other things ) with the gender of children for whom they ( wrongfully ) intend it .
This narrowing of the market also narrows our collective consciousness .
Even if someone knew that Q loved fairies , I ’m certain they would not share this book with him .
It ’s for girls after all .
And now it sends the message to anyone and everyone that fairies are only for girls .
And , most importantly , sends the message to boys that , if they like fairies , that is wrong .
Or they are really girls .
So much for the broadening and opening of minds .
Of all things , I see literature as a place where Q can open up his imagination .
He can see himself in any character , because that happens in his imagination .
And he has done this with books about fairies to this point .
Even though they feature mainly female characters , he identifies with them , delves into the stories , brings them alive in his life and his play .
And I fear that once he can read he will see labels like the ones on the book above and they will send a message , loud and clear , that something is wrong .
This book ( and these kinds of books ) are not for him .
Or , if they are for him , something must be wrong with him .
And that narrowing of choices and possibilities angers me .
Beyond belief .
I have a son who loves fairies .
Please , just let that love flourish as opposed to being shut away by some external source that is trying to align with social norms .
And in so doing unwittingly promoting them .
Early Monday morning , after two delays , NASA is scheduled to launch an unmanned orbiting observatory that promises to greatly enhance , and significantly change , humanity 's understanding of the heavens .
The Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) is expected to launch from Vandenberg Air Force Base near Santa Barbara , Calif. , between 9:09 and 9:23 a.m. Eastern time .
From its eventual orbit 325 miles above earth , it will begin a blitz of picture - taking with equipment of unprecedented sensitivity .
WISE will map the heavens on four infrared channels , frequencies of long - wave radiation that are invisible to the human eye and many telescopes .
The end - product of the 10 - month mission will be a publicly available catalog of photos that , once stitched together and processed , will offer a portrait of the whole sky in unequaled crispness and detail .
" It really is going to be our GPS [ Global Positioning System ] for astronomers , " says Amy Mainzer , WISE deputy project scientist , from the launch site at the Vandenberg Air Force Base near Santa Barbara , Calif .
" No matter what you like , we 'll have something for you . "
Seeing ' dark ' celestial bodies
Looking at long - wave radiation offers several advantages compared with viewing just the visible light spectrum – the colors of the rainbow .
All matter does not reflect light , nor do all stars emit it .
Some asteroids are blacker than coal , and some young solar systems and galaxies are shrouded in light - blocking dust .
Certain small stars , the so - called brown dwarfs , are n't quite massive enough to ignite a nuclear reaction .
These " failed stars " emit heat , but no light .
All of these " dark " celestial bodies are invisible to standard telescopes .
But unless matter is at a temperature of absolute zero – an impossibility in a universe containing other energetic things , say scientists – it always emits heat .
So scientists liken the launch of WISE to donning a very powerful pair of night - vision goggles .
And once the goggles are in place , they expect to discover celestial bodies in many now seemingly empty areas of the sky .
After all , WISE is hundreds of times more powerful than its predecessor , the Infrared Astronomical Satellite , which was launched in 1983 .
Brown dwarfs , colliding galaxies , and more
WISE 's sensors will pick up dark – and potentially threatening – near - Earth objects , like asteroids .
The satellite will see the rings of dust around young stars that scientists think eventually build into planets like ours .
Colliding galaxies , which are shrouded in dust , will also be visible .
And brown dwarfs , which are thought to be more numerous than light - emitting stars in our galaxy , will be revealed .
Many researchers suspect that we have brown dwarf neighbors closer than Alpha Centauri , which , at 4.37 light years away , is usually considered the star nearest the Sun .
" It will be completing the census of these cold objects in the solar neighborhood , " says Jonathan Fortney , assistant professor of astronomy and astrophysics at the University of California at Santa Cruz , who is not involved with the mission .
" We 'll finally know what our solar neighborhood looks like . "
One million pictures
Once in orbit – and after a systems - test phase – the 10 - foot tall WISE will begin snapping pictures every 11 seconds .
Armed with a 4 megapixel sensor , WISE will take more than 1 million photos during its mission .
" Having a list of objects from something like WISE provides you with ... targets ” to look at more closely , says Marcia Rieke , a professor of astronomy at the University of Arizona in Tucson .
As principal investigator on the James Webb Space Telescope , scheduled for launch in 2014 , she plans to do just that .
Without the information from WISE , " there 's no big sign post in space saying , ' Look here , ' " Dr. Rieke says .
WISE 's pictures of near - earth objects and minor planets will be immediately available as they 're taken .
The entire WISE catalog , part of which will be released during the mission , is slated for public release in 2011 .
Who knows what WISE will reveal .
" We 're exploring the universe in a new way , and we 're sure to find surprises , " says Dr. Mainzer of the WISE team .
" In fact , one thing I 'm sure of is that I 'm sure to be surprised . "
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
I hate to say I told you so , but I have predicted the failure of the Copenhagen summit to agree to binding commitments for over a year .
The Copenhagen fiasco was not just foreseeable , it was inevitable .
The inability of the international community to break the climate deadlock reflects the incompatible national interests and demands that divide the west and the rest .
This is now a permanent feature in what is likely to become an indefinite moratorium on international climate law - making .
In light of the Copenhagen non-agreement , there will be increased pressure by EU members states to water down unilateral emissions targets that are conditional on an international treaty .
Just like Japan , it will be impossible for Europe or , indeed , the UK to continue with policies that are burdening national economies with huge costs and damaging their international competitiveness .
Climate politics face a profound crisis .
Revolts among eastern European countries , in Australia and even among Obama 's Blue Dog Democrats are forcing law - makers to renounce support for unilateral climate policies .
In the UK , the party - political consensus on climate change is unlikely to survive the general elections as both Labour and the Tories are confronted by a growing public backlash against green taxes and rising fuel bills .
However , the biggest losers of the Copenhagen fiasco appear to be climate science and the scientific establishment who , with a very few distinguished exceptions , have promoted unmitigated climate alarm and hysteria .
It confirms beyond doubt that most governments have lost trust in the advice given by climate alarmists and the IPCC .
The Copenhagen accord symbolises the loss of political power by Europe whose climate policies have been rendered obsolete .
It is a remarkable irony of history that when the leading voices of the radical environmental movements of the 1960s and 70s occupy governmental power in most western nations , their political and international influence is on the wane .
The weakening of global warming anxiety among the general public and the marked decline of western influence and authority on the international stage is a clear manifestation of the green slump .
• Dr Benny Peiser is the director of the Global Warming Policy Foundation
Brad Friedman Byon
11/2/2009 , 1:43 pm PT
For various reasons , now seems a good moment to mention that The BRAD BLOG was honored this year with a prestigious Project Censored 2010 award for our coverage of the mysterious death of the GOP 's IT guru Mike Connell .
Connell , for those unfamiliar with the story ( see background links at bottom of this article ) was in the process of testifying about his rumored role in helping the GOP carry out fraud in Ohio's ' 04 Presidential Election when he was then reportedly threatened by Karl Rove .
Weeks later he suddenly plunged to his death in a single - engine plane crash just before Christmas last year as he was preparing to land near Akron , on his way home from one of his frequent trips to D.C. .
My colleagues Mark Crispin Miller and Larisa Alexandrovna and Muriel Kane were also honored by PC for their own coverage of the story .
Project Censored , based out of Sonoma State University , has been highlighting overlooked stories each year since 1976 , and was recognized by Walter Cronkite as " one of the organizations that we should listen to , to be assured our newspaper and our broadcasting outlets are practicing thorough and ethical journalism . "
In addition to our " Excellence in Investigative Journalism " award from PC this year , as highlighted in their annual " Top 25 Censored Stories for 2010 , " I was also asked to write a chapter on problems faced by voters in Election 2008 for this year 's book , Censored 2010 : The Top 25 Censored Stories of 2008 - 09 .
Co-Editors Peter Phillips and Mickey Huff have been kind enough to offer us a number of signed copies at a reduced rate so that we can offer them as premiums to readers of The BRAD BLOG to help continue our work here .
The 9,000 word chapter I wrote for the book is titled " Election 2008 : Vanishing Votes , Disappearing Democracy and Media Misdirection " and includes sections named " And You Lose Your Vote !
And You Lose Your Vote !
And You Lose Your Vote !... " ; " First Worst in the Nation " ; " America Flips Out , Media Barely Notices , Parties Barely Care " ; " Democrats Nowhere to be Found " ; and " Pay No Attention to the Man Behind the Curtain . "
If you 'd like a copy of this great book ( Makes a great holiday gift !
I 'll sign it as well , if you wish ! ) , chocked full of important , overlooked stories from the last year or so , along with follow - ups to them --- and a lot of real information on the story of Election 2008 seen here for the first time in print --- please do one of the following :
Donate $ 50 or more to The BRAD BLOG
Alternately ( and even preferably ! ) sign up for a monthly sustaining donation of $ 15 or more in the blue box in the right sidebar on this page , or
) sign up for a monthly sustaining donation of $ 15 or more in the blue box in the right sidebar on this page , Send a check for $ 50 or more via snail mail , ( note when sending that it 's for " Censored 2010 " ) , to : Brad Friedman , 7095 Hollywood Blvd. , # 594 , Los Angeles , CA 90028
Your support is greatly appreciated , and tremendously needed , as we receive no foundational or corporate support for our work here !
Your contributions are largely the only thing that keep us going !
So thank you in advance for any help here !
* * *
Links to The BRAD BLOG 's most recent coverage of the Mike Connell story follows below ...
There are plenty of stories of cetaceans saving humans .
Indeed , Jonah was rescued by a whale when he was thrown overboard , and there have been tales of dolphins assisting swimmers in distress or shielding them from circling sharks .
Killer whales , however — themselves a species of dolphin — did n't get their name for nothing .
Early Basque whalers called them whale killers when they saw them attacking other whales .
Hunting like a pack of wolves , orca know no fear .
They 'll tear the throats from grey whale calves , and have even been known to take chunks out of sperm whales — the largest predators that ever lived .
But here 's a sight to gladden the eye .
Earlier this year , Californian scientists Robert L Pitman and John W Durban sailed to the Antarctic in search of killer whales .
They were looking for a possible new species , known to hunt Weddell seals — one of the plumpest of the pinnipeds ( the suborder that includes seals and sea lions ) — by washing them off ice floes with their wake .
That 's what was happening here — until a group of humpback whales arrived on the scene .
Unlike orca , which are odontocetes or toothed whales , humpbacks are mysticetes , harmless leviathans with only baleen plates in their mouths .
Doubtless open - mouthed themselves , Pitman and Durban — along with a film crew from the BBC Natural History unit — watched as one seal , swept into the water by the orca , swam towards the humpbacks .
As the killer whales moved in , the plucky pinniped leapt on to the vast ribbed belly of a humpback , and nestled in the animal 's armpit .
Not only that , but when a wave threatened to return the seal to danger , the humpback used its massive flipper ( at five metres , the longest in the animal kingdom ) to nudge it back on .
" Moments later the seal scrambled off and swam to the safety of a nearby ice floe , " wrote the scientists .
They believe the seal triggered a maternal defence mechanism in the humpbacks .
Whatever the truth , it 's a heartening tale .
But spare a thought for the orca .
They 've got kids to feed , too .
Perugia , Italy ( CNN ) --
Family members of Meredith Kercher said Saturday they were satisfied with the verdict that found American Amanda Knox and her Italian ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , guilty of the fatal knifing of the British student .
" Ultimately we are pleased with the decision , " said Lyle Kercher , Meredith Kercher 's brother .
" But it was not a moment of celebration .
We are here because our sister was brutally murdered . "
The victim 's sister , Stephanie Kercher , talked Friday about her family 's grief .
" Our lives have been on hold , really .
You can't really carry on as normal , " she said .
" You have to take each day as it comes .
It 's not ever going to be the same without [ Meredith ] . "
Knox and Sollecito were found guilty of murder Friday after a lengthy , sensational trial .
Knox was given a 26 - year sentence ; Sollecito was sentenced to 25 years .
Both will appeal , attorneys said .
Knox and Sollecito were convicted on all charges except theft .
The pair was accused of staging a theft to cover up the killing .
Authorities said 300 euros ( about $ 444 ) was discovered missing from Kercher 's purse .
The pair must pay 5 million euros ( $ 7.4 million ) to Kercher 's family .
In addition , Knox must pay 40,000 euros ( nearly $ 60,000 ) to a man whom she falsely accused of the killing .
One of Knox 's sisters said Saturday that Amanda " had a rough night . "
Her mother , Edda Mellas , said , " She had a lot of support .
The inmates and the guards were all taking great care of her .
They care a lot .
" Amanda , like the rest of us , is extremely disappointed -- upset about the decision , " Mellas said .
" We 're all in shock ; we 're all heartened by the support " that she said residents of Perugia and other Italians had shown .
" People from all over the world have been sending us messages of support all through the night , " Mellas said .
" We told her she 's going to get out of there .
It 's [ just ] going to take a little longer . "
Sollecito's lawyer , Luca Maori , criticized his client 's punishment -- less than the life sentence the prosecution requested but far short of exonerating Sollecito -- as making no sense .
" For the grave crimes they claimed , you either sentence them to life .
... or you acquit .
There is no middle way , " Maori said .
Public prosecutor Giuliano Mignini told CNN he feels he presented a strong case .
He said about 20 magistrates worked alongside police during the investigation .
However , he said that in the face of the planned appeals , clearly the conviction is not final .
Learn how the murder case played out
People who disagree with the verdict should at least respect it , because so many professionals were involved in the investigation , Mignini said .
" I believe , evidently , that they think there was violence .
They are the deputies who establish the foundation " of charges , he said .
" And they did this . "
The victim's mother said she believed the defendants were guilty of the slaying .
" You have to go with the evidence , " Arline Kercher said .
Take a look at the evidence against Knox
Knox 's lead defense attorney , Luciano Ghirga , said that when he met with his client Saturday morning , she was angry and continued to proclaim her innocence .
He told CNN the situation has been a trying experience , and Knox hardly slept Friday night after the verdict .
She was consoled by the other prisoners , who managed to get her a cup of warm milk , Ghirga said .
The jury reached its verdict after deliberating nearly 11 hours on the 11 counts .
Jurors must submit an explanation of how they reached their decision to the judge within 90 days , and this " jury motivation " will be made public .
Prosecutors had asked for a sentence of life in prison .
Italy does not have the death penalty .
CNN 's Richard Greene and Hada Messia contributed to this report .
Mothers of adolescents and adults with autism experience chronic stress comparable to combat soldiers and struggle with frequent fatigue and work interruptions , new research finds .
These moms also spend significantly more time caregiving than moms of those without disabilities .
Researchers followed a group of moms of adolescents and adults with autism for eight days in a row .
Moms were interviewed at the end of each day about their experiences and on four of the days researchers measured the moms ’ hormone levels to assess their stress .
They found that a hormone associated with stress was extremely low , consistent with people experiencing chronic stress such as soldiers in combat , the researchers report in one of two studies published in the Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“ This is the physiological residue of daily stress , ” says Marsha Mailick Seltzer , a researcher at the University of Wisconsin - Madison who authored the studies .
“ The mothers of children with high levels of behavior problems have the most pronounced physiological profile of chronic stress , but the long - term effect on their physical health is not yet known . ”
Such hormone levels have been associated with chronic health problems and can affect glucose regulation , immune functioning and mental activity , researchers say .
In a companion study , the researchers followed up with the same group of mothers daily to interview them about how they used their time , their level of fatigue , what leisure activities they participated in and whether or not stressful events occurred .
This information was then compared with data from a national sample of mothers whose children do not have disabilities .
Mothers of those with autism reported spending at least two hours more each day caregiving than mothers of children without disabilities .
On any given day these moms were also twice as likely to be tired and three times as likely to have experienced a stressful event .
What ’s more , these moms were interrupted at work on one out of every four days compared to less than one in 10 days for other moms .
Despite all of this , mothers of an individual with autism were just as likely to have positive experiences each day , volunteer or support their peers as those whose children have no developmental disability , researchers found .
“ On a day - to - day basis , the mothers in our study experience more stressful events and have less time for themselves compared to the average American mother , ” says Leann Smith , a developmental psychologist at the University of Wisconsin - Madison who worked on the studies .
“ We need to find more ways to be supportive of these families . ”
In particular , the researchers say that parents need better respite options and flexibility from their employers .
Further , they say , programs to help manage behavior problems can go a long way toward improving the situation for mothers and their kids alike .
We ’ve seen , during late years many concept cars and most of them are to weird or to strange to see it in the near future , but I think that many of you must know more about top of my favorite concept cars .
No.1 – BMW Lovos Concept Car
BMW Lovos Concept was designed by Anne Forschner , a student of design at Pforzheim University in Germany .
BMW Lovos Concept Car
BMW Lovos Concept Car
BMW Lovos Concept Car
The car name , Lovos came from Lifestyle of Voluntary Simplicity and it was developed together with BMW , offering an aggressive design by its functions , as : solar photovoltaic panels ( each one interchangeable ) , operable as solar cells when flipped around , collecting energy from its electric engine , aerodynamically aspect , organic - style flip , etc .
I do n’t think this car will become reality too soon , but I would love to drive one in the future .
No.2 – Mazda TONBO Concept Car
Mazda TONBO
Concept was designed by Jan Dedek , Kazz Imomota and Aleksandra Sladek , as a collaboration project between Mazda Europe and Dedek Design .
Mazda TONBO Concept Car
Mazda TONBO Concept Car
Mazda TONBO Concept Car
This impressive concept was made as a perfect car for a weekend trip , because it has a racking system to carry sport equipment and it ’s a good swimmer , too ; it can go through the water like an amphibian .
Also , the care has a safe parking system with an anti-vandal closing system , all green because of the fuel cells .
No.3 – Peugeot Omni Concept Car
Peugeot Omni Concept was designed as a continuing story of first idea ( from 1973 ) of Bengt Ilon , Swedish inventor working for a company named Mecanum , AB , that formulated an idea for a wheel which could move in any direction , from here the term “ omni - wheel ” .
Peugeot Omni Concept Car
The original concept was to attach a number of free - wheeling rollers , around a rim , with the rollers oriented at 45 º with respect to the wheel ’s axis of rotation and this feature would allow the wheel to move not only perpendicular to the axis of rotation , but also at any angle between +45 º and - 45 º degrees .
A basic omni wheel can be made with a variable number of rollers determined by the application and desired performance .
Peugeot Omni Concept Car
” Omni - wheel ” is a concept of future , since today the basic problem of every metropolis is parking .
Because of that , omni-directional wheels have been placed on the “ Peugeot Omni ” in order to enable fast and easy parking , anywhere you wish and movement in all directions , easily passing the obstacles on the narrow roads crowded by cars , trucks and pedestrians !
Peugeot Omni Concept Car
This car was perfectly design to respect all requirements related to environmental protection , because it ’s powered by an electric engine and the emission of greenhouse gasses is zero .
This engine is powered by rechargeable Lithium Ion batteries and the solar cells on its roof provide additional energy for recharging the battery and other electric devices in the car .
The majority of materials applied are fully recyclable , in line with requirements of the modern living and protection of the human environment .
No.4 – Rinspeed iChange Concept Car
Rinspeed iChange Concept was designed by Swiss Automobile Visionary Frank M. Rinderknecht , a Concept Car with Adaptive Energy Concept .
Frank M. Rinderknecht have used highly advanced technology and a Swiss - based network of top automotive specialists for his project and the Rinspeed “ iChange ” fits perfectly to Esoros motto .
Rinspeed iChange Concept Car
Rinspeed iChange Concept Car
Rinspeed iChange Concept Car
“ The „ iChange “ is a symbol for the fundamental changes the auto industry undergoes worldwide , ” said Frank M. Rinderknecht .
“ And it is clear that only those companies will survive that have innovative answers for the demands of a new automotive era .
The „ iChange “ is a signal for the coming global changes to individual mobility .
We need to be ready to meet these challenges with new ideas . ”
The „ iChange “ concept weighs only 1,050 kg and is powered by a 150 kW electric engine with a 6 - speed pre-selector transmission from a Subaru WRX that can propel the car to 220 kmh with acceleration of 0 to 100 kmh ( 0 - 62 mph ) in just over 4 sec .
The car is powered with lithium - ion batteries that are available in two different stack configurations for short - and long - distance driving .
No.5 – Laminar 2 All Electric Concept Car
Laminar 2 All Electric Concept Car was designed by auto designer Daniel Fitzgerald and it is a futuristic three - seater electric car ready to face the near future .
The concept was designed with 2 rear in - wheel electric engines powered by Li-ion batteries for quick and green recharging .
The car impresses by many details , as : adjustable aerodynamics , electroluminescent hubcaps for night vision , passenger mirrors and many others .
Laminar 2 All Electric Concept Car
Laminar 2 All Electric Concept Car
Laminar 2 All Electric Concept Car
Laminar 2 All Electric Concept Car has an aerodynamic form by using a rotating front wing that allows it to cut efficiently through the air ; when the front wing is at 40 degree position , the front facing profile of the car is changed and oncoming air is re-directed upward , making the down force necessary for safer cornering .
A postman renowned for predicting the weather using ancient methods today insisted Ireland is heading for a white Christmas .
Michael Gallagher , who learned his age - old technique from the last generations living high in Donegal ’s Blue Stack mountains , uses nature and the behaviour of animals to make his forecast .
The 61 - year - old , who lives in the remote Glenfin Valley , said all the signs pointed to snow on its way .
“ We are definitely on our way to a white Christmas , ” he said .
More scientific meteorological forecasters would only say snow was possible during an expected cold spell coming in this week — but they cannot tell how long it will last .
Mr Gallagher , who says his methods were relied on for hundreds of years before television weather forecasters , will raise the hopes of those dreaming of a white Christmas .
“ Predicting one day precisely is very hard to pull off , but I ’m almost definite — about 90 per cent , ” he said .
“ When the sun shines on to the ( Blue Stack ) mountains , and down to the lowlands it ’s turning a reddish - brown colour , that ’s a sign of snow .
“ The sheep and the cattle are going mad too , shaking themselves , coming in off the mountains and coming to the gate .
“ And I noticed the other day , the fox is getting very busy , looking for hens and howling at two in the morning .
“ There ’s a hunger in everything , they want to be fed because they know what is coming .
These are ‘ moving signs ’ that things are going to happen . ”
A postman for 42 years , Mr Gallagher shot into the public spotlight two years ago when he lifted the nation ’s sodden spirits with his unorthodox prediction of an end to incessant summer rain .
Massive interest in his old techniques and a trip to China — with his daughter , who won a silver medal in the Special Olympics — where he noted many old traditions survive , prompted him to complete a book this year , Traditional Weather Signs .
Using those methods , he said , everything was signalling a “ tight and hard wintry snap in the coming weeks , with the best chance for years of widespread snow on December 25th .
“ There ’s so many signs I can tell you : the late growth of grass in October , the haws are laden with berries — that ’s another sign , ” he said .
1. Ron Paul
Created : December 31 , 2009 12:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Image has not been found .
URL : /wp-content/uploads/2009/12/Paul.jpgTwo years ago , many Republicans could n’t stand him .
The longtime congressman from Texas made his quixotic presidential campaign all about the Constitution and the Federal Reserve , seemingly to the exclusion of other issues , and for his trouble he was excluded from some of the debates .
Reporters , hungry for soundbites and attack lines , and interested more in who would win the nomination than what the candidates thought , found him tiresome — at the very first GOP debate in 2007 , Chris Matthews muttered “ Oh , God ” when Paul started talking about “ original intent . ”
He raised $ 35 million and won 1.2 million primary and caucus votes , but when 2008 ended , his slogan sounded extreme .
The “ Ron Paul Revolution ” ?
What did that word have to do with modern American politics ?
But at the close of 2009 , Paul seems less like an outsider and more like a pioneer .
For the first time in his congressional career , he got every Republican colleague on board with a piece of legislation : HR 1207 , an attempt to “ audit ” the Federal Reserve ’s activity .
His rhetoric and some of his imagery ( like Revolutionary War re-enactment ) have been copied wholesale by the Tea Party movement .
The beliefs held by Paul that were once considered out of the mainstream — a collapsing dollar , obsession with the Fed , an encroaching North American Union , gold as the only safe investment — are now de regueur for Republican candidates .
What presidential loser has had more of an impact on the party that rejected him ?
Click here to replay slideshow .
My secret santa ( I will find you ! ) found one of my comments in a post about a pee tree somewhere in Europe so males could urinate everywhere .
I lamented that , as a female , I would be unable to enjoy such public relief .
NOW I CAN !
BAM ! GoGirl .
Now I can pee anywhere on the go , penis free !
The glass ceiling of the urinating world is gone !
Reusable too !
This made my day !
Thank you !
Throwing Our Energy At Impossible Dreams
By P.F. Henshaw
16 December , 2009
Countercurrents.org
Signs of cognition , maybe ?
In the haystack of contentious arguments at Copenhagen it seems only the occasional unofficial commentary pointed to the real solvable source of our monumental collision with the limits of the earth .
Somehow in the process of growing ever bigger , mankind got " big " , and continuing to grow still bigger is optional .
Yes , it sort of " happened naturally " , and is also natural for us to be a bit confused about the whole turn of events it precipitates , but it is still also definitely our own choice to be doing it too , and we 're simply hiding from the problem it creates on the whole .
It may be easy to question the morality of how the Chinese chose to limit t their population growth by limiting personal freedoms , but did face the challenge .
You really can't argue with the fact that virtually everyone else is just ignoring that same profound moral dilemma , that affluence naturally multiplies people .
Instead we have a world desperately trying to mitigate climate change with an unqualified commitment to of sustaining the accelerating growth affluence forever .
Our technique for doing that is also our choice , trying to decrease our impacts on the earth by multiplying wealth more efficiently .
What that actually does is feed our appetites at multiplying rates for profit as our first and last priority .
It somewhat reduces the growth rate of our multiplying impacts , instead of reducing them , to then shortly make living on earth entirely unprofitable .
Though it 's completely voluntary and purposeful , I 'm sure everyone swept up in steering the planet in that direction intends something rather different than the consequence of making all our problems ever more insolvable .
People even mostly know and understand that at natural growth limits , as strains multiply , the cheapest way to reduce your strains and waste of energy is ALWAYS to just skip the option of adding to your investments in expansion .
If the house needs a roof and another floor might make it unstable , build the roof !
That trick is even seen in nature 's greatest success stories .
Every organism that survives its own explosive growth from a single cell uses that as its way of bringing its own growth to a smooth and sustainable climax , for example !
Anything that reaches its climax at a peak of vitality does so by ending its self - investment in growth at the time its design is complete and worth sustaining .
Our economic rule has been closer to " every good thing must be discarded " .
The alternative is to just turn off the growth pumps when they start to cause trouble , and sort things out to find what 's worth keeping .
That 's the whole formula for sustainability for so very many big and small things people do for themselves , and that we rely on in things that take care of themselves in nature too .
Still , where is the cognitive path ?
Humanity clearly believes in and is devoting its most concentrated efforts on making its growth machine more efficient , to grow its way out of the earth 's ever more severe physical constraints ...
Growing your way out of environmental constraints is a plan that does work splendidly sometimes , as for a little chick inside it 's egg , yes , or an infant in the womb .
Then bursting from severe environmental constraints reveals fields of grain and new worlds of choices waiting , for which the new organism only has a limited appetite .
The plan to just crash your limits often enough also works OK in pursuing " the impossible dream " in the worlds of ideas , within the ' noosphere ' , where the only real limit is imagination and failures of imagination are of little real physical consequence .
The physical world is different though .
We now have a whole planet of leaders who believe we only need to physically grow our economies ever faster to burst out of the limits of an entire planet !
They truly act as if wishing we had the limitless resources and freedoms of the past would surely cause them to reappear .
That 's the worst kind of fundamentalist delusion , a most extreme sort of misguided sophistry .
Is it a mass hysteria ?
Is it a case of worldwide Alzheimer 's disease , leading us to withdraw into our emotional detachment from the natural world and bumble around waving amazingly clever self - deceptions .. , like growth to reduce impacts ?
I wonder , instead of creating ever more dramatic diversions in response to our ever more desperate situations , could we ' wake up ' as from a dream ?
It would be a great deal less expensive , in fact .
Could we just shift the use of our creative powers to discovering this new reality we find , that we 've clearly seen approaching for decades of decades ?
There 's also a need to help people understand why efficiency , productivity , hard work and big families used to be so good for everything .
They once both relieved burdens and provided freedoms for people directly benefiting from them , but also created wealth and opportunity for everyone else too .
That was the magic of economic growth .
The problem now is that the very same things have the reverse effect , and multiply complications and constraints for everyone .
I think that 's what has everyone fooled , that as mankind proceeded to get bigger and bigger we silently crossed a threshold of becoming " big " , say between 50 and 75 years ago .
After that , quite unnoticed , our normal way of relieving burdens on ourselves , hard work , productivity and efficiency , started ever more dominantly multiplying burdens on each other and the earth ...
More growth now pushes everyone all ever harder against nature 's limits instead of giving everyone more freedoms .
Continuing as we always did , now that the responses of the planet have so dramatically changed meanings , seems to be how we ended up trying to reduce our burdens on the earth by multiplying them !
In a world as changed as ours is , living in the past or dreaming of returning to the past , as all the world 's leaders promote , is really a kind of dementia and disorientation .
Nature changed her orientation and we just did n't notice ...!
Just pausing to learn about this unfamiliar place and our unexpected arrival , might be a more productive diversion than arguing about how to get our vehicle going ever faster again .
We 're marooned , as it were , on a part of the planet we never saw before , and it 's a bit of luck really too .
We 're apparently both nearly out of gas and saved from heading over a cliff only by few flat tires and grinding gears in the transmission .
BRAND
- Angeli e Demoni Animali Ape Maya Arrow Assassin's Creed Asterix Bakugan Battle Spirits Betty Boop Cartoons - Barbapapà Cartoons - Ben 10 Cartoons - Braccio di Ferro Cartoons - Futurama Cartoons - Gli orsetti del cuore Cartoons - Gumball Cartoons - Hello Spank Cartoons - Little Amadeus Cartoons - Little Einstein Cartoons - Mini Pony Cartoons - Pemuckl Cartoons - Pippi Calzelunghe Cartoons - Pucca Cartoons - Regular Show Cartoons - Sam il Pompiere Cartoons - Snorkies Cartoons - Superchicche Cartoons - Teletubbies Cartoons - The Simpsons Cartoons - Trolls Cartoons - varie Cattivissimo me Cavalieri dello Zodiaco Chima Cinema DC comics - Batman DC comics - Justice League DC comics - Superman DC comics universe Diabolik DinoFroz Disney - Aladdin Disney - Altri film Disney - Bambi Disney - Big Hero 6 Disney - Cars Disney - Chicken Little Disney - Classics Disney - Dottoressa Peluches Disney - Film Disney - Frozen Disney - Gli incredibili Disney - Handy Manny Disney -
Il libro della giungla Disney - Il Re Leone Disney - Jake e i pirati Disney - La carica dei 101 Disney - La Principessa e il Ranocchio Disney - La Sirenetta Disney - Lilli e il vagabondo Disney - Lilo e Stitch Disney - Nemo Disney - Planes Disney - Principesse Disney - Rapunzel Disney - Ribelle the Brave Disney - Sofia la Principessa Disney - Toy Story Disney - Uno zoo in fuga Doraemon Dragon Ball Dragon Ball Card Game Dragon Trainer Duel Masters Espositori Fantastico - Draghi Fantastico - Fate Fantastico - Mitologico Favole - Biancaneve Favole - Cenerentola Favole - I tre porcellini Favole - La Bella addormentata Favole - La bella e la bestia Favole - Varie Film Final Fantasy Fogli Fumetti - Garfield Fumetti - Marsupilami Fumetti - Varie Ghostbusters Gormiti Hanna & Barbera - The Flintstones Hanna & Barbera - The Jetsons Hanna & Barbera - Tom & Jerry Happy Feet Hello Kitty Huntik Il Piccolo Principe
Il signore degli anelli Krosmaster Kung Fu Panda La Pimpa Lego Lego The Movie L'Era Glaciale Looney Tunes Luky Luke Lupin III Madagascar Magic Magic The Gathering Marvel Marvel - Avengers Marvel - X Man Meet the Robinsons Miscellanea Modellismo Mondo del Calcio Mondo della Musica Mondo dello Sport Mondo Kinder Monete - Euro Monster Allergy Monster High Monsters & Co. Naruto Natale Natura - Animali Natura - Animali marini Natura - Dinosauri Natura - Piante Oggy e i Maledetti Scarafaggi One Piece Opera umana - Architettura Opera umana - Ingegneria Opera umana - Lavoro Pantera Rosa Paw Patrol Peppa Pig Peter Pan Pinocchio Pokemon Puffi Sailor Moon Scooby Doo Serie TV e trasmissioni Shrek Snoopy - Peanuts South Park Sponge Bob Star Trek Star Wars Storia - Medioevo Storia - Moderintà Storia - Tempi antichi Tartarughe Ninja The Big Bang Theory The Eye of the Judgement Topo Gigio Transformers Trenino Thomas Turbo Vanguard Videogiochi VIP e Personaggi Famosi Wall-e Winnie the Pooh Winx World of Warcraft YU -GI -HO YU-GI-OH
Wall Street bankers make too much money -- on that the American public may be in near - unanimous agreement .
But what about your own compensation ?
Can you justify it in this still - struggling economy ?
One inevitable effect of this recession ’s massive job losses and plunge in consumer and business spending has been downward pressure on the wages and benefits of many of those who still are working .
That pressure has been evident for the last 18 months or so , of course , as the unemployment rate has climbed relentlessly .
Advertisement
Now , with the economic downturn seemingly over as measured by the classic gauge of gross domestic product growth , the question is whether workers ’ piece of the economic pie will begin to grow again .
There are some hopeful signs .
Toolmaker Black & Decker Corp. , which this week agreed to sell itself to rival Stanley Works , decided to reverse employee pay cuts of up to 10 % that were initiated in April .
An October survey of 200 U.S. companies found that 35 % of firms that had previously cut matching contributions to 401 ( k ) savings plans were planning to reinstitute those payments in the next six months , up from the 24 % that had said they ’d do so in an August survey , according to consulting firm Watson Wyatt Worldwide .
Yet the magnitude of job losses here and abroad in this devastating recession poses a huge risk to the future compensation of the still - employed :
What if , for years to come , there are masses of qualified people willing to do what you do -- but for much less pay ?
Advertisement
The U.S. economy has lost more than 7 million private - sector jobs since December 2007 , dwarfing the 3.3 million lost in the 2001 recession and its aftermath .
“ Never has business shed so many workers so fast , so many people failed to find work who are looking for work , and so many dropped out of the labor force as in the current circumstance , ” said Allen Sinai , head of Decision Economics Inc .
What ’s more , even analysts who are optimistic about a recovery in 2010 expect that many U.S. companies will be slow to rehire , given the understandable caution that last year ’s financial - system meltdown has bred .
That could guarantee that the ranks of the jobless will remain swollen .
With jobs extraordinarily scarce , Americans ’ confidence about the economy is mired at low levels .
The Reuters / University of Michigan consumer confidence index for November , reported Friday , fell to 66.0 from 70.6 last month , the second straight decline .
The index has crashed from nearly 100 in January 2007 , though it ’s up from the 19 - year low of 55.3 reached one year ago .
Advertisement
One statistic in the confidence survey is particularly telling , said Richard Curtin , the survey ’s director : A mere one in 10 consumers said their household income had risen in the last 12 months , the lowest reading in the survey ’s 63 - year history .
Though the lack of income growth stems from a number of factors , including the stock market ’s deep decline and the plunge in interest rates on bank savings , “ it ’s primarily work - related , ” Curtin said .
Fewer companies were in a position to give raises , and many have chiseled away at workers ’ compensation by reducing pay or , more commonly , benefits .
The employment cost index -- the government ’s broad measure of growth in private - and public - sector worker compensation -- rose just 1.5 % in the 12 months ended in September , down from 2.9 % in the previous 12 - month period .
The index measures the combined increase in wages and benefits .
A narrower index that measures growth in wages alone for private - sector workers inched up 1.4 % in the same 12 months , the smallest rise since the government began keeping statistics in 1975 .
Advertisement
From businesses ’ viewpoint this is hardly all bad news , or not bad news , period .
Their ability to reduce or restrain labor costs -- as is typical in any recession -- has been key to lessening the damage done to profit as sales have plunged .
What ’s troubling is the idea that many companies might have little or no incentive to raise pay or benefits in an economic recovery simply because labor worldwide remains in such a surplus .
The nightmare scenario for workers would be a race to the bottom in the wages and benefits offered by employers , as the desperate jobless lower their pay expectations and in turn force those still working to accept less .
There ’s no evidence that that is happening on a huge scale now , with business conditions at least stabilizing .
But if the economy falls into recession again in 2010 , the threat to compensation levels could balloon .
Advertisement
“ For many adults , in their entire lives the idea that nominal wages would fall was not a possibility , ” said Paul Harrington , associate director at the Center for Labor Market Studies at Northeastern University in Boston .
“ This is a completely new issue . ”
Of course , plenty of entrepreneurs and salespeople have long been used to fluctuating incomes .
But Harrington ’s point is that many or most people have n’t planned for a significant drop in pay during their working lives .
It ’s also true that a race to the bottom in compensation would require that companies abandon any pretense of caring about their workers .
That ’s highly unlikely to happen at many firms , particularly smaller businesses .
Watson Wyatt ’s October survey found that 65 % of firms said they were more concerned now about retaining “ critical - skill ” and top - performing employees than they were before the economy ’s dive .
Advertisement
And obviously , people who have what employers want will always find themselves in demand .
There is , however , a hard - core camp in the economics world that believes the only way to put America ’s new army of jobless back to work is via a deep reduction in labor costs overall -- enough to make the U.S. far more competitive with overseas rivals .
A slow way to achieve that reduction would be to allow the dollar ’s value to continue to slide against other currencies , a trend that has been underway since 2001 .
The fast way -- sudden and steep pay cuts across much of the economy -- is a chilling concept .
It would risk a deflationary spiral of falling incomes leading to falling prices for goods and services as workers have less to spend -- exactly the spiral that the Federal Reserve is so intent on stopping before it can get any momentum .
Advertisement
--
tom.petruno@latimes.com
Deprecated . in favor of exceptions
Please switch to the exceptions package
Congratulations to Google on the open sourcing of Google Chrome OS
When Chrome OS was announced in June we saw this as a positive development , bringing choice to the consumer .
We considered how open source development is as much about co-operation as it is about competition .
Google have made it clear that they are keen to develop Chrome OS openly and we have had the pleasure of hosting a number of the Google team at the Ubuntu Developer Summit in Dallas over the last few days where we have been able to see that openness in action .
In the interest of transparency , we should declare that Canonical is contributing engineering to Google under contract .
In our discussions , Sundar Pichai and Linus Upson made it clear that they want , wherever feasible , to build on existing components and tools from the open source community without unnecessary re-invention .
This clear focus should benefit a wide variety of existing projects and we welcome it .
On the consumer side , people will ask about the positioning of Chrome OS and Ubuntu .
While the two operating systems share some core components , Google Chrome OS will provide a very different experience to Ubuntu .
Ubuntu will continue to be a general purpose OS running both web and native applications such as OpenOffice and will not require specialised hardware .
So 2010 looks set to be a very exciting year .
In addition to delivering Ubuntu experiences with both existing and new OEM partners , we will be working with Google on Chrome OS based devices .
Source from Here
Sponsored Link
Related posts
James Surowiecki spoke with Professor Joseph Stiglitz , the Nobel Prize - winning economist , about the mishandling of the financial crisis , the relationship between government and markets , and the future of capitalism around the world .
They met last month at Stiglitz ’s office at Columbia University .
I was surprised by the choice of San Diego as top beer town in a recent Men ’s Journal feature , The Top Five Beer Towns .
Portland came in at a respectable # 3 , just after New York City and followed by Philadelphia and Chicago – all reasonable choices for a top five beer town list .
I ’m sure there are some excellent breweries in San Diego , and the climate certainly invites enjoying a cold one .
Still , I could n’t help but think Portland was slighted ( and Denver and Seattle , which did n’t even make the list ) .
But certainly , I reminded myself , the writers , Christian DeBenedetti and Seth Fletcher , are entitled to their opinions .
But then , in the writers ’ rationalization for putting San Diego at the top of the list , I read this :
The sheer number of breweries ( 33 ) blows us away .
( It has crept past Portland , which has 29 . )
Well I try to keep up on my Portland factoids , and I was pretty sure that Portland still had more breweries than any other city in the world – Beervana and Munich on the Willamette and all .
And as I thought about it some more I realized that I could come up with a list of 25 +
Portland area brew pubs and breweries I ’ve actually patronized myself .
I ’m sure there are some I was forgetting or maybe had n’t even heard of .
So I checked up on my factoid at the Oregon Brewers Guild website , and I confirmed that yes , Portland , Oregon actually has 30 breweries within the city , still more than any other city in the world .
Men ’s Journal provides no source for their claim about San Diego ’s number of breweries , but after a little research ( i.e. google ) I arrived at the suspicion it is a misinterpretation of information from the San Diego Brewers Guild , which states that their city is home to more than 33 brew houses .
A quick glance at the publication , A Complete Guide To San Diego Breweries ( pdf ) , however , quickly reveals that only 13 of the 32 breweries listed in the Guide are , as matter of fact , in San Diego proper .
The rest are in surrounding suburbs and towns in the metropolitan area .
Even Stone Brewing Company , probably the best known San Diego brewery ( well , the only one I could think of ) , is based in Escondido .
The Portland metropolitan area , on the other hand , has 38 breweries – quite a few more than the San Diego area .
The Men ’s Journal writers are entitled to their own opinions , but certainly not their own facts .
Portland is still Beertown USA , and San Diego , though a fine city with ( in all likelihood ) some excellent breweries , is n’t even close .
Earlier Monday , however , the Dubai government rattled markets by saying it was n't responsible for the debts of Dubai World .
Dubai World , whose slogan is " The sun never sets on Dubai World , " represents most of Dubai 's total debt of $ 80 billion .
" Creditors need to take part of the responsibility for their decision to lend to the companies , " said Abdulrahman al - Saleh , director general of Dubai 's Department of Finance .
" They think Dubai World is part of the government , which is not correct . "
Dubai 's debt problems are a hangover from a property bubble that imploded after the financial crisis derailed its plans to become a magnet for tourists and a regional hub for everything from shipping to entertainment .
Among Dubai World 's major projects is the world 's tallest building and palm - shaped housing developments in the Persian Gulf .
In its statement , Dubai World said it plans to restructure the debt of subsidiaries Nakheel and Limitless World .
The process would not include its other entities , Infinity World Holding , Istithmar World and Ports & Free Zone World , which the company said are on stable footing .
" It is envisaged the restructuring process will be carried out in an equitable way for the overall benefit of all stakeholders and will comprise several phases , " the company said .
Among these phases include determining areas of maintainable profit and cash generation , asset sales , and the assesment of funding requirements , the company said .
Nakheel earlier on Monday asked for three of its Islamic bonds , worth a total of $ 5.25 billion , to be suspended on Nasdaq Dubai until it was in a position to " fully inform the market . "
— Reuters contributed to this report
Bankruptcy is not a position that people want to find themselves in .
Despite what we see on the news about people abusing the system to get out of paying their debts , most people wait much longer than they should before filing bankruptcy .
Bankruptcy is a legal way to resolve some of your debts .
If you find yourself in a situation where you can no longer afford to pay your necessary living expenses ( food , rent , clothes , transportation , utilities , medical ) and you have other non-necessary debts ( credit cards , old medical , past judgments , repossessed cars , anything you are paying for you no longer have , use or need . )
Have the climate wars of Africa begun ?
Tales of conflict emerging from this remote , arid region of Kenya have disturbing echoes of the lethal building blocks that turned Darfur into a killing ground in western Sudan .
Tribes that lived side by side for decades say they ’ve been pushed to warfare by competition for disappearing water and pasture .
The government is accused of exacerbating tensions by taking sides and arming combatants who once used spears and arrows .
The aim , all sides say , is no longer just to steal land or cattle , but to drive the enemy away forever .
It ’s a combustible mix of forces that the United Nations estimates has resulted in at least 400 deaths in northern Kenya this year .
Moreover , experts worry that it ’s just the beginning of a new era of climate - driven conflict in Africa .
“ There is a lesson in Darfur , ” said Richard Odingo , vice chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , a global scientific body that shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with former Vice President Al Gore .
“ Every dry area has the potential to be a flash point if we are not careful . ”
Africa is no stranger to conflict :
The continent has been rocked by war , ethnic hatred , post - colonial border disputes and competition for resources , including oil and diamonds .
But as the deserts encroach in Sudan , rainfall declines in the Horn of Africa -- a 15 % decrease is predicted over the next few decades -- and fresh water evaporates in the south , climate change is transforming conflicts and kicking old tensions into overdrive .
“ Climate change amplifies and escalates vulnerability , ” said Achim Steiner , director of the U.N. Environment Program .
“ It does n’t mean that conflict is inevitable , but it ’s much more likely . ”
Scientific and anecdotal evidence is mounting that the changes underway here are more than climatic variation .
Droughts that once appeared every decade now hit every two or three years .
Icecaps atop Mt. Kenya and Mt. Kilimanjaro are evaporating , and Lake Chad has lost 90 % of its water since the 1960s .
And Africa is getting hotter .
Maximum temperatures in Kenya ’s Rift Valley and on its northern coast have risen by more than 5 degrees over the last 20 to 40 years , according to research by the group Christian Aid .
Malaria , once rare in Kenya ’s central highlands because the weather was too cold for the disease - spreading mosquitoes , has become a major health challenge .
But conflict is perhaps the most alarming symptom .
Violence is becoming deadlier thanks to population growth and the proliferation of arms .
Thirty years ago , a few dozen tribal warriors with spears might have clashed at a water hole .
Today rural communities are armed with AK - 47s and even national armies are jumping into the fray .
In October , Kenyan soldiers clashed with Sudanese tribesmen conducting a cross - border cattle raid .
This summer , the Ugandan military was accused of using attack helicopters against Kenyan herdsmen attempting to graze their stock in their country .
In Kenya , experts say , the violence has become as unpredictable as the weather .
Faced with the extinction of their age - old livelihood because of what appear to be permanent changes in rainfall patterns , many of the 4 million Kenyans who survive by raising livestock are embroiled in a fight with one another and with herdsmen from nearby countries for the remaining viable land .
“ The situation is getting out of hand and people are starting to worry about where all this is headed , ” said Mohammed Ahmed , a field officer with the British aid group ActionAid in Isiolo , where scores of people have been killed in recent months .
He and others say the violence this year has been more brutal and random than anyone can remember .
Women and children have been killed , among them two women slain while collecting firewood in September .
Cattle rustling , which historically occurred after rains when herds were large , this year began for the first time in the midst of the drought , even though bandits had no pasture to keep the stolen livestock alive .
In one recent attack , rustlers shot and killed several hundred animals when they realized they would be unable to escape with them .
That has led many to suspect that the motive is n’t just to profit or restock herds ; it ’s also to strike a death blow at the enemy .
“ They want to force us to move off the land for good , ” said Romana Nasur , a member of the Turkana tribe who lost 65 goats during an attack in September .
“ The first step is to make us poor . ”
The village of Gambella has long been a peaceful oasis thanks to a natural spring that enables year - round farming .
It became a killing field in July , when scores of attackers , mostly Turkana and Samburu tribesmen , ransacked and destroyed more than 100 huts , shot holes in the water tanks and fled with several hundred animals .
The Kenya Red Cross Society said 11 people died in a nearby village during a similar attack this month .
Six people were killed during the daylong July raid and a schoolboy was shot in the leg while fleeing his classroom .
Two - thirds of Gambella ’s 1,500 residents , all from the Borana tribe , are too afraid to return , said Abduba Serera , a father of eight and village leader .
“ They want to scare us away to take our water , ” he said .
The Kenyan government has largely ignored the brewing crisis , dismissing it as the usual tribal clashes .
But the drought has pushed Kenya ’s cattle - raising tribes to the point where they feel they have nothing to lose , experts say .
“ It ’s a recipe for a major disaster , ” said Choice Okoro , humanitarian affairs officer for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , noting the prevalence of AK - 47s and other arms in northern Kenya .
“ We are seeing a militarization of their livelihood . ”
Okoro said it was a mistake to assume that tensions will abate if the drought ends .
“ It ’s different now , and it ’s alarming , ” she said .
“ It ’s not going back to normal anymore . ”
Sudan ’s Darfur region is perhaps the best example of what can happen when Africa ’s climate - related conflicts are mismanaged , exploited or left to fester .
Desertification in northern Darfur over the last 50 years drove herdsmen south , pitting them against farmers .
The Sudanese government is accused of exploiting the conflict by siding with the herdsmen , mostly of Arab tribes , and giving them virtual immunity to attack farmers , mostly non-Arab tribesmen .
More than 35,000 died in the fighting and at least 100,000 more died in the subsequent humanitarian crisis , according to the International Criminal Court .
The U.S. has described the attacks as genocide .
Most climate - related conflicts in Africa have been localized , but experts warn that “ climate wars ” between neighboring countries could be on the horizon .
“ If there will be any wars , they will probably be over water , ” said Odingo of the climate change panel .
Potential hot spots include the Nile River , which is the source of rising tensions between Egypt , which uses most of the water , and countries such as Sudan and Ethiopia , which are fighting for bigger shares .
Likewise , a new Ethiopian dam is causing the water level to drop at Kenya ’s Lake Turkana .
Odingo said he is confident that African governments will keep their heads and work together .
But in Kenya , the government is accused of aggravating the violence through a series of questionable decisions .
In February , security forces raided a Samburu tribe stronghold , seizing more than 12,000 head of livestock and redistributing them to rival tribes .
Government officials said they were trying to rectify previous thefts by Samburu raiders , but Samburu leaders alleged government bias .
They launched retaliatory attacks .
The government has also armed the tribes , handing out more than 2,000 rifles over the last year to untrained “ reservists , ” tribal leaders and government officials say .
The guns were intended to help remote villages defend themselves , but elders say that the government gave preference to certain tribes and that the weapons are being used in offensive attacks .
“ The government is not being neutral , ” said Lawrence Ewoi , a Turkana leader .
He said his tribe received only five of the 300 rifles recently distributed in Isiolo .
“ Now the other tribe is using the guns against us . ”
Mohamed Abdi Kuti , a Kenyan parliament member from the Borana tribe , denied that his tribesmen got most of the weapons around Isiolo , but he agreed that the spread of small arms was dangerous .
“ There is a plan to recall all the guns because it ’s getting out of hand , ” he said .
But experts predict that few will heed the disarmament call .
Kuti said climate change had made tribes more susceptible to political manipulation .
“ Because of the drought , people are desperate and they ’re willing to do anything , ” he said .
“ It ’s easy to thrive on people ’s weaknesses . ”
edmund.sanders @latimes.com
One in a series of occasional articles about the effects of climate change on people around the world .
2008 saw a significant rise in new HIV cases in Northern Ireland
The number of new cases of HIV in Northern Ireland rose by more than 50 % in 2008 , compared to the previous year .
Latest figures from the Communicable Disease Surveillance Centre show there were 92 HIV diagnoses during 2008 , compared to 61 in 2007 .
In 2008 , 14 people were diagnosed with Aids , the first new cases since 2005 .
Five people died from the disease .
There were also 63 diagnoses of syphilis reported in 2008 , compared to 27 the previous year .
The figures show chlamydia continues to be one of the most common bacterial sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) diagnosed in clinics in Northern Ireland , accounting for 27 % of all new STI diagnoses in 2008 .
While the number of new HIV cases rose sharply in 2008 , figures for the first half of 2009 show an annual decrease is likely in 2009 - there have been 24 cases in the first six months of the year .
The number of new HIV diagnoses has risen sharply in last 10 years - there were just nine in 1998 .
Just over half of the new cases of the virus in 2008 , 55 % , were acquired through sex between men and women .
Three hundred and ninety six people with HIV were receiving care in Northern Ireland in 2008 .
An estimated 33.4 million people across the world are living with HIV / Aids .
Tuesday is World Aids Day and Dr Lorraine Doherty , of the Public Health Agency , said : " There is no cure for HIV , but treatment can keep the virus under control and the immune system healthy .
" People on HIV treatment can live an active life , particularly if they have been diagnosed early .
More people are living with HIV than ever before due to more effective antiretroviral treatment .
" World Aids Day puts the spotlight firmly on the disease and also provides an opportunity to raise awareness about a range of other sexually transmitted infections , some of which are on the increase in Northern Ireland . "
Antiretroviral treatment has become more effective
She said people who are sexually active and particularly those who do n't know their partner 's sexual or drug history , are at risk of catching STIs .
" For your own peace of mind contact your GP or local Genito Urinary Medicine ( GUM ) clinic and arrange to have a check - up if you think you may have put yourself at risk .
" If you do have an STI you should contact anyone you have had sex with to prevent them passing it on to another partner . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Thousands of Jewish settlers and their supporters have staged a rally in Jerusalem in protest at a curb on settlement building in the West Bank .
Demonstrators gathered outside the residence of PM Benjamin Netanyahu , days after he ordered a 10 - month lull in permits for new settlement homes .
The order followed US calls for a total freeze in settlement building .
Israel said the move was aimed at helping restart peace talks , but Palestinians said it was insufficient .
Jewish settlers have been angered by the moratorium , ordered by Mr Netanyahu 's right - leaning government , ordinarily supportive of settlement activity in the West Bank .
AT THE SCENE Paul Wood , BBC News , Jerusalem
In the end , the Jerusalem police said about 8,000 settlers attended this demonstration - less than the tens of thousands which their leadership had predicted - but still enough to fill the streets outside the prime minister 's official residence .
There was a lot of anger here directed towards the United States - " US , take your money and leave us alone " was one of the placards I saw , because it is American pressure on Israel which has brought about these building restrictions in the occupied territories .
But the real anger was reserved for Mr Netanyahu and for the Israeli government - these people told me they had voted for the Israeli government and got a policy completely opposite to that which they had been expecting .
Nearly 500,000 Jews live in more than 100 settlements built on occupied territory in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Settlement building in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , is illegal under international law - although Israel disputes this .
Protesters waved signs and banners carrying defiant slogans including " We will continue to build " , and " Stop Iran 's nukes , not our homes " .
The demonstration passed off mainly peacefully .
A spokesman for the protesters , Bobby Brown , who is a former adviser to Mr Netanyahu , told the BBC settlers were angry at the way they were being treated .
" We believe we have a right as Jews to settle where we are .
To say there 's going to be a freeze based on religion - that a Muslim can build and a Jew can't - is not something we expect in this day and age . "
Meanwhile , Israeli anti-settlement movement Peace Now says more homes are under construction per inhabitant in the West Bank than inside Israel despite the recent curbs .
The group said 1,167 homes were being built for every 100,000 West Bank settlers , compared to just 836 for the same number of Israeli residents .
More building
Under the new Israeli policy , permits for new homes in the West Bank will not be approved for 10 months .
But municipal buildings and about 3,000 homes already under construction will still be allowed to go ahead .
Scuffles have erupted in the past week as Israeli settlers held protests and tried to block building inspectors from entering their communities to enforce the new rules .
Israeli settlement in close - up Palestinian builders ' dilemma Obstacles to peace : Settlements But , on the basis of the official figures , Peace Now said " the settler 's claims of discrimination and attempts to ' dry out ' the settlements have no basis in reality " .
" Even during the freeze a larger number of housing units than the national average will be built in the occupied territories , " it said .
Israeli politicians and media have been referring to the restrictions as a " freeze " , although Palestinians say they are far from the total building halt , including in East Jerusalem , that they have demanded .
The BBC's Paul Wood in Jerusalem says the settlers feel betrayed by a government they thought was on their side .
Israel could just be acting tactically , trying to make the Palestinians look like the roadblock to negotiations , our correspondent says .
But even so , he adds , the Israeli government may have to choose between peace with the Palestinians or peace with the settlers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Paypal , the well - known internet payment company has told California NORML that it will no longer accept payments to our “ type of business ” because we accept listing payments from cannabis - recommending physicians .
After years of offering free listings to physicians and collectives at our website http://www.canorml.org, CaNORML began charging a yearly listing fee to cover our costs last year .
PayPal froze CaNORML ’s account in June , saying that by accepting listing fees from collectives , we were violating their Acceptable Use policy , which says , “ you may not use PayPal in the purchase or sale of narcotics . ”
Our friends at NORML have run into a weird misunderstanding with the folks at PayPal .
Apparently , the company has a vague drug policy and they 've chosen to interpret it rather broadly :
It 's absurd on so many levels : 1 .
It 's medical marijuana , not " narcotics . "
It 's perfectly legal under state law and even the federal dept . of justice has agreed to respect state policies .
2. California NORML is n’t buying or selling medical marijuana .
They 're accepting donations and listing their sponsors .
In no way does this violate the terms of PayPal 's acceptable use policy .
3 . Even after California NORML removed listings for collectives , PayPal maintained that there was a problem with listing physicians on its site .
Physicians ?
They do n't even provide medical marijuana , so now you start to get the idea that PayPal is just being nasty .
Do they want NORML to stop mentioning marijuana altogether ?
But here 's the really unbelievably stupid thing about all this : 4 . You can straight - up order booze through PayPal and have it delivered to your door , but they have a problem with NORML merely taking donations from folks in the medical marijuana industry ?
There is no excuse for this .
PayPal is under no legal obligation whatsoever to behave this way and their hypocrisy must not be allowed to go unnoticed .
This is n’t even a question of medical access .
No marijuana was even being sold through their service .
This is about the freedom of PayPal clients to associate with their patrons without being subjected to false and erroneous restrictions that reek of political prejudice .
If PayPal thinks it 's bad business to be associated with the medical marijuana community , let 's show them how wrong they are .
You can contact PayPal here : I recommend reading the whole story from NORML first , so that your correspondence is fully informed .
As always , we make the best impression by being firm , but also polite .
Many of those held at the Kahrizak facility were opposition supporters Military prosecutors in Iran have charged three officials with killing three people held at a jail after presidential election protests .
They said the trio died at the Kahrizak detention centre after a series of beatings , Iran 's Isna news agency said .
In total , the prosecutors issued indictments against 12 staff working at the facility south of Tehran .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election in June 's poll triggered mass protests by opposition supporters .
The BBC's Tehran correspondent Jon Leyne , who is now in London , says most complaints about the treatment of the opposition have received angry denials from the government , particularly a number of allegations that male and female detainees have been raped by their prison interrogators .
It is not clear why the Iranian authorities have made even this small concession , our correspondent says .
One reason may be that one of the victims named by the government was a young man from a well connected Iranian family , whose death provoked outrage in ruling circles .
The suspicion from the opposition will be that this statement will just be followed by the prosecution of relatively low level officials - whereas many suspect that the maltreatment was ordered from much higher up , our correspondent adds .
' Bruises from beatings '
Isna quoted a prosecution office statement as naming the three killed as Mohsen Ruholamini , Amir Javadi and Mohammad Kamrani .
They were among more than 150 demonstrators taken to the centre , south of Tehran , in the aftermath of street protests , Isna added .
Officials had earlier said Ruholamini and Kamrani died of meningitis .
" The coroner rejected that these people died of meningitis and confirmed there were bruises on their bodies from beatings and that the cause of death was a series of beatings , " the prosecution office 's said .
Iran 's government has said that at least 30 protesters have been killed in clashes since the election , which the opposition has described as rigged .
Some 200 anti-government protesters remain behind bars .
At least five people have been sentenced to death , officials say .
The three officials charged in the Kahrizak case - whose names were not released - were among 12 officials facing prosecution over the inmates ' deaths .
The Kahrizak centre was shut in July , after Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said it had failed to " preserve the rights of detainees " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In Massachusetts commercial trucking accidents , trucking companies have much at stake .
The sheer size of an 18 - wheeler will increase the likelihood of serious injuries or fatalities in the event of a crash .
That ’s why these firms will immediately dispatch an experienced team of investigators to sift through evidence and extract details most favorable to them .
That means finding evidence that could mitigate the fault of the trucker while scouring for comparative fault by other drivers .
They know these cases have the potential to cost their company millions .
At The Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman , our experienced truck accident attorneys know well how trucking companies operate , and we know what it takes to beat them .
We urge clients – or potential clients – to speak with an injury lawyer as soon as possible after a crash so that we may begin conducting our investigation with your best interest in mind .
We are located in Boston and will travel to you throughout Massachusetts .
It ’s essential that this is done quickly because we aim to gather evidence before it is destroyed .
We will thoroughly investigate circumstances of the crash to identify whether there is any negligence on the part of the driver , employer , owner of the tractor , owner of the trailer or the company that contracted to have goods hauled .
In many cases , these are all separate entities .
With so many competing interests , you must ensure yours are protected .
Some examples of negligence resulting in Massachusetts trucking accidents are :
Driver fatigue
Equipment failure
Negligent maintenance
Overloaded truck
Inattention of driver
Speeding ( often the result of demanding or impossible delivery schedules )
Breach of federal regulations
Negligent hiring practices
Our Boston truck accident lawyers recognize other road users are at a major disadvantage when involved in a collision with a large truck .
These vehicles can weigh up to 80,000 pounds .
Anytime someone is involved in a crash with a big rig , delivery truck , garbage truck or any other large commercial vehicle ; results are too often catastrophic .
Fatalities from truck accidents in Massachusetts have fluctuated in recent years , most recently increasing from 18 to 30 between 2012 and 2013 .
Before that , the National Highway Traffic Safety Association reports there were 34 Massachusetts truck accident deaths in 2011 and 19 in 2010 .
Nationally , the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration reported the number of truck accidents has spiked by 20 percent .
Although large trucks are only responsible for about 3 percent of the total number of injurious crashes , these wrecks are more likely to result in greater harm than those involving smaller vehicles simply because of the sheer size and weight of these vehicles .
It ’s not uncommon for these companies to reach out immediately to victims with a low - ball settlement offer , trying to strong - arm them into a deal that will absolve the company of future liability .
They are counting on the fact that victims are desperate in those early days to cover medical bills and other expenses .
One should never speak to a trucking company representative – let alone sign any paperwork – without the involvement of a personal injury lawyer .
In most cases , the amount to which truck accident victims are entitled far exceeds the initial settlement offer .
In addition to covering medical expenses , damages can include :
Lost Wages
Diminished earning capacity
Pain and suffering
Loss of life enjoyment
Pain and suffering
Funeral expenses
Property damage recovery
In some situations , courts will allow victims of truck accidents to seek punitive damages , which will triple potential awards .
Punitive damages are granted in cases where a trucking company ’s actions were especially egregious , and the court deems it necessary not just to compensate the victim , but to punish the wrongdoer .
An example would be a company that mocks federal regulations and forces drivers to fudge delivery logs to beat competitors on delivery times .
One could make a strong argument that such action was known to cause severe injury or death to other motorists .
Even in cases where trucking accident victims survive , potential injuries and losses noted in 18 - wheeler accidents include :
Traumatic brain injuries
Spinal cord injuries
Severed limbs
Massive internal injuries
Broken bones
Permanent scarring
These injuries often require expensive ongoing treatments , including surgery , medication , physical therapy and rehabilitation .
Victims often never recover from being the same as they were before .
It ’s our goal to make sure you receive compensation to which you are entitled to your injuries and losses .
Contact the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman today for a free and confidential consultation .
Happy Holidays Capitol Hill
What ’s open on the Hill Christmas Day 2009
Coffee
Fuel on 19th Ave 7 am to noon
Ladro on 15th 7 am to noon
Vivace Sidewalk Bar 8 am to 4 pm & Brix CLOSED
Bauhaus on Pine 8 am to 2pm
Cafe Argento on Olive 9am to 1pm
Stumptown Pine 7 am to 4 pm & 12th Ave CLOSED
Online Coffee Company Olive & Pine locations both 9a to 4
p
Tully ’s 19th 8a to 2 p & Broadway 8a to 4
p
Starbucks Olive Way 6 am to 5 pm
Uncle Elizabeth ’s on Pike open at 8 am
Grocerty Stores / Neighborhood Wine Purveyors
Safeway ( Madison & 22nd ) 9 am to 3 pm
Safeway ( 14th & John ) 9 am to 3 pm
QFC ( North Broadway ) 8 am to 3pm
12th & Olive Wine Company
City Market ( open till 2 am )
Bars / Eats
( CHS Sponsor ) Capitol Club opens doors at 9 pm
Julia ’s on Broadway 9 am to 11 pm
Liberty will be open at 4 pm
Canterbury will be open at 3pm
( CHS Sponsor ) Bottleneck Lounge open at 6 pm
Moe Bar open at 8 pm
Linda ’s open at 6 pm
Summit open at 4 pm
Teapot Vegetarian 12 pm to 8pm
Rom Mai Thai 11 am to 11pm
Martins off Madison ( special prime rib dinner for $ 12 ) from 4pm
Hideout open at 7 pm
Rosebud opens at 5 pm
Captain Blacks open at 8 pm
Let us know in the comments if anything else is open tomorrow that the CHS community should know about .
[ TSL ] Infernal , Mondragon Interviews Text by Hot_Bid
Interviews with Infernal and Mondragon
We interviewed a few more TSL Ro48 qualified players about their experience on the TSL Ladder and their thoughts on the upcoming TSL Ro48 Qualifiers .
Check out the
finished # 36 in the TSL Ladder .
He is a big Korean progaming fan and is quite active on the TL Forums , helping represent TL in our showmatch against YGosu a year ago .
Infernal has his work cut out for him , as he is in Group L , which many consider the " Group of Death . "
Interview with mTw.iNfeRnaL
Congratulations on qualifying !
Were you ever worried ?
I was worried in the last ~ 5 hours when the cutoff came really really close to my points at that time ( like 9,900 ) but I was n't really worried after my lucky streak I had .
Also , obviously I could n't have known that there would be 10 bans ..
What lucky streak ?
I went 8 - 2 vs , 4 - 0 vs , 3 - 0 vs .
Especially the streak against Mondi was lucky cause he usually beats me with ease I guess sometimes my PvZ is pretty decent .
You are actually quite active on TL with almost 800 posts .
You are a big progaming fan right ?
Who is your favorite pro and why ?
Actually I 've been on TL for 4 - 5 years .
But I was a lurker until like 1.5 years ago .
And obviously I love progaming , I love Kim Taek Yong and I 'm a really really really big T1 fan .
As for why Bisu is my favorite , I guess it 's because I love PvZ and Bisu always been the best player in it , so it just fits
Well , Bisu has his own problems qualifying for leagues right now , maybe you need to pick a new favorite during TSL qualifier stages
BM question
He tends to underestimate people a lot .
It 's kind of sad , however even though he 's doing bad right now , I will never stop being a fan of him .
In my opinion that 's what makes a true fan .
Not to mention that I 've always loved Stork as well so there 's little need to worry .
Bisu is very difficult to mimic in style .
How would you describe your style to someone who has never watched you play before ?
Usually I 'm pretty aggressive and I like to harass .
However my play mostly relies on my macro , which is by far my best ability , though there 's a huge difference between my PvT and PvZ , just because you can't attack a good Terran before he moves out , except for cheesing him .
Oh and I hate those new maps like FS and Tornado , because those maps play out so turtlish in ZvP / PvZ .
I guess I 've been choosing the wrong race , because PvP is also " wait and macro up " as well .
Do you have any particularly memorable moments from the ladder ?
3 - 0 vs Mondragon by faaaaaaaaaaaaaar .
What happened there ?
He underestimated me ?
It 's more memorable because of the fact that I won .
He 's the player I respect most out of every foreigners ( no offence to Greg and Jos ) - it 's just that this guy has taught me everything I know about this game and made me the player that I am , and I 'm just really grateful for it .
But does n't Mondragon play Zerg ?
Is his offrace Protoss really that good ?
His PvZ is probably almost as good as mine , still - and when it comes to knowledge and so on he has a lot .
The only thing that makes me better would be my mechanics , and well , he knows a lot about PvZ because of his ZvP as well .
I guess he did n't help me all that much with my PvT for example but I never really had to practice it a lot .
[ Editor 's Note : hahaha ... PvT ]
Are all the German players friends who practice with each other ?
There are a lot of Germans in the qualifiers so far .
I am friends with ( almost ) every other German .
They 're not " all friends " with each other I 'd say , but I just happen to have good connections with everyone , to be honest I am the only " good player " in Germany that always has watched out for potential , etc .
I was one of the first ones to notice and play with Ace , Kolll , and Gan who all got good quite recently , do n't wanna say I helped them big time ( only did so for Gan ) .
But I guess I 've always been quite interested in the community rather than only caring about myself
Have you taken a look at your group yet ?
What do you think your chances are against these players to qualify ?
Many players and fans think your group is the hardest one !
Probably only 's group is harder because he 's just soooo sick and theres little chance for anyone else to advance .
My group is pretty hard to predict , let 's just say if I 'd play like I do in practice I would advance , however history shows that I suck in tournaments .
I 'm practicing hard to improve it , but anyone can take it I guess .
Yes , both Idra and Ret both said you had great skill but also had a tendency to " choke " in big moments .
Maybe this time you can focus or relax a bit more .
I guess the main " choking " happened at WCG Germany where I failed to make it three times even though I was a top favorite .
I 'm just not really comfortable there , either the chair sucks , my position on the desk sucks .
I can't play if I can't place both my arms on the table , basically I can't having flying arms .
So yeah ... there always was something .
In online tourneys , it 's more because I happen to get a lot of PvP 's or face one of the three " persons I can't seem to beat " in the first rounds ( Strelok , Dimaga , or Jianfei ) .
This time you have no PvP or those three or uncomfortable chairs , so you have no excuses !
FML , no excuses ?
I guess I 'll have to forfeit then !??!?
Any last words to your fans ?
Are you cheering for anyone else besides the Germans ?
I have fans ?
If there 's any , uhm , hello I guess ?
XD
I 'm cheering for pretty much every ToT , because I spend most of my online time playing either with them or mTw's .
Oh and Ret too !
Good luck in qualifiers and may the choking gods skip you this time !
Thank you !
I hope so as well .
I was worried in the last ~ 5 hours when the cutoff came really really close to my points at that time ( like 9,900 ) but I was n't really worried after my lucky streak I had .
Also , obviously I could n't have known that there would be 10 bans ..
I went 8 - 2 vs Kolll , 4 - 0 vs ChOseN , 3 - 0 vs Mondragon .
Especially the streak against Mondi was lucky cause he usually beats me with easeI guess sometimes my PvZ is pretty decent .
Actually I 've been on TL for 4 - 5 years .
But I was a lurker until like 1.5 years ago .
And obviously I love progaming , I love Kim Taek Yong and I 'm a really really really big T1 fan .
As for why Bisu is my favorite , I guess it 's because I love PvZ and Bisu always been the best player in it , so it just fitsBM questionHe tends to underestimate people a lot .
It 's kind of sad , however even though he 's doing bad right now , I will never stop being a fan of him .
In my opinion that 's what makes a true fan .
Not to mention that I 've always loved Stork as well so there 's little need to worry .
Usually I 'm pretty aggressive and I like to harass .
However my play mostly relies on my macro , which is by far my best ability , though there 's a huge difference between my PvT and PvZ , just because you can't attack a good Terran before he moves out , except for cheesing him .
Oh and I hate those new maps like FS and Tornado , because those maps play out so turtlish in ZvP / PvZ .
I guess I 've been choosing the wrong race , because PvP is also " wait and macro up " as well .
3 - 0 vs Mondragon by faaaaaaaaaaaaaar .
He underestimated me ?
It 's more memorable because of the fact that I won .
He 's the player I respect most out of every foreigners ( no offence to Greg and Jos ) - it 's just that this guy has taught me everything I know about this game and made me the player that I am , and I 'm just really grateful for it .
His PvZ is probably almost as good as mine , still - and when it comes to knowledge and so on he has a lot .
The only thing that makes me better would be my mechanics , and well , he knows a lot about PvZ because of his ZvP as well .
I guess he did n't help me all that much with my PvT for example but I never really had to practice it a lot .
[ Editor 's Note : hahaha ...
PvT ] I am friends with ( almost ) every other German .
They 're not " all friends " with each other I 'd say , but I just happen to have good connections with everyone , to be honest I am the only " good player " in Germany that always has watched out for potential , etc .
I was one of the first ones to notice and play with Ace , Kolll , and Gan who all got good quite recently , do n't wanna say I helped them big time ( only did so for Gan ) .
But I guess I 've always been quite interested in the community rather than only caring about myself Probably only Ret 's group is harder because he 's just soooo sick and theres little chance for anyone else to advance .
My group is pretty hard to predict , let 's just say if I 'd play like I do in practice I would advance , however history shows that I suck in tournaments .
I 'm practicing hard to improve it , but anyone can take it I guess .
I guess the main " choking " happened at WCG Germany where I failed to make it three times even though I was a top favorite .
I 'm just not really comfortable there , either the chair sucks , my position on the desk sucks .
I can't play if I can't place both my arms on the table , basically I can't having flying arms .
So yeah ... there always was something .
In online tourneys , it 's more because I happen to get a lot of PvP 's or face one of the three " persons I can't seem to beat " in the first rounds ( Strelok , Dimaga , or Jianfei ) .
FML , no excuses ?
I guess I 'll have to forfeit then !??!? I have fans ?
If there 's any , uhm , hello I guess ?
XDI 'm cheering for pretty much every ToT , because I spend most of my online time playing either with them or mTw's .
Oh and Ret too !
Thank you !
I hope so as well .
Ladder # 10 needs no introduction .
He has been around for many years and has always been considered one of the top foreigner players .
In the Razer TSL , he finished # 1 in the Ladder , but was upset in the Ro16 by Dreiven in an entertaining , high quality Bo3 series .
Interview with ToT ) Mondragon (
Congratulations on qualifying !
Was your goal # 1 or Top 12 ?
Last time , I finished # 1 , I started off versus a Protoss in the brackets , I was better , everything was better until Wuthering Heights appeared on the horizon :D Joking aside , everyone playing TSL wanted to get # 1 somehow , but for me it was just plain impossible because I know there were one or two better players who can play more as well .
For the Razer TSL you released a replay pack where every game ZvP you ran by cannons with speed zerglings , so every Zerg on ICCup did the same thing for many months .
All protoss players hate you .
Did you create a new strategy this time when laddering ?
As if I 'd tell you if I have another awesome strategy !
If you knew what I 'm gonna do in playoffs ...
I wish I had another revolutionary strategy but I do n't Nowadays I am more or less forced to play the usual crap everyone plays xD
Last TSL many considered you a big favorite , but you lost in the Ro16 to Dreiven .
But everyone considered those two games to be very high level PvZ / ZvP .
What happened last time ?
Are you especially motivated this time to do better ?
I am trying to remember the games ...
I think the first game was on my most in the first game .
Second game was on Othello , where he made a hidden expansion which I noticed too late .
Together with defending my drops pretty well , he managed to get the victory over me .
But I do n't really consider these two games anything special , to me it was just two normal games where Dreiven won -- the only special thing is that I lost vs a Protoss
Everyone knows you because you 've been around for so long .
You do n't post on TL often , but are you a progaming fan ?
Do you still lurk the forums ?
I do read forums if there is anything interesting , but I do n't feel like stating my two cents here and there .
In my opinion it 's not really needed Besides , I do n't follow progaming at all , I couldnt even name 3 progaming teams .
What do you think about your group and your chances to advance ?
It might seem like an easy group to other people , but in my opinion it 's a very dangerous group .
I actually expect to play a ZvZ in the finals , and as everyone knows , ZvZ is a coinflip , which makes it unpredictable .
In case I have to play vs I expect a tough series .
It 's Zerg vs Terran and on these new maps I 'm not well - prepared yet and even more vulnerable in ZvT .
Infernal said your PvZ is as good as his , so maybe you will play protoss in the qualifiers ?
My PvZ is obviously better than his one ; D
Well , you never know if I 'm going to take Zerg or Protoss ... maybe there is one or two maps where I will play Protoss !
Who are you cheering for to advance ?
Which group is the hardest ?
I guess you want to hear a prediction to each group , so here we go :
A : I guess NonY will take this group down if he practices enough ( assuming IdrA will win vs him )
B : Kolll or Naugrim
Though I know how well Mat is in shape and this means he can definitely win it
C : Mana should take this home
D : Strelok will advance here
E : Eri fighting !
He can do it , he 's in good shape and in case White - Ra wins the final , there is still hope White - Ra offering Eri a wedding present and lets him win in the final vs him :D
F : Jos or Carlo , depends how much Carlo practices for this - but Carlo is always a dangerous player if active [ Editor 's Note : Jos = Ret , Carlo = Cloud ]
G : Hoping for Dreiven ( I want revenge < 3 ) but Fenix is probably more practiced at the moment , but anything can happen in just one series
H : I consider Sziky very strong , though Tarson might take it as well .
Pretty much 50/50 between those two
I : Although Tim lost vs kogeT in ESL , this time he 'll take it !
[ Editor 's Note : Tim = XiaOzI ]
J : Someone other than Mondragon will win it , probably Incontrol since he is so keen on ToT / Mondragon blood and expects a sure win .
K : Sen is awesome , Sen is Sen , Sen is the monster !
Sen take it !
L : Now I 'm in a difficult situation - Hayder or Pat ...
I expect Pat to win vs Sawyer , and whoever wins between Hayder and Pat should win the group then I hope GL to both tho !
[ Editor 's Note : Pat = Infernal ]
Your group has former ToT Incontrol in it , who has said he " has a taste for ToT blood . "
Did these words motivate you ?
Do you plan on practicing extra hard ?
What can I say , he 's an +5 carapace Ultralisk , you can't really expect me , a Zergling , to stand a chance vs him .
He frightened me a lot and I am thinking about forfeitting the group
He 'll definitely win the group !
Okay these next few questions are super important because they are from the TL staff .
Are you ready ?
Sure .
Sounds damn important D :
Is " Mondragon " short for " Monday Dragon ? "
Since qualifiers are held on Sunday will you change your ID to " Sundragon " ?
Haha , who asked this question ?
Tell me names ; D
Even though Sundragon got something , I 'll stick to Mondragon .
What is your favorite animal ?
It ca n't be a dragon .
Does a Ultralisk count ?
I guess a crocodile would be pretty decent !
If you had to pick one celebrity to marry right this second who would it be ( answer in less than five seconds ) ?
Uhm .... this question is tricky !
I am not into celebrities XD Maybe ... Elisha Cuthbert !
Just came to my mind quickly , which does n't mean she would be my first choice if I think longer :d
Do you have any replays you 'd like to give us as a Christmas Present ?
I do n't really want to publish my replays before TSL is over , afterwards everyone can see the replays , I dont really mind .
Though I could offer a practice game vs Sea where I did not get completely owned and this one is like 1 of 10 games where I can at least compete a bit !
Download Sea[ Shield ] vs Mondragon Replay
Thanks for the replay and interview .
Any last words for fans or players ?
Thanks everyone for your support , I hope I can perform very well and reach Top 3 with a lot of luck .
I 'll try my best .
Geoff < 3 I had to counter your ToT blood thingie a bit which made me smile Last time , I finished # 1 , I started off versus a Protoss in the brackets , I was better , everything was better until Wuthering Heights appeared on the horizon :D Joking aside , everyone playing TSL wanted to get # 1 somehow , but for me it was just plain impossible because I know there were one or two better players who can play more as well .
As if I 'd tell you if I have another awesome strategy !
If you knew what I 'm gonna do in playoffs ...
I wish I had another revolutionary strategy but I don'tNowadays I am more or less forced to play the usual crap everyone plays xDI am trying to remember the games ...
I think the first game was on my most favorite map of my entire BW career where I could have countered with Mutas and might have won but I did n't .
This map was more or less horribly imbalanced but was recognized too late .
Unfortunately , it might have cost me the win versus Dreiven in the first game .
Second game was on Othello , where he made a hidden expansion which I noticed too late .
Together with defending my drops pretty well , he managed to get the victory over me .
But I do n't really consider these two games anything special , to me it was just two normal games where Dreiven won -- the only special thing is that I lost vs a Protoss I do read forums if there is anything interesting , but I do n't feel like stating my two cents here and there .
In my opinion it 's not really needed Besides , I do n't follow progaming at all , I couldnt even name 3 progaming teams
It might seem like an easy group to other people , but in my opinion it 's a very dangerous group .
I actually expect to play a ZvZ in the finals , and as everyone knows , ZvZ is a coinflip , which makes it unpredictable .
In case I have to play vs Shaman I expect a tough series .
It 's Zerg vs Terran and on these new maps I 'm not well - prepared yet and even more vulnerable in ZvT.
My PvZ is obviously better than his one ; D
Well , you never know if I 'm going to take Zerg or Protoss ... maybe there is one or two maps where I will play Protoss !
I guess you want to hear a prediction to each group , so here we go:A : I guess NonY will take this group down if he practices enough ( assuming IdrA will win vs him ) B : Kolll or Naugrim
Though I know how well Mat is in shape and this means he can definitely win itC : Mana should take this homeD : Strelok will advance hereE : Eri fighting !
He can do it , he 's in good shape and in case White - Ra wins the final , there is still hope White - Ra offering Eri a wedding present and lets him win in the final vs him :DF : Jos or Carlo , depends how much Carlo practices for this - but Carlo is always a dangerous player if active [ Editor 's Note : Jos = Ret , Carlo = Cloud ] G : Hoping for Dreiven ( I want revenge < 3 ) but Fenix is probably more practiced at the moment , but anything can happen in just one seriesH : I consider Sziky very strong , though Tarson might take it as well .
Pretty much 50/50 between those twoI : Although Tim lost vs kogeT in ESL , this time he 'll take it !
[ Editor 's Note : Tim = XiaOzI ]J : Someone other than Mondragon will win it , probably Incontrol since he is so keen on ToT / Mondragon blood and expects a sure win .
K : Sen is awesome , Sen is Sen , Sen is the monster !
Sen take it !L : Now I 'm in a difficult situation - Hayder or Pat ...
I expect Pat to win vs Sawyer , and whoever wins between Hayder and Pat should win the group then I hopeGL to both tho !
[ Editor 's Note : Pat = Infernal ]
What can I say , he 's an +5 carapace Ultralisk , you can't really expect me , a Zergling , to stand a chance vs him .
He frightened me a lot and I am thinking about forfeitting the groupHe'll definitely win the group !
Sure .
Sounds damn important D: Haha , who asked this question ?
Tell me names ; D
Even though Sundragon got something , I 'll stick to Mondragon .
Does a Ultralisk count ?
I guess a crocodile would be pretty decent !
Uhm .... this question is tricky !
I am not into celebrities XD Maybe ... Elisha Cuthbert !
Just came to my mind quickly , which does n't mean she would be my first choice if I think longer : dI do n't really want to publish my replays before TSL is over , afterwards everyone can see the replays , I dont really mind .
Though I could offer a practice game vs Sea where I did not get completely owned and this one is like 1 of 10 games where I can at least compete a bit !
Thanks everyone for your support , I hope I can perform very well and reach Top 3 with a lot of luck .
I 'll try my best .
Geoff < 3 I had to counter your ToT blood thingie a bit which made me smile
There will be many more interviews with the other TSL Top 48 qualifiers soon .
Until then , enjoy the
This TSL is sponsored by PokerStrategy.com , the world 's largest poker school and community .
With hundreds of Poker VODs and an assortment of learning material in 18 different languages , PokerStrategy.com offers the chance for aspiring Poker players to learn from a beginner to a professional level .
We interviewed a few more TSL Ro48 qualified players about their experience on the TSL Ladder and their thoughts on the upcoming TSL Ro48 Qualifiers .
Check out the TSL Top 48 Qualifier Groups , where you can find where your favorite player finished and who he 's scheduled to play in the TSL Round of 48 .
iNfeRnaL finished # 36 in the TSL Ladder .
He is a big Korean progaming fan and is quite active on the TL Forums , helping represent TL in our showmatch against YGosu a year ago .
Infernal has his work cut out for him , as he is in Group L , which many consider the " Group of Death .
" Ladder # 10 Mondragon needs no introduction .
He has been around for many years and has always been considered one of the top foreigner players .
In the Razer TSL , he finished # 1 in the Ladder , but was upset in the Ro16 by Dreiven in an entertaining , high quality Bo3 series .
There will be many more interviews with the other TSL Top 48 qualifiers soon .
Until then , enjoy the replay packs that have been released by the players , and discuss the TSL Qualifier Groups with other fans .
@ Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http://i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
I 'm sorry I forgot that you are a woman yourself .
And on reflection , a lot of what I said was a bit over the edge .
HOWEVER ,
I find that men AND women who come from privileged environments are often very cavalier about what Hyde has done to the landscape of women 's reproductive rights .
Perhaps I should have brought this up earlier , but I have had personal experience with this .
( Warning , big storytime ahead , you are welcome to " tl , dr " the whole thing and move on , but I would hope you 'd listen . )
I am a poor relation of a family that you can say is quite privileged .
We became " the poor relations " because my father got sick with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis when I was 8 .
Even though we were insured , and health insurance was way better back in the ' 70s than it is now , the fact that my father could not continue the pace of his business having to deal with doctors ' appointments , some even out of town , and the strains the disease took on him , meant we began to experience downward mobility even when he was still alive .
When my father died , goodbye breadwinner .
This was the 1970s , when women were still expected to follow the confines of the Feminine Mystique , and those who sought to earn their own bread were faced with a very low glass ceiling that at that point was frosted .
Fuck , when I first started looking for summer jobs want ads were still segregated by gender .
If my dad had n't gotten sick , it is quite likely he would have become the kind of macher ( financial success , " maker " ) my Great Uncles were and my Uncle is .
My mom struggled through most of her life , got into financial trouble with the credit cards she inherited from my dad , and basically muddled through before she was diagnosed with hideously advanced colon cancer in her early ' 50s .
It was during the time she had colon cancer and a little before I had Chronic Fatigue Immune Dysfunction Syndrome , so I was out of the financial loop .
Her tenuous finances meant my higher education was spotty to say the least .
I also had an undiagnosed learning disability in arithmetical reasoning that made progressing in higher education difficult until it was diagnosed .
She refused to " open her books " for financial aid , so when per-unit fees were instituted in the LA Community College District ( actually throughout California , thanks George Deukmedjian ! )
I had to leave college .
I went back to college in 2003 when I had exhausted every attempt to get another job in IT after the Dot Com Bust .
It was only then that I was diagnosed , and because I was broke and an " independent student " I finally qualified for financial aid .
Anyway , that takes us far afield of my point .
Sorry , I digress .
A lot .
Anyway , once I became sexually active , I had a couple of pregnancy scares .
I was on birth control .
But I knew that even the pill failed .
And when periods did not come , I was left in total panic .
The Hyde Amendment meant I had no help to defray costs should I need an abortion , and even in the ' 70s it was a relatively high - ticket procedure that you had to pay out of pocket .
And predictably , when I mentioned the possibility to boyfriends , said boyfriends would invariably kick me to the curb at the news of the matter .
I learned about stuff like emmenagogue herbs and the " no going back " homebrew vacuum aspirator because of the situation .
I had a bag of tansy , a bag of pennyroyal , and a bag of black cohosh that I would use for tea .
Thank Goddess I never had to go further .
Because there was nothing else I could do .
The mayonnaise jar vacuum aspirator never had to be built .
I COULD tell my mom .
But she was n't made of money , the cost of an abortion was going to be a crippling expense at least for a while , and it would have meant lots of drama I did n't need .
So she never was told about any of these scares .
However , if the rubber hit the road and my delayed period did not come , she would have found a way .
Because she had to have an abortion before she had me , when her first husband cheated on her with another man .
The whole experience was repugnant to her ... this was the late ' 50s .
She did n't know the aspiring actor only wanted her for a " beard " so he could get ahead in Show Biz .
And homosexuality was something she could handle on a theoretical basis , but her own husband being bi ?
Uh uh , nothing doing .
And her dad ( my grandpa ) beating the guy black and blue when he discovered him in flagrante delicto kind of put a crimp in any possible reconciliation anyway .
This was the 1950s .
Abortion was illegal .
However , if you had about $ 20,000 cash you could put in a manila envelope in non-sequential bills you could go to any number of Beverly Hills OB / Gyns and have a safe , discreet abortion which would usually be followed by a hospital D&C after a " miscarriage . "
If you were not that wealthy ... and her side of the family never really was ... you took a Greyhound bus or a Santa Fe train to San Diego , then went over the border into Tijuana to a clandestine clinic .
Abortion was just as illegal in MX as it was in the US , but there were little clinics that catered to the by - and - large poor population , and the local law enforcement was easily bought off .
So she went for a Border " vacation . "
She had a horrifying time and nearly lost her life , if not her fertility .
Actually getting pregnant with me was a bit of a miracle , to be frank , after what she went through .
But she " lost " the embryo .
And she regained her life .
And she met a wonderful guy , albeit one with a very different sociopolitical philosophy to her own .
And they had me .
And then , they decided they would stop there .
So they defied Griswold v. Connecticut and religiously used birth control .
I have no siblings .
So it worked for them .
And the Pill was a godsend for them when it came out .
When I was just 13 or so , my mom took me to the steps of Hamilton High .
She pointed out a brown stain .
She told me how that stain got there .
" It 's a woman 's blood . "
She then told me about the classmate who had aborted herself in the girl 's bathroom and died on the Hamilton High steps .
" Thank G_d for Roe v. Wade . " she said .
" And you need to safeguard it , be active , so it does n't get taken away . "
Anyway , this is a huge deal for me .
Maybe that 's why I got all pissy about it .
I have never really felt free under Roe v. Wade .
Maybe if I was rich like some of the more fortunate side of my family , things would be different .
But there it is .
Illustration by David Simonds
“ THEY never come back ” may be an ironclad law of boxing , but AOL and Yahoo !
are trying to prove that it does not apply to lumbering online giants .
On December 9th Time Warner span off AOL , undoing a famously ill - conceived merger .
A couple of days earlier Yahoo ! and Microsoft finalised an agreement to merge their web - search and much of their advertising businesses , freeing Yahoo ! to hone a new strategy .
Peculiarly , both firms ' comeback plans hinge on giving away content to attract traffic and thus advertising — an online strategy that has disappointed many media companies .
AOL and Yahoo !
came of age a decade ago in different corners of the internet : one as the biggest provider of dial - up access , the other as the leading web directory .
Both soon turned into “ portals ” providing both content and communications tools , such as web - mail and instant messaging .
More recently , both have drifted while the internet evolved around them .
A series of weak bosses failed to do away with fiefs , professionalise management and keep the brands fresh , even as competition — from broadband in the case of AOL , and from rivals such as Google and Facebook for Yahoo ! — ate into revenues .
Now both firms are trying to get back on their feet under new , gung - ho bosses .
But revenues and profits continue to fall , and not just because of the recession .
Yahoo !
is losing market share in online searches , and advertising with it .
Revenues in the first nine months of the year fell by 13 % to $ 4.7 billion and profits by 38 % to $ 445 m .
In the same period AOL 's advertising sales dropped 19 % to $ 1.28 billion and its profits by 43 % to $ 247 m , mainly because its internet - access business continues to shrink .
Advertising now generates more revenue than subscriptions , although that too has suffered ( see chart ) .
These numbers will probably improve once the economy picks up .
But both firms are also touting new strategies .
Tim Armstrong , AOL 's boss , wants the firm to become “ the largest producer of quality online content and the largest seller of online display advertising ” .
At least when it comes to the first part , AOL is making headway .
It has already become a digital media giant , running 80 websites covering everything from fashion ( stylelist.com ) and country music ( theboot.com ) to local news ( patch.com ) .
It has about 3,500 journalists on its payroll , 500 of whom work full - time .
As for the second part of Mr Armstrong 's formula , AOL has just launched a website called seed.com and a new content - management system that will , he says , “ fundamentally change how people create content ” by predicting what kind of stories and photos will appeal most to readers .
If the system detects that consumers are already visiting websites and conducting searches related to Halloween in August , for instance , it will encourage editors to publish articles on the subject .
Carol Bartz , Yahoo !'s boss , has similar plans .
She wants both to expand its audience , especially in emerging markets where internet use is still growing rapidly , and to package that audience in ways useful to advertisers .
Yahoo !'s reach is already enormous : in October , its sites had 158 m unique visitors in America , compared with 98 m for AOL , according to comScore , a market - research firm .
Yahoo !
Mail boasts 106 m monthly users worldwide , AOL 's e-mail service only 36 m .
Better yet , Yahoo !
runs the web 's most popular finance , sports and news websites .
They are also cheap to run , since they are aggregators for the most part , republishing other websites ' content rather than producing their own .
Mr Armstrong , however , argues that advertisers are becoming more discerning about where they place their ads , and will pay a premium to appear on trusted websites next to reputable content .
This , he believes , will favour AOL , with its bouquet of niche websites and home - made content .
Online display advertising , meaning the banners and boxes that appear on many websites , has held up well in the recession , remaining at $ 3.8 billion in the first half of the year in America , according to the Interactive Advertising Bureau .
But the money is spread across an ever - growing inventory of web pages .
Old - media firms have lost faith in the notion that online advertising will ever be lucrative enough to cover their costs and now clearly believe that the future lies in subscriptions .
AOL will need very loyal readers and clever algorithms to succeed .
Up to 250,000 people in the Republic are on strike Up to a quarter of a million public sector workers have taken part in a national strike in the Republic of Ireland .
Civil servants , some medical staff and teachers are protesting at government plans to cut the public sector pay bill by 1.3 bn euros next year .
They say they cannot take any more cuts in their wages after an emergency budget earlier this year .
Almost all public offices and schools were closed .
Hospital appointments for up to 16,000 patients were cancelled .
Thousands of people also faced delays in social security payments .
Irish police have said that no speeding fines will be issued because of the strike .
Trade unions said the government had refused to engage with them on ways of cutting the state pay and pensions bill by 1.3bn euros without cutting pay , pensions or services .
They said the government had forced the action by failing to negotiate a fair alternative to plans for a second huge pay cut this year .
However , a number of unions have deferred strike action in areas affected by recent floods .
The strike affected a wide range of the public sector : A majority of civil service employees took part ;
A limited customs service is running at ports and airports ;
Prison officers have been striking for an hour at different times - prisoners are being locked in their cells during the action ;
Emergency cover being provided by fire and water services ;
Most local authorities staff are on strike but staff at flood - hit areas are still working ;
Hospital staffing is at Christmas Day levels - only " genuine emergency " cases advised to show up at A&E departments , hospital appointments are being deferred and non-emergency procedures postponed , although strike exemptions were granted to key areas including palliative and intensive care ;
Police are forbidden by law to strike but members of the Association of Garda Sergeants and Inspectors have been instructed not to make themselves available for overtime ; and ,
More than 50,000 teachers are on strike .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What is the QIDO - Qwerty to Dvorak USB Adapter ?
QIDO stands for ' Qwerty - In -> Dvorak - Out ' .
The QIDO Qwerty to Dvorak USB Adapter is a tiny USB plug which attaches between an external USB keyboard and PC / Mac and lets users toggle between the conventional Qwerty layout and the more - efficient Dvorak layout .
Its built - in layout switch mechanism is activated by a simple tap of the NumLock key ( or Clear key on some Mac keyboard ) twice in quick succession .
With its quick switching mechanism and portability , QIDO also brings the commitment to learn and use the Dvorak layout as a viable option within the grasp of every computer user .
The QIDO is small , portable and easy to use ... the perfect answer for environments where both Dvorak and Qwerty typists need to co-exist , such as in the workplace , at school , or at home .
QIDO currently supports the conversion of US Qwerty to the following Dvorak layouts :
1 ) Dvorak ( Standard )
2 ) Dvorak - Qwerty
3 ) Dvorak Single Handed Left
4 ) Dvorak Single Handed Right
Why choose QIDO rather than your OS to manage the Dvorak layout ?
Switching to the Dvorak in Windows seems very easy , but there are many benefits when letting QIDO manage your keyboard layout rather than your OS .
These benefits of QIDO are best described in a post by Alex Eagle ( the originator of the QIDO concept ) .
* Bugs in OS support for switching layouts .
In Mac at least , option - gives me æ and option -[ gives me  because its modifying the QWERTY position character .
Locking my screen with LockTight , I tell it my shortcut is shift - option - command - P , but I really have to hit L. * Software that reads scancodes in some situations where it shouldnt .
Especially as a developer , I run across tools that dont use the OS - provided character mapping .
* Pair programming - I would like to have a Dvorak keyboard , plugin to a qwerty co-workers machine , and both keyboards work at the same time .
* Sitting down at a QWERTY keyboard .
People make fun of us when we cant use their keyboard , but honestly , it s really annoying .
Id like to have dvorak with me all the time .
* Working through remote X sessions , VMWare , over Synergy , or in the BIOS or bootloader - you can never be sure if you have us -> dvorak mapped , or if its mapped twice .
Especially when using more than one of those remote means .
* Really low - tech people are put off from trying dvorak by the prospect of changing a setting in their OS / windowing toolkit .
QIDO is small , portable and manages your keyboard layout in hardware .
Using a QIDO addresses and eliminates many of the issues and problems encountered by users of the Dvorak layout .
How it works .
On one side of the QIDO you will find a Female USB connector , and on the other side a Male USB connector .
It takes a matter of seconds to attach the QIDO to your External USB keyboard , you simply unplug your USB keyboard ( or wireless keyboard receiver ) , plug it into the QIDO , and then plug the QIDO into your PC / Mac .
I.E. Keyboard -> QIDO -> PC / Mac
The QIDO receives Qwerty keystrokes in its female USB side and remaps them to the Dvorak layout , instantly sending them out the other side .
QIDO contains full - speed dedicated hardware and can change the layout of any attached USB ( 1.0/1.1/2.0 ) Qwerty keyboard to Dvorak on - the - fly .
The hardware is based on our KeyGhost technology and runs flawlessly , with the conversion happening even before any keystrokes reach the computer .
This means QIDO operates completely independent of any operating system running on the PC / Mac , making it compatible with all past , present and even future operating systems and able to serve your needs for years to come !
The QIDO can even be used with most wireless keyboards ( when connected between the dedicated wireless receiver and PC / Mac ) .
With instant and seamless conversion in dedicated hardware , even the world 's fastest typists and gamers would never have any problems using the QIDO on their PC or Mac .
We hope that current users of the Dvorak layout will find the QIDO very helpful , and we hope its existence will also encourage others to take the opportunity to experiment - with and learn this more - efficient keyboard layout .
QIDO in operation .
Let hardware take control of your keyboard layout .
QIDO contains a built - in menu system ( ' Ghost menu ' ) that can be accessed from within any text editor .
Reviews May 24 , 2009 - " Know everything they type , or stop them from typing at all ! " - Read the review at Dan's Data .
Technical information .
USB KEYBOARD REQUIRED
System Requirements : Mac or IBM PC compatible .
USB ( small rectangular plug ) keyboard .
The QIDO - Qwerty to Dvorak USB Converter / Adapter works on ALL USB enabled PC and Mac operating systems including but not limited to Windows 98SE , ME,NT , 2000 , XP , Vista , Windows 7 , MacOSx , Tiger , Leopard , Linux and Ubuntu .
Support for Dos and non USB enabled operating systems is possible but depends on the features of your Bios * QIDO uses the generic HID keyboard device drivers and USB composite device drivers built into all operating systems that support USB keyboards .
QIDO also converts any USB keyboard containing an internal hub into a generic HID composite device .
This means that any PC or Mac keyboard that has a USB mouse attached to the keyboard will continue to work after the QIDO is attached , however , additional USB connectors on keyboards will be disabled for any device other than a single mouse .
*
In order to use QIDO in DOS and non-USB operating systems , you need to enable support for a USB keyboard through a " USB / Legacy " option available in some PC BIOSes .
You can usually access your PC 's BIOS set - up program by pressing DEL or some other specified key during the first few seconds of system startup .
Once in the BIOS setup program , find the settings that relate to USB , and see if there 's a " legacy " option available to you .
If so , simply toggling that option should allow you to use a USB keyboard and QIDO device from DOS .
Dvorak related links General information :
Dvorak simplified keyboard - www.wikipedia.org
The Dvorak keyboard - a primer - www.dvorak-keyboard.com
Loving the Dvorak keyboard - www.slate.com
Dvorak at MIT - www.mit.edu
The Dvorak keyboard and you - www.theworldofstuff.com
Online Dvorak typing tutors :
Free online Dvorak typing course - gigliwood.com
Free online typing tutorial for Dvorak - www.powertyping.com
Free online Dvorak keyboard training - learn.dvorak.nl
Online Dvorak typing tutors :
Single - handed Dvorak layouts - www.pcguide.com
Suppliers of Keyboard stickers :
Dvorak layout keyboard stickers - www.4keyboard.com
Questions or comments ?
At KeyGhost Ltd , we are committed to giving you excellent after sales service and technical support .
Please contact us if you have any questions , comments , suggestions or bulk order pricing enquiries regarding the QIDO or any of our products .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Several members of Congress ripped Attorney General Eric Holder 's decision Friday to try five suspected 9/11 terrorists in civilian court .
Holder was accused of risking Americans ' security by treating the suspects like " common criminals " with a right to greater constitutional protections than they would receive in a military trial .
Five Guantanamo
Bay detainees with alleged ties to the September 11 , 2001 , attacks -- including confessed mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- will be tried in civilian court in New York , Holder announced Friday .
" These terrorists planned and executed the mass murder of thousands of innocent Americans .
Treating them like common criminals is unconscionable , " Texas GOP Sen .
John Cornyn said in a written statement .
" The attacks of September 11th were an act of war .
Reverting to a pre-9/11 approach to fighting terrorism and bringing these dangerous individuals onto U.S. soil needlessly compromises the safety of all Americans . "
Cornyn asserted that Holder had irresponsibly put " political ideology ahead of the safety of the American people just to fulfill an ill - conceived campaign promise . "
Texas Rep. Lamar Smith , the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee , said the decision meant Mohammed and the other defendants would be able to claim new protections , including Miranda and Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure .
" Bringing terrorists to U.S. soil expands their constitutional rights and could result in shorter sentences , " Smith claimed in a statement .
" America already gives terrorists more constitutional rights than any other country .
The administration should not prioritize the rights of terrorists over the rights of Americans to be safe and secure , " he said .
Smith argued that trying suspected terrorists in military commissions at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , is the " most appropriate venue and safest option for the American people . "
He also said the public needed to be " reassured that no terrorist will ever be released into our communities . "
Sen .
Joe Lieberman , I - Connecticut , agreed with Smith that suspected terrorists ought to be tried by military commissions .
" It is inconceivable that we would bring these alleged terrorists back to New York for trial , to the scene of the carnage they created eight years ago , and give them a platform to mock the suffering of their victims and the victims ' families , and rally their followers to continue waging jihad against America , " he said in a statement .
The September 11 terrorists " are war criminals , not common criminals , " he argued .
They are " not American citizens entitled to all the constitutional rights American citizens have in our federal courts . "
Lieberman argued that the updated military commission system recently signed into law by Obama " provides standards of due process and fairness that fully comply with the requirements established by the Supreme Court and the Geneva Conventions . "
Some criticism also came from the Democratic side of the aisle .
Moderate Virginia Sen. Jim Webb said he is " very concerned about the wisdom " of holding civilian trials instead of military tribunals .
" It will be disruptive , costly , and potentially counterproductive to try ( the suspected terrorists ) as criminals in our civilian courts , " he warned .
Critics of military commissions , however , offered strong praise for Holder 's decision .
Anthony Romero , the head of the American Civil Liberties Union , called it " a huge victory for restoring due process and the rule of law , as well as repairing America 's international standing , an essential part of ensuring our national security . "
Romero argued that it would " have been an enormous blow to American values if we had tried these defendants in a ( military commission ) process riddled with legal problems . "
Trying the suspects at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility would have amounted to " a miscarriage of justice in sham proceedings , " Romero said .
Romero criticized Holder 's decision to try five other detainees -- including Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , the alleged mastermind behind the 2000 bombing of the destroyer USS Cole -- by military commission .
" Time and again the federal courts have proven themselves capable of handling terrorism cases while protecting both American values and sensitive national security information .
Justice can only be served in our tried and true courts , " Romero said .
Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D - New York , said he supports
Holder 's decision to hold a trial in the city that bore the brunt of the September 11 attacks .
" Any suggestion that our prosecutors and our law enforcement personnel are not up to the task of safely holding and successfully prosecuting terrorists on American soil is insulting and untrue , " Nadler said in a written statement .
" I invite any of my colleagues who say that they are afraid to bring detainees into the United States to face trial to come to New York and see how we handle them . "
Nadler said the families of the victims of the September 11 attacks deserve the opportunity " to see these trials and confront these defendants in open court . "
Independent New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he supported Holder 's decision to hold a trial in the city that bore the brunt of the September 11 attacks .
" It is fitting that 9/11 suspects face justice near the World Trade Center site where so many New Yorkers were murdered , " he asserted in a statement .
Bloomberg said he told Holder that " New York City stands ready to assist the federal court in the administration of justice in any way necessary . "
But Rep. Pete King , a New York Republican who represents who parts of Long Island , said holding terrorism trials in New York City could be a security threat .
" We are already the top target of the world .
...
They only have to be lucky once , " said King , whose father was a New York City policeman .
Holding the trial in New York would put too much strain on the police force , he said .
" They can do as good a job as possible but there are already a thousand cops working on counterterrorism , and to add to that will be very difficult , " King said .
He added that the trial could last for years .
King , the former chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said it is " morally and constitutionally " wrong to try terrorism suspects in civilian courts .
" We are at war , " he said .
" This is a war . "
King also blasted the president for allowing Holder to make an announcement about a politically dicey national security issue , and for releasing it on a Friday as Obama was " sneaking away to Asia as this is happening . "
" It 's like there are two administrations , the Obama administration and the Holder administration , " King said .
Arizona GOP Sen .
John McCain , however , contended that the decision to hold a civilian trial for some suspected terrorists and a military trial for others sent " a mixed message about America 's resolve in the fight against terrorism . "
" If military tribunals are suitable for the terrorists who attacked our sailors aboard the USS Cole ... then military tribunals are certainly the right venue to try the al Qaeda terrorists , including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who murdered thousands of innocent civilians on September 11 , 2001 , " he said .
Once in a great while , ideological opponents find themselves on the same side of a debate .
And , though both parties find one another repulsive , that 's what 's happening , however tenuously , with Andrew Sullivan and those " God Hates Fags " crazies .
The issue at hand : President Obama 's plans to address elitist gay group Human Rights Campaign 's annual dinner in DC .
Now , some of you may not be hip to Obama 's same - sex politics , but that 's okay : they do n't amount to much .
Despite all those campaign promises , the Big O 's dragging his feet on , well , basically every important LGBT policy .
And that lackadaisical approach has many , like Sullivan , arguing that Obama 's simply in it for that sweet , sweet gay dough :
In some ways , Obama 's fealty to the big gay lobby rather than to the real gay community is testimony to why Democratic party politics remain repulsive to me .
HRC has achieved nothing substantive for gay equality on a federal level in the twenty years I 've been observing them .
...
If Obama wants to support gay equality , he knows what to do ....
So spare us the schmoozing and the sweet - talking and do it .
Until then , Mr president , why do n't you have a nice steaming cup of shut - the - fuck - up ?
Sullivan's not alone in wagging a finger at this weekend 's event .
The rag tag Westboro Baptist Church , which was founded by the scary Fred Phelps and has a knack for getting press , announced that it will also wag a finger , and some questionable placards .
That 's no surprise .
Nor is their hateful press release , which comes awfully close to Sullivan 's criticism :
You stupid fags think Obama gives a darn about you ?
No , he hates you .
He is going to use your money and your resources and then when he shows himself for what he is , he will merely destroy you along with the rest of this nation of self - loathing hypocrites .
Their release , however , does top Sullivan in one respect ( other than the national damnation bit ) : it delves into the event 's dinner menu : " What , you 're going to have an all the feces you can eat bufet [ sic ] ?
YUCK ! "
Yuck is right !
What self - respecting gay eats feces from a buffet ?
How pedestrian !
We knewJersey Shore just seemed too good to be true .
This Funnyordie video — starring Pauly D , The Situation , and Snookie — jokingly claims the whole thing is a farce , and the trio are just tortured method actors forced to deliver trashy material .
Of course , since this is the first time we ’ve been able to see these cats actually act ( we think ) , the clip begs the question :
Does anyone in the cast actually have an acting career in their future ?
The Situation seems to have a not - half - bad acting situation going on , but if I were to judge purely based on Pauly D’s horrible British accent in this clip , I ’d say a resounding … no .
SolarReserve
The holy grail of renewable energy is a solar power plant that continues producing electricity after the sun goes down .
A Santa Monica , Calif. , company called SolarReserve has taken a step toward making that a reality , filing an application with California regulators to build a 150 - megawatt solar farm that will store seven hours ’ worth of the sun ’s energy in the form of molten salt .
Heat from the salt can be released when it ’s cloudy or at night to create steam that drives an electricity - generating turbine .
The Rice Solar Energy Project , to be built in the Sonoran Desert east of Palm Springs , will “ generate steady and uninterrupted power during hours of peak electricity demand , ” according to SolarReserve ’s license application .
So - called dispatchable solar farms would in theory allow utilities to avoid spending billions of dollars building fossil fuel power plants that are fired up only a few times a year when electricity demand spikes , like on a hot day .
SolarReserve is literally run by rocket scientists , many of whom formerly worked at Rocketdyne , a subsidiary of the technology giant United Technologies .
Rocketdyne developed the solar salt technology , which was proven viable at the 10 - megawatt Solar Two demonstration project near Barstow , Calif. , in the 1990s .
United Technologies has licensed the technology to SolarReserve and will guarantee its performance — a crucial advantage for the startup when it seeks financing from skittish bankers to build the Rice solar farm .
As many as 17,500 large mirrors — each one 24 feet by 28 feet — will be attached to 12 - foot pedestals .
The mirrors , called heliostats , will be arrayed in a circle around a 538 - foot concrete tower .
Atop the tower will sit a 100 - foot receiver filled with 4.4 million gallons of liquid salt .
The heliostats will focus the sun on the receiver , heating the salt to 1,050 degrees Fahrenheit .
The liquefied salt flows through a steam - generating system to drive the turbine and is returned to the receiver to be heated again .
SolarReserve is n’t the only developer planning to tap molten salt to store solar energy .
Abengoa Solar , for instance , intends to use salt storage at its 280 - megawatt Solana solar trough plant outside Phoenix .
That project , however , will heat tubes filled with synthetic oil to create steam and transfer some of the heat to salt - filled storage tanks .
By using salt for both steam and storage , SolarReserve can generate higher - temperature steam , which will allow the Rice power plant to operate much more efficiently , according to Kevin Smith , SolarReserve ’s chief executive .
“ Consequently , our system can capture three times the energy for the same pound of salt , ” Mr. Smith wrote in an e-mail message .
“ Plus they have additional ‘ bolt on ’ equipment , plus multiple heat transfer steps to go from oil to salt to oil and then to steam for electricity generation . ”
SolarReserve ’s plant will be built on private land — the site of a former World War II - era Army airfield — near the desert ghost town of Rice .
The company will air - cool the power plant , avoiding controversies over water use that have dogged other solar projects .
But the height of the solar tower — 653 feet when a maintenance crane is attached to the top — could generate resistance from conservationists worried about the impact of the project on desert vistas .
A proposed SolarReserve power plant in Nevada ran into resistance from Air Force officials concerned that the tower would interfere with radar at a nearby military base .
The company said it is negotiating with California utilities to buy the electricity generated from the Rice project and expects the solar farm to go online in October 2013 , barring unforeseen delays .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Nicolas
Cage brought about his own financial ruin with a spending spree that included two castles , 15 palatial homes , a flotilla of yachts and a squadron of Rolls Royces , his former business manager said .
Samuel Levin , responding to a lawsuit Cage filed against him , said he warned the Oscar - winning actor that he could face bankruptcy unless he scaled back his lavish lifestyle .
Cage , one of Hollywood 's highest - paid movie stars , sued Levin in October , charging that he " lined his pockets with several million dollars in business management fees while sending Cage down a path toward financial ruin . "
" Cage discovered that he is now forced to sell major assets and investments at a significant loss and is faced with huge tax liabilities because of Levin 's incompetence , misrepresentations and recklessness , " Cage 's lawsuit said .
He asked the Los Angeles Superior Court for $ 20 million in damages from Levin .
Levin filed a counter - complaint this week demanding $ 129,000 owed to him by Cage for recent work on his tax returns .
The filing also argued that Cage was " deeply in debt " when he started working for him in 2001 because Cage had " already squandered tens of millions of dollars he had earned as a movie star . "
Levin said he warned Cage , whose given name is Nicolas Coppola , that he needed to earn $ 30 million a year " just to maintain his lavish lifestyle . "
He urged Cage to save " a cash cushion " of at least $ 10 million " to alleviate the financial pressure to take film roles that might be detrimental to his career , " Levin 's response said .
Several of Cage 's recent movie roles have been seen by critics as " paycheck gigs " taken only because of his pressing debt .
Levin 's filing claimed that starting in 2005 and then " with increasing urgency " over the next two years , he " implored Coppola to stop buying real estate and urged him to reduce his real estate holdings , warning Coppola that the financial press was filled with references to a ' real estate bubble . ' "
He countered Cage 's claim that the actor was left in the dark about his finances .
" Levin repeatedly warned Coppola that he was living beyond his means , urged him to spend less , and warned him that financial disaster loomed if he continued to spend uncontrollably , " Levin 's filing said .
" Levin described the folly of several other well - known entertainers who compulsively overspent their way into bankruptcy , and warned Coppola ' it could happen to you , ' " the filing said .
Cage should have known about his debt because " he signed every check for every monetary transaction throughout the relationship , " Levin said .
" Instead of listening to Levin , cross - defendant Coppola spent most of his free time shopping for high ticket purchases , and wound up with 15 personal residences , most of which were bought against Levin 's advice , " Levin 's complaint said .
" Likewise , Levin advised Coppola against buying a Gulfstream jet , against buying and owning a flotilla of yachts , against buying and owning a squadron of Rolls Royces , against buying millions of dollars in jewelry and art . "
Cage 's four yachts included one each for the Caribbean , the Mediterranean , Newport Beach , California , and Rhode Island , Levin said .
In 2007 alone , Cage 's " shopping spree entailed the purchase of three additional residences at a total cost of more than $ 33 million ; the purchase of 22 automobiles ( including 9 Rolls Royces ) ; 12 purchases of expensive jewelry ; and 47 purchases of artwork and exotic items , " Levin 's filing said .
" Coppola also spent huge sums taking his sizable entourage on costly vacations and threw enormous , Gatsby - style parties at his residences , " it said .
Levin 's warnings that Cage was living beyond his means were not just ignored , but " at times Levin was rebuked for trying to restrain the outflow of cash , " he said .
" The pinnacle " of Cage 's spending spree was the purchase of two castles -- in England and Germany -- which Levin warned " were decrepit and needed huge expenditures , " he said .
Cage 's financial collapse came in 2008 when real estate values plunged and most of his residences turned " upside down , just as the global credit crunch made it impossible to cover Coppola 's endless cash calls by borrowing more money , " Levin said .
The case of Nicolas Cage versus Samuel Levin is set for a hearing in a Beverly Hills , California , courtroom on February 3 , 2010 , according to court records .
By Admin • 29 Sep , 2020
By Chestnut Square Guest Contributor Dana Christy
When most of us think of yoga , we think of young , thin , physically fit people sweating and stretching and twisting their bodies into seemingly impossible shapes .
Unfortunately , this narrow image excludes the majority of the population , and makes yoga feel impossible to most people — particularly older adults .
However , if we look more closely at yoga ’s core principles , we can understand how to integrate these values into a more accessible practice .
The physical benefits of yoga come from guiding the body through its full potential range of motion .
The mental benefits come from cultivating mindfulness by focusing on physical sensations .
There are so many ways we can achieve these benefits — even from our chairs !
Here ’s a five - minute chair yoga practice that is suitable for beginning and seasoned yogis alike : Start sitting tall with your hands in your lap .
Close your eyes and take a few deep breaths .
Feel your belly move as you breathe .
Feel the air come in and out of your nose .
Do this for a few breath cycles .
Next , take a deep breath in and reach your arms up towards the sky .
Breathe out and bring your arms down by your sides .
Repeat this five times , allowing your body to expand a bit more with each repetition .
Now try a side stretch to open up your ribs and help you breathe more deeply .
Reach your right arm up and over to the left .
Take a few breaths .
Repeat on the other side .
Next , lace your fingers behind your head .
Breathe in , look up , and let your chest expand .
As you breathe out , round your back and fold forward as much as is comfortable , noticing the back of your body open .
Repeat this five times .
Here are two poses that are great for digestion .
If it ’s accessible to your body , draw your right knee into your chest .
Hold it for a few breaths , then switch sides .
Then twist by taking your right hand to your left knee and turning to the left .
Maybe even look over your left shoulder .
Notice where you feel the twist in your body .
Take a few big breaths before you try the other side .
When you ’re done , place a pillow ( or three ! ) on your thighs and fold forward , letting your torso rest on the pillow .
Make sure your head is supported so your neck can relax .
Finally , sit up and return your hands to your lap .
Play with turning your palms down or up .
Notice the different sensations when you change your hand position .
For some folks , palms down can feel more grounding , and palms up can feel more expansive .
Choose whichever feels best and sit for a few moments , feeling your breath move in and out of your nose .
Get curious about any shift the practice may have caused in your body or mind .
How do you feel now , as compared with five minutes ago ?
Again , there are no wrong answers — it ’s all about mindful observing .
That ’s it — you ’re done !
Enjoy your new state of yogic bliss !
Dana Christy is the founder of WellSpring Healing Arts , where she practices shiatsu massage and therapeutic yoga .
She has worked with people of all ages and abilities , and uses her wide range of healing modalities to guide her clients towards their vision of optimal wellness .
For more information on Chestnut Square ’s vibrant senior living community , please visit www.ChestnutSquare.info
A new Thompson - Reuters survey on healthcare reform shows sustained public support for the public option .
Sixty percent of survey respondents said they believe a public option should be included in final healthcare reform legislation .
Only about one in five , however , believes the cost , quality or value of care will improve in the next 12 months .
Twenty - three percent said they expect access to care to improve ....
Here are the key findings : 18 percent of survey respondents said they expect to spend less on healthcare a year from now .
21 percent believe the quality of care will improve in the next 12 months .
18 percent believe the value of care delivered will be better in a year .
23 percent believe it will be easier for people to receive the care they need a year from now .
60 percent of Americans believe a public option should be included in final healthcare legislation .
There are sharp divisions , however , along party lines : 86 percent of Democrats support the public option versus 57 percent of Independents and 33 percent of Republicans .
Those 86 percent of Democrats , by the way , are the Democrats that may or may not decide to go to the polls next November on the basis of what happens with this legislation ; that Democratic base that is currently less than enthusiastic about turning out to vote for more of the same .
And the public option is n't going to be scaring off Independents .
This comes in a week where a lot of folk on the left seem ready to just give up already on the public option , including Ezra and Chris .
They argue , in part , that it 's been so watered down that at this point it 's more trouble than it 's worth and should n't stand in the way of other components .
Digby , as usual has an excellent response specifically on the politics of that :
Ezra believes that if the votes are n't there for a decent public option then the horse trading should be around getting something good in return for giving up the public option rather than negotiating the terms of the public option .
That would make sense if the public option were just another feature of the health care bill .
But it is not .
It is the central demand of the liberal base of the Democratic Party in this rube goldberg health care plan and has long since gone way beyond a policy to become a symbol .
Perhaps that is wrong on policy grounds .
People will argue about that forever .
But that does n't change the fact that it is no longer a matter of policy but rather a matter of political power .
And to that extent it cannot be " bargained away " for something like better subsidies , even if it made sense .
" Bargaining away " the Public Option is also the bargaining away of liberal influence and strength .
Indeed , since the political establishment and the media have been declaring it dead for the past six months , the fact that it is still in the bill is a testament to liberal strength .
And that is why Republicans and corporate centrists are so desperate to destroy anything that 's called a " Public Option " no matter how many compromises are made to accomodate them .
And it's why the liberals are so adamant about keeping it alive ....
What 's really kept this symbol of liberal power alive is public opinion , in my view , rather than an institutional belief in the serious intention among progressives to tank the bill .
It 's the people who have the liberals ' back on this one and that actually scares politicians .
They are n't scared that liberal pols are going to vote against health care reform .
They 're scared of voters .
As far as the Village is concerned , the public option is a symbol of " liberal " power and Digby is absolutely right to recognize that bargaining it away is bargaining away far more in future debates .
But as far as the American public seems to be concerned the public option is n't a symbol and it is n't just a " liberal " idea .
It 's a smart , common - sense answer to the stranglehold the insurance companies have had on us for decades .
The people want real choice , and they see a public option as a good way to provide it .
A federal prosecutor tracked down a Seattle fraud suspect in Mexico this year through his Facebook posts .
A man's Twitter messages to fellow demonstrators at a recent protest in Pittsburgh led to an FBI search of his home and short - lived charges of interfering with police .
The CIA and other U.S. intelligence agencies reportedly are investing in a software firm that monitors half a million social networking Web sites each day .
There 's nothing wrong with law enforcement agencies ' using Internet technology to investigate crimes , Bay Area privacy advocates say .
But they want the federal government to say how , when and why its agents look at Americans ' social networking accounts .
" These are new tools .
There has n't been a lot of discussion about how law enforcement can use them and what 's appropriate , what 's ethical , " said attorney Marcia Hofmann of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which filed a Freedom of Information
Act lawsuit this week against the Defense Department , the Justice Department , the CIA and other federal agencies with intelligence - gathering arms .
The suit , in U.S. District Court in San Francisco , seeks each agency 's policies and guidelines on using social networking sites and its safeguards for preventing abuses .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation says the government has ignored requests since October to disclose the information voluntarily .
" There are a lot of very appropriate law enforcement uses of social networking sites , " said Shane Witnov , a UC Berkeley law student working on the case for the school 's Samuelson Law , Technology and Public Policy Clinic .
But , he said , " The American people have a right to know if they 're being surveilled . "
Hofmann said what is known about police using interactive Web sites to nab suspects comes from media accounts .
She said there are few court records or laws that directly address such surveillance .
Public or private ?
Federal and state laws require police to get a warrant before reading the contents of a private e-mail .
But it 's not clear when , or whether , a widely shared networking site is considered private , Hofmann said .
She said Facebook users might be entitled to privacy protection when they limit access to their communications to people they designate as friends .
Media reports from several cities have described police posing as friends to enter accounts .
Although officers in conventional investigations commonly work undercover , Hofmann said , creating a false profile to gain access to private , online information might violate federal laws on electronic surveillance .
At the least , she said , it " presents a lot of ethical concerns . "
Occasionally , officers have no need to resort to such subterfuges to find incriminating information online .
Boasting on Facebook
One notable case involved Maxi Sopo , who was wanted on bank fraud charges in Seattle and posted messages on Facebook reveling in his life of ease in Mexico .
Sopo's Facebook page was private but his list of friends was public , and included a former Justice Department employee whose name was spotted by a federal prosecutor in Seattle , authorities said .
The man , who had no idea Sopo was wanted , provided information that enabled Mexican police to arrest him in September .
One controversial case involved allegations of criminal misuse of electronic networking .
Elliot Madison , a protester at the Group of 20 economic summit in Pittsburgh , was arrested by state police in September in a hotel where he was sending Twitter messages to demonstrators .
His lawyer said Madison had simply been telling them that police were ordering them to disperse .
Madison was booked on suspicion of interfering with legal arrests - an apparently unprecedented charge that prosecutors eventually decided not to pursue .
Madison said the FBI later raided his New York City home and handcuffed him while agents ransacked the premises , a search that produced no charges .
It all happened , he noted , while the U.S. government was praising dissidents in Iran who used Twitter to communicate with each other and the outside world .
Keeping tabs
The government , meanwhile , is reportedly teaming up with the private sector to monitor public sites such as Twitter and YouTube .
Wired.com reported in October that In - Q - Tel , the investment arm of the CIA and other intelligence agencies , was investing in Visible Technologies , a software company that keeps tabs on more than half a million Web sites , blogs and online forums each day .
Witnov , the Berkeley law student , is the co-author of one of the few published sets of guidelines for lawyers ' use of social networking sites .
Adopted last year by the Santa Clara County public defender 's office , the handbook says browsing a consenting person 's Web site is acceptable .
Misrepresenting an employer or job title is discouraged , it says , and creating fake accounts or contacting a witness without identifying one 's self is off - limits .
The elusive goal , Witnov said , is the proper balance between " what we as a society want to protect ourselves from criminals and to protect ourselves from invasion of privacy . "
An image from easyJet 's inflight magazine 's fashion shoot
The airline easyJet is withdrawing all copies of its in - flight magazine , easyJet Traveller , after a row erupted over a tasteless fashion shoot at the Holocaust Memorial in Berlin .
The airline took the decision after being contacted by the New Statesman this afternoon .
The latest issue of the in - flight magazine featured two unsanctioned photographs of models posing in designer clothes among the famous concrete blocks of the " Field of Stelae " , Germany 's foremost memorial to commemorate the six million Jewish victims of the Nazi genocide .
The magazine did not seek permission from the Foundation Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe , which only became aware that the photographs existed when contacted by the New Statesman yesterday .
In a statement , the Memorial 's director , Uwe Neumärker , said it " grants permissions only to projects which are related to the memorial , the Holocaust or some aspect of commemoration . "
" The Foundation Memorial does not support commercial shoots , and fashion photography is considered to fall into this category . "
" The Foundation Memorial will contact the easyJet airline company in writing in order to clarify the circumstances of the photo shoot . "
According to the Foundation , security personnel are on duty around the clock to prevent such incidents happening , but it was impossible to monitor the entire area due to its size and complexity .
In a statement to the New Statesman , the airline said :
" easyJet profusely apologises to anyone who may be offended by the inappropriate fashion photo shoot at the Holocaust Memorial in Berlin featured in this month 's issue of the in - flight magazine . "
" The magazine is produced by INK -- an external publishing house , and easyJet were not aware of the images until they appeared in print .
As a consequence we are now reviewing our relationship with the publisher and are withdrawing this month 's issue from all flights . "
" easyJet prides itself on bringing together a wide range of cultures and beliefs and is appalled by this insensitive and inconsiderate photo - shoot , the aim of which was to highlight some of Berlin 's iconic landmarks and certainly no offence was meant . "
But the Labour MP Denis MacShane , who heads the European Institute for the Study of Contemporary Anti-Semitism , told newstatesman.com
" This is further evidence of the banalisation of anti-Semitism and the trivialisation of the genocidal massacre of Jews in the Second World War . "
Follow us on Twitter for regular updates from the team
Did you think the giant bed condom was the biggest condom in the planet ?
Wrong !
Those Italians have made one for the biggest salami on Earth , one that can fit 230 people at the same time : The Mob Condom .
Advertisement
It was part of a campaign to raise awareness of STDs , asking people to get together inside the condom at different events through Italy , using Facebook , Twitter , and other internet sites .
They were able to get 230 people inside at one of the events .
I like absurd things like this .
I just wish everyone were naked inside , wearing condoms themselves .
[ Direct Daily ]
Paparazzi are stalking the children of celebrities in Santa Monica .
Jennifer Garner , for example , has a child who attends a Santa Monica school .
( It 's none ...
By now , most people realize that building up lean muscle mass to your body does wonders for your metabolism and fat loss , in addition to furnishing a numbe ...
Why Is " Acne no More " the Highest Selling Holistic Acne Relief Guide in Web History , with Thousands of Satisfied ( and Now Acne - Free ) Customers in 131 Natio ...
By now , most individuals understand that adding lean muscle mass to your body does wonders for your metabolism and fat loss , as well as providing a number ...
Terms and Conditions
Comments are invited .
Note that they are moderated .
Modest self - promotion , including link - backs , IS allowed , IF you also include something worthwhile .
That means your comment should be a pertinent question or provide some pertinent information .
Comment postings with just links or " attaboys " for backlinks only , will be deleted .
Two sozzled sailors were arrested after being rescued from a dinghy dressed as pirates - armed with pistols , a cutlass and a bottle of rum .
The pie-eyed pranksters - sporting black beards , long curly wigs , waistcoats and tricorn hats - ran into trouble after heading out into the English Channel to " conquer the Isle of Wight " .
After a few hours at sea the two pals ran out of steam prompting lifeboat crews to rush to the rescue off Selsey in West Sussex .
And back on dry land things went from bad to worse when the would - be pirates were ARRESTED for possessing offensive weapons .
The drama began when the holidaymakers were spotted launching from Medmerry Beach near Bunn Leisure Caravan Complex .
At about 9.30 pm the boat , which was floating about half a mile west of Selsey bill point , was reported to Selsey Lifeboat Station .
The crew came across a small angling dinghy , which had broken down and had the drunken two sailors onboard .
They towed the dinghy back to shore where police officers were waiting for them .
The men , in their early twenties , were both arrested .
When they were safely aboard the boat crew members took pictures of the men , who were in full pirate apparel .
A spokesman for Selsey Lifeboat said : " They were off to conquer the Isle of Wight .
" We got the call out because people were reported in trouble in a dinghy so we went out to them .
" When we got there they were sitting in the boat quite happy .
" The police were waiting for them because they had a cutlass that was real .
" I think they had been having a damn good time all day and it ended with them decided to conquer the Isle of Wight .
" It was a bit of merriment for all involved . "
The two men , believed to be holidaymakers from Reading , were released without charge .
Sergeant Chris Woollerton , of Sussex Police , said : " Two males were arrested for their own safety as much as anything else .
When they were deemed fit and able they were released .
" They were kept for a suitable amount of time . "
Sgt Woollerton said he did n't know exactly how much the two men had drunk but warned their actions , on July 31 , could have resulted in tragedy .
He said : " The lifeboat rescued them because they were at significant risk .
It was a bit of a prank that was all in good nature but could have had serious consequences .
They were in danger of drifting into the shipping lane and never being seen again .
" Getting drunk and getting into a boat which is ill - equipped and sailing off into the night is one of the most dangerous things they could have done . "
Do you know the two perilous pirates ?
Letus know below .
The DOL reports on weekly unemployment insurance claims :
In the week ending Dec. 5 , the advance figure for seasonally adjusted initial claims was 474,000 , an increase of 17,000 from the previous week 's unrevised figure of 457,000 .
The 4 - week moving average was 473,750 , a decrease of 7,750 from the previous week 's revised average of 481,500 .
...
The advance number for seasonally adjusted insured unemployment during the week ending Nov. 28 was 5,157,000 , a decrease of 303,000 from the preceding week 's revised level of 5,460,000 .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the 4 - week moving average of weekly claims since 1971 .
The four - week average of weekly unemployment claims decreased this week by 7,750 to 473,750 .
This is the lowest level since October 2008 .
Although falling , the level of the 4 week average is still high , suggesting continuing job losses .
London , England ( CNN ) --
The debut album by New York rock band The Strokes has been named " album of the decade " by influential British music magazine , NME .
Released in 2001 , " Is This It " topped the 100 Greatest Albums Of The Decade list compiled by a panel of musicians , producers , writers and record label bosses , according to NME.com .
The Libertines ' 2002 debut " Up the Bracket " was runner - up , with Primal Scream 's " XTRMNTR " from 2000 in third spot .
The Strokes formed in 1999 with a line - up that includes lead vocalist Julian Casablancas , guitarists Nick Valensi and Albert Hammond , Jr. , bassist Nikolai Fraiture , and drummer Fabrizio Moretti .
Fans had to wait two years before " Is This It " was finally released to critical acclaim , with hits such as " Last Night " and " Hard to Explain " underlining their Velvet Underground - inspired garage rock sound .
However , the album fared better among British fans , reaching number two in the charts compared to 33 in the United States .
The band 's second album , " Room On Fire " , was released in 2003 and again reached number two in the British charts with singles including " 12:51 " and " Reptilia . "
But their third album , " First Impressions of Earth " , gave the band its first number one success , when it snatched top spot in Britain in 2006 .
It also reached the hitherto unknown heights of number four across the Atlantic .
On hearing about the NME accolade , frontman Casablancas told the BBC : " It 's totally crazy !
I thought it was great when I heard .
" But does it mean it 's a good musical decade or a bad musical decade ?
I do n't know , I 'm such a bad judge of my own stuff . "
These microscopy images show the cellular reprogramming uncovered by EMBL scientists .
On the left is an ovary of a normal adult female mouse , with a close - up ( top left ) showing the typical female granulosa cells .
When the Foxl2 gene was silenced in these cells ( right , top right : close - up ) , they took on the characteristics of Sertoli cells , the cells normally found in testes of male mice .
Credit : Treier / EMBL
For an ovary to remain an ovary , the female organ has to continuously suppress its inner capacity to become male .
That 's the conclusion of a study in the December 11th issue of the journal Cell revealing that the ovaries of mice can be reprogrammed into testes ( minus the sperm ) by silencing a single gene .
The findings may have implications for understanding certain sex disorders in children and premature menopause in women , the researchers say .
No one would have previously suspected or believed that an adult organ could be " transdifferentiated " to such an extent by changing a single gene , said Mathias Treier of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory and the University of Cologne in Germany .
" No one would have betted on this , " he said .
" That 's why the finding is so spectacular . "
Until a few years ago , conventional wisdom held that terminally differentiated organs in adult mammals could n't be reprogrammed .
The new findings add to a growing list of exceptions to that rule .
They also revise scientists ' understanding of sex determination , which held that ovaries are the default identity for the gonads .
In almost all mammals , males are XY and females XX .
A transcription factor known as SRY , which is found on the Y chromosome , is normally responsible for triggering the indifferent gonads to develop as testes rather than ovaries .
SRY induces the activity of another gene , known as Sox9 , which takes over from there .
Now the researchers show that the transcription factor , FOXL2 , is required to keep Sox9 turned off in the adult ovary .
Without it , Sox9 comes on and the identity of ovarian cells " flip - flops , " turning them into testicular cells .
Treier 's team has been studying the role of the Foxl2 gene for some time and a few years ago published the results of a study in which they deleted the gene from mice altogether .
It turned out female mice lacking FOXL2 during development do n't experience a sex reversal as Treier had thought they might .
Rather , their ovaries fail to develop properly and degenerate .
But FOXL2 is n't just active during development .
It is also expressed at high levels in the adult ovary .
In the new study , they created a mouse in which they could turn the gene off in the ovarian follicles at any time .
When turned off in an adult animal , they report that testis - specific genes , including Sox9 , immediately switch on .
With that change in the genetic program , granulosa and theca cell lineages of the ovary turn into Sertoli - like and Leydig - like cells normally seen in the testes and they begin to pump out testosterone .
" This shows that the maintenance of the ovarian phenotype is an active process throughout life , " Treier said .
" Like Yin and Yang , FOXL2 and SOX9 oppose each other 's action to ensure together the establishment and maintenance of the different female and male supporting cell types respectively . "
Further analysis showed that FOXL2 works in cooperation with the estrogen receptor to repress Sox9 .
Without FOXL2 , the estrogen receptor fails to work suggesting that loss of estrogen levels could lead to sex reversal .
Treier suspects that this mechanism might underlie the occasional signs of masculinization seen in menopausal women .
" When estrogen declines [ in menopause ] , part of the ovary may switch to a testicle - like structure , " he said .
One way to prevent that from happening is estrogen replacement therapy , but of course that kind of hormonal therapy has been shown to come with other health risks .
Treatments designed to modulate FOXL2 activity may be another way to interfere with this process , he said .
The findings likely are relevant to sex reversals seen elsewhere in the animal kingdom , notes Andrew Sinclair and Craig Smith of Murdoch Children 's Research Institute in an accompanying commentary .
" The loss of Foxl2 is likely to be the sole underlying cause of female - to - male sex reversal observed in goats with polled intersex syndrome , which have a large chromosomal deletion of the region including the Foxl2 gene , " they wrote .
" Furthermore , the phenomenon of adult stage sex conversion seen in many fish may be explained by interaction between FOXL2 / estrogen receptor and SOX9 . "
Source : Cell Press ( news : web )
Explore further Female embryonic sexual development driven by universal factor
10 a.m. update : Given the size of campus , some slick or snowy spots still exist .
Help Physical
Plant learn of problem areas by emailing physical.plant.cars@fpm.wisc.edu with specific details of streets , parking lots or sidewalks that need attention .
6 a.m. Thursday update : The UW–Madison campus is open for classes and normal business .
A Snow Action Day has been declared to assist crews in removing snow .
On campus roadways are in good winter driving condition .
All sidewalks and entrances are in good winter condition but caution should be used in these areas .
All parking lots have been plowed but snow piles remain .
Weather conditions are unseasonably cold and windy , please dress appropriately .
5:10 p.m. update : The University of Wisconsin–Madison campus will reopen for classes and normal business , Thursday , Dec. 10 .
Faculty , staff and students are urged to use caution when traveling to and from campus .
Campus roads , sidewalks and parking lots are passable , though there will be some slick spots , along with piled snow .
Students : Students who feel it is unsafe to travel to campus should contact their professors or teaching assistants about making up missed class time .
Professors and teaching assistants are asked to be flexible in dealing with student requests .
However , academic operations should be fully restored and further information about academic expectations has been posted from the Provost ’s Office .
Should faculty or instructional staff make individual decisions to cancel class meetings
Thursday , every effort should be made to notify students and department offices of these changes .
Faculty and staff : Unless directed otherwise , all UW–Madison employees are expected to return to work as scheduled .
Each employee is expected to use judgment in determining if travel is safe .
An employee who reasonably determines that travel would not be safe will not be subject to discipline for not reporting to work .
Supervisors are expected to honor the reasonable requests of employees to arrive late or to leave early because of inclement weather .
Employees are expected to make a reasonable effort to notify their supervisors if they cannot report to work or will report late .
Employees who are absent from work because of the inclement weather normally must use available annual leave ( vacation ) , available holidays , leave without pay , or when appropriate , accrued compensatory time to cover the absence or must arrange with the supervisor to make up the time .
Find additional details on human resources polices related to inclement weather .
Campus services , transit and safety :
Most campus services are expected to reopen Thursday , however , it is possible some events may continue to be impacted .
Anyone planning to attend events on campus today is encouraged to call ahead to ensure programs are continuing .
Updates will be posted to http://www.wisc.edu as they are available .
Be advised , falling temperatures and blowing snow are expected .
In all cases use common sense and think of safety first .
Although many sidewalks , building entrances , and parking lots have been plowed , surface conditions will remain unpredictable and access may be restricted in some campus areas through Thursday .
Campus members with mobility or visual disabilities are encouraged to exercise caution in deciding whether to come to campus on Thursday .
Personal safety should be a primary consideration over class attendance or work schedule .
Students with disabilities who remain at home should contact their faculty regarding class absence .
They can also contact their accommodation specialist at the McBurney Center .
Employees should contact their supervisor to discuss access to individual buildings and parking lots and any assistance that may be needed to return to work .
If you ’re on foot , be sure to dress appropriately or if driving carry a survival kit .
Find more forecast and safety details .
Madison Metro buses are expected to resume operations , but may have delays .
Visit the Madison Metro Web site for updates .
More info on roadways from the Wisconsin Department of Transportation
If your question or issue is not covered above , please email uwpolice@mhub.uwpd.wisc.edu .
3 p.m. update : UWPD estimates 3,000 students have gathered on Bascom Hill this afternoon for a Lakeshore - Southeast snowball fight .
The event has been successful , with few minor injuries reported .
2 p.m. update : Game on !
Men ’s basketball will play its game this evening versus UW - Green Bay at the Resch Center in Green Bay .
Details via UWBadgers.com .
1:50 p.m. update : Another Snow Action Day has been declared for the UW–Madison campus for Thursday , Dec. 10 .
The designation affects parking and snow removal– it does not have an impact on classes or normal campus business .
More information about Thursday will be posted as it becomes available .
1:40 p.m. update : A snow emergency remains in effect in the the City of Madison .
Learn more about city parking restrictions .
1 p.m. update : Pools at the Nat and SERF are now open at RecSports .
11:40 p.m. update : Message to Physical Plant employees :
All essential Physical Plant employees , whose duties include snow removal or heating plant operation , should report to work at their regularly scheduled time or as directed by their supervisor .
Essential employees include : Grounds , Custodial , Campus Services– FRW ’s and Heating Plant Operators .
11:30 a.m. update : RecSports will reopen at noon for use of the Nat , SERF and Shell .
Pools are now open .
The Student Activity Center will also be open 12 - 9 p.m. , unless conditions worsen .
11 a.m. update : UHS will remain closed today .
Urgent medical advice is available from 9 a.m.-9 p.m. by calling ( 608 ) 265-5600 .
In case of medical emergency , call 911 .
Mental health crisis intervention services are available 24 hours a day , 365 days a year by calling ( 608 ) 265-5600 .
10:45 a.m. update : Madison Metro is cancelling service for the day .
8:35 a.m. update : UW Health Clinics closed today , UW Hospital open :
Due to hazardous road conditions and severe weather , all UW Health clinics are closed today , Wed. December 9 .
Patients who may have had scheduled appointments today should call their clinic tomorrow to check about rescheduling .
For patients at UW Health Wisconsin Dialysis , Wisconsin Dialysis remains open today .
Employees who are based at UW Health clinics operated by UW Medical Foundation , UW Hospital and Clinics and the UW Department of Family medicine should plan on continuing normal business hours on Thursday , Dec. 10 .
All UW Medical Foundation adminsitative offices will be closed and employees should stay home .
UWHC employees who are not clinic - based should plan on coming in to work , roads permitting .
They may call ( 608 ) 265-7332 for updates or contact their manager for detailed instructions .
8:30 a.m. update : Statement from the State of Wisconsin and Governor Jim Doyle :
In response to the blizzard that has impacted the state , Gov. Jim Doyle has ordered the closure of all state government and University of Wisconsin campuses for public business .
The Governor ’s order directs that state employees are not to report to work , unless their job duties include the provision or support of an emergency response , public health or public safety function , and their absence would compromise delivery of essential public health , public safety or emergency response functions that are required to continue despite weather conditions .
8 a.m. update : All RecSports facilities are closed today as well .
7:30 a.m. update : Additional updates about campus services :
– The Wisconsin Union will be closed today .
This includes Memorial Union , the Breese Terrace Union and satellite deli operations .
In addition , the Tudor Dinners for tonight are canceled .
Refunds are available by calling the box office at ( 608 ) 265-2787 .
– Campus SAFEwalk is scheduled to be open from 7 p.m. - 1 a.m. SAFEride Cab is expected to offer SAFErides tonight during normal operating hours .
Call ( 608 ) 262-5000 starting at 7 p.m. for information .
– The opening of UHS is delayed due to weather .
For urgent medical concerns , call ( 608 ) 265-5600 , or in the event of a medical emergency , call 911 .
Mental health and crisis services are available 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .
Call ( 608 ) 265-5600 and press option 9 .
You can make certain types of appointments online through your MyUHS account .
Otherwise , please call back to make an appointment .
– If you require access to a locked UW–Madison building and are either an essential employee or are authorized by your supervisor to be there , call UWPD at ( 608 ) 264-COPS and ask for assistance .
7 a.m. Wednesday Update : UW–Madison classes are cancelled Wednesday and non-essential employees are asked not to report to work today .
According to UWPD , campus roads and sidewalks are largely passable , but students , faculty and staff are advised to use extreme caution walking or driving and stay off the roads if at all possible .
Power is on around campus , after several sporadic outages during the night .
Numerous campus services are closed as a result of the blizzard .
They including campus Libraries and Unions .
Madison Metro is not running until later today when it is safer to drive on city streets .
Visit Metro ’s site to get service updates .
This page will be updated to reflect up - to - date closing info .
Get the latest forecast from the National Weather Service .
###
8 p.m. Tuesday :
In light of blizzard warnings for Madison and Dane County , Chancellor Biddy Martin has canceled classes and asked all non-essential university employees to stay home on Wednesday , Dec. 9 .
“ The safety of our students , faculty and staff is paramount , ” Martin says .
“ I encourage the campus community to stay off the roads on Wednesday .
We hope to return to normal university business on Thursday . ”
Current forecasts are calling for snow all night , with gusting winds and total accumulations ranging from 12 - 16 inches before Wednesday night .
Despite the Wednesday closing , critical campus services will be maintained .
These areas include public safety , snow removal , animal care , patient care and University Housing .
If you work in one of these areas , or in a department or unit that has designated you as an essential employee , please plan to report , if possible .
If you are unable to travel due to the inclement weather , contact your supervisor .
Please note , all employees of University Housing are deemed essential and should report if possible , or refer to Housing inclement weather policies .
Non-essential personnel are encouraged to stay at home to help facilitate the efficient clearing of streets , sidewalks , and parking lots .
An individual who needs to work on authorized activities and who can reach the campus safely , may report to work with supervisory permission .
Additional updates will be posted as they are available .
Should you still plan to come to campus , visit the following resources :
Madison Metro buses are running .
Find more information on roadways from the Wisconsin Department of Transportation .
For an easy , comprehensive and affordable herb garden starter , your best bet may very well be the Planters ' Choice Organic Herb Growing Kit .
This top-rated product comes with everything you need to grow four different culinary herbs at home , and it ’s totally accessible for beginners .
In this kit from Planters ’ Choice , you get four biodegradable growing pots , four organic seed packets , four soil discs , four bamboo plant markers , an herb grinder , and a comprehensive instruction booklet .
With these supplies , you ’ll have everything you need to grow basil , cilantro , chives ​ , and parsley .
Even if you have a brown thumb , this kit ’s instruction manual makes it almost foolproof to grow flourishing herbs right in your kitchen .
Reviewers love that this comprehensive herb - growing system is easy enough for beginners to follow , and many say their herbs grew fast , sprouting in just a few days .
Several people say this kit was their first foray into gardening and made the experience frustration - free !
What more could you ask for from an herb kit ?
( CNN ) --
In a case that would have been impossible even five years ago , bad - girl rocker Courtney Love is being sued for libel by a fashion designer for allegedly slamming the woman on Twitter .
The suit claims that after a disagreement over what Love should pay Dawn Simorangkir for the clothes she designed , Love posted allegedly derogatory and false comments about the designer -- among them that she had a " history of dealing cocaine " -- on her now - discontinued Twitter feed .
But as technology evolves faster than the laws that govern free speech online , it 's not just the famous who are finding trouble .
Consider the case of Amanda Bonnen and her former landlord .
Bonnen , an Illinois resident , is accused of using Twitter to tell another user : " Who said sleeping in a moldy apartment was bad for you ?
Horizon Realty thinks it 's okay . "
Horizon Group Management LLC , the company that owned the apartment in question , sued Bonnen for libel over the alleged tweet .
Horizon is seeking $ 50,000 in damages .
Legal experts say such Internet - related cases are being watched closely because they confront new and unaddressed areas of American law .
For example , how should a libel case be handled when it comes to social media ?
How can society balance accountability with free speech ?
And if information -- from private thoughts to public data -- is so readily available , how do we define what constitutes privacy ?
A time of ' cultural shift '
Legal experts said it 's difficult for the law to keep up with emerging technology .
" Generally , it is at least five years behind technology as it is developing , " said Andrea Matwyshyn , a professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School , who tracks the intersection of law and technology .
There are several reasons why the law tends to play catch - up , experts said .
The first is that it 's typically difficult to predict or anticipate technology innovations .
Think of the music - sharing battles that began -- and are still going on -- after the advent of Napster .
Another reason is that it 's difficult to handle cases that deal with the Internet and the Web because it confronts a fundamental schism :
Is the Web a unique , separate space or is it really an extension of real space ?
That concept might be a little bit abstract , but think of it this way :
When a person dies , a house , property or car owned by that person can be passed on , relatively easily , to a family member or an identified heir .
But what about online property like account profiles , passwords and digital content ?
" We really have n't thought about this much because there have n't been many generations of users with copious digital assets to even trigger the need to think about what happens if they pass away , " Matwyshyn said .
Another challenge for the law is the way the Web crosses state and international borders .
Let 's say a Facebook user in England sues another user in Australia for defamatory comments posted on the site .
Who has jurisdiction over the case , which country 's laws should be applied : England's , Australia 's or those of the United States , where Facebook is based ?
One last hypothetical : Let 's look at a Facebook or Twitter network of 10 people .
Half of them are co-workers ; the other half are not .
One co-worker is offended by something another co-worker said .
Do harassment laws apply ?
Does the company that employs some of the people have any liability ?
" There 's an increasing breakdown of the traditional social boundaries between workplace and homelife , and personal and public information , " Matwyshyn said .
" It 's a time of cultural shift and this is going to take a while to stabilize itself and shake out . "
That process , seemingly , has begun .
Anonymity and immunity
In August 2008 , a user of Blogger.com , a Google subsidiary , created " Skanks in NYC . "
The blog assailed Liskula Cohen , 37 , a Canadian - born cover girl who has appeared in Vogue and other fashion magazines , by featuring photos of Cohen captioned with derogatory terms .
Cohen sued Google to learn the name of the anonymous blogger on the grounds that the post was defamatory and libelous .
A New York Supreme Court judge ordered Google to reveal the anonymous blogger 's name , and Google complied .
The case provided insight into the debate between the competing values of privacy and free speech , said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN 's senior legal analyst .
" You have a robust debate on a million different subjects every day on the Internet , " he said .
" But on the other hand , is that a license to damage people 's reputation with knowing falsehood ? "
The courts are trying to strike a balance between the two , Toobin said .
" There have been a lot of cases about trying to get behind the anonymity of the Internet , " he said .
" What the courts are ... saying is that you have to show good reason , you can't just frivolously ask . "
Nicholas Thompson of Wired magazine said such cases make it clear that anonymity on the Web does not necessarily guarantee a measure of immunity .
" The more people learn about it , the more they 're going to realize that laws do apply online , " he said .
' A world without anonymity '
In 2006 , Stacy Snyder was a 25 - year - old single mother hoping to begin a career as an educator .
She had finished her coursework and was a student teacher .
Yet Millersville University , located in Pennsylvania , would n't give her a degree .
Snyder filed a lawsuit alleging the school denied her a degree because administrators discovered a photo on her MySpace page that showed her wearing a pirate 's hat and drinking from a plastic cup , with the caption " drunken pirate . "
She lost her case .
According to the decision by the court , the school provided alternative reasons for denying Snyder a degree .
Whatever the outcome of the case , it speaks to the broader issue of commingling public and private lives in the digital age , experts say .
Thanks to the Internet , it 's now relatively easy to find the value of a person 's home or the extent of their political contributions .
Meanwhile , people use social media applications like Flickr or Twitter to share personal details with the world .
The result is a blurring of the lines between what ought to be considered private and public .
It is the challenge of " a world without anonymity , " said Jeffrey Rosen , a law professor at George Washington University , who has written extensively about privacy and the law .
He is also the legal affairs editor at The New Republic .
" One thing that privacy protects is the ability not to be judged out of context on the basis of isolated snippets of information rather than genuine knowledge , " he said .
So if the law were to catch up to technology , could it actually remedy these situations ?
Rosen believes the law can only act on society 's consensus .
" The law is only good at policing the most extreme invasions and the most outrageous cases , " he said .
" It ca n't take the place of good manners , social norms and etiquette -- the kind of thing that has always governed negotiations about face - to - face behavior .
" We should never expect that the judges are going to save us from our own worst impulses . "
Dota2自动国际象棋各类型属性的介绍每种dota2自动国际象棋的属性是什么？每所学校的约束关系是什么？dota2自动国际象棋有很多学校。每种流派都有自己的特点，有相互制...
2020-09-30 113 属性 , 输出, 麻将房卡模式棋牌平台,免费送金币20元的棋牌,靠谱点的棋牌平台,火星棋牌怎么没有了
Perhaps you 've followed the great armed Goldman - Sachs Banker story here , but if not , a quick recap : first , a Bloomberg columnist wrote an unsourced report alleging that Goldman Sachs bankers in New York were arming up , getting permits to carry handguns in the event of a peasant uprising fuelled by outrage over their government - subsidized profiteering on the econopocalypse 's human misery .
The story had legs , and got widely reported .
Then , a Wall Street Journal reporter filed an article in which New York law enforcement repudiated the armed Goldman Sachs story , saying that there was no record of Goldman Sachs bankers getting NYC carry - permits .
On this basis , the WSJ called the story a myth .
Now , a third salvo : an anonymous tipster writes in with word of a secretive , undocumented parallel handgun permitting system available to the wealthy .
Essentially , a would - be gunslinger just pays a small - town sheriff somewhere in the USA to make him a " reserve " or " honorary " officer .
Now he is entitled to carry all through the USA , without being subject to normal regulations , even as they pertain to ammo , or even carrying guns onto commercial , scheduled airplanes .
The anonymous tipster 's point seems to be , " If you disbelieve the armed Goldman banker story because the NYPD does n't have a record of carry permit applications , then perhaps you should reconsider , because these vampires could be legally arming up without having to go through the NYPD . "
Click through the jump to read the whole story .
Update :
In the comments , Phanatic cites the applicable law and makes a compelling case that this theory is n't true — or that , at least , it 's overstated .
Update 2 : William Gibson writes , " Ran the story past a friend at LAPD .
Smart guy , and usually very clear and accurate on this sort of thing .
His reaction :
' In 2004 , President Bush signed into Federal LAW , the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act , formerly known as HR 218 .
LEOSA does empower full time sworn law enforcement officers to carry in all 50 states .
This law extends to retired law enforcement officers provided certain provisos are met ( i.e. regular qualification ) .
However , with respect to " reserves " and " honorary " titles .
In order for a reserve to qualify under LEOSA , they must undergo the same rigorous training and certification as a full - time sworn officer .
Simply being bestowed a badge and title by some hick Sheriff will not cut it .
You must then be certified by the state by undergoing hundreds of hours of training and required field time .
I highly doubt most of these " gifted " individuals have done so .
On the other hand , it is true that certain wealthy patrons have obtained CCWs by heavily supporting certain regimes .
That is true …
As a matter of fact , any hick sheriff can give out a CCW that is good for his county and state .
However , the CCW holder will not be able to cross state boundaries unless there is a reciprocity agreement with the other states . '
Well , they are the ones who are bogus because they do n't understand how CCWs
( pistol permits ) operate .
Let me give you some insight into CCW in
restrictive places like NYC and California .
The key fact is there are * two *
parallel CCW systems .
There 's the official system , and there is a whole
parallel " stealth " system which I will explain after explaining the official
system .
I hope you will indulge my long email to understand the ugliness of
this particular area of law in the US .
In the ten " may- issue " states , which include NY , CA and 8 others , permits are
handled by a local official , usually the chief of police or the county sheriff .
These officials decide who gets permits , usually based on power , money and
status .
These permits are public records .
When the police chief of NY says , " Goldman Sachs execs are n't getting
permits ! " he means , they are not applying to NYPD for permits .
That 's not a
surprise to me , because the VIP status threshold for permits in NYC ( and LA
and SF ) is very very high , above the status of most corporate executives .
( Note that in NYC , unlike most of the US , a permit is needed to merely possess
a gun , so the chief knows about all those applications .
In California , no
permit is needed to possess , but a permit is needed to carry , and that permit
is highly restricted in urban areas . )
That 's the " official " permit system .
There 's also a little - known parallel permit system in place , which has
substantial advantages over the " official " system .
Permits in this parallel system are not public records .
They may be issued
from other states .
The permits themselves are * fantastic * because they let
the holder possess and carry guns in all 50 states and in DC ( state - issued
permits are much more restricted ) .
They also let the permit holder disregard
a lot of state gun laws ( things like magazine limitations , assault weapons
bans , etc , which are present in California , NY and a few other states ) .
Also ,
permits within this parallel system are available at lower status / dollar
thresholds than within the official systems in places like NYC .
In short , this
parallel , stealth system is the smart way to go , with numerous advantages .
This parallel system is the result of the intersection between the various
" reserve " or " honorary " officer statutes which exist in every state , and a 2004
Federal law called the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act .
It 's often referred
to as the LEOSA , or even more commonly , HR218 .
In fact this parallel system
was ( intentionally or not ) created by HR218 , so it 's necessary to understand
this little - known law to understand the parallel permit system .
HR218 says that a law enforcement officer ( as defined by the statute ) can carry
his gun in all 50 states and in DC , and generally is not bound by nutty state -
level restrictions , like magazine capacity laws , hollow point ammo bans in NJ ,
that kind of thing .
Put HR218 together with all the states that have " reserve " officer programs , and
you have a stealth permit - for - dollars system .
In short , what happens is this : a wealthy New Yorker , with a need to carry a
gun in NY ( and other states , such as when he visits NJ or DC , two places where
permits are impossible ) finds a financially - strapped small - town police
department in some other state , like Alaska for example .
The wealthy New
Yorker buys the town 's PD a new Crown Vic , or makes a donation of some kind .
The police chief then gives the wealthy New Yorker credentials as a " reserve "
officer , which do not have any powers of arrest , or any duties , but do qualify
as a " law enforcement officer " under HR218 .
( Remember , every state has various
" reserve " officer statutes , and many states have no training requirements at all
for those " reserve " officers . )
At that point , the chief is happy to have a new
Crown Vic , and the New Yorker is happy that he has a permit which lets him
possess and carry in every state and exempts him from NY 's asinine
restrictions ( magazine capacity and so on ) .
And it 's all " stealth " : his
reserve officer status is not a public record anywhere .
Given that many people can afford to donate a Crown Vic , but very few people
have the VIP status and " juice " to get an official NYPD carry permit , and given
that a NYPD permit is actually much more restricted than HR218 - carry , you can
imagine that the " official " permits in NY may be just the tip of the iceberg .
The NYPD chief would have * no way * of knowing how many people are ( legally )
owning and carrying pistols in NYC using HR218 .
There is * no * central
registry or database of such information .
" Reserve " officer status is something
which exists only in the private files of the issuing police department , which
may well be a small town in Montana or Alaska or somewhere like that .
I have no idea of the actual scope of these " stealth " HR218 " permits " because
they are , in fact , stealth .
So the NYPD chief 's statements that Goldman Sachs execs are n't getting gun
permits is baseless and probably incorrect .
There are a few other neato aspects of these HR218 permits .
Because these
people are " officers " they can also get letters , on department letterhead ,
authorizing even cooler things .
Want to carry a machine pistol ( like a Glock
18 or mini- Uzi ) in NYC ?
If you can get officer status , and the right letter of
authorization , from a police chief in a small town in a rural state , you
probably can do it legally .
Want to carry your piece * on commercial flights *?
Again , get an " armed 24×7 " letter from a small - town police chief , and you can
carry your pistol onto commercial flights .
I have no idea how common these
practices may or may not be , but the legal framework is in place and it's a
win - win for both parties involved .
Here in California we have a big problem with sheriffs such as Sheriff Baca
operating extremely corrupt , financially - motivated CCW programs , and so some
Californians have explored the idea of bypassing California 's CCW law using
HR218 , and have posted a lot more research about this legal framework .
They
also want to bypass California 's weird handgun restrictions ( " not unsafe "
handgun roster and magazine limitations ) .
Here is the discussion thread .
Marcus Walters
Speaking of family - friendly workplace policies ( as we were last week ) , I have written an essay for the Magazine this weekend about women in the recession , and one of the things I explore is how such policies are being cut and eliminated just when many workers need them most .
The American Society of Human Resource Managers found that while the number of companies offering things like flextime , part - time and telecommuting schedules had been increasing steadily leading up to the down - turn , the latest measure showed a drop of five percent .
But there are some exceptions to that trend — places where the commitment to flexibility is actually increasing .
Cali Ressler and Jody Thompson are among those leading the push - back .
The duo first made a name for themselves building what they call a Results Only Work Environment , or ROWE , at Best Buy ’s headquarters in Minneapolis .
The way ROWE works is simple , yet it goes many steps beyond the more common flexibility options , which may tweak the workplace , but do n’t overhaul it .
ROWE , its creators say , allows all employees to “ work wherever they want whenever they want , as long as the work gets done . ”
So at Best Buy , 80 percent of the corporate staff gets to come and go as they please .
One runs meetings by teleconference from his cabin near a lake ; another does much of his work electronically while following his favorite rock band around the country .
Workers arrive “ late ” and leave “ early , ” with no judgment or need to explain , because there is no “ late ” or “ early ” under ROWE , and productivity is n’t judged by how many hours someone puts in the chair but rather the quality and quantity of their work .
Ressler and Thompson left Best Buy just before the recession began , to write a book entitled “ Why Work Sucks and How to Fix It , ” and to create their own company , Culture Rx , which aims to bring ROWE to workplaces everywhere .
Their services are not cheap , however , and because one of their two key selling points is that turnover rates drop as employees are given more control over their work schedules , it seemed it might be a tough sell when corporate budgets were tightening .
( In fact , I spent months following the team during the spring and summer of 2008 , expecting I would write a magazine article about their work , but the piece was dropped by the fall of that year , because talk of employee retention seemed like a relic of the old economy . )
Their other key point , however , is that employee - driven work is good for productivity ; people do more and better work when they are given the latitude to decide how and when to do it .
And in an era when staffs are being trimmed , and those who remain are being asked to do more with less , that argument is having traction .
Flexibility is also something that employers can give to their workers at a time when more traditional rewards — like a raise — are problematic .
Perhaps because of these reasons , business at CultureRx is picking up .
The Gap Outlet , a division of Gap , Inc. announced last month that the 137 employees at corporate headquarters in San Francisco have “ migrated ” to ROWE .
And the City of Minneapolis has begun a pilot program to bring the philosophy to companies along the overcrowded 35 W corridor , with the goal of reducing commuter traffic congestion ( if you can work wherever you want , whenever you want , you are not necessarily going to be clocking in at the office from 9:00 to 5:00 . )
These are glimmers , yes , but they are welcome ones — signs that the recession has not destroyed a decade of progress .
You can read my entire essay here , then come back and join the conversation about whether flexible work is a contradiction in a down economy ( and also about the larger subject of the essay , which is why the downturn has been somehow “ good ” for women at the expense of men ) .
Howard Dean , the former governor of Vermont , was the darling of the 2004 campaign , an Internet - savvy breath of fresh air who energized Democrats , before the Iowa caucuses -- and a screaming rant during his concession speech -- slowed his momentum .
And in 2008 , during the historic campaign that elected the first African American president , Dean was chairman of the Democratic National Committee that helped elect a Democratic House and Senate and gave President Obama a solid chance at enacting his agenda .
So you kind of wondered why Dean got no offer to join the new administration .
Even after Tom Daschle had to withdraw his nomination as secretary of Health and Human Services , the White House continued to shun the Vermont physician - turned - politician .
Now we know why .
As Congress moves toward passing a healthcare reform bill , Dean took to the airwaves last night and slammed the bill , calling it " a terrible disappointment " and saying no liberal " in good conscience " could vote for the legislation because " it costs too much money and it's not healthcare reform , it 's not even insurance reform . "
As MSNBC 's Savannah Guthrie reported this morning , the White House is angry at Dean 's outburst , arguing that Democrats should not make the perfect the enemy of the good .
But Dean does speak for a cohort of liberals deeply suspicious about a bill that includes no public option .
Your thoughts ?
-- Johanna Neuman
Photo Credit : Associated Press
Click here for round - the - clock Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item every day .
Or follow us @latimestot .
We 're also over here on Facebook .
And our new Facebook Fan page is here .
While “ Software to discover equations and mathematical relationships in data ” is n’t at the top of our christmas wish list , we have to admit that Eureqa is pretty cool .
Developed at Cornell University , Eureqa uses machine learning algorithms to determine the underlying math behind data sets .
It derived Newton ’s second law of motion in a few hours on a standard desktop computer , which is n’t bad at all for a cold unfeeling robot mind .
There probably are n’t many applications for this in most hacks , but what hacker would n’t want Sir Issac Newton ’s brain in their toolbox ?
The software can be downloaded for free from their website .
[ Via Wired ]
Why has n’t a group of disgruntled Harvard alumni circulated a statement itemizing the damage that Larry Summers wrought as president of the University ?
Yeah , I know , it would be divisive , grown - ups are discouraged from raising uncomfortable questions , or worse , demanding accountability of leaders .
But Summers did a great deal of damage to Harvard , and has a less than operational moral compass ..
He clearly aspires to have another big job in DC , like the Fed chair , so it is important to shine a harsh light on his abject performance ( and that ’s before we get to the biggest issue , that he is a long - standing protege of Bob Rubin , who still seems to wield considerable influence ) .
From the New York Times :
Tags
[ This article is based on a speech delivered at Mises University 2009 ( July 30 , 2009 ; audio ; video ) . ]
Most libertarians find some areas of libertarian theory more interesting than others .
My own passion has always been rights theory and related areas , such as the theory of contracts , causation , and punishment . [ 1 ]
Intellectual property ( IP ) , which has garnered greater attention in recent years , was never my strongest interest , even though I have specialized in this field in my legal practice for more than 16 years .
But I 've ended up writing a great deal on it from a libertarian perspective anyway .
One reason for this is that there are not many libertarian patent attorneys .
Commentary by those familiar with IP law is usually devoid of libertarian principle .
Most IP experts are , unsurprisingly , proponents of the status quo , just as government school teachers tend to favor government schooling and astronauts cheer NASA .
And libertarian discussions of IP often confuse the details of the law under debate .
In fact , it 's common for libertarians to conflate trademark , copyright , and patent ( Murray Rothbard talked about a copyright on a mousetrap , [ 2 ] which is an invention and therefore the subject of patents ) .
Another reason is that from the beginning , the IP issue nagged at me .
I was never satisfied with Ayn Rand 's justification for it .
Her argument is a bizarre mixture of utilitarianism with overwrought deification of " the creator " — not the Creator up there , but Man , The Creator , who has a property right in what He Creates .
Her proof that patents and copyrights are property rights is lacking . [ 3 ]
So , I kept trying to find a better justification for IP , and this search continued after I started practicing patent law .
Many libertarians abandon minarchy in favor of anarchy when they realize that even a minarchist government is unlibertarian .
That was my experience .
And it was like this for me also with IP .
I came to see that the reason I had been unable to find a way to justify IP was because it is , in fact , unlibertarian .
Perhaps this would have been obvious if Congress had not enacted patent and copyright statutes long ago , making them part and parcel of America 's " free - market " legal system — and if early libertarians like Rand had not so vigorously championed such rights .
But libertarianism 's initial presumption should have been that IP is invalid , not the other way around .
After all , we libertarians already realize that " intellectual " rights , such as the right to a reputation protected by defamation law , are illegitimate .
[ 4 ]
Why , then , would we presume that other laws , protecting intangible , intellectual rights , are valid — especially artificial rights that are solely the product of legislation , i.e. , decrees of the fake - law - generating wing of a criminal state ?
But IP is widely seen as basically legitimate .
Sure , there have always been criticisms of existing IP laws and policies .
You can point to hundreds of obviously ridiculous patents , and hundreds of obviously outrageous abuses .
There are absurd patents on ways of swinging on a swing , faster - than - light communications , and one - click purchasing ; there are $ 100 million - and billion - dollar patent - lawsuit awards ; there are millions of dollars in copyright liability imposed on consumers for sharing a few songs .
Books are even banned — quite literally — in the name of copyright . [ 5 ]
The terms of patents ( about 17 years ) , and especially copyrights ( which expire 70 years after the author 's death , or 95 years in the case of works made for hire ) , are ridiculously long , and Congress keeps extending them at the behest of Mickey Mouse ( a.k.a. , the Disney company ) .
Copyright is now received automatically , whether you want it or not , and is hard to get rid of . [ 6 ]
The patent office is an inefficient government bureaucracy ; and the patent laws are arbitrary , ambiguous , and vague ( generating more work for me — thanks ) . [ 7 ]
So there are plenty of reasons to oppose the current IP system .
There are many calls for " reform " of IP law , just as there are always calls for reform of the tax code , welfare , public education , and the way we are fighting the current war .
But I became opposed not just to ridiculous patents and outrageous IP lawsuits , but to patent and copyright per se , root and branch .
IP laws should be abolished , not reformed , just like the Americans with Disabilities Act and the tax code .
Why , exactly , is this ?
What is the libertarian case against IP ? [ 8 ]
To answer this question requires a clear , coherent understanding of libertarian principles .
I thus take a brief detour here to sketch out the libertarian framework .
The Libertarian Framework
What is the essence of our libertarianism ? [ 9 ]
It is said that libertarianism is about individual rights ; property rights ; [ 10 ] the free market ; capitalism ; freedom ; liberty ; justice ; and the nonaggression principle or axiom .
But capitalism and the free market describe the market conditions that arise or are permitted in a libertarian society , not all aspects of libertarianism .
" There are many calls for ' reform ' of IP law , just as there are always calls for reform of the tax code , welfare , public education , and the way we are fighting the current war . "
What about individual rights , justice , and freedom from aggression ?
Well , in my view , these are all derivative — they are defined in terms of property rights .
As Rothbard explained , all rights are property rights . [ 11 ]
And justice is just giving someone his due , which depends on what his ( property ) rights are . [ 12 ]
Likewise , freedom and liberty also depend on rights , since one ought to have liberty or freedom to do that which is rightful .
The nonaggression principle itself is also dependent on property rights .
If you hit me , it is aggression because I have a property right in my body .
If I take from you the apple you possess , this is trespass , aggression , only because you own the apple ; if it is my apple , it is not trespass .
In other words , to identify an act of aggression is implicitly to assign a corresponding property right to the victim .
( This is , incidentally , one reason why it is better to refer to the nonaggression principle instead of the nonaggression axiom — because property rights are more basic than freedom from aggression . )
So we have property rights left .
But mere " belief in property rights " does not explain what is unique about the libertarian philosophy .
This is because a property right is the exclusive right to control a scarce resource ; [ 13 ] property rights just specify who owns , who has the right to control , scarce resources .
No political system is agnostic on the question of who owns resources .
To the contrary — any given system of property rights assigns a particular owner to every scarce resource . [ 14 ]
None of the various forms of socialism , for example , denies property rights ; each socialist system will specify an owner for every scarce resource .
If the state nationalizes an industry , it is asserting ownership of these means of production .
If the state taxes you , it is implicitly asserting ownership of the funds taken .
If my land is transferred to a private developer by eminent domain , the developer is now the owner .
If the law allows a recipient of racial discrimination to sue his employer for a sum of money , the plaintiff acquires ownership of the money .
Even a private thief who steals something of yours is implicitly acting on the maxim that he has the right to control it — that he is its owner .
He does n't deny property rights ; he simply differs from the libertarian as to who the owner is .
In fact , as Adam Smith observed , " If there is any society among robbers and murderers , they must at least , according to the trite observation , abstain from robbing and murdering one another . " [ 15 ]
Thus , protection of and respect for property rights is not unique to libertarianism .
What is distinctive about libertarianism is its particular property - assignment rules — its view as to who is the owner of each contestable resource , and how to determine this .
So the question is , what are the libertarian property - assignment rules that distinguish our philosophy from others ?
Property in Bodies
There are two types of scarce resources : human bodies , and external resources found in nature . [ 16 ]
Let us first consider the property assignment rules for bodies .
Of course one 's own body is a scarce resource .
As Hans - Hermann
Hoppe has explained , even in a paradise with a superabundance of goods ,
every person 's physical body would still be a scarce resource and thus the need for the establishment of property rules , i.e. , rules regarding people 's bodies , would exist .
One is not used to thinking of one 's own body in terms of a scarce good , but in imagining the most ideal situation one could ever hope for , the Garden of Eden , it becomes possible to realize that one 's body is indeed the prototype of a scarce good for the use of which property rights , i.e. , rights of exclusive ownership , somehow have to be established , in order to avoid clashes . [ 17 ]
In other words , every person has , controls , and is identified and associated with a unique human body , which is a scarce resource .
" Thus , protection of and respect for property rights is not unique to libertarianism . "
The libertarian view is that each person completely owns his own body — at least initially , until something changes this , such as if he commits some crime by which he forfeits or loses some of his rights . [ 18 ]
Now some say that the idea of self - ownership makes no sense .
You are yourself ; how can you own yourself ?
But this is just silly wordplay .
To own means to have the right to control .
If A wants to have sex with B's body , whose decision is it ?
Who has the right to control B's body ?
A , or B ?
If it is A , then A owns B's body ; A has the right to control it , as a master to a slave .
But if it is B who has the right to decide , then B owns her own body : she is a self - owner .
And of course , self - ownership is what is implied in the nonaggression principle .
Ayn Rand famously said , " So long as men desire to live together , no man may initiate . …
No man may start — the use of physical force against others . " [ 19 ]
To initiate force means to invade the borders of someone 's body , to use her body without permission or consent . [ 20 ]
But this presupposes that that person has the right to control her body : otherwise her permission would not be needed , and it would not be aggression to invade or use his body without his consent .
So the libertarian property - assignment rule for bodies is that each person owns his own body .
Implicit in the idea of self - ownership is the belief that each person has a better claim to the body that he or she directly controls and inhabits than do others .
I have a better claim to the right to control my body than you do , because it is my body ; I have a unique link and connection to my body that others do not , and that is prior to the claim of any other person .
Anyone other than the original occupant of a body is a latecomer with respect to the original occupant .
Your claim to my body is inferior in part because I had it first .
The person claiming your body can hardly object to the significance of what Hoppe calls the " prior - later " distinction , since he adopts this very rule with respect to his own body — he has to presuppose ownership of his own body in order to claim ownership of yours . [ 21 ]
The self - ownership rule may seem obvious , but it is held only by libertarians .
Nonlibertarians do not believe in complete self - ownership .
Sure , they usually grant that each person has some rights in his own body , but they believe each person is partially owned by some other person or entity — usually the state or society .
Libertarians are the only ones who really oppose slavery , in a principled way .
Nonlibertarians are in favor of at least partial slavery .
This slavery is implicit in state actions and laws such as taxation , conscription , and drug prohibitions .
The libertarian says that each person is the full owner of his body : he has the right to control his body , to decide whether or not he ingests narcotics , works for less than minimum wage , pays taxes , joins an army , and so on .
But those who believe in such laws believe that the state is at least a partial owner of the body of those subject to such laws .
They do n't like to say they believe in slavery , but they do .
The modern left - liberal wants tax evaders put in jail ( enslaved ) .
The modern conservative wants marijuana users enslaved .
Property in External Things
In addition to human bodies , scarce resources include external objects .
Unlike human bodies , however , external things were initially unowned . [ 22 ]
The libertarian view with respect to such external resources is very simple : the owner of a given scarce resource is the person who first homesteaded it — or someone who can trace his title contractually back to the homesteader .
" Your claim to my body is inferior in part because I had it first . "
This person has a better claim than anyone else who wants the object .
Everyone else is a latecomer with respect to the first possessor .
( Note that we are here speaking of scarce resources — material objects — not infinitely reproducible things such as ideas , patterns , and information . )
This latecomer rule is actually implied in the very idea of owning property .
If the earlier possessor of property did not have a better claim than some second person who wants to take the property from him , then why does the second person have a better claim than a third person who comes later still ( or than the first owner who tries to take it back ) ?
To deny the crucial significance of the prior - later distinction is to deny property rights altogether .
Every nonlibertarian view is thus incoherent , because it presupposes the prior - later distinction when it assigns ownership to a given person ( because it says that person has a better claim than latecoming claimants ) ; while it acts contrary to this principle whenever it takes property from the original homesteader and assigns it to some latecomer . [ 23 ]
But what is relevant for our purposes here is the libertarian position , not the incoherence of competing views .
In sum , the libertarian position on property rights in external objects is that , in any dispute or contest over any particular scarce resource , the original homesteader — the person who appropriated the resource from its unowned status , by embordering or transforming it [ 24 ] ( or his contractual transferee ) — has a better claim than latecomers , those who did not appropriate the scarce resource .
Libertarianism on IP
Now , back to IP .
Given the libertarian understanding of property rights , it is clear that the institutions of patent and copyright are simply indefensible .
Copyrights pertain to " original works , " such as books , articles , movies , and computer programs .
They are grants by the state that permit the copyright holder to prevent others from using their own property — e.g. , ink and paper — in certain ways .
Patents grant rights in " inventions " — useful machines or processes .
They are grants by the state that permit the patentee to use the state 's court system to prohibit others from using their own property in certain ways — from reconfiguring their property according to a certain pattern or design described in the patent , or from using their property ( including their own bodies ) in a certain sequence of steps described in the patent .
In both cases , the state is assigning to A a right to control B's property : A can tell B not to do certain things with it .
Since ownership is the right to control , IP grants to A co-ownership of B's property .
This clearly cannot be justified under libertarian principles .
B already owns his property .
With respect to him , A is a latecomer .
B is the one who appropriated the property , not A .
It is too late for A to homestead B's property — B already did that .
The resource is no longer unowned .
Granting A ownership rights in B's property is quite obviously incompatible with basic libertarian principles .
It is nothing more than redistribution of wealth .
IP is unlibertarian and unjustified .
Utilitarianism
Why , then , is this a contested issue ?
Why do some libertarians still believe in IP rights ?
One reason is that they approach libertarianism from a utilitarian perspective instead of a principled one .
They favor laws that increase general utility , or wealth .
And they believe the state 's propaganda that state - granted IP rights actually do increase general wealth .
The utilitarian perspective itself is bad enough , because all sorts of terrible policies could be justified this way : why not take half of Bill Gates 's fortune and give it to the poor ?
Would n't the total welfare gains to the thousands of recipients be greater than Gates 's reduced utility ?
After all , he would still be a billionaire afterwards .
And if a man is extremely desperate for sex , could n't his gain be greater than the loss suffered by his rape victim , say , if she 's a prostitute ?
But even if we ignore the ethical and other problems with the utilitarian or wealth - maximization approach , what is bizarre is that utilitarian libertarians are in favor of IP when they have not demonstrated that IP does increase overall wealth .
They merely assume that it does and then base their policy views on this assumption .
It is beyond dispute that the IP system imposes significant costs , in monetary terms alone , not to mention its costs in terms of liberty .
The usual argument , that the incentive provided by IP law stimulates additional innovation and creativity , has not even been proven .
It is entirely possible ( even likely , in my view ) that the IP system not only imposes many billions of dollars of costs on society but actually impedes innovation , adding damage to damage .
But even if we assume that the IP system does stimulate some additional , valuable innovation , no one has established that the value of the purported gains is greater than the costs .
If you ask advocates of IP how they know there is a net gain , you get silence ( this is especially true of patent attorneys ) .
They cannot point to any study to support their utilitarian contention ; they usually just point to Article 1 , Section 8 of the Constitution , as if the backroom dealings of politicians two centuries ago were some sort of evidence .
" Utilitarian libertarians are in favor of IP when they have not demonstrated that IP does increase overall wealth . "
In fact , as far as I 've been able to tell , virtually every study that attempts to tally the costs and benefits of copyright or patent law concludes either that these schemes cost more than they are worth , or that they actually reduce innovation , or that the research is inconclusive .
There are no studies showing a net gain . [ 25 ]
There are only repetitions of state propaganda .
Given the available evidence , anyone who accepts utilitarianism should be opposed to IP .
Libertarian Creationism
Another reason why many libertarians favor IP is their confusion about the origin of property and property rights .
They accept the careless observation that you can come to own things in three ways : through homesteading an unowned thing , by contractual exchange , and by creation .
The mistake is the notion that creation is an independent source of ownership , independent from homesteading and contracting .
Yet it is easy to see that it is not , that " creation " is neither necessary nor sufficient as a source of ownership .
If you carve a statue using your own hunk of marble , you own the resulting creation because you already owned the marble .
You owned it before , and you own it now .
And if you homestead an unowned resource , such as a field , by using it and thereby establishing publicly visible borders , you own it because this first use and embordering gives you a better claim than latecomers .
So creation is not necessary .
But suppose you carve a statue in someone else 's marble , either without permission , or with permission , such as when an employee works with his employer 's marble by contract .
You do not own the resulting statue , even though you " created " it .
If you are using marble stolen from another person , your vandalizing it does not take away the owner 's claims to it .
And if you are working on your employer 's marble , he owns the resulting statue .
So creation is not sufficient .
This is not to deny the importance of knowledge , or creation and innovation .
Action , in addition to employing scarce owned means , may also be informed by technical knowledge of causal laws or other practical information .
To be sure , creation is an important means of increasing wealth .
As Hoppe has observed ,
One can acquire and increase wealth either through homesteading , production and contractual exchange , or by expropriating and exploiting homesteaders , producers , or contractual exchangers .
There are no other ways . [ 26 ]
While production or creation may be a means of gaining " wealth , " it is not an independent source of ownership or rights .
Production is not the creation of new matter ; it is the transformation of things from one form to another — the transformation of things someone already owns , either the producer or someone else .
Using your labor and creativity to transform your property into more valuable finished products gives you greater wealth , but not additional property rights .
( If you transform someone else 's property , he owns the resulting transformed thing , even if it is now more valuable . )
So the idea that you own anything you create is a confused one that does not justify IP .
The Contractual Approach
Many libertarians also argue as if some form of copyright or possibly patent could be created by contractual tricks — for example , by selling a patterned medium ( book , CD , etc. ) or useful machine to a buyer on the condition that it not be copied .
For example , Brown sells an innovative mousetrap to Green on the condition that Green not reproduce it . [ 27 ]
For such contractual IP to emulate statutory IP , however , it has to bind not only seller and buyer , but all third parties .
The contract between buyer and seller cannot do this — it binds only the buyer and seller .
In the example given above , even if Green agrees not to copy Brown 's mousetrap , Black has no agreement with Brown .
Brown has no contractual right to prevent Black from using Black 's own property in accordance with whatever knowledge or information Black has .
Now if Green were to sell Brown 's watch to Black without Brown 's permission , most libertarians would say that Brown still owns the watch and could take it from Black .
Why does n't a similar logic apply in the case of the mousetrap design ?
The difference is that the watch is a scarce resource that has an owner , while the mousetrap design is merely information , which is not a type of thing that can be owned .
The watch is a scarce resource still owned by Brown .
Black needs Brown 's consent to use it .
But in the mousetrap case , Black merely learns how to make a mousetrap .
He uses this information to make a mousetrap , by means of his own body and property .
He does n't need Brown 's permission , simply because he is not using Brown 's property .
The IP advocate thus has to say that Brown owns the information about how his mousetrap is configured .
This move is question begging , however , since it asserts what is to be shown : that there are intellectual property rights .
If Black does not return Green 's watch , Green is without his watch , precisely because the watch is a scarce good .
But Black 's knowing how to make a mousetrap does not take away Green 's own mousetrap - making knowledge , highlighting the nonscarce nature of information or patterns .
In short , Brown may retake his property from Black but has no right to prevent Black from using information to guide his actions .
Thus , the contract approach fails as well . [ 28 ]
IP , Legislation , and Statism
A final problem with IP remains : patent and copyright are statutory schemes , schemes that can be constructed only by legislation , and therefore have always been constructed by legislation .
A patent or copyright code could no more arise in the decentralized , case - based legal system of a free society than could the Americans with Disabilities Act.
IP requires both a legislature , and a state .
For libertarians who reject the legitimacy of the state , [ 29 ] or legislated law , this is yet another defect of IP , and a conclusive one .
This article targets Rails 2.3 Rails 3
The information contained in this page might not apply to different versions .
This is article is part of my series Understanding Ruby and Rails .
Please see the table of contents for the series to view the list of all posts .
Last time I talked about the ActiveSupport Module # delegate method .
Today , I want to introduce an other poweful ActiveSupport module : Rescuable , also known in the Rails ecosystem as rescue_from .
rescue_from and Rails
Starting from the release 2.0 , Rails provides a clean way to rescue exceptions in a controller , mapping specific error classes to corresponding handlers .
Let 's see an example .
A call to ActiveRecord #find raises an ActiveRecord : : RecordNotFound exception when the record passed as parameter does n't exist .
Assuming you want to display a nice 404 error page , you need to rescue the exception in each action where a find call is performed .
class PostsController < ApplicationController def show @post =
Post . find ( params [ : id ] ) rescue ActiveRecord :: RecordNotFound render_404 end def edit @post =
Post . find ( params [ : id ] ) rescue ActiveRecord :: RecordNotFound render_404 end def destroy @post =
Post . find ( params [ : id ] ) @post .
destroy rescue ActiveRecord :: RecordNotFound render_404 end end class UserController < ApplicationController def show @user = User . find ( params [ : id ] ) rescue ActiveRecord :: RecordNotFound render_404 end # ... end
As you can see , this approach leads to lot of code duplication if you count the number of find calls for each action per model .
The rescue_from method is exactly the solution we are looking for .
Instead of catching the exception at action - level , we instruct the controller to rescue all the ActiveRecord : : RecordNotFound errors and forward the exception to the proper handler .
class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base rescue_from ActiveRecord :: RecordNotFound , : with => : render_404 end class PostsController < ApplicationController def show @post =
Post . find ( params [ : id ] ) end def edit @post =
Post . find ( params [ : id ] ) end def destroy @post =
Post .
find ( params [ : id ] ) @post .
destroy end end class UserController < ApplicationController def show @user = User . find ( params [ : id ] ) end # ... end
The rescue_from method also accepts a block or a Proc .
And if you need , you can also selectively rescue exceptions according to the error message or other properties .
rescue_from and Ruby
The rescue_from was born as a Rails feature but because it's packaged in the ActiveSupport :: Rescuable module , you can easily reuse it elsewhere in your code to take advantage of the same clean and concise exception handling mechanism .
All you have to do is to require ActiveSupport library and include the ActiveSupport :: Rescuable module in your class .
If you are in a Rails project , ActiveSupport is already loaded .
Then , add a rescue block and use the rescue_with_handler method to filter any error raised by the application .
class MyClass include ActiveSupport :: Rescuable def method # ... rescue Exception => exception rescue_with_handler ( exception ) || raise end end
The following is a simplified example extracted from RoboDomain .
The Queue :: Jobs : : Base is the base class for all DelayedJob jobs .
Each child class implements the perform method , as requested by DelayedJob .
However , the base class provides an internal method called execute which wraps all executions and rescues from some known errors to prevent DelayedJob to re-schedule the failed task .
class Queue :: Jobs :: Base include ActiveSupport :: Rescuable rescue_from ActiveRecord :: RecordNotFound , : with => : known_error protected def execute ( & block ) yield rescue Exception => exception rescue_with_handler ( exception ) || raise end def known_error ( exception ) @error = exception Rails .
logger .
error " [ JOBS ]
Exception #{ exception .
class } : #{ exception .
message } " end end class Queue :: Jobs :: FetchWhois < Queue :: Jobs :: Base rescue_from Hostname :: NotLikeDomain , : with => : known_error # ActiveRecord :: RecordNotFound already defined in parent class def initialize ( hostname_id ) @hostname_id = hostname_id end def perform execute do hostname = Hostname . find ( @hostname_id ) end end end
As you can see , using the ActiveSupport : : Rescuable module I do n't need to clutter my code with multiple begin / rescue / raise statements .
A word of warning
A new object with an age of thousands of millions of years and a mass of one tenth of the Sun , placing it at the frontier between low - mass stars and brown dwarfs , has been discovered as the furthest of its class in Milky Way .
Nicknamed ULAS1350 , this subdwarf could become on of the key element to improve our knowledge on the first steps of the formation of our Galaxy .
The team of European astronomers responsible for the discovery , composed of members of the Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias ( IAC ) and Centro de Astrobiología ( CAB ) needed only 35 minutes to analyse the source with the Gran Telescopio CANARIAS ( GTC ) , located at the Observatory del Roque de Los Muchachos on the island of La Palma .
This new discovery , published in the Astrophysical Journal , constitutes the first scientific refereed publication using data obtained with the largest optical - infrared telescope in the world .
ULAS1350 has been classified as a subdwarf of type L and is the fifth of its class to be discovered to date and the first one confirmed by the GTC .
These objects represent ideal candidates to search for extrasolar planets due to their small size and low mass , both closer to a giant planet than a solar - type star .
" We concentrated our efforts on this class of old stars , not only because they are only four known to date but also because they are key objects to understand the formation of the Milky Way , " says Nicolas Lodieu , lead author of the study .
The stellar relic is located at a distance of 300 to 550 light years from the Sun , hundreds of light years further than its four counterparts .
The most important features of this object could be observed at optical wavelengths thanks to the OSIRIS spectrograph currently installed on the GTC .
" Its metal content may be as low as one tenth of the solar abundance , " says Lodieu who adds that " we were also able to confirm its low luminosity and estimate its temperature between 1000 and 2000 degrees centigrade . "
This cold star , whose temperature is up to five times lower than the surface of the Sun , was identified in the Large Area Survey of the UKIDSS ( UKIRT Infrared Deep Sky Survey ) catalogue , a large scale survey conducted in the near - infrared with the 3.8 - m telescope located on the summit of the island of Hawaii .
The relative dearth of metallic elements in the atmosphere of ULAS1350 compared to the Sun was confirmed with the help of complementary wide - field optical survey , the Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
" We expect to identify new candidates thanks to the larger coverage that UKIDSS will provide in the coming years and open new prospects to characterise this type of objects with the availability of the GTC , " points out the scientist .
According to the researchers , the existence of stars like ULAS1350 in the solar neighbourhood is " exotic and extremely rare . "
This discovery required the inspection of hundreds of millions of sources in various astronomical data bases .
This study was made possible thanks to the Virtual Observatory , an international initiative coordinated within Spain by the Centro de Astrobiologia , whose main objective is offer efficient access and analysis to large volumes of astronomical datasets .
The team who made this discovery is composed of Nicolas Lodieu from the Astrofisica de Canarias ( Tenerife , Spain ) and María Rosa Zapatero Osorio , Eduardo Martín , Enrique Solano , and Miriam Aberasturi from the Centro de Astrobiología ( CSIC - INTA ; Madrid , Spain ) .
A Palestinian labourer works at a construction site in Gilo , a Jewish settlement on land Israel captured in 1967 and annexed to its Jerusalem municipality , November 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Baz Ratner
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama put fresh pressure on Israel on Wednesday to curb its settlement projects , saying continued building could lead to a dangerous situation with embittered Palestinians .
“ I think that additional settlement building does not contribute to Israel ’s security , I think it makes it harder for them to make peace with their neighbors , ” Obama told Fox News .
“ I think it embitters the Palestinians in a way that could end up being very dangerous . ”
Obama has made achieving peace between Israelis and Palestinians a top priority among a long list of foreign policy goals , but progress in restarting talks between the two sides has been scant .
On Tuesday the White House said it was dismayed over Israeli approval to expand the Gilo settlement in Jerusalem .
Israel approved the building of 900 homes for Jews on West Bank land it occupied in the 1967 Arab - Israeli war and annexed to its Jerusalem municipality .
Obama has urged Israel to curb settlement expansion as a gesture of goodwill to Palestinians .
“ The situation in the Middle East is very difficult , and I ’ve said repeatedly and I ’ll say again , Israel ’s security is a vital national interest to the United States , and we will make sure they are secure , ” Obama , who is traveling in Asia , told Fox News in an interview .
[ The following is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
Ever get a ringing in your ears after a loud blast of music on your iPod ?
That ’s one example of the usually temporary condition called tinnitus , the sensation of sound even when no sound is being produced .
But a new invention — created by high school students — may help .
The cochlea in the ear converts sound waves to electrical impulses that the brain processes as sound .
Thousands of tiny hairs in the cochlea bend when exposed to the original sound vibrations .
But those hairs can get stuck in a bent position .
Which is why we hear the sound even when it ’s gone .
Two young women in Ireland were studying the problem in physics class .
They thought that a low hum might straighten out those bent cochlear hairs .
So they developed a minute - long therapy using the hum and tested it on 250 subjects .
Ninety - nine percent of the tinnitus sufferers said the treatment got rid of the disturbing phantom sound .
The two 18 - year - olds and their physics teacher have now launched a company called Restored Hearing .
Good news for the iPod generation from two of their own , who fought fire with fire .
Or rather , sound with sound .
— Cynthia Graber
Three Republican lawmakers have asked the Department of Homeland Security what can be done to bar or criminally penalize whistleblower sites that reposted a sensitive airport - screening manual that was published on the internet by a government worker .
They also asked about enacting regulations that would bar such publication in the future .
The congressmen are outraged that sites like Cryptome and Wikileaks republished the manual after it was posted online by a government contractor working for the Transportation Security Administration .
The manual was posted last March on a government procurement site and was discovered Sunday by a blogger .
In their letter to Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano ( .pdf ) on Wednesday , Reps. Peter T. King ( R - New York ) , Charles Dent ( R - Pennsylvania ) and Gus Bilirakis ( R - Florida ) asked , " How has the Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Administration addressed the repeated reposting of this security manual to other websites , and what legal action , if any , can be taken to compel its removal ? "
They also asked if DHS is " considering issuing new regulations pursuant to its authority in Section 114 of Title 49 , United States Code , and are criminal penalties necessary or desirable to ensure such information is not reposted in the future ? "
The letter from the congressmen was first posted by Secrecy News .
The TSA manual was not classified but was designated Sensitive Security Information , or SSI .
Parts of the TSA manual were redacted , but the redaction was bungled and allowed anyone to easily uncover the concealed information .
But even the unredacted parts of the document were never meant to be seen by the public .
The Screening Management Standard Operating Procedure contained this warning : " No part of this record may be disclosed to persons without a ' need to know . ' "
Even if the manual had been classified , the United States does not have a law prohibiting the publication of classified information , although the government has threatened on occasion to use espionage laws to prosecute journalists for publishing such information .
The 93 - page manual provided details about which passengers are more likely to be targeted for secondary screening at airports , who is exempt from screening , TSA procedures for screening foreign dignitaries and CIA - escorted passengers , and extensive instructions for calibrating metal detectors and screening for traces of explosive materials .
It revealed the limitations of screening equipment to detect certain types of electrical wire and other potential bomb - making materials and provided details about what objects — such as wheelchairs and prosthetic limbs — are exempt from screening .
The manual also provided sample images of sensitive identification cards for DHS and CIA personnel as well as congressional representatives .
And it disclosed that passengers carrying passports from Cuba , Iran , North Korea , Libya , Syria , Sudan , Afghanistan , Lebanon , Somalia , Iraq , Yemen or Algeria are to be designated for selective screening .
The manual was removed from the government site on Sunday , but not before someone had grabbed a copy of it and submitted it to Cryptome .
Numerous copies have subsequently appeared on other sites , including Wikileaks – whose servers are located around the globe .
The three congressmen , who are members of the House Homeland Security Committee , wrote in their letter that the release of the information had security implications that went beyond aviation security .
" TSA screeners and equipment were utilized by the Secret Service frequently during the 2004 and 2008 presidential campaigns to augment Service Personnel and continue to be used by the Secret Service at National Special Security Events , " they wrote .
In case terrorists did n't fully comprehend the point they were trying to make , the congressmen added that the leak of the document " could prove to have disastrous consequences for the security of President Obama . "
Five TSA workers were put on leave this week pending an investigation into TSA 's redaction procedures and the publication of the manual on the government site .
Photo :
File photo shows unidentified passenger at an airport X - ray security scanner with TSA officer Tim Engelby in Phoenix .
Elaine Thompson / AP
See Also :
A San Francisco police officer who reported using force more often than any other officer in the department during a recent nine - year period is at the center of four incidents in the last nine months in which citizens say they were subjected to excessive force .
In one incident , a young man who told Officer Jesse Serna he would be making a complaint against him said that moments later he was thrown to the ground by officers in North Beach and was zapped 12 times with a stun gun as he lay handcuffed on the street .
In another North Beach incident , a man said Serna hit him twice with his baton after he told police they were using force on someone who had been the victim of an assault .
In a third case , on the Embarcadero , witnesses said Serna and a partner wrestled to the ground a man who had called out that he would be a witness for another man whom Serna had hit while he was arresting him .
Serna said in his police report that he went on to pepper - spray the would - be witness ' wife and another woman .
In these cases , citizens said Serna had exhibited racial prejudice .
In a fourth case , a woman alleged that Serna used a sexual slur against her after she had joked with him and other officers about fearing what they would do to her if she tried to cross the street .
Two of these cases have resulted in lawsuits , and a third has raised the possibility of one .
Since he joined the department , Serna has been involved in three lawsuits alleging excessive force that cost taxpayers a total of $ 195,000 .
Sixteen months ago , The Chronicle published a series of articles on the San Francisco Police Department 's use of force .
For that series , the newspaper created a database of officers ' 1996 - 2004 force reports and identified Serna as by far the highest reported user of force in the 2,200 - member department .
In that period , Serna reported using force 57 times and injuring 31 people .
His tally of force - involved incidents was 50 percent higher than any other officer .
Nine times in that same period , Serna made the watch list the department maintains to identify frequent users of force , according to documents provided by the department .
Since the use - of - force articles were published , The Chronicle has requested copies of the department 's watch lists for the years 2005 and 2006 .
The department declined to provide the watch lists , maintaining that they were personnel records protected from public inspection by state law .
The latest incidents place renewed focus on Serna , who joined the force in 1995 and is assigned to Central Station .
He is the stepson of one of the department 's highest - ranking officers -- Police Commander Stephen Tacchini .
Tacchini , who supervises the city 's 10 district stations , including Central , did not return The Chronicle 's calls .
Police Chief Heather Fong said a commander in Tacchini 's position would not be involved in investigations of officers at the district station level .
Fong said privacy provisions in state law bar her from commenting on personnel matters involving any officer .
She said she did not learn about " the matter of these four cases " until a call from The Chronicle on Tuesday afternoon requesting comment .
She added :
" I have directed the captain of the station to review these cases and make a recommendation regarding what he believes would be appropriate action . "
Efforts to reach Serna , 41 , for comment were unsuccessful .
The department said he was on vacation .
Steve Johnson , business agent for the San Francisco Police Officers Association , said , " I personally know Serna .
I worked with him at Mission Station , and he's an outstanding officer . "
What follows is a detailed account of the incidents involving Serna based on interviews , court filings and other documents :
Greg Oliver
At 1:45 a.m. in North Beach on Aug. 20 , 2006 , Barry Bonds ' personal trainer , Greg Oliver , left the Impala Club at the corner of Broadway and Kearny , where he had been with several friends .
As he walked along Broadway looking for a taxi , he saw three men attack another man .
Police quickly responded , and Oliver said that he tried to tell the officers that they were using force on the man who had been the victim of the assault .
When an officer who he later learned was Serna ordered him to back up , Oliver said he complied .
But then , he said , Serna hit him twice with his baton .
When he then asked for Serna 's badge number , he said , Serna grabbed Oliver by the neck and shirt , breaking the necklace he was wearing and telling him he was under arrest .
At that point , Oliver said he yelled out he was not resisting but was thrown to the ground by several other unknown officers who began punching him and kneeing him in the back .
When Serna pulled Oliver up from the ground , Oliver said , Serna wrenched his left wrist so hard that he screamed .
In response , Oliver said Serna told him to " shut the f -- up " and continued wrenching his wrist .
According to a lawsuit filed in federal court later by his attorney , John Burris , Oliver was arrested on " fabricated charges that he resisted , obstructed or delayed a peace officer in performance of their duties , " but no charges were ever filed against him .
Alleging that Oliver 's civil rights were violated , the lawsuit seeks $ 1 million in damages .
The suit also notes that Oliver is " readily recognizable as African American " and says that Serna and the other officers were " motivated by racial prejudice . "
Burris said that the fact that Serna still works the streets reflects " an attitude that the department undoubtedly has where it would rather have this tough , abusive guy on the force than control him .
It sends the totally wrong message to officers who do n't engage in this kind of conduct . "
Mehrdad Alemozaffar
At about 2 a.m. Dec. 17 , 2006 , Mehrdad Alemozaffar , a 26 - year - old UCLA medical student visiting the city , was waiting on the street for a friend to buy some pizza from a shop on Broadway that was about to close .
Just then , Alemozaffar said , three police officers came along , yelling for everyone to get off the street .
Alemozaffar said he and two young women who were walking next to him were pushed in the back by the police .
" They were pushing us for no reason -- I said , ' Stop pushing us , we 're walking ' and they were like , ' walk faster , ' " Alemozaffar recalled in an interview .
He said he ended up standing behind a metal police street barrier near Broadway and Montgomery and told the officers , " I am just waiting for a friend .
She 's my ride . "
At that point , he said one of the officers -- he later learned it was Serna -- said to him : " Stop acting like such a girl . "
Alemozaffar , who is of Persian descent , said he was " taken aback -- I am in San Francisco , a liberal town .
I said to him : ' What ?
Why would you call me that ?
I am obviously not a girl .
Are you discriminating against me or what ? ' "
" He said in reply , ' I am calling you a girl because you are acting like one , ' and he laughed .
I will never forget that laugh -- it was like , ' I have more power than you and can say whatever I want . ' "
Alemozaffar said he looked at Serna 's badge and said , " OK , Officer Serna , I will make sure I take this up with the right people . "
He said that as he and the young women began to walk away , he was grabbed from behind by officers -- he never knew how many -- and was dropped to the ground .
He said , " I did n't put up a fight " as police put his hands in plastic handcuffs and smashed his face " repeatedly into the ground . "
" I am screaming ' Stop , I am not fighting you , ' and the next thing I feel is this jolt up and down my body .
I was already face down on the ground and in handcuffs before I was tasered .
I passed out a couple of times .
I remember one jolt that lifted me off the ground and my entire back was arching -- it was unbelievable pain . "
A sheriff 's deputy , J. Reymunudo , was using a stun gun , the department said .
His report , supported by a partner 's , says he was assisting Serna and other police officers who were having trouble taking Alemozaffar into custody and that he used the device twice on Alemozaffar until he was subdued .
The Chronicle obtained photographs of Alemozaffar taken after the incident .
They show many burn marks that he said were made by the stun gun .
Sheriff Michael Hennessey , asked about Alemozaffar 's assertion he was hit by a stun gun 12 times while handcuffed , said : " I can assure you no deputy sheriff would use a stun gun on a handcuffed prisoner , or they would be fired , and I think all my deputies know that . "
Alemozaffar said police cited him for resisting arrest and battery on a police officer .
Since then , he said , he has found three people who witnessed what happened to him .
One gave him a murky video of the incident taken with a camera phone , which was reviewed by The Chronicle .
The voices of people watching the incident can be heard .
" Kneed him and tasered him , " a voice says .
" They are still going at him ! " one says .
" They are still tasering the s -- out of him ! " and " He did n't even swing on him , dude " and " No , he did n't do nothing . "
Alemozaffar , who says he will begin a medical residency at Harvard University in the fall , blames what happened to him on " wrong place , wrong time , wrong color . "
" I look brown , " he said .
" Deep in my heart I think what happened is you have a bad cop who thinks he can get away with doing and saying whatever he wants , and he thought I was some punk kid .
This guy does not belong in a position of power . "
Since Alemozaffar 's encounter with Serna , he has hired two lawyers .
The lawyer in his criminal case , John Runfola , said the district attorney decided there was not enough evidence to file charges against his client .
Alemozaffar 's other lawyer , Sanford Cipinko , said he will file a claim against the officers and deputy involved as well as the police and sheriff 's departments , and he plans to file a lawsuit if a settlement is not reached .
Alemozaffar said he wants to see " Serna off the street .
I feared for my life that night .
I felt like I was going to die after being tasered repeatedly .
I had a right to ask for his badge , but Serna has a personal agenda of taking the law into his own hands .
He escalated a nonviolent situation into a potentially life - threatening one . "
Shawn and Sarah Myers
Late in the afternoon of Feb. 24 , 2007 , at a spot near the Ferry Building on the Embarcadero , Serna and a partner were arresting a man who had been involved in a fight with a motorist .
In his police report , Serna said he got a handcuff onto the left hand of Jamal Jackson , 18 , of San Francisco , but the suspect pulled his right hand away .
" Fearing that he may have been reaching for a weapon , I struck Jackson with my right fist on his lower back because I had no other force option available to me to detain the suspect , " Serna wrote .
Jackson then called out , asking if anyone had seen what Serna did .
Shawn Myers , 34 , an African American San Francisco resident who was waiting with his wife for his car at a nearby parking lot , responded that he had seen what happened .
Myers ' wife , Sarah , 32 , wrote in a statement that day that Serna immediately came over and told her husband to put his hands behind his back .
As her husband was being forced to the ground , Sarah Myers said , " I stood there asking why were they doing this , " and at that point " I was pepper - sprayed in the face by Officer Serna . "
In his report , Serna contended that Shawn Myers had approached him in an aggressive posture with his hands in his jacket pocket , telling Serna , " F -- you , shoot me , mother -- . "
Serna reported he had to pepper spray Sarah Myers after she had " run towards us with her arms out as if she were going to push us or possibly attempt to free Myers . "
He said he had to pepper - spray another woman who also rushed at him .
Jackson , the man who Serna was trying to arrest , wrote a statement later identifying the second woman as his girlfriend .
Jackson said that after his girlfriend was pepper - sprayed , he fled the scene to avoid being pepper - sprayed himself .
He said he was caught and placed in the back seat of a patrol car .
He added that Serna jumped in the back seat with him and " started hittin ' me on my side back of my head because I had my head down ; he pulled my head up and hit me again , callin ' me 'n -- . ' "
Five witnesses wrote statements , included in the police report , that were critical of the police conduct in the incident .
Myers ' San Rafael lawyer , Matt Mani , denied that Myers had sworn at Serna .
" All my client did was see an injustice and offer to be a witness , " Mani said .
He added that after Myers was cuffed and in a police van , Serna repeatedly used racially charged language to disparage both Myers and his wife .
Reflecting on the encounter with Serna , Sarah Myers told The Chronicle , " Prior to this incident , I 've never had a negative encounter with the police .
I have a number of friends who are officers , and I have a great deal of respect for them . "
Myers , who faces an Aug. 1 court hearing on charges of interfering with an officer , battery on an officer and resisting arrest , said that Serna at one point called him " boy " and after placing him in a police van , called him " monkey " and said " monkeys belong in cages . "
Myers also quoted Serna as saying : " That sure is an ugly white bitch you 're married to . "
Esther Hwang
On May 12 , 2007 , at about 10:30 p.m. , Esther Hwang -- a pin-up model and a former personal scheduler for Mayor Willie Brown -- was waiting for her boyfriend outside the Dolce club in North Beach when she saw some officers nearby .
Hwang , who said she had been celebrating after finishing exams at San Francisco Law School , said that , as a joke , she called out flirtatiously , " I guess you 'll have to tackle me if I were to try to cross the street . "
Suddenly , she said , one officer -- who she later learned was Serna -- twisted her arm behind her back while another grabbed her from behind .
She said Serna yanked her to the ground by her hair and said to her , " You f -- c -- . "
Those words , she told a crowded news conference Wednesday , made her " feel small and powerless . "
Put into a police wagon , she was driven to Central Station where she said she passed out due to an anxiety attack , hurting her head in the process .
Later she was cited for battery on an officer and resisting arrest and was released .
Her lawyer , John Burris , told reporters that he had filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against Serna and the department seeking $ 1 million in damages .
Burris said the police reports say she was " belligerently drunk , " but he said Hwang had only consumed one drink .
Hwang is due in Superior Court late next month to face charges of resisting arrest and battery on a police officer .
" What got to me the most , " Hwang said , " is Officer Serna does this to people on a random basis , and no one does anything about it . "
Mozilla has announced the availability of version 3 of its popular open source Thunderbird email and news client for Windows , Mac OS X and Linux .
The long - awaited major release is based on the Gecko 1.9.1.5 platform , including some major re-architecting to provide improved performance , stability , web compatibility , and code simplification and sustainability .
Mozilla Thunderbird 3 brings awesome features like :
Tabs
Thunderbird 3 makes possible to enjoy tabbed browsing experience like Firefox .
Tabbed email lets you load emails in separate tabs so you can quickly jump between them .
– New Search with Advanced Filtering Tools
Search results now include advanced filtering tools .
You have the option to filter your results by sender , tag , attachments , people , folder , and mailing list .
You can also filter your email using the timeline tool .
New Mail Account Setup Wizard
The new Mail Account Setup Wizard matches against a database of email settings from popular mail providers so that you will only need to provide your name , email , and password to set up new mail accounts .
This feature is similar to what Outlook has .
The new Mail Account Setup Wizard warned me when I tried to add SMPT server which does n’t use encryption .
It is such a cool feature .
One-click Address Book
This feature is similar to Firefox which is simply clicking on the star icon to bookmark the page .
You can add people as well by simply clicking on the star icon in the message you received .
Two clicks and you can add more details like a photo , birthday , and other contact information .
Attachment Reminder
Now if you type the word attachment ( and other words like file types ) in the body of your message , the Attachment Reminder will reminds you to add an attachment before hitting send .
Activity Manager
The Activity Manager records all the interactions between Thunderbird and your email provider in one place .
Improved Gmail Integration
Better recognition and integration of Gmail ’s special folders such as Sent and Trash including non-English versions of Gmail .
Thunderbird also uses All Mail as the Archives folder .
These are the main features that attracted my attention but it still holds more others .
Get your copy of Thunderbird 3 from here .
Nathan Sawaya , he is a lawyer and an artist .
Obviously he loves playing with LEGO bricks .
These sculptures he made worth thousand dollars .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
The nation 's two largest wireless carriers already battle fiercely over smartphone devices and customers , but today AT&T took matters to federal court claiming Verizon Wireless ' latest TV ads are misleading , and falsely indicate that AT&T has gaps in wireless coverage .
The lawsuit says Verizon 's ads suggest that coverage areas outside of fast AT&T 3G service , shown in maps in the ads in white , provide no service at all .
In fact , most of the white areas are covered , but with somewhat slower wireless speeds , AT&T said .
The lawsuit was filed today in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia .
Verizon 's ads began in early October .
AT&T is seeking an emergency injunction to stop the ads .
It also seeks unspecified damages , accusing Verizon of false advertising , and claims the ads harm AT&T 's ability to compete .
AT&T also said Verizon 's ads are causing AT&T to lose " incalculable market share " and goodwill with customers .
The maps in the ads show 3G service in blue colors for both carriers , with Verizon covering more of the U.S. map .
But AT&T has focused on the white areas for the lawsuit .
" Through the use of a coverage map in [ Verizon ] ads , they suggest through all white or blank space , not only that AT&T does n't offer 3G coverage but no coverage at all , " spokesman Mark Siegel said in an interview .
" That 's misleading and that 's why we filed the lawsuit . "
In response , Verizon Wireless spokeswoman Brenda Raney said : " We feel the maps are accurate ... we make sure they are accurate . "
She said the TV ads clearly indicate in text that appears on the screen that the white areas are places where there is no 3G coverage , and not that there is no coverage at all .
" AT&T is focusing on the white area in the complaint , not the blue , but blue is what they advertise as their 3G coverage , " she said .
" The white areas are where there is no 3G coverage . "
In general , the ads " serve to inform customers where coverage is available that 's critical to smartphones , " Raney said .
" That 's important .
Their 3G coverage is limited . "
While it might sound like a tussle over the blue and the white , Siegel said AT&T has conducted research with customers and discovered that " a significant number of people have seen the ads and said AT&T has no coverage " in the white areas .
Siegel said using white space in coverage maps from all the carriers , including T - Mobile USA and Sprint Nextel , always means " no coverage ... that 's the heart of the issue and why the ads are misleading and why we 're taking action . "
The lawsuit , which runs 32 pages , states that AT&T asked Verizon to " stop running these false advertisements " and Verizon made minor changes to the maps " but continued with its plan to deceive consumers into believing that AT&T customers cannot communicate in areas where they have no 3G coverage . "
Generally , AT&T believes Verizon started the TV campaign as a response to AT&T 's leadership with smartphone sales , including its exclusive offer of the iPhone in the U.S. , Siegel said .
The ad is notable for taking iPhone 's " there 's an app for that " slogan and changing it to " there 's a map for that " to draw attention to Verizon 's claim of a superior network coverage map .
" This is a major campaign for them and we believe it's in response to our smartphone leadership , for BlackBerry , iPhone and a whole host of others , " Siegel said .
Greenville DWI and Drug Charge Defense Lawyer Serving Pitt County and Eastern North Carolina
At the Law Office of Matthew J. Davenport , our criminal defense practice focuses on two objectives : defeating your current charges and protecting your long - term interests .
We understand the importance of keeping your record clean .
Your long - term success in life may well depend on it .
As a result , we take a lot of cases to trial when we cannot get them dismissed or deferred along the way .
Contact Greenville criminal defense lawyer Matt Davenport for a free consultation about the best ways to resolve your problem , whether it involves drunk driving , drug possession , or problems with driver 's license suspension .
Our Criminal Defense Strategies Protect Your Future Right to Expungement
Our clients usually cannot afford to plead guilty , even in misdemeanor cases where there is no real prospect of jail time .
The damage to future career or academic prospects would be too great .
North Carolina criminal convictions , whether by guilty plea or verdict , create permanent records that normally cannot be expunged .
That 's why our Pitt County law firm concentrates on ways to resolve cases that will preserve your right to expungement .
Under North Carolina law , expungement means that all records of the arrest and prosecution are removed , and it's as if the offense never occurred .
In Focus : DWI Lawyer
One large component of our practice involves defending those accused of drunk driving , DWI , DUI and traffic tickets .
Whether you are a first - time or a repeat offender , we want you to know you have options .
Pleading guilty is a last resort , and should not be done until your attorney has exhausted all other options .
The penalties for DWI are too severe to take lightly .
We will defend you to the fullest possible extent .
Get a Free Consultation With Attorney Matthew J. Davenport
Reach out to our Greenville law office when you are under investigation or have been arrested for a crime in Pitt County or any surrounding area .
Contact us today .
Criminal defense attorney Matt Davenport is a former Pitt County prosecutor who has trained many of the current assistant district attorneys and law enforcement officers about criminal practice , DWI arrests , and trial procedures .
Today , he uses his insight and experience to help his clients confront and overcome difficult criminal defense problems .
King penguins lay one egg per breeding season and , instead of keeping it on a nest , the parents tuck the egg under their belly and rest it on their feet .
The parents take turns to look after the egg and gently roll it between them to transfer it .
After 56 days the eggs will hatch .
Newly hatched chicks stay on the parent ’s feet for the first month .
Spoiler Alert : plot elements from the film Happy Feet revealed below ! ;)
Keepers at The U.K.'s Edinburgh Zoo are celebrating the arrival of a King Penguin chick .
The chick , which is almost two months old , is the first King Penguin to be born at the Zoo in five years .
King penguins are notoriously difficult to breed .
If a king penguin lays an egg the others can become jealous and try and take the egg for themselves , resulting in the egg becoming damaged .
To help protect the new chick , the keepers have fenced off the parents and the chick from the other king penguins .
Recently , they have been letting the chick into the enclosure for an hour or so each day to gradually introduce it to the rest of the group .
The chick will be easy for visitors to spot as it ’s covered in fluffy brown feathers .
It will keep these feathers until it ’s around 10 months old , after this time it will develop its waterproof black and white coat .
The chick still does n’t have a name as it ’s still too young to tell if it ’s a boy or a girl .
Edinburgh Zoo is world famous for its penguins , being the first zoo ever to exhibit and breed them .
This is why Edinburgh Zoo has a penguin as its logo .
It was the arrival of three king penguins from a Christian Salvesen Whaling expedition in January 1914 , and the subsequent first successful hatching of a king penguin chick in 1919 , that made the Zoo famous all over the world , for these were the first penguins ever seen outside their South Atlantic homeland .
Lynda Burrill , Penguin Keeper , said :
“ This chick was a total surprise to us .
King penguins normally lay eggs in June and July but this egg arrived in late August .
In October the chick started to break out of the egg and a couple of days later the new arrival emerged !
It ’s a feisty little character – if one of the other adults gets too close it will stand up for itself and have a peck at them .
It will hopefully be fully integrated into the group in the next week or so . ”
Editor ’s Notes
About King Penguins at Edinburgh Zoo
There are now 11 king penguins at Edinburgh Zoo .
Eight males , two females and the chick .
Edinburgh Zoo is home to the most famous king penguin in the world , Sir Nils Olav .
In 1972 , the chosen king penguin was awarded the ‘ rank ’ of Lance Corporal and named Nils Olav ( after Nils Egelien and Norway ’s then King Olav ) .
On subsequent visits to the Scottish capital Nils was promoted to Corporal in 1982 , Sergeant ( 1987 ) , regimental Sergeant Major ( 1993 ) , Honourable Regimental Sergeant Major ( 2001 ) , Honorary Colonel - in - Chief in 2005 and Sir in August 2008 .
Edinburgh Zoo has the largest penguin pool in the world .
The Zoo also has a penguin parade every day .
The penguin parade began in 1951 when a keeper accidentally left the gate open .
The penguins went for a short walk and then returned to their enclosure .
The tradition still continues today and is very popular with visitors to the Zoo .
The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland donated over £ 45,000 since 2004 to finance a project protecting penguin nest sites in the Falklands .
With more visitors than ever , this penguin - breeding site is under increasing pressure of disturbance .
The king penguin is the animal in the Zoo with the most adopters .
Edinburgh Zoo is a member of the British and Irish Association of Birds and Aquariums ( BIAZA ) .
Edinburgh Zoo is owned by the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland , a registered charity , charity no SC004064 .
The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland , established in 1909 , is currently celebrating its centenary year .
About King Penguins
A man is in custody after a security alert aboard a second jet in Detroit
A Nigerian man , in his 30s , has been taken into custody aboard a plane in Detroit after locking himself in the toilet for over an hour .
A law enforcement official said the incident took place on Sunday , aboard the same Northwest flight that was attacked on Christmas Day .
Crew members requested that security remove the man from Flight 253 after he became disruptive .
A Delta spokeswoman says all 256 passengers have been safely taken off the plane .
Delta operates the Northwest flight .
An airport spokesman said : " The pilot requested emergency assistance upon arrival . "
Sources told Fox News that the man boarded a plane in Lagos , Nigeria with no baggage .
All 256 passengers on Sunday 's flight were taken by bus to the airport terminal for questioning , according to a spokeswoman for Delta Air Lines , which operates Northwest .
Emergency vehicles surrounded the plane as it remained parked about a kilometre from the main airport buildings for more than three hours .
A security official at Detroit airport confirmed later he posed no security risk to the plane .
He was a businessman who had become " verbally disruptive " after falling ill during the flight , the officer said .
PA
On the imaginary Baader - Meinhof clock of insurrection , it is one minute before midnight in Britain .
But what will happen next ?
In countries such as France , Russia and America , where the clock had once struck 12 and the workers decided enough was enough , revolutions followed .
All we 've had in Britain are a peasants ' revolt and a couple of riots when the Chartists were disobedient .
On continental Europe and in the Americas , they brought down the aristocracy with guns and axes , then strung them up from trees and lamp - posts .
In Britain , we shout : " What do we want ?
A minute of your time , if it 's not too much trouble .
When do we want it ?
At your earliest convenience and begging your pardon . "
For we have too much respect for our democratic institutions and for our beloved monarch to entertain any notions of dull violence and chaotic rebellion when the blood is up .
We would all surely regret it in the morning .
And it is such rectitude and fortitude in the face of adversity which have given our country its stability and guardsman 's bearing that is the envy of the world .
This is what we tell ourselves when we have just received another slap from our elected representatives at Parliament and their cohorts in the corporate and financial charnel houses of HBOS and Globespan .
Except this year , the slaps came hard and fast .
You wonder if a little period of instability would be a price worth paying to hand out a lesson they would never forget to the thieves and profligates in our banking and political edifices who have grown fat on our honesty and trust .
It was the year when corporate and political Britain finally revealed its contempt for those from whose labours it has profited .
The full extent of our MPs ' greed was revealed just at that time when we first began to understand that Sir Fred Goodwin and his avaricious brotherhood had been playing Russian roulette with the nation 's economy .
Yet it was n't simply the fact of these follies that revealed them in all their vainglorious idiocy .
If the politicians would just pay back the money they owed us without any fuss and a few of the most covetous fell on their swords , then we would forgive them and hand them a written warning at the next election .
Better still , they could make amends by stripping the bankers of their bonuses and their Learjets and forcing them henceforth to undergo much more stringent scrutiny of their activities .
Yet following the initial obsequious outpourings of remorse from politicians , they began to reveal their true colours .
They back - pedalled when many realised they probably did not have the funds to make good their promises of repayment .
What we were demanding of them was too , too draconian .
Meanwhile , directors of the Royal Bank of Scotland , having helped bring the economy to its knees , effectively attempted to hold the country to ransom : if you do n't allow us to continue paying obscene bonuses to our star players , then we shall all resign , they said .
They even tried to admonish us for having the cheek to ask for rigour and discipline in their bonus structures .
How can we compete with the galacticos of world banking , they whined , if you do n't allow us to pay them properly ?
They were asking us to believe that there is some enchanted golden mean in global finance , the knowledge of which is only granted to a chosen few mystics and necromancers .
They alone have the power to heal our broken economies and we , the idiot punters , would do well not to interfere .
Yet Britain has thousands of successful entrepreneurs whose hard work and adroit and proportionate investment has built businesses and provided employment .
Many of them would beg to disagree with the RBS 's lofty opinion of its structures and governances .
But they had n't finished abusing us yet .
For in November the new Supreme Court , administering justice in our name , allowed seven of our major banking institutions to continue robbing the accounts of hundreds of thousands of UK citizens .
In justifying their wildly disproportionate overdraft charges , the banks lectured us on good financial housekeeping , diligence and discipline in our personal finances .
This , from a worthless cartel whhich had just destroyed the economy because they could n't stop themselves even when the bells were ringing at the level crossing and the lights were flashing .
They had shown all the restraint of a Mississippi riverboat gambler putting his house on black with an empty bottle of Jack Daniel 's at his side .
And still we merely shrugged and told ourselves there was little to be done amid the usual sporadic outbreaks of fist - waving .
In the last few days , our people have been left high and dry on some foreign peninsula by an airline 's sudden collapse .
Many more of them have been treated like dogs because a train system costing billions could n't cope with the wrong type of snow and the operators could n't communicate with each other properly .
These are a sick metaphor for the current relationship between rich and corporate Britain and those who have granted them their power .
Next year , we have been warned to expect public spending cuts at levels not seen since the end of the war .
Who is there to marshal our anger and to channel it in ways that will make the directors of UK plc pay heed ?
If such a person exists , he is not currently to be found in Westminster .
Pluggable App Engine e-mail backends for Django
Yesterday support for pluggable e-mail backends has landed in Django ’s trunk and today I ’m happy to announce two e-mail backend implementations to be used with Django - based App Engine applications .
The e-mail backends allow you to use native Django functions for sending e-mails like django.core.mail.send_mail ( ) on App Engine .
To use pluggable e-mail backends you ’ll have to use a recent version of Django .
Support for pluggable e-mail backends was introduced in rev11709 and will be released in Django 1.2 .
Using the e-mail backend
The e-mail backends are available as a single package on bitbucket .
To check out the most recent sources run :
$ hg clone http://bitbucket.org/andialbrecht/appengine_emailbackends/
or got to the downloads page and grab a zip file .
To use the e-mail backend for App Engine copy the appengine_emailbackend directory to the top - level directory of you App Engine application and add the following line to your settings.py :
EMAIL_BACKEND = ' appengine_emailbackend '
If you prefer asynchronous e-mail delivery use this line in your settings .py instead :
EMAIL_BACKEND = ' appengine_emailbackend.async '
When using the async backend e-mails will not be sent immediately but delivered via a taskqueue .
Running the demo application
There ’s also a demo application included in this repository .
Run this application using
$ dev_appserver.py .
and open http://localhost:8080 in your web browser .
Remember to include a current checkout of the Django SVN repository in the top - level directory of the demo application .
Investors need to always remember to separate their economic and political ideals from the act of making money in the market .
We 're reminded of this after seeing Robert Ebeling at Mises deliver the same old radical free markets argument about how we should end the fed :
1 ) Fed funds rate manipulation leads to a fake price of money in the market , which 2 ) leads to unsustainable asset bubbles .
Thus 3 ) we should end the fed and let the market show us the real price money .
Robert Ebeling from Mises :
What is being ignored is the more fundamental question of whether the Fed should be attempting to set or inﬂuence interest rates in the market .
The presumption is that it is both legitimate and desirable for central banks to manipulate a market price , in this case the price of borrowing and lending .
...
Interest rates , like market prices in general , cannot tell the truth about real supply and demand conditions when governments and their central banks prevent them from doing their job .
All that government produces from their interventions , regulations and manipulations is false signals and bad information .
And all of us suffer from this abridgement of our right to freedom of speech to talk honestly to each other through the competitive communication of market prices and interest rates , without governments and central banks getting in the way .
Great .
The problem is , while his words may ring true with our economic ideals , they fall flat from an investment perspective .
Hate to say it , but political realities necessitate a federal reserve and the manipulation of interest rates .
If you 're betting for an end to the fed , good luck .
Thus from a practical stand point , fed outrage is a waste of time if you 're trying to make money and these kinds of issues should be saved for the dinner table .
The more productive approach , as an investor , is to accept the fact that the fed will be manipulating the market , and position yourself to take advantage of it .
The same goes for the politically motivated outrage over government stimulus , which is a whole other can of worms .
Still , as an academic piece , Mr. Ebeling 's article is a great read .
I have stopped hating Thanksgiving and learned to be afraid of the holiday .
Over the past few years a growing number of white people have joined the longstanding indigenous people 's critique of the holocaust denial that is at the heart of the Thanksgiving holiday .
In two recent essays I have examined the disturbing nature of a holiday rooted in a celebration of the European conquest of the Americas , which means the celebration of the Europeans ' genocidal campaign against indigenous people that is central to the creation of the United States .
Many similar pieces have been published in predominantly white left / progressive media , while indigenous people continue to mark the holiday as a " National Day of Mourning " ( http://www.uaine.org/).
In recent years I have refused to participate in Thanksgiving Day meals , even with friends and family who share this critical analysis and reject the national mythology around manifest destiny .
In bowing out of those gatherings , I would often tell folks that I hated Thanksgiving .
I realize now that " hate " is the wrong word to describe my emotional reaction to the holiday .
I am afraid of Thanksgiving .
More accurately , I am afraid of what Thanksgiving tells us about both the dominant culture and much of the alleged counterculture .
Here 's what I think it tells us :
As a society , the United States is intellectually dishonest , politically irresponsible , and morally bankrupt .
This is a society in which even progressive people routinely allow national and family traditions to trump fundamental human decency .
It 's a society in which , in the privileged sectors , getting along and not causing trouble are often valued above honesty and accountability .
Though it 's painful to consider , it 's possible that such a society is beyond redemption .
Such a consideration becomes frightening when we recognize that all this goes on in the most affluent and militarily powerful country in the history of the world , but a country that is falling apart -- an empire in decline .
Thanksgiving should teach us all to be afraid .
Although it 's well known to anyone who wants to know , let me summarize the argument against Thanksgiving : European invaders exterminated nearly the entire indigenous population to create the United States .
Without that holocaust , the United States as we know it would not exist .
The United States celebrates a Thanksgiving Day holiday dominated not by atonement for that horrendous crime against humanity but by a falsified account of the " encounter " between Europeans and American Indians .
When confronted with this , most people in the United States ( outside of indigenous communities ) ignore the history or attack those who make the argument .
This is intellectually dishonest , politically irresponsible , and morally bankrupt .
In left / radical circles , even though that basic critique is widely accepted , a relatively small number of people argue that we should renounce the holiday and refuse to celebrate it in any fashion .
Most leftists who celebrate Thanksgiving claim that they can individually redefine the holiday in a politically progressive fashion in private , which is an illusory dodge :
We do n't define holidays individually or privately -- the idea of a holiday is rooted in its collective , shared meaning .
When the dominant culture defines a holiday in a certain fashion , one can't pretend to redefine it in private .
To pretend we can do that also is intellectually dishonest , politically irresponsible , and morally bankrupt .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
I press these points with no sense of moral superiority .
For many years I did n't give these questions a thought , and for some years after that I sat sullenly at Thanksgiving dinners , unwilling to raise my voice .
For the past few years I 've spent the day alone , which was less stressful for me personally ( and , probably , less stressful for people around me ) but had no political effect .
This year I 've avoided the issue by accepting a speaking invitation in Canada , taking myself out of the country on that day .
But that feels like a cheap resolution , again with no political effect in the United States .
The next step for me is to seek creative ways to use the tension around this holiday for political purposes , to highlight the white - supremacist and predatory nature of the dominant culture , then and now .
Is it possible to find a way to bring people together in public to contest the values of the dominant culture ?
How can those of us who want to reject that dominant culture meet our intellectual , political , and moral obligations ?
How can we act righteously without slipping into self - righteousness ?
What strategies create the most expansive space possible for honest engagement with others ?
Along with allies in Austin , I 've struggled with the question of how to create an alternative public event that could contribute to a more honest accounting of the American holocausts in the past ( not only the indigenous genocide , but African slavery ) and present ( the murderous U.S. assault on the developing world , especially in the past six decades , in places such as Vietnam and Iraq ) .
Some have suggested an educational event , bringing in speakers to talk about those holocausts .
Others have suggested a gathering focused on atonement .
Should the event be more political or more spiritual ?
Perhaps some combination of methods and goals is possible .
However we decide to proceed , we can't ignore the ugly ideological realities of the holiday .
My fear of those realities is appropriate but facing reality need not leave us paralyzed by fear ; instead it can help us understand the contours of the multiple crises -- economic and ecological , political and cultural -- that we face .
The challenge is to channel our fear into action .
I hope that next year I will find a way to take another step toward a more meaningful honoring of our intellectual , political , and moral obligations .
As we approach Thanksgiving Day , I 'm eager to hear about the successful strategies of others .
For such advice , I would be thankful .
The committee has refused to allow Veterans for Peace members – many of whom are combat veterans with Purple Hearts – from taking part in the observance on Saturday , Nov. 7 , saying Veterans for Peace is " a politically motivated group , " and therefore not welcome .
So much for " honoring all Americans who have served . "
Chapter 102 members ( I am one ) did not ask to participate in the parade to make a political statement , but to take our rightful place in the annual event saluting all who served our country in uniform .
Yet the committee , which finds us " political , " invites non-veteran politicians -- Scott Walker , Gwen Moore , Tom Barrett -- to march in the parade , and welcomes veterans groups which are outspoken in support of military action and war .
The committee ’s reply , from Chairman David Drent , said ,
" There is no doubt that your organization is a politically motivated group .
One visit to the organization ’s website makes your views perfectly clear .
" We do n’t make judgment on your purpose .
End the war or escalate it carries the same weight with the board .
A political statement is being made and there is no room in the parade for it . "
" We thank you for your service in our Armed Forces , but our goal has always been to have a day of honor that is 100 % politically free . "
The committee ’s decision was unanimous , he said .
Is the parade " 100 % politically free ? "
Hardly .
The Veterans of Foreign Wars is welcome to march in the parade , even though its commander , Thomas Tradewell of Sussex , WI , recently called on President Obama to " heed the assessment and advice of his military leaders " and send 40,000 more troops to Afghanistan , suggesting that as commander - in - chief Obama ’s job is to do what the generals recommend .
Apparently the parade committee does n’t consider pro-escalation positions or even politicians to be " political . "
Veterans for Peace is in a class by itself .
In his letter to the committee , Chapter 102 ’s Mark Foreman wrote :
" We share your pride in having served this nation , whether during time of peace or war .
We are a part of the Milwaukee community and of the veteran ’s community .
Our major project is a Homeless Veterans Initiative , which has been operating for a year , to find and assess homeless and at - risk veterans and help them get the services they need to reach their highest possible level of independence .
It is work we do on a daily basis with the estimated 3,900 to 5,200 veterans who are homeless in Milwaukee every year .
" We do not ask to participate in the parade to make a political statement , but to take our rightful place in the annual event saluting all who served our country in uniform .
Veterans cover the political spectrum , as they represent the diversity of this country with a mix of race , gender , religion , economic status , and other characteristics .
" What we all have in common is our service , which is what Veterans Day celebrates .
We respect other veterans and other veterans organizations .
All we ask is that your committee pay us the same respect .
" We have been told in the past that the very name of our organization , Veterans for Peace , is " political " and therefore cannot be part of the parade .
But we believe all veterans who have experienced war share a desire for peace .
As U.S. Senator John McCain , a decorated war veteran , has said , " Only a fool or a fraud talks tough or romantically about war ...
" I hate war , and I know how terrible its costs are . "
Senator McCain also said , " Veterans hate war more than anyone else . "
" Many Veterans for Peace chapters across the country are welcomed and march in Veterans Day parades in other cities .
We hope Milwaukee will reconsider its previous position and welcome Veterans for Peace in its 2009 parade . "
Chapter 102 members will attend the parade to collect donations along the route for our Homeless Veterans Initiative , and distribute flyers explaining that VFP is not welcome in the parade itself .
VFP will continue to press the committee to do the right thing in the future .
You can help , by expressing your views to the committee .
Write : Veterans Day Parade , Box 684 , Milwaukee WI 53201 .
Call 414 - 414-453-8753 .
Or email : vetsparade@tds.net
Sponsors of the parade listed on the websiteare : Batteries Plus , Tropic Banana Co. , Meyer and Wallis , Budweiser , Radio Station FM 106.1 , Paul Conway Shields and Equipment , WISN Radio , and the Milwaukee County War Memorial Center .
Drent , the parade committee chair , is also executive director of the War Memorial Center , which receives $ 1.5 - million a year in support from county taxpayers .
So a taxpayerf - supported organization is keeping veterans out of the veterans parade .
See anything wrong with that ?
I think it 's time to take our case to the sponsors and elected county officials , to let them know the self - appointed committee , including a tax - supported sponsor , is excluding military veterans from what should be a community - wide observance honoring those who have served , as the parade website claims .
Veterans for Peace , Iraq Veterans Against the War , and Vietnam Veterans Against the War will sponsor a Veterans Day celebration on the day itself , Wednesday , Nov. 11 , at 7 p.m. in the rotunda of Milwaukee City Hall , 200 E . Wells .
The public is invited -- even war hawks .
While the Spider - Man musical hovers in the theater version of production hell alongside the floating head of Bono , another superhero musical has surfaced on the internet : " It 's a Bird . .
It 's a Plane ... It 's Superman ! "
All 90 minutes of the 1975 TV special ( based on the 1966 Broadway show ) are now online .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/12/03/the-superman-musical-its-a-bird/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ;
As the text at Google Video explains , " This aired once , in the 1970s .
It was never rebroadcast .
You be the judge of why . "
Imagine the camp of Adam West's " Batman " crossed with the songs of " Bye Bye Birdie " composers Charles Strouse and Lee Adams .
Seriously , they actually wrote the songs , one of which later surfaced as the theme for a Pillsbury biscuit commercial .
Even better :
There 's a revival of " It 's a Bird ...
It 's a Plane ... It 's Superman ! " planned for 2010 !
A crucial moment involves Superman singing , " Why must the strongest man in the world be the saddest man , tell me why ?
Do n't they know the strongest man can cry ? "
See for yourself , after the jump .
Recently a build of Google ’s Chrome OS was released for testing .
Though it ’s not ready for prime time , you might want to test it out in a virtual machine .
Today we take a look at how to setup and run it in VirtualBox .
Note :
In this example we are using VirtualBox 3.0.12 running on a 32 - bit version of Windows 7 Ultimate .
Setup VirtualBox
The first thing to do is click on New to create a new machine in VirtualBox .
The New Virtual Machine wizard opens where you just want to click Next .
Type in a name for the machine and for OS Type you want to select Linux and the default version will be Ubuntu … you can leave that and click Next .
Now you want to select the amount of memory to allocate for the machine .
In our test we used 512MB which seems adequate , but you can experiment with different amounts .
In the next step , select Use existing hard disk …
Then add the VMDK file you downloaded to Virtual Media Manager and select it .
You ’re brought back to the wizard where the screen should look similar to this .
Then you ’re presented with the summary of the new VM and if everything looks correct click Finish .
Now you will see the Chrome OS in the list of your virtual machines and you can start it up .
The Chrome OS will start up and the first screen you ’re presented with is the log on .
You need to enter in your Google account name and password to begin a session .
That is all there is to it .
Now you can start playing around with the new OS from Google .
Conclusion
For those of you who like to try out the newest technology , this is a good option for testing out the Chrome OS .
At this time do n’t expect a whole lot of awesomeness with this build of Chrome OS .
At least you can geek out on it and see what the hype is all about .
Of course you can run it in VMware Player as well , but if you ’re partial to VirtualBox , this will get you going .
Download Chrome OS from hexxeh
Download VirtualBox
Like most hockey fans , I look forward to the release of the regular season schedule for the upcoming season in July for numerous reasons .
Obviously , it 's a signpost indicating the season 's not too far away and creates an opportunity to plan for which games I want to attend .
But it also means that Dirk Hoag 's Super Schedule of NHL Travel is just around the corner as well .
Us Stars fans take notice of this , primarily because of the Stars ' unique position as a Pacific Division team , even though Dallas is much closer to the Atlantic Ocean than it is to the Pacific Ocean .
You can view this year 's spreadsheet at GoogleDocs , as well data from 2007 - 08 and 2008 - 09 .
Dirk 's been doing this project for three years now and it's a very interesting read .
This is due , in part , because we 're into the second year of the more balanced schedule format and can easily compare travel from a balanced schedule versus the unbalanced schedule that the NHL shoved down our throats from 2005 - 06 to 2007 - 08 .
Now I will say the spreadsheet is n't exactly perfect .
Using the Stars current road trip as an example , the spreadsheet calculates the distance between Dallas to St. Paul to San Jose to Phoenix to Detroit .
Obviously , the Stars traveled back to Dallas after their game last Saturday at Minnesota before flying on to San Jose .
They 'll make a similar stopover back home after playing the Coyotes Saturday night before flying on to Detroit to conclude their roadtrip Wednesday night .
Total mileage traveled approximately ?
Oh , just a shade under 6,700 according to the Gmaps Pedometer .
And speaking of the Red Wings , it only takes into account travel after the first game of the season .
That means their initial jaunt to Europe , along with Chicago's , St. Louis ' , and Florida 's is n't factored into the spreadsheet .
Their return flights across the pond , however , are .
But it does provide a nice insight into travel when the inevitable debate about placement of teams within the divisions comes up and just how much of an advantage do Eastern Conference teams have over their Western Conference counterparts .
What interesting things did I find in my analysis ?
Follow me after the jump .
The Stars will log more travel miles than any other team in the Pacific Division this season with an approximate total of 51,182 .
But they did n't even close to being the divisional leaders last season when San Jose traveled over 56,111 miles during the regular season , as opposed to 51,541 for the Stars .
This year , the Sharks somehow managed to shave nearly 10,000 miles off their itinerary from last season .
That represents the biggest mileage drop in the league .
Not taking into account the Red Wings , Blackhawks , Panthers , and Blues flights during the pre-season to Europe , the Flames will log the most miles traveled in the NHL with 55,331 .
And if you factored in those flights over to Europe , the Flames might still lead the NHL .
lead the NHL .
Now for the surprising part .
Remember when the schedule was unbalanced and high mileage teams like the Stars wanted to go back to a more balanced format to avoid playing those eight extra road games in either the Pacific of Arizona time zones ?
Turns out that under the last season where the unbalanced schedule was used , the Stars traveled nearly 10,000 miles less than they did last season and will travel this season .
As I alluded to at the beginning , travel is of utmost concern to the Stars and their fans because of their placement in the Pacific Division .
Their closest division rival is still over 800 miles away .
Contrast that with the fact that all Atlantic Division rivals play within a 350 mile radius and you can see why scheduling has been such a hot button issue in this league and will continue to be one .
And a potential Coyotes move to either Kansas City , Portland , or Hamilton wo n't help matters one bit in this department .
Unless the league abolishes division ( as was suggested by Razor this morning on The Ticket ) , the Stars are stuck .
Not even a potential move by the Islanders would help because it appears if they pack up and leave Long Island , they 'll move to Kansas City and a Central Division team like Columbus or Nashville will take their place .
Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab Livens Up Slow News Day With Detroit Firecracker
HUGE news that Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab , a passenger aboard Delta Flight 253 from Amsterdam to Detroit , tried to blow up the plane .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab ?!
Yep .
Him and all .
And Abdul Mudallad ?
Did you say Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab ?
Yes .
Was that Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab ?
Yep .
As Sky News says :
Passenger ‘ Tries To Blow Up’ US Plane
A bomb ?
The Daily Telegraph says :
Passenger sets off fireworks on Airbus
Fireworks ?
Sky says :
US source say the 23 - year - old Nigerian , an engineering student at a university in London , ignited a “ powdery substance ” , a mix of powder and liquid .
A wet firework ?
A big rocket Kaboom !
Reuters calls it :
Obama monitoring Delta flight firecracker situation
The Sun agrees on firecrackers :
The man set off a firecracker on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 , an Airbus 330 carrying 278 passengers .
Canada.com has more facts :
A Montreal woman said she feared for her life after hearing several bangs that sounded like gun shots , and seeing a man on fire while her plane was landing in Detroit Friday .
So no bomb ?
“ The plane was about to land , and the landing gear was n’t down yet , that ’s when this guy set himself on fire , ” she said .
“ I thought we were all gone .
Thank God , somehow the plane landed . ”
And what about the Detroit connection ?
Why would anyone bother to attack Detroit , the US failed city ?
* Terrorist Attack Detroit
The facts are coming in thick and fast .
What do we know about the man .
Sky News says he ’s on a list .
The man :
He suffered third - degree burns .
He is said to have claimed links to al Qaeda
Obama :
Representative Peter King , who sits on the House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee , calls the device “ fairly sophisticated ” .
President Obama , experiencing global warming first hand in Hawaii , is “ actively monitoring ” the situation .
He “ instructed that all appropriate measures be taken to increase security for air travel , ” says White House spokesman Bill Burton .
Man sets off firecracker on airplane to America ’s lost city and Obama is watching the news on the telly .
More to follow …
Anorak
Posted : 26th , December 2009 | In : Reviews Comments ( 6 ) | TrackBack | Permalink
Every company that makes any sort of netbook or notebook seems to have figured out sometime in late 2007 that industrial design matters — indeed , " if you bling it , they will come " seems to be the PC industry 's number one takeaway from watching Apple 's success in the notebook market .
But with today 's launch of the new Latitude Z600 notebook , Dell has demonstrated that it knows something that other netbook makers have yet to discover : if you want to compete with Apple at the level of design and user experience , then you have to do more than just offer the same Windows laptop , but in different colors and finishes ; you must also apply some software and hardware engineering effort to solving problems that users did n't know they had .
With the 16 - inch , 4.5 - pound Z600 , Dell is clearly angling to position itself as the " Apple " of business portables by making products that mix form , function , and novelty .
We joined Dell for a prelaunch demo of the Z600 and its accessories , and the company impressed us with some technologies and ideas that may even have Cupertino starting its photocopiers .
Always ON
The first idea , Latitude ON , announced over a year ago but fully debuting on the Z600 , is basically a instant - boot OS combined with a self - contained system - on - a- daughtercard .
The OS is Linux - based with a bunch of Dell customizations to both the OS and the applications ( browser , mail , contacts , calendar , VPN client , and Citrix client ) ; on the hardware side , the tiny daughtercard contains a TI OMAP SoC ( Dell would n't reveal which exact part ) , a 512 MB pool of flash for storing the OS , and a WiFi radio .
What Dell does with this system - in - a - system is more than just fast booting , which always sounded pointless to us since we rarely boot our laptops anyway ( they remain in sleep mode while closed ) .
ON 's basic idle mode runs with the laptop closed , with the device acting sort of like a Blackberry in that it gets all of your inbound e-mails from over the network ( WiFi or 3G ) .
When you open the laptop and the screen turns on your new messages are already there waiting for you .
The idea is that every time you open the laptop , there is fresh data for you to access instantly , so that you do n't have to first connect to a network and / or start an application .
Dell claims that in the normal idle mode , with the laptop closed yet constantly polling for e-mails , you can get up to 12 hours of battery life ; in a low - power idle mode , where the laptop polls for new e-mail every 6 minutes , you can get some two days of battery life .
For security reasons , you can't get to the hard drive at all in ON mode , so if the ARM daughtercard is compromised , your data remains safe .
For the idle mode e-mail polling , ON uses the on - card WiFi radio ; if there is no WiFi signal available , then it can connect via an optional built - in 3G radio .
The ON feature will be standard on the Z600 and optional on other portables .
In all , ON is a solid idea that will probably find many fans in the road warrior set .
The fact that it can check your e-mail all day long with the laptop closed is the killer feature that causes the whole " lightweight , instant - on OS " to make real sense .
Going completely wireless
The two other great features on the Z600 are the wireless charging dock and the wireless HD video and I/O capabilities .
Dell has designed an elevated laptop stand that uses induction to wirelessly charge the Z600 whenever it 's placed on the stand .
If you 're going to charge by docking ( as opposed to just plugging a cable into the laptop ) , then this is a better way to do it than lining up proprietary ports .
Also of interest is Z600 's built - in support for wireless I/O ( video , USB , and sound ) connections .
The Z600's hardware establishes a UWB - based link with a Dell wireless docking station that contains a DVI out , two USB ports , and an audio out .
The end result is that you can walk into a room , set your laptop down anywhere ( perhaps on the inductive charging platform ) , and immediately begin using the laptop via a stationary monitor , mouse , and keyboard without plugging in a single cable .
The whole wire - free setup is quite impressive to see in action , especially for someone who frequently juggles their MacBook Air between a stationary workstation ( external monitor , mouse , and keyboard ) and a recliner throughout the day .
FaceAware , additional trackpad
FaceAware is another new feature of the Latitude Z600 , and it involves the laptop using its built - in 2MP webcam to spot when a registered user has stepped away from the computer .
When the Z600 sees that the user has left , it automatically locks the machine .
Also novel is a thin , invisible trackpad that runs down the right - hand bezel on the screen .
Swiping a finger up and down this trackpad will scroll the active window up and down , and pressing it at the bottom will bring up a launchbar - type widget that lets you launch programs .
This is a nice idea , but it 's not immediately clear that this is oddly placed , additional touch surface is a real improvement over a regular multitouch trackpad .
More details , conclusions
The Z600 uses Intel 's new CULV processors , which helped Dell get the notebook 's thickness down to half an inch and its weight down to 4.5 pounds , despite its 16 " screen size .
Being a business portable , it also comes with a full complement of ports , including Ethernet , eSATA , and DisplayPort .
The Z600 is available today starting at $ 1,999 .
It 's clear that Dell put quite a bit of engineering effort into designing both the software and hardware sides of the Z600 and accessories , so that the whole package presents a unified user experience .
Not every aspect of the Z600 is an obvious win , but it represents a step in the right direction .
If Dell can continue to generate these kinds of ideas , which represent a lot more work than just repackaging someone else 's hardware and software in bright plastic , then the company can go after enterprise users who have Apple envy but who need business features like vPro that Apple does n't provide .
KABUL , Afghanistan - A crowded Afghan passenger bus struck a roadside bomb yesterday in the violent southern province of Kandahar , killing 30 people and injuring more than three dozen others , Afghan officials said .
As many as 10 children were reported to be among the dead .
The incident underscored the growing danger of road travel in much of Afghanistan , even on main highways , and the peril faced by civilians engaged in such mundane activities as walking to school , going to the market , or riding a bus .
The United Nations reported last week that August had been the deadliest month this year for civilians , who often find themselves caught in fighting between Western troops and insurgents .
At least 1,500 noncombatants have been killed this year , the report said .
Roadside bombs are almost always meant for foreign troops .
The crude but powerful devices claim far more Western troop casualties than out - and - out clashes with the Taliban and other militants .
But they are indiscriminate killers : Civilians also use the roads traveled by military convoys .
At the time of yesterday ’s blast , a contingent of soldiers had blocked off the main route to sweep it for explosives .
The bus turned onto a parallel dirt road and struck a buried bomb there .
Intercity buses are the main mode of transport for Afghan workers and families , few of whom can afford to fly across the country ’s vast distances .
The bus was traversing a popular route from the western city of Herat to Kandahar , the hub of southern Afghanistan .
The explosion , which left the bus charred and twisted , took place in the district of Maiwand , on Kandahar city ’s western fringes .
The area has long been a battlefield between Western troops and Taliban fighters .
US troops have begun to take a greater combat role in Kandahar province , where until recently Canadians made up the bulk of foreign forces in insurgent - plagued districts .
The Afghan Interior Ministry put the number of deaths from the blast at 30 and the injured at 39 , although some local and provincial officials provided different figures .
Civilian deaths , either by foreign forces or the Taliban , have caused many Afghans to question the price of the fight against the insurgents , now entering its ninth year .
The Obama administration is still struggling to come up with a coherent war strategy , even as some NATO allies question whether the conflict is winnable .
Yesterday , Obama opened a new round of meetings to rethink his strategy in Afghanistan as he weighs a request for more troops from General Stanley McChrystal , the top US commander on the ground .
Obama hosted the new NATO secretary general , Anders Fogh Rasmussen , who said he agreed with the president that it was more important to figure out first what the mission should be in Afghanistan .
“ I agree with President Obama in his approach - strategy first , then resources , ’’ Rasmussen said , sitting next to Obama in the Oval Office .
Today , Obama plans a meeting on Afghanistan with his entire national security team - including McChrystal and top military and diplomatic officials - in the White House situation room .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
We were n't sure at first if this was a Team America - inspired parody , but no , it 's just Fox News .
On an embed with U.S. Special Forces , Fox 's Greg Palkot channels Kent Brockman as he describes " a new aerial approach to nab the Taliban . "
Too bad all the commandos appear to be doing in the clip is nabbing Afghans for the crime of wearing the wrong - colored turbans .
This segment shows Green Berets swooping in with helicopters to stop a " suspicious vehicle " in Zabul Province .
Palkot gives us the play - by - play : " When a suspicious vehicle is spotted , a Blackhawk helicopter hovers in front and blocks it !
The second lands behind and out comes a team of heavily armed Green Berets and Afghans ! "
I mean , it 's possible these guys do great work , and Fox caught 'em on a bad day .
And it 's possible that there was more to the targeting , but the SF guys wanted to keep it quiet .
But if a Toyota Hiace is considered suspicious merely because it 's full of Afghans , then we are in big trouble .
This helicopter assault – which involves a total of five aircraft – finds " no fewer than two dozen folks filling this van , plus an assortment of items , but no bad guys or bad stuff . "
No problem , on to the next " takedown " :
Another " suspicious vehicle , with those inside sporting black turbans , similar to what the Taliban wear . "
And then they stop and frisk some guys on motorcycles , because militants are sometimes known to use them to get away from the roadside bombs they just planted .
Here 's the kicker : " On this day , in fact , no one is taken in , " Palkot says .
" Commanders say the method has been effective . "
Um , effective at what ?
Winning the support of the residents of Zabul ?
While it 's fun to rip on Fox for this kind of reporting , there 's a more serious question here .
Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's strategy in Afghanistan is being sold as " population centric " :
It 's supposed to shift emphasis away from pointless raids and refocus on protecting population centers and promoting development .
But if the latest report from Julian Barnes of the Los Angeles Times is correct , there 's also a parallel push underway to step up the number of special operations raids to kill or capture Taliban leadership and dismantle their infrastructure .
" The number of raids carried out by such units as the Army 's Delta Force and Navy 's SEAL Team Six in Afghanistan has more than quadrupled in recent months , " Barnes writes .
" The teams carried out 90 raids in November , U.S. officials said , compared with 20 in May .
U.S. special operations forces primarily conduct missions in eastern and southern Afghanistan . "
In theory , this shift could complement higher - profile conventional efforts to protect population centers to draw away support for the Taliban .
But if done inappropriately , or clumsily , that effort has as much potential to backfire as large - scale conventional sweeps .
– Nathan Hodge and Noah Shachtman
Description : Watch Bareback Casting 4 ( 3:30 Full HD Movie on .com , the best hardcore porn site .
is home to the widest selection of free Muscle sex videos full of the hottest pornstars .
If you 're craving sucking monster cock XXX movies you 'll find them here .
SPIEGEL Interview with NATO Head Anders Fogh Rasmussen ' We Will Stay in Afghanistan as Long as It Takes to Finish Our Job '
US President Barack Obama has recently announced a major troop buildup in Afghanistan and other NATO members will likewise be supplying more troops .
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen spoke with SPIEGEL about the ' warlike ' conditions in Afghanistan , how long NATO will stay and whether Russia might come to the alliance 's aid .
VADER
WELCOME TO THE MORBID REICH
If you peruse skeptical blogs you are probably familiar with the recent controversy over giving the Richard Dawkins award to Bill Maher by the Atheist Alliance International ( AAI ) .
To summarize , the AAI decided to recognize Bill Maher with their award named after Dr. Dawkins .
The award is for :
The Richard Dawkins Award will be given every year to honor an outstanding atheist whose contributions raise public awareness of the nontheist life stance ; who through writings , media , the arts , film , and / or the stage advocates increased scientific knowledge ; who through work or by example teaches acceptance of the nontheist philosophy ; and whose public posture mirrors the uncompromising nontheist life stance of Dr. Richard Dawkins .
The part that caused controversy was the bit about “ advocates increased scientific knowledge . ”
A number of skeptics ( Orac , I think , was most verbose ) had a problem with this because Bill Maher is an advocate for medical pseudoscience .
He does not believe in vaccines , he denigrates “ western medicine ” as a scam , and he has a problem with germ theory .
On RichardDawkins.net Josh Timonen gave was appears to be the official defense of the decision :
Whilst Richard was not involved in the decision , he is nevertheless happy to go along with it .
Just as he worked with Bishop Harries to protest against creationist schools in the UK , and just as he regularly recommends Kenneth Miller ’s books on evolution to religious people , he understands that it is not a prerequisite to agree with a person on all issues in order to unite in support of a common objective .
Richard and Christopher Hitchens do n’t see eye to eye on all political matters , but that does n’t stop them from working together against the dangers of religion .
Honoring the creation of ‘ Religulous ’ does not imply endorsement of all of Bill Maher ’s other views , and does not preclude Richard ’s arguing against them on future occasions .
It is simply showing proper appreciation of his brilliant film .
This misses the point , in my opinion .
If the award were solely for Religulous , and that were clear , I do n’t think anyone would have a problem with it .
But the award specifically cites “ science ” as a necessary criterion for the award .
Giving the Richard Dawkins Award to Maher was the equivalent of giving a prominent advocate of creationism and intelligent design a science award because of their opposition to the 911 truther movement .
I suspect that such a decision would not sit well with Richard Dawkins and some others who were perceived to be soft on AAI ’s decision .
The analogies to Miller and Hitchens are not apt – Maher is so far outside the scientific mainstream on medicine that it is incongruous to give him any science award .
I did not attend the AAI conference , but reports from those who did say that Dawkins , in introducing Maher , took care to criticize his views on medicine .
PZ
Myers writes :
The good news for all the critics of this choice is that Dawkins pulled no punches .
In his introduction , he praised Religulous and thanked Maher for his contributions to freethought , but he also very clearly and unambiguously stated that some of his beliefs about medicine were simply crazy .
He did a good job of walking a difficult tightrope ; he made it clear that the award was granted for some specific worthy matters , his humorous approach to religion , while carefully dissociating the AAI from any endorsement of crackpot medicine .
It wo n’t be enough , I know , but the effort was made , and talking to Dawkins afterwards there was no question but that Maher ’s quackery was highly objectionable .
I also got the impression that he felt the critics of the award were making good and reasonable points , and that he felt the awkwardness of the decision .
This can be seen as recognition by Dawkins that there were problems with the award .
I can only assume that this was specifically in response to criticism about giving Maher the award , since when Dawkins was first asked about the decision he simply said that he was not aware of Maher ’s views on medicine .
In the final analysis , the problem that many of us have with Maher getting the award is that the totality of his views clearly indicates that Maher is not a rationalist .
Because his religious views happen to coincide with those of the AAI does not mean that his views stem from a rational or scientific worldview .
In my opinion , AAI simply got snookered .
They focused on one aspect of Maher ’s opinions , ignored the big picture , and in the end gave a science award to a pseudoscientist .
We will get past this , but it is a sore spot that will continue to ache , because Maher is not going away .
Every time he spouts his nonsense about medicine it will cut a little deeper .
He is still at it – take a look at this recent interview with Bill Frist .
Frist is a doctor who has apparently kept up with the literature , and he seems to know what he is talking about .
Although I have criticized Frist in the past for putting his own ideology ahead of science on the Terry Schiavo case .
But in this interview , Frist was the side of reason .
Maher repeated his denigration of “ western ” medicine .
He also gets his facts wrong – he quotes Jonas Salk about the risks of live virus vaccines , without pointing out that the flu vaccine injections he is referring to are dead virus vaccines .
Maher further argues that the flu vaccine does not work , when the data say otherwise .
Here is an excellent review by Mark Crislip .
The bottom line is that the flu vaccine works , but it is not perfect , and the primary problem ( which Maher did get right sort of – it seems he can know the facts when it suits him ) is that the flu strains are constantly evolving .
Maher also downplays the risks of the H1N1 pandemic .
Here he is simply wrong – while H1N1 is not any more risky overall than the regular seasonal flu ( which kills 36,000 people a year in the US alone ) , it kills more young healthy adults and pregnant women .
Maher was telling pregnant women not to get vaccinated – Maher ’s advice kills .
And that leads us back to the specific reason why many of us had a problem with the AAI award – it adds to the reputation of a medical crank who is using his celebrity to harm the public health ( not intentionally , but that is irrelevant ) .
There is direct harm in Maher ’s medical views , and to me that trumps any other view he might have .
Sarah Jessica Parker is best known for playing Carrie Bradshaw Sex And The City star Sarah Jessica Parker has revealed a cow kicked her during filming of her latest movie Did You Hear About the Morgans ?
Speaking to US magazine Parade she said : " The cow kicked me in the middle of the scene and they left it in . "
The 44 - year - old added : " But I sympathised with the cow .
I did n't belong there and she knew it . "
Despite that experience , Parker admitted she had enjoyed making a film with co-star Hugh Grant .
" I have wanted to play opposite him in a romantic comedy for basically as long as Americans , especially women , have known and loved Hugh Grant , " she said .
" I did n't make any demands in terms of the interpersonal connecting of body parts .
I just did what I was told by the director .
But , every time I kissed Hugh , I told him I was doing it for America . "
The actress , who is best known for playing Carrie Bradshaw in US series Sex And The City , said she hopes there are no plans for a third film .
" I hope not , for all of America 's sake .
I mean , we 're lucky to have been able to manage to run around in heels on the sequel .
So we 'll see what the future holds , but this one has been really fun . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Omaha , Nebraska Family Law Attorney
Protecting Your Family , Finances and Future
In family law and divorce cases , people experience a wide range of emotions , including fear , guilt , anger and sadness .
There are no " winners . "
If you are going through a family law dispute , you need an attorney dedicated to understanding your needs and resolving these issues in a way that works best for you .
While it 's normal for people to simply want to " get their divorce overwith " the reality is the decisions you make through the process of your divorce will likely have a significant impact on your family 's financial and emotional well - being for years to come .
With a thoughtful and balanced approach to family law , Willow T. Head can help you work toward the best possible outcome for you .
Cotton is one of the most polluting industries in the world .
India is the second largest producer after Turkey .
Although cotton only occupies five percent of cultivated land in India , it accounts for more than half of the total pesticides used in farming there .
The cost to the country has not just been environmental .
The Green revolution in the late sixties introduced new hybrid seeds which were highly dependent on man made fertilizers and pesticides .
The overuse of chemicals has resulted in poisoned water sources and loss of land fertility often with deadly consequences .
Bojju Bai is an organic farmer in the Adilabad district of Andhra Pradesh .
She says borrowing from loansharks can be dangerous : “ Farmers growing transgenic cotton borrow money from moneylenders to buy chemical fertilisers , pesticides and seeds .
In case of crop failure , due to adverse conditions , like no rainfall and pests , the farmer is not in a position to give the money back .
Many feel forced to commit suicide ” .
In October and November , 45 farmers committed suicide here .
Most of them drank pesticide .
It is thought more than 17,500 farmers killed themselves between 2002 and 2006 .
But Bojju Bai found another answer .
She converted to organic cotton four years ago .
“ Before going organic I took a loan from a private middle man where I paid a 10,000 rupees loan per season and I had no income after paying the loan and interest .
Now I have some benefits ” .
Five years ago ‘ Project Chetna ’ was launched in response to this problem .
And two years ago , the Chetna Organic Farming Association was created to encourage Indian producers to go organic .
Farmers were trained on going back to eco-friendly practices such as using green fertilizers or cow urine as bio pesticides .
Siddharth Tripathy of Chetna Organic explains their aims : “ We are trying to improve the livelihood options of small farmers through making their farming systems more sustainable , more profitable , and it started as a supply chain initiative desk ” .
Farmers are learning that you do n’t have to depend on chemicals to get a good crop .
B.G. Mahesh is the programme manager for Chetna Organic .
He says there are many other solutions : “ There are lots of ecological remedies .. such as farmers reploughing during the summer season , or planting trap crops that attract the pests which would otherwise have attacked cotton .
Other methods include the use of botanical sprays , these are made up of nothing but plant and leaf extracts .
And then we have the completely natural examples like the insects in nature which feed on the pests ” .
The drive to go organic aims to support and generate other incomes apart from cotton .
Kohinur in the district of Adilabad , is one of the six villages implementing a watershed programme .
Two years ago the lake here did n’t exist .
Now farmers can sell and eat fish from it , and also use the water for their crops .
Pendur Sungu is part of the watershed group .
He explains the system they have in place : “ We ’re conserving water to increase the productivity of the crop :
This controls soil erosion and maintains the fertility of the soil ” .
Farmers cannot depend on just one crop because if it fails they have nothing .
They need food crops , cattle and biomass plants .
In Kohinur , ten landless women were given the opportunity to create a nursery for fruit and biomass plants .
This season they will share an income of 10,000 rupees .
Yashoda is one of the women given this opportunity .
She speaks of the profit she has made : “ We have produced 60,000 plants since February .
20,000 of them have been sold , earning 60,000 rupees ” .
More and more farmers are converting to organic farming in India .
Over 5,500 farmers have joined Chetna Organic since 2004 .
The Association provides access to markets , negotiates better prices and establishes links with retailers .
Bhaskar Chandra Adhikari is the State Coordinator for Chetna Organic in Andhra Pradesh .
He speaks of the conversion to organic cotton that is happening there .
“ In some villages we saw all the village members considering going organic and all the fields were organic .
They are n’t only producing cotton , they ’re also producing soya and red gram .
We identified about 1,520 villages like that , so it ’s a great achievement ” .
The sustainable chain of cotton production arrives directly to customers .
Quality is checked , organic cotton is traceable and it is internationally certified .
Turns out Microsoft had a lot to be thankful for in November .
According to data released today by the NPD Group , which tracks game industry figures , the Xbox 360 had its best November on record last month .
The system outsold the PlayStation 3 by more than 100,000 units , despite Sony 's new ad campaign , price cut and slimmed - down look .
Daily Fix Video December 11 , 2009
This news and more in the Daily Fix . - November NPD Numbers
- MW2 Sells 6 Million
- Game Sales A - Plenty
- Cameron's Avatar : Awesome
Helped along by higher - than - normal Black Friday sale activity and the launch of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , the 360 moved 819,500 units in November , according to NPD data .
" Call of Duty
see deal Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 $ 19.99 on Gamestop
Aaron Greenberg , director of product management for Xbox 360 , told IGN .
And although Greenberg could not provide exact bundle numbers , he did say Microsoft sold " hundreds of thousands " of the Modern Warfare - branded units in November .
That certainly helped boost the Xbox 360's holiday numbers .
And although the PlayStation 3 also had a great month , selling 710,400 units , Sony 's platform did n't come close to Microsoft's -- the opposite result analysts expected .
" As we had predicted to outsell the PlayStation 3 for this calendar year , we remain very much on path to do that and grow our install base relative to them , " Greenberg said .
For November , Xbox 360 owns 30 percent of the gaming hardware market share , up from 26 percent during the same month last year , according to Greenberg .
And that 's expected to grow as 2010 heats up .
" It 's pretty clear to any gamer out there that you can already count 6 - 7 blockbuster exclusive titles that are coming in 2010 .
Halo : Reach will clearly be the biggest game of 2010 hands - down , " Greenberg said .
" The big thing about next year is that every single month we have a AAA title starting in January .
" With Project Natal , Alan Wake and a slew of third - party sequels on the way ( Splinter Cell : Conviction , Mass Effect 2 , etc. ) on the way , Microsoft is gearing up for another big year .
When asked about the PlayStation 3 Slim and whether Microsoft would ever consider such a redesign for its console , Greenberg said , " We feel great about the hardware that we have in the market today and our focus has been on great bundle and doing things like the holiday bundle , and not on going back to the drawing board on a console . "
Amid loud student protests that roiled the UCLA campus , the UC Board of Regents this afternoon approved a 32 % increase in student fees .
The fee hike of $ 2,500 , or 32 % , will come in two steps by next fall .
That would bring the basic UC education fees to about $ 10,300 , plus about another $ 1,000 for campus - based charges , for a total that would be about triple the UC cost a decade ago .
Room , board and books can add another $ 16,000 .
Only student regent Jesse Bernal voted against the undergraduate fees .
The noise of protesters came through the window as the regents voted .
It was only lightly discussed , with UC President Mark G. Yudof urging that students explore all the financial - aid possibilities so they do n’t get scared away or drop out .
Groups of UC students from several other campuses arrived in Westwood to join a demonstration against the fee hike , and a group of protesters was occupying a UCLA classroom building .
UCLA officials declared Campbell Hall , where the sit - in continued , closed for the day .
Inside , about 40 to 50 students who had chained the doors shut shortly after midnight were issuing e-mail statements .
“ We choose to fight back , to resist , where we find ourselves , the place where we live and work , our university , ” their statement said .
Campus police surrounded the classroom building , but no arrests were made .
Now Is Our Time UN Secretary - General on the Copenhagen Climate Summit
In an open letter in the run-up to the the UN climate conference beginning on Dec. 7 , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon appeals to world leaders to come to Copenhagen and hammer out the foundation of what he hopes will eventually be an ambitious climate deal .
Von Ban Ki Moon
Paul Volcker 's World Banker Wake - Up Call
The poor bankers .
Now Paul Volcker is giving them hell .
Volcker was the last central banker in America to have any real integrity .
He saw what needed to be done and he did it .
He hiked up rates and brought consumer price inflation under control .
Thus began the bull market in bonds that continues to this day … 29 years later .
Volcker saved the dollar …and saved the US economy from a worse bout of stagflation .
Circumstances are very different today .
Now , our central bankers are trying to weaken the dollar .
They see it as a way to escape debt and get out of a depression .
This is , by the way , the depression caused by their own loose - money credit policies .
Under the influence of artificially low interest rates , people borrowed too much .
Then , they had to cut back … creating today ’s depression .
Bernanke and company think they can hold off a correction forever – by increasing the amount of cash and credit available .
How does that work , again ?
People have too much debt … so you give them more , right ?
Investors and businessmen made too many mistakes … so you enable them to keep making them , right ?
The bankers lent too much money to too many people who could n’t pay it back , so you insist that they offer more credit , right ?
Everyone is mad at bankers .
Not us , of course .
We pet underdogs .
We champion lost causes .
We stand by diehards .
As far as we ’re concerned , the bankers stole their money fair and square .
But the poor English bankers are n’t getting away with it .
The sourpuss government of Gordon Brown just hit them with a 50 % super - tax on their bonuses .
Boo hoo .
And here ’s Paul Volcker , as reported in the London Telegraph , telling them to wise up :
The former US Federal Reserve chairman told an audience that included some of the world ’s most senior financiers that their industry ’s “ single most important ” contribution in the last 25 years has been automatic telling machines , which he said had at least proved “ useful ” .
Echoing FSA chairman Lord Turner ’s comments that banks are “ socially useless ” , Mr. Volcker told delegates who had been discussing how to rebuild the financial system to “ wake up ” .
He said credit default swaps and collateralized debt obligations had taken the economy “ right to the brink of disaster ” and added that the economy had grown at “ greater rates of speed ” during the 1960s without such products .
When one stunned audience member suggested that Mr. Volcker did not really mean bond markets and securitizations had contributed “ nothing at all ” , he replied : “ You can innovate as much as you like , but do it within a structure that does n’t put the whole economy at risk . ”
He said he agreed with George Soros , the billionaire investor , who said investment banks must stick to serving clients and “ proprietary trading should be pushed out of investment banks and to hedge funds where they belong . ”
JERUSALEM –
One year after the devastating attack on Hamas in Gaza a new wave of reports castigating Israel for war crimes has emerged .
Now , Israel is fighting back with a report on the reports , picking on international NGOs such as Amnesty , Christian Aid , Oxfam , Trocaire , Finn Church Aid , Diakonia , and Cordaid .
The immediate target of Israeli ire is a collective report entitled " Failing Gaza :
No rebuilding , no recovery , no more excuses , " issued by these NGO , based in Europe .
" These organizations continue to exploit moral , legal , and humanitarian principles in order to promote political warfare against Israel .
Many of the claims in this report are not supported by credible evidence , and reflect double standards , " says Gerald Steinberg , president of NGO Monitor , the right - wing Israeli NGO .
" Through this systematic bias regarding Israel , these NGOs have lost respectability , and the European governments that fund such attacks share responsibility for this abuse , " says Steinberg .
Part of what inspires pro-peace NGOs operating in the troubled climate of the Middle East is the conviction that they can step into the breach that divides Israelis and Palestinians in order to prod them to prod their governments to revive peace prospects .
As Israel feels increasingly isolated in the wake of the Goldstone Report , about alleged war crimes during its Gaza war , the hard - line right - wing Israeli government is choosing to wage war by proxy on all Israeli pro-peace NGOs .
The Goldstone Report , presented by Justice Richard Goldstone , head of the U.N. fact finding mission to the Human Rights Council in Geneva on Sep. 29 , 2009 , accuses both Israel and Hamas of war crimes , but has been the subject of trenchant criticism from pro-Israeli groups .
For years Israeli peace organizations and human rights groups have enjoyed financial and moral support from many western governments in Europe and , to a lesser extent , from Washington .
Many reports by international groups were compiled with the support of Israeli peace activists .
The attempt to discredit peace groups has intensified as human rights violations have increased and settlement activity expanded , contrary to the peace credo of many western states .
It was into this heated atmosphere that the NGO Monitor entered to spearhead the Israeli counter - offensive with its report titled , " Trojan Horse : The Impact of European Government Funding for Israeli NGOs . "
NGO Monitor was established by Steinberg , a political scientist and security affairs analyst , together with a prominent Israeli settler leader and columnist , Yisrael Harel .
In " Trojan Horse , " NGO Monitor provides what it calls " a detailed analysis of funding provided by foreign governments for highly politicized Israeli NGOs . "
The report formed the basis of a conference held earlier this month in Israel ’s parliament , the Knesset .
" NGOs wield very significant political and legal power in Israel , particularly through their use of the language and frameworks of human rights and humanitarian assistance to the Palestinians .
These NGOs are also a major and often hidden channel for external influence in Israeli foreign and security policies , " charges the NGO Monitor report .
" By using the generous resources made available by the external donors , the Israel - based NGO network is able to promote particular political ideologies , and to oppose the policies of the democratically elected government on many issues , " it goes on .
" This hidden foreign intervention infringes on the sovereignty and independence of Israel by unbalancing the political process , and interfering with the policies of the elected government and the mainstream Zionist majority . "
The " Trojan Horse " report focuses its ire on more than 20 Israeli NGOs ; it lambastes " the lack of transparency and accountability " and what it calls the " democracy deficit " of these groups .
Among the groups targeted by NGO Monitor are B’Tselem , which just marked 20 years of activity in highlighting Israeli human rights abuses under the occupation , and Ir Amim which keeps tabs on developments in occupied East Jerusalem .
In the Knesset conference , the government was exhorted to clamp down on foreign funding which NGO Monitor says " both manipulates domestic politics and undermines Israel ’s international legitimacy . "
The monitored NGOs are not taking things lying down .
Didi Remez , formerly a spokesman for the Peace Now group , says campaigners against the peace organizations " would have us believe that they are acting in the interest of national security " … against " fifth columnists . "
He points out that top government officials – " a notable example is Ron Dermer , chief of policy planning in the prime minister ’s office " – play an increasingly active role in " this aggressive campaign to suppress internal dissent . "
Remez continues : " NGO Monitor is not an objective watchdog :
It is a partisan operation that suppresses its perceived ideological adversaries through the sophisticated use of McCarthyite techniques – blacklisting , guilt by association and selective filtering of facts . "
He suggests hoisting the critics of the peace groups on their own petard : " If Israeli neoconservatives really want ‘ transparency ’ , why not take them at their word ? "
He thus goes on to call for the proper scrutiny of funding of organizations that further settlement activity in the occupied territories .
" Hundreds of millions of dollars in Israeli taxpayer money and U.S. tax exemptions , mostly hidden from public view , are the driving force of the settlement enterprise .
Auditing their funding would undercut organizations which depend on financial opacity for their covert operations that fuel the settlement enterprise , " he says .
Beyond official Israeli government action in promoting settlements , such donations independently enhance a greater Jewish presence in Palestinian East Jerusalem and in development projects in many West Bank settlements .
" How long will the U.S. taxpayer put up with the tax - exempt status of Shuva Israel , a Christian Zionist fund , if they were aware that it supports the expansion of settlement outposts , even those illegal under Israeli law ? " questions Remez sarcastically .
The war on pro-peace NGOS could backfire , however .
It comes just when the U.S. State Department , inspired by President Barack Obama ’s re-engagement policy , is moving to re-energize NGOs whose activities dovetail with Washington ’s overall Middle East peace policies
It seems especially ill - conceived when , in the U.S. , there is new - found faith in civil society .
Obama was elected in no small measure because of his championing of civil society , which provided him with a grand platform to get his message across .
Moreover , NGO Monitor ’s assault on foreign governments for their meddling in what it considers Israel ’s domestic affairs through its support of peace groups risks antagonizing governments that are regarded as traditional friends of Israel .
For the peace NGOs what is perhaps more disturbing is the knocking they have taken from the global economic downturn .
The volume of donations they are receiving is reportedly down by more than a third .
( Inter Press Service )
MILLIONS of American women in the 1990s were told they could help their bodies ward off major illness by taking menopausal hormone drugs .
Some medical associations said so .
Many gynecologists and physicians said so .
Respected medical journals said so , too .
Along the way , television commercials positioned hormone drugs as treatments for more than hot flashes and night sweats  just two of the better - known symptoms of menopause , which is technically defined as commencing one year after a woman ’s last menstrual cycle .
One commercial about estrogen loss by the drug maker Wyeth featured a character named Dr. Heartman in a white coat discussing research into connections between menopause and heart disease , Alzheimer ’s disease and blindness .
“ When considering menopause , consider the entire body of evidence , ” Dr. Heartman said .
“ Speak to your doctor about what you can do to help protect your health during and after menopause . ”
Everyone is looking for more efficient ways to create energy .
Some or turning to wind energy , others to solar power and then there are efforts to harness the tidal movements of the ocean to create usable energy .
A new proposal has come about in England that is rather ingenius , if not disturbing for some .
See , crematorians need a lot of energy .
So , someone came up with the bright idea to capture the heat used to burn human bodies and use it to generate electricity .
Not sure how that would fit into Cap and Trade .
In Australia , not everyone is eager to be cremated but instead prefer to find eternal peace .
But laying everyone rest takes up a lot of space .
Even though has a huge plot of land in Western Australia that is basically unhibatable , there is a shortage of space for cemeteries .
An Australian company has come up with a great idea .
Why not bury people standing upright ?
Not exactly the restful position envisioned by most people , but the entrepreneur is taking an additional approach .
Not only does it save space , but it also will help save the planet .
He says that by simply drilling a 9 and a half foot deep , 30 inch wide hole and sticking gramps in the hole in a biodegradable bag , then the entire process is Green because it produces less carbon dioxide .
How ?
No casket .
One guy already took it one step farther .
He asked that he be left standing at his own wake .
He died and stood for three days to greet all of his visitors .
Perhaps that is not high tech enough for you .
I mean , we are in the 21st century .
And a Swedish company agrees .
Instead of cremation or burial ( vertically or horizontally ) they have a better idea .
How about freeze dried ?
Using liquid Nitrogen , dead bodies are frozen and then broken into bits so small it creates a powder … sorta like a fine slushy .
But , they use a vacuum process to remove all moisture and then a filter to remove any excess metals .. you know … in case gramps had a pace maker or fillings .
And , there you go…ashes to ashes dust to dust .
The company suggests that you can put gramps ’ powder on the grave to take advantage of all of the nutrients .
Hey , why not package it and sell it as fertilizer ?
I guess that grave that have plants growing the biggest and brightest is the ultimate proof that the person really was full of manure .
But like all new things , alternative burials can create unintended consequences .
It seems that in the region near the India - Nepal border , for many years there have been ritual burials in which a body is burned to some degree and then the burned bodies or remains are tossed into the Great Kali River .
It seems that the river has a type of catfish called a “ goonch ” that regularly dines on the human remains .
Legend has it that there is a large creature that prefers humans that are alive and a researcher has determined that the legend is real and that the predator is a giant “ goonch ” catfish that has gotten fat over the years from being fed the dead .
The conclusion is that through encouragement , the local customs have created a giant man eating fish .
He is suggesting that locals start using the more “ ecofriendly ” method of burial at sea .
Weather Bottom Line : Today is going to be pretty lousy .
Oh , the rain is out of the picture for the morning ; but the wind and falling temperatures will be the issue .
Overnight we had wind gusts to 46 mph in Louisville and the temperature climbed to 58 degrees at 4AM .
By 9 AM we had lost 10 degrees from that high and the main push of cold air will be pushing in by afternoon .
Do n’t be surprised to see below freezing temperatures by your drive home from work .
Winds will generally be 20 - 40 mph with perhaps higher gusts but I doubt if anyone will hit the ballyhooed 60 mph .
The waves on the river should be pretty good by late morning with a westerly component to the wind .
As the wind shifts more northwesterly by late day , the waves should back off somewhat .
Maybe some wrap around flurries late Wednesday since the cold air will be trying to squeeze out whatever moisture that it can .
Still think we wo n’t get out of the 20’s on Thursday .
There is another system that comes out of the west for the weekend that seems to me may begin as snow but warm air should surge northward and then it would turn to rain .
In a finding that is sure to add to one of the longest - running debates in music , a detailed analysis of the varnish on five instruments made by Antonio Stradivari reveals that he coated the wood with a rather humdrum mix of oil and resin .
Those looking to the varnish as the secret to the master Italian violin maker ’s renown , the study suggests , had best look elsewhere .
“ It ’s a very basic recipe , ” said Jean - Philippe Échard , a chemist at the Musée de la Musique in Paris , who , with other researchers in France and Germany , analyzed tiny samples of wood and varnish from the museum ’s Stradivarius collection , four violins and a viola d’amore dating from 1692 to 1724 .
Their study , published online on Thursday by a German chemistry journal , Angewandte Chemie International Edition , found that a drying oil , linseed or walnut , was used as a first coat to seal the wood .
That was followed by a coat of oil and pine , fir or larch resin , with red pigments added in all but the earliest instrument .
The recipe was probably little different from that used by others in the town of Cremona .
“ The ingredients were simple , so probably the skill was in his hand and eye , ” Mr. Échard said .
In the centuries since Stradivari ’s death , musicians , critics and luthiers  makers of stringed instruments  have debated what gives many of his 600 known instruments their brilliant tone .
Perhaps it was the wood he used or the patterns he developed , which are widely copied today .
Or perhaps , some suggested , there was a secret ingredient in his varnish  egg or animal - hide proteins in the base coat , and amber , myrrh or some other more exotic substance in the top coat  that stiffened the wood just so .
1. Manchester United are not an attacking team
Sir Alex Ferguson is happy to tell anyone who will listen that Manchester United 's attacking traditions cannot be compromised , but this tiresome prattle – swallowed up unthinkingly by the masses – is incontrovertibly contradicted by the evidence of this decade .
Ferguson was brainwashed first by a numbing but ultimately unfortunate defeat to Real Madrid in 1999 - 2000 and then by Carlos Queiroz , and changed his approach for the really big games , in which United 's approach is invariably at best cagey and at worst catenaccio .
Previously he wanted to score one more than the opposition ; now he wants to concede one fewer .
Previously the football Manchester United played was sexy ; now it is Sextonian .
A nadir was reached with their feeble surrender at Anfield yesterday , when United were well beaten by a desperately mediocre Liverpool side .
Such a conservative approach is not entirely without pragmatic merit , and has produced some very good results at Anfield , Camp Nou and Old Trafford in recent years , but those came when Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic were the best centre - back pairing in the Premier League .
Yesterday United flounced around like a team waiting to concede , with the inexplicable exclusion of Anderson contributing to a catatonic attacking display until Fernando Torres 's brilliantly taken opening goal .
It is not entirely inconceivable that this was the consequence of a collective loss of nerve among the players , but it has happened with such frequency over the last few years that all logic suggests they were adhering to instructions .
On Friday , Ferguson said that Liverpool was " the game " , but his disinclination to put the foot on Liverpool 's throat showed a disconcerting lack of awareness of how much the contest really means .
In context – with Liverpool in disarray and with a chance , maybe , to hound Rafael Benítez out of a job – this was the most spineless , lily - livered and unforgiveable performance of Ferguson 's 23 years at the club .
It betrayed the club 's attacking tradition ; even worse , it betrayed the tradition of never , ever giving Liverpool an even break .
2. Chelsea are not dependent on attacking full - backs
The oversimplified reading of a diamond formation * suggests that any success is significantly dependent on the excellence of attacking full - backs .
Yet Chelsea were without Ashley Cole and Jose Bosingwa when they obliterated Blackburn at the weekend .
Juliano Belletti played within himself at left - back , while Branislav Ivanovic was largely useless going forward .
It did not affect Chelsea at all .
With players of such ability and will there are so many ways to skin the cat : the unstoppable power of Didier Drogba , the craft of Michael Ballack , the subtlety of Frank Lampard , the force of Michael Essien , the pace of Nicolas Anelka , the mischief of Joe Cole – and the long - range shooting of all of them , with the Blackburn keeper Paul Robinson apparently trapped in a coconut shy .
Like Don Revie 's Leeds , with whom this Chelsea side share so much – from frightening physical and mental toughness to inexplicably frequent second - place finishes – their collective strength has the capacity to transcend everything else , be it context , opposition , or even tactics .
* How should we list a diamond formation ?
4 - 4 - 2 does n't tell the story ; 4 - 1 - 2- 1 - 2 looks pretentious .
4 - D - 2 ? 4-<4>-2 ?
3 . The net is closing around Phil Brown
For those who have warmed to Phil Brown 's unique fusion of David Brent , Walter Mitty and perma tan , this was a sad weekend .
Brown was booed for taking off Stephen Hunt during Hull 's 0 - 0 draw with Portsmouth ; he was lampooned by Steve Stone and Steve Watson on Goals on Sunday , a response to his own appearance on the show ; he had a fake Twitter page set up ; and a quick look at Google tells us that there are 654,000 results for the search " Phil Brown David Brent " .
All this would not matter , of course , if Hull even resembled a football team .
In a sense Brown is right when he says that he is a victim of his own success in getting Hull promoted , but everything points to a situation that is spiralling irredeemably out of control .
The net is closing around him .
Brown may not be of this league much longer .
We should savour him while we can , because it 's fair to say we will never see his like again .
4. James Milner is becoming a top - class player
Most players move imperceptibly through the career gears – average to good to very good to great – but occasionally a player 's ascent is tangible .
James Milner is in such a phase .
He has clearly gone up a notch this season , and his range of skills is greater than any other winger in England .
He is a pure footballer , an excellent crosser from open play or dead - ball situations , a subtle dribbler , an indefatigable worker , a humble team man , and versatile enough to play on both flanks or even in the centre .
The fact that he is not genuinely fast will probably stop him getting a place in England 's first XI at the World Cup – the right wing is the only obvious place where Fabio Capello can get blistering pace in his attacking sextet , and he is not going to displace Steven Gerrard on the left – but his versatility and quality should earn him a squad place .
And at 23 , he has scope for even more improvement .
5. Birmingham should play 4 - 4 - 2 more often
So many factors determine a football match that an obsession with tactics to the exclusion of everything else can occasionally seem like tedious intellectualising , but those who watched Birmingham 's emphatic defeat of a good Sunderland side ascribed a clear link between that performance , in which they scored two for the first time this season , and the fact that they finally played two up front .
While many managers seem to rebel against their playing careers – fantasy footballers like George Graham , Glenn Hoddle and Kenny Dalglish became arch - pragmatists – Alex McLeish is generally true to the values of his playing days : start with a clean sheet and let the rest take care of itself .
Birmingham did n't keep a clean sheet but they did win on Saturday ; and given that the brilliant Christian Benítez , who has to stay in the team , probably does not have enough Premier League experience to play up front on his own , it 's an approach McLeish will surely revisit .
In The Forever War , I had fun writing about cooking under primitive conditions .
It ’s easy to write about because you do n’t have to explain things so much .
People understand cooking over a fire .
When you start to go into cuisines , you risk losing your readers because the descriptions require too much detail , or it ’s too gross .
SPECIALIZATION OF OUR WEB DESIGN COMPANY IN DUBAI
As a Web Design Agency Dubai we aim to offer our clients with credible web based ideas that in the long run prove to be beneficial for our customers online presence .
At Infoquest , we emphasize on providing rich user experience that innovates your business ideas and objectives .
Being a leading Web Design Company in Dubai Infoquest ensures to deliver project milestones on time .
TECHNOLOGICAL EXPERIENCE AS WEB DEVELOPMENT DUBAI
As one of the most prominent Web Development Companies
In Dubai , we at Infoquest earnestly work as a team to help you make a niche of your own in the digital world .
Infoquest a Web Design Company Dubai is bundled with years of experience in web designing and development solutions .
Our team ’s experience in providing you technological ideas that helps you stand strong against the ever - changing digital algorithm .
Our determination to deliver success to our clients through scalable creative web design services makes us the ultimate choice for your Web Development Company in Dubai .
HOW WE ARE UNIQUE WITH OTHER WEB DEVELOPMENT COMPANIES IN DUBAI
Constant technology upgrades and integration are the match winners on the digital platform .
We as Web Development Company , Dubai provide unique web designing , SEO content , PHP , Web development and many more IT solutions to both small and medium companies .
As a Web Development Company Dubai our high quality approach in providing our clientele with unique automation process facilitates the business to grow bigger every day .
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION GUARANTEED AT DUBAI WEB DESIGN COMPANY
As a leading Web Design Agency Dubai , we never relent going an extra mile to deliver the best possible result .
Our client ’s success on the Internet is our eventual lookout and to do so we focus on quality management , which earns our customers trust and satisfaction .
As a part of Web Development Dubai our highly qualified team of professionals follows stringent software development life cycle ( SDLC ) measures to provide flawless web experience , which is interactive and robust .
Infoquest as a Web Design Company , Dubai ensures our customer ’s retention is never compromised .
Website Developer Dubai .
Helping people to create a solid and fluid interfaced Website for the client 's businesses - Infoquest .
Our solutions are promoting Websites covering new altitudes in the Digital World .
Get in touch with us for better solutions for your website .
Get experts like professional Web Designer Dubai
FETCH THE BEST ROI GUARANTEED ECOMMERCE WEBSITES
We are very well expertise in producing high performance chic Ecommerce sites .
With years of experience in successfully implementing many projects we ensure that you can get more than you expect in ROI .
Seriously if you want to generate quality traffic to your Ecommerce sites and increase your conversion rate day by day you can’t find a better place than us in Ecommerce Website Development in Dubai .
The Greenland ice sheet is a vast body of ice covering 1.71 million km² , roughly 80 % of the surface of Greenland .
It is the second largest ice body in the World , after the Antarctic Ice Sheet .
The ice sheet is almost 2,400 kilometers long in a north - south direction , and its greatest width is 1,100 kilometers at a latitude of 77 °N , near its northern margin .
The mean altitude of the ice is 2,135 meters .
The thickness is generally more than 2 km ( see picture ) and over 3 km at its thickest point .
It is not the only ice mass of Greenland – isolated glaciers and small ice caps cover between 76,000 and 100,000 square kilometers around the periphery .
Some scientists believe that global warming may be about to push the ice sheet over a threshold where the entire ice sheet will melt in less than a few hundred years .
If the entire 2.85 million km³ of ice were to melt , it would lead to a global sea level rise of 7.2 m ( 23.6 ft ) .
This would inundate most coastal cities in the World and remove several small island countries from the face of Earth , since island nations such as Tuvalu and Maldives have a maximum altitude below or just above this number .
The Greenland Ice Sheet is also sometimes referred to under the term inland ice , or its Danish equivalent , indlandsis .
It is also sometimes referred to as an ice cap .
Ice sheet , however , is considered the more correct term as ice cap generally refers to less extensive ice masses .
The ice in the current ice sheet is as old as 110,000 years .
However , it is generally thought that the Greenland Ice Sheet formed in the late Pliocene or early Pleistocene by coalescence of ice caps and glaciers .
It did not develop at all until the late Pliocene , but apparently developed very rapidly with the first continental glaciation .
The massive weight of the ice has depressed the central area of Greenland ; the bedrock surface is near sea level over most of the interior of Greenland , but mountains occur around the periphery , confining the sheet along its margins .
If the ice were to disappear , Greenland would most probably appear as an archipelago , at least until isostasy would lift the land surface above sea level once again .
The ice surface reaches its greatest altitude on two north - south elongated domes , or ridges .
The southern dome reaches almost 3,000 metres at latitudes 63 °–65 °N ; the northern dome reaches about 3,290 metres at about latitude 72°N .
The crests of both domes are displaced east of the centre line of Greenland .
The unconfined ice sheet does not reach the sea along a broad front anywhere in Greenland , so that no large ice shelves occur .
The ice margin just reaches the sea , however , in a region of irregular topography in the area of Melville Bay southeast of Thule .
Large outlet glaciers , which are restricted tongues of the ice sheet , move through bordering valleys around the periphery of Greenland to calve off into the ocean , producing the numerous icebergs that sometimes occur in North Atlantic shipping lanes .
The best known of these outlet glaciers is Jakobshavn Isbræ ( Kalaallisut : Sermeq Kujalleq ) , which , at its terminus , flows at speeds of 20 to 22 metres per day .
On the ice sheet , temperatures are generally substantially lower than elsewhere in Greenland .
The lowest mean annual temperatures , about - 31 °C ( - 24 °F ) , occur on the north - central part of the north dome , and temperatures at the crest of the south dome are about - 20 °C ( - 4 °F ) .
During winter , the ice sheet takes on a strikingly clear blue / green color .
During summer , the top layer of ice melts leaving pockets of air in the ice that makes it look white .
The ice sheet , consisting of layers of compressed snow from more than a hundred thousand years , contains in its ice today ’s most valuable record of past climates .
In the past decades , scientists have drilled ice cores up to four kilometres deep .
Scientists have , using those ice cores , obtained information on ( proxies for ) temperature , ocean volume , precipitation , chemistry and gas composition of the lower atmosphere , volcanic eruptions , solar variability , sea - surface productivity , desert extent and forest fires .
This variety of climatic proxies is greater than in any other natural recorder of climate , such as tree rings or sediment layers .
Positioned in the Arctic , the Greenland ice sheet is especially vulnerable to global warming .
Arctic climate is now rapidly warming and much larger Arctic shrinkage changes are projected .
The Greenland Ice Sheet has experienced record melting in recent years and is likely to contribute substantially to sea level rise as well as to possible changes in ocean circulation in the future .
The area of the sheet that experiences melting has increased about 16 % from 1979 ( when measurements started ) to 2002 ( most recent data ) .
The area of melting in 2002 broke all previous records .
The number of glacial earthquakes at the Helheim Glacier and the northwest Greenland glaciers increased substantially between 1993 and 2005 .
In 2006 , estimated monthly changes in the mass of Greenland ’s ice sheet suggest that it is melting at a rate of about 239 cubic kilometres ( 57.3 cubic miles ) per year .
A more recent study , based on reprocessed and improved data between 2003 and 2008 , reports an average trend of 195 cubic kilometres ( 46.7 cubic miles ) per year .
These measurements came from the US space agency ’s GRACE ( Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment ) satellite , launched in 2002 , as reported by BBC .
Using data from two ground - observing satellites , ICESAT and ASTER , a study published in Geophysical Research Letters ( September 2008 ) shows that nearly 75 percent of the loss of Greenland ’s ice can be traced back to small coastal glaciers
If the entire 2.85 million km³ of ice were to melt , global sea levels would rise 7.2 m ( 23.6 ft . ) .
Recently , fears have grown that continued global warming will make the Greenland Ice Sheet cross a threshold where long - term melting of the ice sheet is inevitable .
Climate models project that local warming in Greenland will exceed 3 degrees Celsius during this century .
Ice sheet models project that such a warming would initiate the long - term melting of the ice sheet , leading to a complete melting of the ice sheet ( over centuries ) , resulting in a global sea level rise of about seven meters .
Such a rise would inundate almost every major coastal city in the World .
How fast the melt would eventually occur is a matter of discussion .
According to IPCC , the expected 3 degrees warming at the end of the century would , if kept from rising further , result in about 1 meter sea level rise over the next millennium
Some scientists have cautioned that these rates of melting as overly optimistic as they assume a linear , rather than erratic , progression .
James Hansen has argued that multiple positive feedbacks could lead to nonlinear ice sheet disintegration much faster than claimed by the IPCC .
According to a 2007 paper , “ we find no evidence of millennial lags between forcing and ice sheet response in paleoclimate data .
An ice sheet response time of centuries seems probable , and we cannot rule out large changes on decadal time - scales once wide - scale surface melt is underway
The melt zone , where summer warmth turns snow and ice into slush and melt ponds of meltwater , has been expanding at an accelerating rate in recent years .
When the meltwater seeps down through cracks in the sheet , it accelerates the melting and , in some areas , allow the ice to slide more easily over the bedrock below , speeding its movement to the sea .
Besides contributing to global sea level rise , the process adds freshwater to the ocean , which may disturb ocean circulation and thus regional climate .
Researchers monitoring daily satellite images have discovered that a massive 11 - square - mile ( 29 - square - kilometer ) piece of the Petermann glacier in northern Greenland broke away between July 10 and July 24 , 2008 .
The last major ice loss to Petermann occurred when the glacier lost 33 square miles ( 86 square kilometers ) of floating ice between 2000 and 2001 .
Between 2001 and 2005 , a massive breakup of Sermeq Kujalleq erased 36 square miles ( 94 square kilometers ) from the ice field and raised the awareness of worldwide of glacial response to global climate change .
Check more Daily News
Claim : Photographs show a coyote that survived an eight - hour trip wedged behind a car bumper .
TRUE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , November 2009 ]
Meet the wiliest of all coyotes :
Hit by a car at 75 mph , embedded in the fender , rode for 600 miles — and SURVIVED !
Meet the wiliest of all coyotes :
Hit by a car atembedded in the fender , rode forSURVIVED !
When a brother and sister struck a coyote at 75 mph they assumed they had killed the animal and drove on .
They did n’t realize this was the toughest creature ever to survive a hit - and - run .
Eight hours , two fuel stops , and 600 miles later they found the wild animal embedded in their front fender – and very much alive .
Last updated :
The circulating text and photos shown above , about a coyote that was rescued relatively unharmed after it was hit by a car on an interstate and spent the next eight hours wedged behind a car bumper , were taken directly from a
28 October 2009 Daily Mail article on the subject .
As the Union of Western Nevada County , California , reported a few weeks prior to the Daily Mail article , the coyote shown was hit by a car in which Daniel and Tevyn East were traveling during a drive from Colorado to California in early October 2009 .
The vehicle struck the coyote near the Utah - Nevada border , and the Easts assumed the animal had been killed by the collision — they did n’t notice until they reached their destination in California about eight hours later that the coyote was wedged behind their car ’s front bumper .
Even then , they did n’t realize the animal was still alive ; when they found it to be still moving , they summoned a wildlife volunteer who extricated it from the automobile and found it to be unharmed save for a few scrapes and scratches :
“ [ Daniel ] saw fur and the body inside the grill , ” Tevyn East said .
“ I was trying to keep some distance .
Our assumption was it was part of the coyote — it did n’t register it was the whole animal . ” “ [ Daniel ] saw fur and the body inside the grill , ” Tevyn East said .
“ I was trying to keep some distance .
Our assumption was it was part of thedid n’t register it was the whole animal . ”
Daniel East got a broom to try and pry the remains out of the bumper and got the shock of his life .
“ It flinched , ” Tevyn East said .
“ It was a huge surprise — he got a little freaked out . ”
Tevyn and Daniel huddled with Jeffrey Adams , who got on the telephone with volunteers from Wildlife Rehabilitation and Release .
Volunteer Jan Crowell arrived with a kennel and equipment to help corral the coyote , including a catch pole with a loop , and the delicate operation to rescue the coyote got under way .
Crowell was able to get the catch pole loop around its neck and used that to guide the animal into the dog carrier .
She then took the coyote home , where she rehabilitates wild mammals , for observation .
“ I was just amazed , ” Crowell said .
“ Quite frankly , I figured it would have broken bones . ”
When the 45 - pound canine calmed down , the only injuries it appeared to have sustained were a scratch on one leg and a scrape on the pad of one paw , she said .
The rescued coyote escaped from its wildlife kennel a few days later , before it could be shipped back for release in Utah , and is now presumably leading a wild coyote ’s life in northern California .
Last updated : 5 February 2015
Sources :
The Shame Orb started out as something Randy said to me while we were at a strip club .
Presumably it involved shame in some way .
See you tomorrow !
Picasso's Little Guitar sculpture is said to be priceless
Italian police have found a toy guitar sculpture created by Pablo Picasso for his daughter Paloma , which had been kept in a shoe box by a businessman .
Rome police tracked the sculpture down to the businessman 's apartment in Pomezia , a town south of the capital .
The businessman , who was not named , was charged with fraud and is now on bail .
Picasso gave the piece to an Italian artist , Giuseppe Vittorio Parisi .
He then lent it to the businessman , who was to make a glass showcase for it .
The plan was for the priceless piece to go on display at the civic museum in Maccagno , a small town on Lake Maggiore in northern Italy where Parisi was born .
But the piece disappeared after Parisi handed it over two years ago .
When Parisi died in January this year his widow told police that it was still in the businessman 's hands .
The Little Guitar will now go on display at the museum in Maccagno , Italy 's Ansa news agency reports .
An expert is reported to have authenticated the work , which bears the inscription " Paloma " .
Celebrated as a pioneer of Cubism , Picasso is widely regarded as one of the 20th Century 's greatest artists .
I hate bankers and so should you .
Why ?
Because bankers steal a little bit of Christmas cheer every year .
For the past several years , bankers have stolen a lot of Christmas cheer .
Like the Grinch from Dr. Seuss ’s famous children ’s tale , How the Grinch Stole Christmas , bankers have hearts two sizes too small , and by means of burglary , they do their best to deprive everyone of Christmas every year .
Only unlike the Grinch , despite stealing from people every year , bankers never learn and never reform , they never return to the people the vast amounts of money they stole from them , and they are cold - hearted and arrogant enough to claim that they are doing “ God ’s work ” ( as stated by Goldman Sachs Chairman and CEO Lloyd Blankfein , when in reality , they do much more harm to society as a whole than good .
And this makes the majority of bankers worse than the even the loathed Grinch himself .
Since the institution of banking was founded , bankers have been guilty of deceit , fraud and theft .
During Biblical times , “ Jesus went into the temple , and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple , and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers [ bankers ] ..
And he taught , saying unto them , Is it not written , my house shall be called of all nations the house of prayer ?
But ye have made it a den of thieves . ” ( Mark 11:15 - 17 )
Fast forward almost a couple thousand years later , and bankers were still committing the same theft .
In fact , over a period of eighteen hundred years , bankers learned nothing from being cast out by Jesus from the temples , and they continued to commit such questionable acts of morality that even a man of very questionable character himself showed nothing but contempt for them .
Though historians noted that former US President Jackson committed numerous hateful acts against Choctaw , Chikasaw , and Cherokee American Indians , Jackson despised bankers so much , that in front of a delegation of bankers , he stated the following :
“ Gentlemen , I have had men watching you for a long time , and I am convinced that you have used the funds of the bank to speculate in the breadstuffs of the country .
When you won , you divided the profits amongst you , and when you lost , you charged it to the bank .
You tell me that if I take the deposits from the bank and annul its charter , I shall ruin ten thousand families .
That may be true , gentlemen , but that is your sin !
Should I let you go on , you will ruin fifty thousand families , and that would be my sin !
You are a den of vipers and thieves .
I intend to rout you out , and by the eternal God , I will rout you out . ”
Fast forward another one hundred and eighty years , and we discover that bankers have failed to evolve even a tiny iota from their deceitful nature .
When ex-CEO and former US Secretary Henry Paulson lied to the American people and to US Congress by asking for more than $ 800 billion of funds for the purposes of helping American home owners and then committed the ultimate bait - and - switch fraud by handing this money to his banking friends , he epitomized the very warning Andrew Jackson levied against bankers in the 1800 ’s : “ When you won , you divided the profits amongst you , and when you lost , you charged it to the bank . ”
In this case , Paulson acted beyond the normal level of immorality of bankers , and charged the banks ’ losses to every single American citizen .
Unlike the Grinch , who repented from the error of his ways over a period of a few days , bankers have refused to repent for the unsound monetary system they have created for more than two thousand years !
To understand why Jesus threw bankers out of the temple , why a former governor of the Bank of England stated that banking “ was born in sin ” , and why Andrew Jackson , a focus of much hatred and contempt among American Indians , viewed bankers as so immoral , that despite his own immense character flaws , he made it his own personal crusade to throw out all bankers from US government , one must understand how bankers continually rob all citizens of their wealth every day .
To state that bankers lie , deceive , rob and steal from all citizens every day is not an exaggeration .
The means by which they do so today has drastically changed from the means they employed centuries ago , so this is why so few people understand that bankers continually rob them .
Most people do n’t understand that bankers ensure the continual devaluation of the purchasing power of all money in the system by not only literally creating money out of nothing but also by creating money as debt .
This process , to which they cleverly assign the word “ inflation ” is in reality a tax that constitutes a direct theft of your savings , and no different than the tax British monarch King George imposed upon the American colonists that triggered the American Revolution .
The bankers have only changed the mechanism by which they collect this tax , and the word that they use to describe this mechanism .
In America , this hidden tax of inflation , which is a euphemism for the devaluation of the currency that sits in your savings account , is directly responsible for the following situation that Eric Schlosser described in his national bestseller , Fast Food Nation :
“ It used to be , even in low income families , that the father worked and the mother stayed home to raise the children .
Now it seems that no one ’s home and that both parents work just to make ends meet , often holding down two or three jobs .
Parents increasingly turn to the school for help , asking teachers to supply discipline and direction . ”
The above paragraph described the family life of many families that lived in Middle America almost a decade ago .
Due to an unsound monetary system that has led to relentless devaluation of the US dollar , the situation described above will explode in intensity and magnitude over the next five years , and affect everyone in America , no matter your income level and socio-economic status .
As the US dollar continues to lose purchasing power , despite a current possible extended rally against the pound and Euro , middle - class America will sink into the ranks of the poor .
If the world operated on a sound monetary system , even in low - income families , the mother could still stay home to raise the children .
Today , even in middle - class families , thanks to bankers , the mother does not have the option to stay home and raise the children .
When the situation of both parents working two or three jobs and their kids attending high school while working 20 + hours a week is still not enough to make ends meet , crime will explode in America during the next five years .
It is the critical problems of these very families that the bankers are creating through their monetary policies that will come home to roost in America .
In reality , I do n’t hold hatred in my heart for anyone .
Christmas is a time for forgiveness and none among us are infallible and none among us are without sin .
Yet , to be forgiven , those that continually do wrong must repent , and bankers have yet to do anything that demonstrates that they have even the slightest amount of regret and remorse for the economic upheaval and chaos that they have created throughout the world in recent years .
The rich , though they may not care to understand the tale of How the Bankers Stole Christmas now , should make it their prerogative to understand this as soon as possible .
Why ?
The current course the bankers have set us on has ensured that the rich will soon become victims of desperate masses of people in their country that will see a huge degradation in their quality of life due to the recent monetary policies bankers have elected to impose upon their citizens .
When large portions of the middle class are destroyed , masses of people that never considered stealing before , will steal and loot due to the simple instinct of survival , and a great battle between “ the haves ” and the “ have nots ” will ensue in future years in many developed countries , as crazy as this concept sounds today .
Should the people choose to understand " How the Bankers Stole Christmas " , the inevitable massive increase in crime that will accompany the sinking of the middle class into poverty can be avoided .
If instead , everyone chooses to buy into the propaganda of the bankers , then this same scenario , as crazy as it sounds today , will come true in the future just as the “ crazy ” stock market crashes I predicted in 2006 eventually materialized in 2008 .
And the biggest culprit of this shameful scenario , should it materialize , will embarrassingly be our own refusal to see the truth about how bankers have commandeered today ’s “ modern ” monetary system for their own benefit , and their own benefit only , to the detriment of every single citizen they claim to be helping .
If one doubts the enormous reach of banker ’s tentacles into governments , then perhaps now is a good time to review former IMF Chief Economist ’s Simon Johnson ’s brilliant article , “ The Quiet Coup ” .
Escape the destruction of your city with just one button !
The game that popularized the infinite runner genre is back with two - player mode , new challenges , new music , new achievements , and new leaderboards !
Canabalt is available now on these fine videogame platforms :
Fay & Associates , LLC
is an established Minneapolis law firm committed to representing those who have been injured in accidents and on the job .
During your most difficult times , you turn to people you know you can trust .
Things should not be any different when you have legal concerns .
If you have suffered a personal injury , have been in a car accident or need help after a workplace accident — you do not have to be alone during this time .
At Fay & Associates , LLC , our lawyers are here to help you get the compensation you deserve so you can start on the road to recovery .
Ed ’s Public Safety , a dealer that which calls itself “ Georgia ’s # 1 GLOCK Dealer and GLOCK Law Enforcement Distributor ” , has published photos of the Glock 22 Gen4 .
I am sure Glock ’s PR people are pretty annoyed right about now !
Glock 22 Gen4
Gen4 Dual Recoil Spring .
Note magazine has two cut-outs to accommodate swappable mag release .
How the backstrap attaches .
Tool provided with gun .
Backstraps are marked “ M ” ( medium ) and “ L ” ( large ) .
The new RTF3 texture
Gen4 frame ( Top ) and 3rd Gen Frame ( Bottom )
So just to summarize all the point about the Glock Gen4 …
Initially Glock 17 ( 9 mm ) and Glock 22 ( .40 S&W ) will be available .
Compact models will follow later in 2010 .
Features duel recoil spring which should increase reliability .
Features Swappable backstraps .
Magazine release swappable between left and right .
Old magazines still work , but only when mag release is on left side .
Gen4 slide is clearly marked as “ Gen4 ″ .
Retail price for G17 and G22 Gen4 is about $ 700 ( actual prices will be lower than this ) .
Glock will cease sales of the 3rd Generation and RTF models .
[ Hat Tip : Pistol Training ]
The Many Faces of Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder The Fort Hood shooting puts spotlight on soldiers suffering from PTSD .
Nov. 13 , 2009  -- On Aug. 4 , 2009 , Master Sgt. Jason
Swain says he dumped all his medications into his hand .
Cupping the little pile of pills , he flashed back to his brother 's attempted suicide , and the image of his mother 's pain - distorted face .
Every day , on average , 18 American veterans commit suicide .
Through the haze of guilt and pain , Swain realized he did n't want to be one of them .
Swain 's voice quivers as he talks , as if sobs are just one random memory away .
But the 38 - year - old 's first words betray the nearly clinical training of the Army intelligence analyst he is .
" I 've been here since Aug. 5 , suffering from some bad complications from my PTSD , severe depression and suicidal ideations . "
In the Miami Veteran 's Affairs Hospital 's Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ward , Swain is in the middle of a 14 - week inpatient program .
In the wake of the shooting rampage at Fort Hood , Texas , Nov. 5 , that left 13 people dead , allegedly at the hands of a fellow soldier , Army Maj .
Nidal Hasan , soldiers who struggle with stress like Swain , have come back into the spotlight .
When he was posted in the 1st Cavalry in Fort Hood , Swain worked across the street from the site of the rampage .
" My first thought was there is no way that just happened at Fort Hood .
I sat there watching the television as the reports got in and I actually got tearful , I actually sobbed , " Swain said .
Everyone Is on the Front Line
Rates of PTSD , which may or may not have played a role in Hasan 's case , along with traumatic brain injuries , are soaring , and are a leading cause of suicide among veterans and active duty troops , officials say .
By some estimates , as many as 40 percent of veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan suffer from one of the two , or both .
Veterans Affairs officials blame the dual hazards on multiple deployments and roadside bombs .
During the Vietnam War , said Dr. Daniella David , program director of the Miami Veteran 's Affairs Hospital 's PTSD ward , troops were only deployed for about 14 months during each four - year enlistment period .
Today , troops are often deployed twice in the same time span .
And because of the randomness of roadside bombs , or IEDs , everyone is , in effect , serving on the front lines .
" Soldiers who are not traditionally in combat roles , such as truck drivers , mechanics , cooks , who are on the road a lot , are very much exposed to combat experiences because they are exposed to IEDs , " David said .
" They are exposed to seeing dead bodies and civilians and enemy combatants getting killed . "
According to David , there is no " rear " any more for U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan -- there is only the front line .
As a result , she says , calls for help are up .
" I think it puts a little more pressure on us , " she said , " but at the same time , I think it 's something that we want to have happen in order to help earlier . "
For Swain , it did n't happen early enough .
Round - faced , with the paunch of a soldier who never had to run for work , he confesses that , as an imagery analyst , he 'd never been in a combat unit .
But the violence came to him one August day in Iraq .
He had changed the shift of one of his charges , 22 - year - old Sgt. Princess Samuels .
As she walked back to her bunk after her shift , an incoming mortar killed her .
PTSD Disrupts Family Life for Some Returning Troops
" For the longest time , I held myself responsible , " Swain said as he sucks in what seems a gallon of air , " because I had changed her shift ; if I had n't changed her shift , she would n't have been in that spot when the mortars came in . "
Swain was deployed back to Fort Hood , Texas , and then to Southern Command in Miami .
He grew moody and distant from his wife and 8 - year - old daughter .
Plagued by forgetfulness , he ploughed ahead with work .
Tortured by memories of Samuels , now buried in Arlington National Cemetery , he worked harder to ensure his new troops were safe .
But as he labored , he was stricken with the guilt of spending too little time with his family .
Once he was home , all he could think about was work .
" A gap developed between me and my wife .
It got to the point where I was a scary person , I 'd ball up my fists , get red .
I was not the same person that she had married , and was not the same father to my daughter . "
Trying to Break the Silence Is Key
Victor Montgomery , whose book , " Healing Suicidal Veterans " was published this year , says most troops can't communicate what they 're feeling , until there 's a crisis .
" Sometimes troops have a hard crust around them .
And even when they sit down for a psychological screening after a deployment , they often do n't divulge what they 're feeling and thinking .
They 're just trying to suck it up and get on with their lives , " Montgomery said .
Healing active duty troops and veterans requires greater awareness and better trained counselors .
Montgomery cites a Rand Corporation study that found 75 percent of veterans do n't get the type of help they need .
A Vietnam veteran , Montgomery cites a startling fact : it 's estimated that as many as 100,000 Vietnam veterans have committed suicide -- nearly twice the number of troops killed during the war .
I asked Swain why an 18 - year veteran of the Army , an intelligence analyst with a lot to lose would risk going public with his story .
Swain grew silent for a moment , then leaned forward in his metal hospital chair .
" One of my goals , without even realizing it , when I agreed to do this , was to let people know who might be suffering or know someone who is suffering that it 's OK to come in and get help . "
He paused for a second , then continued .
" Because what you have left to live for is the rest of your life . "
In their groundbreaking 1988 book , Manufacturing Consent , professors Ed Herman and Noam Chomsky not only explained , but documented with extensive case studies , how mass media and public opinion are shaped in a democracy .
Twenty years later , can their " propaganda model " still be used to explain modern media distortions ?
That was one of the main questions discussed last week at a conference in Windsor , Ontario , titled " 20 Years of Propaganda ? "
Organized by Dr. Paul Boin , the conference drew hundreds of scholars and activists including myself , and more than 1,000 people attended a closing speech by Chomsky on May 17 .
The " propaganda model " that Herman and Chomsky put forward in Manufacturing Consent has made the book notable ( some would say notorious ) as the most influential book by serious academics to challenge the common dogma of media objectivity in the United States .
When it first appeared , it was almost unheard - of to suggest that U.S. media such as the New York Times , Time and Newsweek magazines and CBS News were propaganda vehicles .
Today things are somewhat different .
Across the political spectrum , there is a widespread belief that disinformation , deception and propaganda pervade the media .
On the internet , the initials MSM have become a standard term of disparagement for untrustworthy " mainstream media . "
The right has in fact far surpassed the left at denouncing the myth of media objectivity and has developed an entire industry of think tanks , media watchdogs and pundits such as Michelle Malkin or Anne Coulter who devote themselves to discovering and denouncing purported instances of media bias -- while enjoying privileged media access themselves .
Based on my own experiences -- as a Central American solidarity and antiwar activist during the 1980s , as the co-author of two books about Iraq titled Weapons of Mass Deception and The Best War Ever , and as someone who studies the public relations industry and propaganda in general at the Center for Media and Democracy ( CMD ) --
I see no shortage of evidence showing that propaganda is very much alive and well as a force shaping public opinion and public policy .
Propaganda Model Holds True for Iraq
When considering media coverage of the current war in Iraq , much of Herman and Chomsky 's propaganda model is directly relevant .
For example , they identify the differential treatment given to " worthy " vs. " unworthy " victims of violence as a signature characteristic of propaganda .
" A propaganda system , " they wrote , " will consistently portray people abused in enemy states as worthy victims , whereas those treated with equal or greater severity by its own government or clients will be unworthy .
The evidence of worth may be read from the extent and character of attention and indignation . "
In The Best War Ever , John Stauber and I examined this aspect of media coverage of the war in Iraq in a chapter titled " Not Counting the Dead . "
One of the things that distinguishes the current war from past wars -- including World War II or even the Vietnam War -- is that even the United States soldiers who have died or suffered injuries are included among the " unworthy victims " whose suffering is to be treated in a sanitized , minimal way .
As an example , we examined ABC - TV Nightline 's broadcast of " The Fallen , " an April 2004 program that consisted in its entirety of a narrator reading the names of the soldiers who had died by that date in Iraq , accompanied by still photographs of their faces .
This broadcast , more than a year after the war began , was considered controversial at the time for its unusual frankness in mentioning the dead at all .
One media company , the Sinclair Broadcast Group , ordered its ABC affiliates not to carry the broadcast on grounds that " appears to be motivated by a political agenda designed to undermine the efforts of the United States in Iraq . "
In reality , the broadcast was an exercise in minimalism if we compare it to the photos that were published documenting the horrors of past wars .
During the U.S. Civil War , for example , Mathew Brady 's photographs of bodies sprawled across the battlefield at Antietam were incomparably more graphic , shocking and evocative than the limited , ceremonial and sanitized report that appeared on Nightline .
When it comes to Iraqi victims of the war , the coverage has been even more limited .
Whereas there is at least an available count of the American war dead , U.S. journalists have not challenged military spokespeople 's claim that counting Iraqi civilian deaths would be " irresponsible " because of the difficulties in giving " firm estimates given the wide range of variables " which make it " impossible for us to maintain an accurate account . "
Researchers from Johns Hopkins University and Al Mustansiriya University in Baghdad have conducted two separate surveys of Iraqi mortality .
By 2006 they concluded that the war had claimed an estimated 650,000 lives , but their research was largely ignored in the America media , aside from brief mentions in the New York Times , Washington Post and Wall Street Journal , which declared that their findings were " controversial , " " cooked up , " " bogus " or " politically motivated " -- even though the researchers had used state - of - the - art survey techniques widely recognized as the best methodology for estimating deaths in other war zones previously .
For examples of other propaganda patterns predicted in Manufacturing Consent , such as media reliance on information supplied by official sources , we have Judith Miller 's credulous reports in the New York Times about aluminum tubes and other alleged proof of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction .
We have numerous studies conducted by FAIR of guests on evening newscasts , in which they found that 75 percent of the sources quoted were either current or former government or military officials , only one of whom expressed opposition to the war .
Official sources are also the main ones cited in more recent " news analysis " in the New York Times , such as Michael Gordon 's piece titled " Get Out of Iraq Now ?
Not So Fast , Experts Say , " or David Sanger 's " The Only Consensus on Iraq : Nobody 's Leaving Right Now . "
In short , the war in Iraq offers plenty of evidence showing that the information presented in U.S. media distorts reality and that those distortions have been the basis for the degree of public support of the war which still exists -- even though public support has fallen .
These aspects of the critique by Herman and Chomsky therefore remain relevant and important today .
The Five Filters
At the same time , the history of the past 20 years since the book was written suggests that the five " filters " highlighted in the first chapter of Manufacturing Consent -- media ownership , the importance of advertising , reliance on official sources , " flak " produced by wealthy interest groups , and anti-communism as an ideological control mechanism -- serve better as descriptions of the media as they existed then in the United States than they do of media as they exist today .
The five filters are an essential part of the Herman - Chomsky propaganda model , because they provide a way of explaining how propaganda can enter the media in a Western democratic society , without an overt system of outright coercion or censorship .
It is easy , of course , to understand how propaganda enters the media in authoritarian systems like the former Soviet Union or Saddam Hussein 's Iraq : anyone who fails to recite official dogma simply gets imprisoned or killed .
The propaganda filters described in Manufacturing Consent explain how the " free market " system itself can screen out " unacceptable " ideas , without the use of guns and gulags .
This analysis provides a structural explanation for propaganda , unlike most right - wing critiques of the media , which rely simply on psychological assumptions about journalists ( they " hate America " or have a " liberal bias " ) to explain why the media fail to more fully reflect their own values .
I would argue , however , that the five filters described by Herman and Chomsky are specific to the mass media in the United States during the period when they wrote their book .
Today , the media are changing .
The rise of propaganda during the 20th century in part reflected the cultural and political effects of two world wars as well as the Cold War .
It was reflected the culmination of the industrial revolution and the dominance of certain specific communications technologies -- newspapers , radio , television -- capable of mass - producing and broadcasting messages for public consumption .
As the word " manufacturing " in Manufacturing Consent suggests , the mass media throughout the 20th century were largely based on a model of mass production similar to the assembly lines and railroads of the industrial revolution : a command - and - control system overseeing the production of messages that emanate outward from major hubs .
This model was envisioned metaphorically in the now - iconic logo of RKO Pictures , which depicted a huge radio tower atop the earth , from which messages radiated electronically to the planet .
These were the technologies and political forces that defined the media when Manufacturing Consent was written .
In 1988 , cable and satellite television had only recently emerged as important media and were only briefly mentioned in the text of the book , while the internet was not mentioned at all .
Today , in place of " broadcasting " we hear increasingly of " narrowcasting . "
Rather than a single mass audience consuming the same broadcast information , we have multiple audiences , interests , and information channels .
The emergence of new communications media challenge the propaganda / broadcast model by increasing the number of channels through which information reaches the public , and also by lowering the costs of entry to previously - excluded voices .
On the internet in particular , blogging , virally - distributed email and collaboratively - written wikis have changed the traditional distinction between " broadcaster " and " audience . "
Instead of relying on " one - to - many " broadcasts , people can now get information through " one - to - one " and " many - to - many " systems in which they themselves choose and create their own media from diverse sources .
Let 's look at how the internet functions with relation to the five filters described by Herman and Chomsky .
1. Media Ownership
In Manufacturing Consent , Herman and Chomsky state that " the cost of machinery alone , of even very small newspapers , has for many decades run into the hundreds of thousands of dollars " and call this " the first filter -- the limitation on ownership of media with any substantial outreach by the requisite large size of investment . "
On the internet , however , someone can set up their own website with its own domain name for a hosting fee as low as a few dollars per month .
At no additional charge , they can download and install free open source software to add interactive features comparable in sophistication to those available on internet versions of major newspapers .
A number of highly successful websites have begun in just this fashion .
Craigslist , which now has local versions in every major city in the United States and many mid-sized cities , began as a personal online mailing list maintained by Craig Newmark .
Wikipedia , which is currently one of the ten most highly - visited websites in existence , only had a single employee during the first two years of operation ( and laid him off for lack of funds shortly before its traffic began to hit the stratosphere ) .
For large , heavily - trafficked websites , obviously there are expenses involved in maintaining servers , software upgrades , content creation and so forth .
However , the price of entry into internet publishing is dramatically lower than the price of entry into traditional media such as newspapers and television .
2. Advertising
Herman and Chomsky consider advertising " the second filter , " arguing that " The advertisers ' choices influence media prosperity and survival .
The ad - based media receive an advertising subsidy that gives them a price - marketing - quality edge , which allows them to encroach on and further weaken their ad - free ( or disadvantaged ) rivals . "
On the internet , by contrast , advertising - heavy websites may attract more revenue than ad - free sites , but the ads themselves are perceived as such a nuisance by readers that they hardly provide a quality advantage .
Moreover , the advertising model used by many sites , including bloggers in particular , relies heavily on Google ads , in which the selection of advertisements for inclusion on a page is based on search engine - driven keyword matches in which advertisers seek to place their ads on sites relevant to their products .
In practice virtually any website will contain content that matches some advertiser 's keywords , so this system does not impose much pressure on sites to tailor their content to advertisers ' wishes ( although it probably does create an incentive for the creation of online porn ) .
Moreover , many of the top websites in existence have challenged the influence of advertising in other ways .
Wikipedia 's users have generally opposed placing even Google ads on their site , even though doing so would generate tens of millions of dollars annually .
Instead , they have raised funds through appeals for donations from users and , only recently , though corporate and foundation grants .
The Craigslist website actually runs free advertisements and has been a source of consternation for traditional newspapers , which are seeing their own revenues from classified ads as marketing money shifts to online venues .
3. Reliance on Official Sources
The internet has given rise to a phenomenon called " citizen journalism " which assumes , from the outset , that any amateur can be a journalist -- a trend that has drawn both complaints and interest from conventional journalists .
In South Korea , OhmyNews became popular and commercially successful with the motto , " Every citizen is a reporter . "
It has a staff of some 40 - plus traditional reporters and editors who write about 20 percent of its content , with the rest coming from other freelance contributors who are mostly ordinary citizens .
Similar examples of this trend include websites like Wikinews , ePluribusMedia , NewAssignment.net and CMD 's own wiki , SourceWatch .
Much of traditional journalists ' reliance on official sources is based on their regular " beats . "
It happens at all levels of journalism .
I used to work as a newspaper reporter for a small daily paper ( circulation : 7,000 ) in the town of Portage , Wisconsin .
Simply by virtue of the fact that I covered city council and county board meetings , I quickly became acquainted with the mayor , the local sheriff , local businesspeople , etc .
When those are the people you bump into regularly , they become your sources .
That dynamic is somewhat different , however , with citizen journalists .
Just as anyone can become a journalist , anyone can become a source .
The first photograph of flag - draped coffins returning from Iraq was not taken by a traditional journalist but by Tami Silicio , a cargo worker in Kuwait who worked loading the coffins into airplanes for shipment home .
She took the picture with a digital camera , emailed it to a friend back home , who took it to the Seattle Times .
( After it was published , Tami was fired from her job . )
The damning photos of human rights abuses at Abu Ghraib were also not taken by journalists but by the abusers themselves , who documented their own crimes .
And it was another soldier , Sergeant Joseph Darby , who discovered the photos , copied them onto a CD , and exposed the scandal .
In both of these instances , the ease with which digital media can be reproduced and transmitted helped bypass the filter of official sources .
4. Flak
Herman and Chomsky define " flak " as " negative responses to a media statement or program .
it may take the form of letters , telegraphs , phone calls , petitions , lawsuits , speeches and bills before Congress , and other modes of complaint , threat , and punitive action . "
( Note that " flak " is different from " flack , " a derogatory term for publicists . )
Many of the new internet media are sources of flak , and people across the spectrum of American politics have learned to use flak for their own purposes .
On the internet itself , however , flak is not much of a deterrent to free discourse .
Lawsuits are difficult to mount and even more difficult to win , especially given the ease with which people can blog or email anonymously .
If anything , the " negative responses " that Herman and Chomsky describe help fuel the popularity of popular websites like the Daily Kos or Drudge Report , which attract much of their audience precisely by stirring passionate and even ugly debate .
5. Anti-Communism
With the end of the cold war , anti-communism has faded somewhat as a national ideology .
These days much of this sort of rhetoric is couched in the language of " anti-terrorism " or " anti-Islam " -- or , more generally , anti-anti-Americanism .
The use of anti-communism as a filtering ideology should probably be seen , therefore , as simply one example of a broader filter , namely , " nationalism as an ideological control mechanism . "
Rhetoric vs. Reality
Enthusiasts of new media are fond of declaring that the internet " changes everything . "
Today , we are told , " markets are conversations . "
Corporations and other elites must therefore listen to their stakeholders as never before .
Secrecy and manipulation from above can supposedly no longer survive the harsh glare of public scrutiny in this new media environment .
The importance of these developments should not be underestimated , but they should not be exaggerated either .
The trends I described above may seem to contradict some of the analysis presented in Manufacturing Consent , but thus far things have n't changed all that much .
Far from it .
Any serious contemplation of the process by which the United States went to war in Iraq tells us that propaganda is still a powerful force in shaping public opinion .
As the growing public unrest with the war demonstrates , propaganda is not all - powerful , but it has been powerful enough to create war hysteria against a country that posed no threat to the American people and to keep Americans mired in that war for four years and counting .
One reason that things have not changed as much as the techno - utopians imagine is that the traditional broadcast media remain the dominant media today .
Television is still the main medium through which Americans get their information about the world .
Much of the ferment that I have been describing on the blogosphere actually consists of people discussing what they have seen on TV , read in newspapers or heard on the radio .
New media such as the internet will undoubtedly continue to grow in importance as time progresses , but their actual impact to date is still limited .
Another , equally important factor , is that although the specific filtering mechanisms that Herman and Chomsky describe in Manufacturing Consent may not apply in the same ways to the internet , new techniques of molding and directing public opinion are emerging along with the new media .
The Edelman public relations firm , for example , has created what they call a " me2revolution " unit that focuses specifically on developing PR techniques for new internet media .
Edelman recently partnered with Technorati , a leading search engine devoted specifically to bloggers .
Edelman is funding an " accelerated development effort " to expand Technorati's search capabilities into languages including Chinese , Korean , German , Italian and French .
In exchange , they hope to gain the ability to better monitor what bloggers are saying about their clients .
And they 're not just listening .
Edelman is also resposible for the coinage of a new term : " flog " for " fake blog . "
On behalf of Wal - Mart Stores , their employees have posed as " grassroots " bloggers on two Wal - Mart - sponsored websites , " Working Families for Wal - Mart " and " PaidCritics.com , " which -- rather ironically -- slams the " paid critics [ who are ] smearing Wal - Mart . "
Here we see a long - standing propaganda tactic -- the creation of front groups -- being retooled for the internet .
With regard to Iraq , we 've also seen the military experimenting with various internet - based PR strategies including posting its own videos on Google Video and YouTube and hired the PR firm of Manning , Selvage & Lee to help distribute pro-war content feeds to " milbloggers . "
More recently , they have tried blocking internet access for active - duty soldiers .
While these may appear to be contradictory strategies , both seek to control the messages relayed online .
As new technology enters the mainstream , therefore , we can expect changes in the techniques used to influence public opinion , but institutions with wealth and power will continue to do so .
Power still concedes nothing without a struggle .
This article is adapted from Sheldon Rampton 's presentation at the University of Windsor 's conference on " 20 Years of Propaganda ? "
Many of the links in the above article are to articles on SourceWatch , the Center for Media and Democracy 's collaborative online encyclopedia .
SourceWatch volunteer editors can help update , expand and improve these or any of the other SourceWatch profiles of people , issues and groups shaping the public agenda .
It 's free to sign up , and we 'd love to have you join us .
new strategery ( not a typo )
* We recently sought out the advice of some consultants on how to make reddit more " web 2.0 compliant . "
The mockup they provided included the following comments and suggestions :
Interesting site , but the team has some thoughts on how to better leverage your core competencies .
Luckily , your site fits nicely into the new paradigm , but there some things that will need to be changed before we can take the plunge :
1. Focus groups revealed that the logo with reflection is much more appealing than just the logo .
2. Adding a greek character ( alpha , beta , etc. ) is a great way to signal to the market " hey , we 're not quite done right now , so do n't judge us . "
We thought using " gamma " would really set you apart as a website that 's on the bleeding edge .
3 . Tag clouds are ubiquitous in Web 2.0 , but why can't we push the envelope ?
That 's where the tag maelstrom comes in .
This would ideally be animated in Flash .
4 . Bigger font sizes , bigger icons -- bigger is better .
Everyone can claim that they 're making a site easy enough for your grandmother to use , but how many have got one easy enough for her to read ?
5. Gradients .
Solid colors not only scream Web 1.0 , they also do n't correlate with user happiness , but gradients do .
( see chart )
6 . Ad space .
You guys seem to have a total disregard for revenue , let alone actual profit .
There 's prime real estate on the top of your page being wasted on headlines that could be used for Google ads .
They do n't even have to be relevant , just as long as they are big enough to accidentally get clicked on .
By taking these initiatives , the team believes that you all have a very good chance to aggressively position yourselves in this quickly saturating market .
View reddit2mockup.jpg ( 127 K )
Clients at the Beacon , a downtown day center for the homeless , received a strange visit during this afternoon 's free lunch : attorney Andy Vickery , who held a press conference to announce that he and other lawyers will be representing both them and the Beacon .
Christ Church Cathedral , which runs the Beacon , was recently sued by a neighbor who alleges that the " derelicts " it assists have become a public nuisance , destroying the value of his business and property in the process .
So the church has taken the unusual step of hiring a lawyer and public - relations firm to defend itself in and out of court .
" It 's unique that a homeless organization would be sued .
Especially during the season of giving and compassion , " says the church 's new PR man Jay Hickman .
Personal injury attorney Harry C. Arthur , who filed the suit , runs his practice and owns offices in the Marine Building across the street .
He claims the 400 or so clients the Beacon attracts daily from Friday through Monday are scaring away tenants and clients .
" If this was Skid Row like in New York City , or Skid Row like in Los Angeles and you come down and feed these people , that 's one thing .
But this is n't where people normally stay and sleep .
And the thing that attracts them is the church , " Arthur tells Hair Balls .
According to Arthur and neighbor Deborah Keyser -- another lawyer who recently wrote a letter in support of the suit -- the Beacon 's clients regularly sleep , litter , go to the bathroom and use drugs on and around their property , especially after the Beacon closes at night .
" No matter how good your intentions are , when you are affecting someone 's peace -- that 's what a nuisance is , " Arthur says .
" If all you do is feed them , you encourage them to stay on the street .
And I 'm afraid that may be kind of a little bit what 's happening .
They do n't have any incentive to do anything . "
Arthur says the problem has greatly increased over the past year as more and more people have arrived to access the Beacon 's services .
By summer , the Beacon was reporting a 20 - to 30 - percent increase in clients , which its director Tracy Burnett credited to the worsening economy .
But Arthur believes the new clients are being bused in from elsewhere .
" I think they 've always been homeless , " he says .
" I do n't know that the economy has anything to do with it .
... I guess maybe a little . "
The unemployment rate in Houston is now 8.6 percent , up from 5.3 percent at this time last year .
Anthony Love , director at the Coalition for the Homeless of Houston / Harris County , likens Arthur 's actions -- which call for $ 250,000 and a court injunction to shut down the Beacon 's services -- to " suing a hospital for having too many sick people " and says it could set a dangerous precedent for shutting down other homeless services in the city .
Says Vickery : " I guess the bottom line is that homelessness is a problem .
It 's a significant problem .
But the Beacon did n't cause homelessness .
And we 're working like crazy to be part of the solution . "
Documents long classified but scheduled to be released at the end of 2009 will not see the light of day just yet thanks to the Obama administration , according to a published report .
Under pressure to grant an extension to intelligence agencies that have reviewed only a fraction of the “ millions of pages , ” the administration is allowing an undetermined amount of time for additional consideration of the materials , a report in The Boston Globe notes .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The documents in question – all more than 25 years old – were scheduled to be declassified on Dec. 31 under an order originally signed by President Bill Clinton and amended by President George W. Bush , ” wrote reporter Bryan Bender .
Both presidents Clinton and Bush also granted the agencies extensions , in 2000 and 2003 .
However , Bender added , “ because [ the Obama ] administration has been unable to prod spy agencies into conformance , ” no such release is scheduled any time soon and it may be years before they are disclosed .
This , in spite of the president ’s repeated assurances of increased transparency .
The decision to extend declassification deadlines for the agencies “ would run counter to the Obama administration ’s push for more openness in the federal government , including the declassification process , ” noted ProPublica .
“ In May , the Globe points out , Obama ‘ ordered a 90 - day review by the National Security Council ” of the classification process . ”
In a memorandum to the heads of executive agencies , President Obama wrote that his administration will “ take appropriate action , consistent with law and policy , to disclose information rapidly in forms that the public can readily find and use . ”
The president has said he wants to establish a National Declassification Center that would review documents scheduled for release .
The White House position has been that no government information should remain classified forever , with the president seeking to establish timelines of 25 - 75 years for the disclosure of secret documents .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the Globe , over 400 million pages of declassified , historical U.S. government documents are still waiting to be indexed in the National Archives for public viewing .
Today I ran the second round of rematching .
I would first like to thank all of the generous redditors who have decided that sometimes it is better to give than receive .
These people signed up to give gifts again and not receive anything more than a pat on the back from yours truly .
Here is the way this worked :
1 . There were about 173 people who met rematching criteria .
Specifically this was :
Have shipped a gift
Noone confirmed shipping to you
2 . There were about 15 people who had not confirmed shipping AND had not be confirmed as shipped to .
These people were not rematched .
3 . People who shipped more than one gift and shipping was confirmed for at least 1 gift were not rematched .
If you were rematched , you would have received an email with instructions .
You will retrieve these matches and proceed just as you did originally .
Thanks again ! ,
kickme444
Keith 's note :
As most of you know by now , Charlie Bolden is relentless in his focus on the value of education .
What if you were inclined to create NASA 's version of Starfleet Academy to prepare students for a career in space exploration .
What would it do ?
What location (s ) would be best ?
What age group (s ) should it focus on ?
What courses would it teach ?
What skills would it emphasize ?
I am not talking about recreating ISU .
Rather , I am talking about something much broader and technically oriented - an education that actually equips students to be able to participate in all aspects of space exploration including hands - on experience with hardware , software , operations , design , and science .
What if students were to get out of the classroom and actually go on " away missions " , take real risks , get dirty , make decisions in a real operational environment - both in the control room and in the field ?
What if students could also participate regardless of where they live ?
Where should the academy begin ?
College ?
High school ?
Grammar school ?
Should the academy focus only upon training people to eventually work in space exploration or also focus on things relevant to other non-space fields ?
Serious replies , please .
If you have not registered , now is a good opportunity to do so .
Hours after the man suspected of killing four Seattle - area police officers was shot to death Tuesday , prosecutors said they had evidence of an extensive network of friends and relatives who helped him evade a massive manhunt .
Two friends of Maurice Clemmons , who was killed in the predawn hours after a Seattle officer recognized him , were arraigned in Pierce County Superior Court on charges of rendering criminal assistance .
Authorities said at least three other people , including a driver who allegedly helped Clemmons flee the suburban coffee shop where the ambush occurred , soon could be charged .
According to court documents , friends and family helped Clemmons , 37 , dress his gunshot wound and provided him with a cellphone , transportation and shelter as he sought to evade the dragnet laid across western Washington .
Prosecutors said that on Saturday , Clemmons had boasted to brothers Douglas and Eddie Davis of his plan to go out and kill police officers , showing them two handguns .
Clemmons returned to their home the next day and announced he had “ taken care of his business , ” the brothers told detectives .
Advertisement
The two were charged Tuesday with a Class C felony .
Douglas Davis was detained on $ 500,000 bail ; his brother ’s bail was set at $ 700,000 .
A third man , Rickey Hinton , was ordered held for an additional 72 hours until prosecutors could prepare charges against him .
Officers from the Lakewood Police Department supported relatives of their fallen colleagues as they left the courtroom .
The slain officers were Sgt. Mark Renninger and Officers Ronald Owens , Tina Griswold and Greg Richards .
“ We are all relieved to have Maurice Clemmons off the street , but there ’s still work to be done here .
We ’re not going to rest until everyone involved in this murder in any way is brought to justice , ” Pierce County Prosecuting Attorney Mark Lindquist told reporters .
“ When you help a criminal , you become a criminal . ”
Clemmons was spotted about 2:45 a.m. Tuesday when a veteran Seattle officer noticed a car idling on the side of the road in the Rainier Valley area , its hood up .
When he stopped to check , the officer discovered the car had been reported stolen hours earlier .
The officer then detected movement behind him .
Advertisement
“ He recognized the person who was approaching him to be looking . . . just like the person that has been broadcast as the possible suspect in the tragic homicide in Lakewood , ” Seattle Assistant Police Chief Jim Pugel said .
The officer ordered Clemmons to stop and show his hands .
Instead , the suspect began running around the disabled car .
The officer fired several rounds .
“ It was all over in 15 seconds , ” Pierce County sheriff ’s spokesman Ed Troyer said .
After he was killed , Clemmons was found to have one of the slain officers ’ guns , authorities said .
Advertisement
According to court documents , Clemmons apparently arrived at the coffee shop in Parkland on Sunday morning with two handguns -- a .38 - caliber revolver later found with six spent shell casings and a 9 - millimeter handgun .
It had one spent casing .
Two baristas said they fled out a back door and got into their car as soon as Clemmons began firing .
They saw him struggling with one of the officers at the front door of the coffee shop as they drove down the street .
Clemmons was shot in the abdomen .
“ The medics . . . were shaking their heads when they saw that the suspect had been shot directly in the middle . . . and the guy managed to leave a scene -- let alone walk around for a couple days , ” Troyer said .
“ He had gauze and cotton stuffed in the hole with duct tape over it .
If we had n’t have gotten him , that wound would have eventually taken care of it . ”
Prosecutors said they were interviewing a purported getaway driver to determine how much he had known in advance of Clemmons ’ plans before deciding whether to charge him with murder .
Advertisement
As for Hinton , his involvement allegedly began Saturday night , when Clemmons asked him for the keys to his pickup , saying he “ needed it the next morning , ” the court documents said .
Hinton told officers that Clemmons showed up on foot Sunday morning , bleeding .
Hinton gave Eddie Davis the keys to his Pontiac and told both brothers to “ get Clemmons out of there . ”
He instructed one of his relatives to delete Clemmons ’ numbers from his cellphone .
At Clemmons ’ request , Douglas Davis said , he made two phone calls to a number the fugitive gave him before dropping Clemmons off at a female relative ’s home .
According to authorities , the relative helped Clemmons clean his wound and change clothes .
Then she took him to the Auburn Super Mall parking lot , where another woman in a small white car picked him up .
Advertisement
Prosecutors said Tuesday that they had interviewed a woman who identified herself as a friend of Clemmons , and who admitted she had picked him up in a Seattle parking lot and taken him to her home .
After Clemmons told her he had killed the police officers , the woman bought medical supplies , helped treat his wound and allowed him to change clothes and do a load of laundry .
She then dropped him off near a house in Seattle ’s Leschi neighborhood that police subsequently surrounded Sunday night .
Clemmons had telephoned residents of that house to tell him he was coming , but they reported it to authorities , who apparently arrived two or three minutes after he left .
Troyer said detectives had not come up with a motive for the police killings , “ other than the fact [ Clemmons ] was locked up in jail , and the night before , he told a group of friends : ‘ Watch the news , ’ and he was going to go out and kill some cops . ”
Advertisement
Clemmons had a history of violent crime .
He would have been serving a 108 - year prison term in Arkansas , but his sentence -- for crimes including aggravated robbery and illegal possession of a firearm -- was commuted in 2000 .
Last week , Clemmons made bail in Washington after being charged with assault on a police officer and second - degree rape .
On Tuesday , Lakewood Police Chief Bret Farrar said : “ I just want to thank all my brothers and sisters in law enforcement for the hours and hours of tireless work .
. . .
I knew that they would bring this to a resolution -- they would find this person . ”
kim.murphy@latimes.com
This article was amended on Monday September 29 2008
In the article below we said that Blythe Masters of JP Morgan developed the credit derivatives which were at the heart of the current financial crisis .
We apologise for unfairly failing to give her an adequate opportunity to respond and for making inaccurate personal references about her .
The guide to which we referred was a general guide to credit derivatives and not just about those she created ; she was 34 , rather than 35 , when she became chief financial officer of JP Morgan ; and she was not working in hospital before having her baby , but viewing financial data to pass the time .
If Warren Buffett is to be believed in his verdict that derivatives are " financial weapons of mass destruction " then Blythe Masters is one of the destroyers of worlds .
British - born Masters is one of the most powerful women on Wall Street and is widely recognised as one of an elite group dubbed the " JP Morgan mafia " that fostered the creation of the complex credit derivatives at the heart of the current crisis ripping through Wall Street .
Many of the highly qualified mathematicians and academics who worked on the credit derivatives market in the early days have gone on to run hedge funds and into high - powered jobs at other investment banks , but most of them started out at JP Morgan .
Masters sees things slightly differently .
In a brief email exchange with the Guardian , she said : " I do believe CDSs [ credit default swaps ] have been miscast , much as poor workmen tend to blame their tools . "
In 1997 , she and a team developed many of the credit derivatives that were intended to remove risk from companies ' balance sheets .
The idea was to separate the default risk on loans from the loans themselves .
The risk would be moved into an off - balance sheet vehicle .
The product was called Bistro , otherwise known as broad index secured trust offering .
In a guide to understanding the instruments she had created , Masters sung their praises : " In bypassing barriers between different classes , maturities , rating categories , debt seniority levels and so on , credit derivatives are creating enormous opportunities to exploit and profit from associated discontinuities in the pricing of credit risk . "
Masters was raised in south - east England , where she attended the exclusive King 's public school in Canterbury on a scholarship .
She got a economics degree from Cambridge , and from the beginning had been attracted to the esoteric world of derivatives .
In her spare time , she is a keen horsewoman .
She joined the JP Morgan commodities desk and worked her way up the organisation .
At the age of 35 she was appointed chief financial officer of the investment bank , but for the past two years has been head of currencies and commodities .
Her focus on the job reached almost comic levels when she famously took her wireless device into the hospital to get quotes on commodity derivatives as she was having a baby .
The banks argued that by trading credit derivatives of the kind pioneered by Masters , they had spread their risk elsewhere and therefore needed lower reserves to protect against loan defaults .
Regulators rolled over and the banks loaned ever more .
It was a huge success and the market for credit derivatives grew rapidly .
But the instruments might not have much longer .
One of the fall - outs from the current crisis is the call that banks should carry their own risk .
Harry Potter fans are abuzz this week with news that the final film installment , " Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , " will likely include a dream sequence featuring Harry ( Daniel Radcliffe ) and Hermione ( Emma Watson ) in a " very sexy " nude scene .
The film , slated for release in two parts -- the first opening in late 2010 -- includes " mature " content that director David Yates created exclusively for the big screen , while axing parts of author J.K. Rowling 's original manuscript .
Is it wrong to sex up a childhood icon like Harry Potter ?
Potter is just taking cues from the competition :
Next to the perpetually shirtless Twilight vampires , Harry Potter looks " a little staid , " says Stuart Heritage in Britain 's Guardian .
By showing a little skin , Harry is just trying to keep up with the competition .
Let 's just hope this does n't set a precedent for other big - screen adaptations of children 's books — nobody wants to see " the Very Hungry Caterpillar 's nipples . "
" Harry Potter enters the Twilight zone "
Showing Harry Potter nude is just wrong :
Fans may be intrigued by celebritites baring all , says Charlotte Martin in Britain 's The Sun , " but there are some stars we never want to see in that way . "
Harry Potter is one of them .
Just yesterday Potter was a " wee lad waving his wand to cast spells " — it 's far too soon to picture him waving his other " magic wand . "
" Nudes that make you go ewww "
It 's an amateurish move :
It 's no longer safe to assume that " just because these movies are made for children , they wo n't go there , " says James Brady Ryan in Nerve.com .
Director David Yates calls the Harry Potter nude scene " intriguing " and " sexual , " but in reality it just sounds like he " brought in a 15 - year - old fan - fiction writer " to fiddle with the script .
" Daniel Radcliffe ( And maybe Emma Watson ? ) will be naked in Deathly Hallows "
Do n't worry , parents .
It will still be rated PG - 13 : The first three Harry Potter films were rated PG , says Joseph Baxter in G4tv.com , and the next batch slipped to PG - 13 as the plots grew darker .
" I seriously doubt " this film , which has n't been rated yet , will go far enough to earn an R rating .
It 's hard to know what the creative team is up to -- unless they really think Harry Potter fans have grown up .
" Harry Potter : First image of Deathly Hallows , Harry to get nude ? "
............................................
SEE RELATED STORIES FROM THE WEEK :
• Harry Potter and teen drinking
• ' Avatar ' world premier :
The first reviews are in
• Is ' Princess and the Frog ' racist ?
Cenk Uygur highlights this excellent article from Truthdig -- Michele Bachmann : Welfare Queen :
Michele Bachmann has become well known for her anti-government tea - bagger antics , protesting health care reform and every other government “ handout ” as socialism .
What her followers probably do n’t know is that Rep.
Bachmann is , to use that anti-government slur , something of a welfare queen .
That ’s right , the anti-government insurrectionist has taken more than a quarter - million dollars in government handouts thanks to corrupt farming subsidies she has been collecting for at least a decade .
And she ’s not the only one who has been padding her bank account with taxpayer money .
Bachmann , of Minnesota , has spent much of this year agitating against health care reform , whipping up the so - called tea - baggers with stories of death panels and rationed health care .
She has called for a revolution against what she sees as Barack Obama ’s attempted socialist takeover of America , saying presidential policy is “ reaching down the throat and ripping the guts out of freedom . ”
But data compiled from federal records by Environmental Working Group , a nonprofit watchdog that tracks the recipients of agricultural subsidies in the United States , shows that Bachmann has an inner Marxist that is perfectly at ease with profiting from taxpayer largesse .
According to the organization ’s records , Bachmann ’s family farm received $ 251,973 in federal subsidies between 1995 and 2006 .
The farm had been managed by Bachmann ’s recently deceased father - in - law and took in roughly $ 20,000 in 2006 and $ 28,000 in 2005 , with the bulk of the subsidies going to dairy and corn .
Both dairy and corn are heavily subsidized — or “ socialized ” — businesses in America ( in 2005 alone , Washington spent $ 4.8 billion propping up corn prices ) and are subject to strict government price controls .
These subsidies are at the heart of America ’s bizarre planned agricultural economy and as far away from Michele Bachmann ’s free - market dream world as Cuba ’s free medical system .
If American farms such as hers were forced to compete in the global free market , they would collapse .
However , Bachmann does n’t think other Americans should benefit from such protection and assistance .
She voted against every foreclosure relief bill aimed at helping average homeowners ( despite the fact that her district had the highest foreclosure rate in Minnesota ) , saying that bailing out homeowners would be “ rewarding the irresponsible while punishing those who have been playing by the rules . ”
That ’s right , the subsidy queen wants the rest of us to be responsible .
Continue reading ...
DECEMBER 7-- Actor John Stamos was the target of an extortion plot allegedly hatched by a pair of Michigan residents who threatened to release photographs that would harm his reputation unless they were paid nearly $ 700,000 , The Smoking Gun has learned .
According to this FBI affidavit , the photos were taken at a party in Florida , where Stamos was vacationing .
While the extortion victim is only identified in the U.S. District Court document as " Mr. X , an actor , " TSG has confirmed that Stamos , 46 , was the shakedown target .
Agents last week arrested Allison Coss , 23 , and Scott Sippola , 30 , in connection with the extortion plot .
According to the affidavit sworn by FBI Agent Leslie Hahn , " Mr. X " attended a party with Coss and her friend in 2004 , and " photographs of him were taken " during the bash .
Since the party , the actor has maintained e-mail contact with Coss via her Hotmail account .
Last month , Stamos -- who starred in TV's " Full House " and " ER " and currently appears in " Bye Bye Birdie " on Broadway - - received several e-mails from a man identifying himself as " Brian L , " and who claimed to have " discovered the pictures taken during the 2004 party in Florida , and that such pictures would cause harm to Mr. X's reputation if released to the media . "
The man demanded a $ 680,000 payoff .
Coss ,
Hahn noted , " continued to communicate with Mr. X and was fully aware of the demands being made by ' Brian L. ' "
The nature of the party photos is not described further by Hahn .
After Stamos 's lawyer contacted the FBI on November 28 , agents began surveilling Coss and a male companion , who was later identified as Sippola .
The alleged extortionists were arrested last Wednesday shortly after an undercover agent , " posing as a representative of Mr. X , " arranged with " Brian L " a money drop at a Princeton , Michigan airport .
During a subsequent search of a home shared by Coss and Sippola - - who worked together at a Marquette nightclub -- agents recovered three photos of " Mr. X , " a piece of paper which contained the actor 's cell phone number , and a piece of paper with the names and phone numbers of three tabloid magazines .
Coss and Sippola , pictured at left and in these mug shots , were released on bond last Wednesday and ordered to have no contact with " the alleged victim . " ( 6 pages )
Tony Blair was aware of last - minute intelligence revealing that Saddam Hussein had probably dismantled his chemical and biological weaponry , a key adviser has said .
Sir John Scarlett , who was the head of the Joint Intelligence Committee in the run-up to the war , said that two reports received in March 2003 , which suggested that Iraq 's weaponry had been taken to pieces , were sent directly to the former prime minister .
He also said that Mr Blair was made aware of doubts over Saddam 's access to the warheads needed to deliver them .
Sir John , who was responsible for the Government 's dossier that claimed Saddam had weapons that could be used within 45 minutes , denied that he had come under pressure to " sex up " the document .
However , he admitted for the first time that a crucial part of the dossier was not clear about the threat posed by Saddam , meaning that the seriousness of the claim that the Iraqi leader could launch an attack was " lost in translation " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He told the Iraq inquiry that the document should have made clear | that the 45 - minute claim was only meant to refer to battlefield weapons and not those that could be used to attack other countries .
" The matter would not have been lost in translation , if it had been spelt out in the dossier that the word was ‘ munitions ' not ‘ weapons ' , " Sir John said .
" There was absolutely no conscious intention to manipulate the language or obfuscate or create a misunderstanding as to what they might refer to . "
He said the dossier had been based on " reliable and authoritative " intelligence , received at the start of September , that was " sufficiently authoritative to firm up whether or not Iraq did currently possess chemical and biological agents " .
However , he distanced himself from Mr Blair 's foreword to the document , published in September 2002 , which claimed that intelligence information meant that it was " beyond doubt " that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction .
Though Sir John admitted he had seen the foreword , and even made several alterations to it , he concluded that it was " quite separate " from the contents of the dossier .
" The foreword was an overtly political statement by the Prime Minister so it was his wording and his comments throughout , " he said .
On 7 March , less than two weeks before the invasion , Sir John confirmed that new evidence suggested that " Iraq had no missiles that could reach Israel and none that could carry germ or biological weapons " .
A second piece of intelligence on 17 March , and discussed at a meeting on the day before the invasion , said " chemical weapons had been disassembled and dispersed and would be difficult to reassemble " .
A report in December 2002 had already reported Iraq may not have warheads to deliver chemical and biological weapons .
" That was the picture that was being presented both through the reporting and through the updates , " he said .
" Those reports , I understand , went directly to the Prime Minister 's office .
The updates were certainly available to him , too .
This information was definitely known . "
The new evidence was not acted upon because intelligence forces believed Saddam had dismantled his weapons as a ploy to avoid detection .
Nevertheless , Sir John said it was made clear to ministers that the policy would " have consequences on [ Iraq 's ] ability to deploy chemical and biological warheads " .
Ed Davey , foreign affairs spokesman for the Liberal Democrats , attacked the inquiry team after it was revealed Sir John would be giving more evidence in private .
He also said that the former MI6 chief 's claim that there were no attempts to manipulate the September dossier " stretched credibility " .
" John Scarlett was a central figure in the intelligence claims that were made to support the illegal invasion of Iraq , " he said .
" The cursory level of questioning undertaken in public – and the announcement that further appearances will be behind closed doors - is deeply disappointing .
It looks like the Chilcot Inquiry may have failed its first test on transparency . "
Campbell and Scarlett : Was there pressure to ' sex up ' intelligence ?
* Sir John Scarlett , who until recently was the head of MI6 , was chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee when it produced the now notorious dossier of September 2002 which spelled out the case for military action against Iraq .
It contained the claim that Saddam Hussein 's regime could launch weapons of mass destruction at British targets within 45 minutes - which would later lie at the heart of a row between the Government and the BBC and culminated in the death of weapons expert Dr David Kelly .
* While Sir John told the Iraq inquiry that he did not come under any pressure to " sex up " the dossier , a number of key figures within the Government at the time did have influence over the document .
* Although Alastair Campbell had no role in the claim that Mr Hussein could launch an attack within 45 minutes , he did suggest 11 changes to a draft copy , all of which were accepted .
They included altering how biological weapons " could be used " to " are capable of being used " , and changing " may have " to " have " , in regard to the authority of Mr Hussein 's sons to launch weapons .
By Atilio A. Boron , translated by Richard Fidler
December 8 , 2009 -- Rebelión --
A week ago we were celebrating the triumph of Pepe Mujica in Uruguay .
Today we have renewed , and more profound reasons , to celebrate the extraordinary electoral victory of Bolivia ’s President Evo Morales [ on December 6 ] .
[ See also Bolivian movement of social transformation continues to inspire the world . ]
As the Bolivian political analyst Hugo Moldiz Mercado pointed out some time ago , the convincing verdict of the ballot boxes marks at least three extremely important milestones in the history of Bolivia : ( a ) Evo is the first president democratically re-elected in two successive terms ; ( b ) he is also the first to improve his percentage of votes from his initial electoral victory : from 53.7 % to the present 63.3 % ; and ( c ) he is the first to obtain an overwhelming majority in the Plurinational Legislative Assembly .
Moreover , although we do not yet have the definitive voting results , it is almost certain that Evo will obtain the two thirds in the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies that would allow him to appoint judicial authorities and apply the new constitution without opposition .
All of this makes him , from the institutional standpoint , the most powerful president in Bolivia ’s tumultuous history .
And a president who is committed to the construction of a socialist future for his country .
Obviously , these facts will not prevent Washington from repeating its well - known criticisms about the “ defective institutional quality ” of Bolivian democracy , Evo’s “ populism ” and the necessity to improve the political functioning of the country in order to guarantee the popular will , as for example they are doing in Colombia .
In that country alone , some 70 supporters of President Álvaro Uribe among the members of parliament are being investigated by the Supreme Court for their alleged links with the paramilitaries , and 30 of them have already been given jail sentences .
Four million persons displaced by the armed conflict , a surge in drug trafficking and paramilitary activity under official protection and with Washington ’s acquiescence , the systematic violation of human rights , submission of national sovereignty to the United States through a secretly negotiated treaty that conceded the installation of seven US military bases on Colombian territory , and the fraudulent manipulation of the process to re-elect President Uribe , are all features of a democracy of high “ institutional quality ” that are no cause for the least concern by the self - styled custodians of democracy in the United States .
The Bolivian leader ’s performance is impressive .
He obtained an overwhelming triumph in the convening of the Constituent Assembly , in July 2006 , which would establish the institutional foundations of the future Plurinational State .
He won another crushing victory in August 2008 ( 67 % ) in the recall referendum forced on him by the opposition - controlled Senate with the openly professed objective of overthrowing him .
In January 2009 , 62 % of the voters approved the new Political Constitution of the State , and just a few hours ago he obtained a further plebiscitory ratification by almost two thirds of the electorate .
Behind the success
What lies behind this impressively successful electoral machine — indestructible notwithstanding the erosion of four years of administration , the obstacles imposed by the National Electoral Court , the hostility of the United States , numerous campaigns of destabilisation , attempted coups d’état , separatist threats and assassination plots ?
This is a government that has fulfilled its election promises and accordingly has developed an active social policy that has won it the indelible gratitude of its people : the Bono Juancito Pinto [ a family allowance ] that is given to more than a million children ; the Renta Dignidad , a universal [ pension ] program for all Bolivians over the age of 60 who lack another source of income ; and the Bono Juana Azurduy , a payment to pregnant mothers .
A government that has eradicated illiteracy , applying the Cuban “ Yo Sí Puedo ” methodology that has taught more than a million and a half people to read and write in about two years , with the result that on December 20 , 2008 , UNESCO ( not Evo ’s supporters ) declared Bolivia a territory free of illiteracy .
This is an extraordinary achievement for a country that has suffered an age - old history of oppression and exploitation , subjected to heartbreaking poverty by its ruling classes and their imperial friends despite the enormous wealth it retains in its depths , and which now , with Evo ’s government , is being recovered and placed in the service of the people .
On the other hand , the internationalist solidarity of Cuba and Venezuela has also allowed the construction of numerous hospitals and medical centres , while thousands of people are recovering their vision thanks to Operation Milagro [ Miracle ] .
Major advances are being registered in the area of agrarian reform — about a half - million hectares of land have been transferred to the hands of the farmers — and in the promised recovery of the basic oil and gas resources , which at the time provoked some nervousness among its neighbours , especially Brazil , [ which was ] more concerned with guaranteeing the profitability of Petrobras [ Brazil ’s oil company ] than in cooperating with Evo ’s political agenda .
Lastly , the careful handling of macroeconomics has enabled Bolivia , for the first time in its history , to count on significant reserves , an estimated US $ 10 billion dollars , and a tax bonanza that , combined with the collaboration of Venezuela under the ALBA agreements , has enabled Morales to carry out many infrastructural projects in the municipalities and to finance his ambitious social agenda .
Of course , many matters are still pending , and not everything that has been done is exempt from criticism .
In a recent column , Pablo Stefanoni , editor of the Bolivian edition of Le Monde Diplomatique , warned of the unstable coexistence between “ an eco-communitarian discourse in international forums and a developmentalist sermonizing without much nuance in the domestic context ” .
Although this tension exists , it must be acknowledged that Evo ’s eco-communitarian vocation amply transcends the level of his arguments in international forums : his commitment to Mother Earth , the Pachamama , and the original peoples is sincere and effective and is a milestone in the history of Our America .
Of course , the focus on natural resources extraction in his pattern of development is undeniable , but also inevitable given the brutally predatory characteristics that capitalist accumulation has assumed in Bolivia .
It is completely unreal to think that overnight the people ’s government could sustain an alternative model of development setting aside the exploitation of the country ’s immense mineral and energy resources .
Bolivia does not have the latitude , at least for now , that Ireland or Finland had in their day .
But it would be unfair to overlook the fact that the orientation of its economic model and its strong distributionist content clearly separates it from other experiences under way in the Southern Cone .
Not to mention Evo ’s declared intention to move ahead with the risky — and thus slow and conflictual — construction of a renewed socialism , something that has nothing to do with the nebulous “ Andean - Amazonian capitalism ” that some persist in presenting as an inexorable and implausible antechamber of socialism .
Radicalisation
All these achievements , combined with his absolute personal integrity and a Spartan - like day - to - day routine ( that contrasts favourably with the exaggerated fortunes and high consumption patterns exhibited by other “ progressive ” leaders and politicians in the region ) have made Evo a leader endowed with a formidable personal charisma that enables him to beat any rival who dares to challenge him in the electoral arena .
But in addition , his constant concern to raise consciousness , mobilise and organise his social base — stepping outside the discredited bureaucratic apparatuses which , like those in Argentina , Brazil and Chile , do not mobilise or raise the consciousness of anyone — not only satisfies the inescapable need to construct a subjectivity that is appropriate to struggles for socialism but also , at the same time , constitutes a decisive asset when it comes to prevailing in the electoral arena .
The forces of the suffering “ centre- left ” of the Southern Cone , which are looking to an unpromising political future in view of the growth of the right wing fuelled by their own resigned acceptance of possibilism , would be well advised to note the brilliant lesson offered by Evo ’s triumph in the elections of last Sunday .
A lesson which demonstrates that , faced with the danger of restored domination of the right , the only possible alternative is the radicalisation of the processes of transformation under way .
Defeated on the electoral terrain , the right will redouble its offensive in the many scenarios of the class struggle .
It would be suicidal to imagine that they will bow out without a battle in the face of an electoral setback .
Let us hope that this lesson is learned .
[ A Spanish version of this article first appeared at Rebelión .
A shorter version of this article was published in Página / 12 on December 7 , 2009 . ]
Chavez : Morales ’ electoral victory in Bolivia , a victory for Latin America
We Are Open !
Miller & Miller Law is keeping our clients and staff safe from COVID - 19 .
We are open for free phone and video consults during these difficult times .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Zvi Goffer could have passed for Tony Soprano when he warned confederates in his alleged insider - trading ring that “ someone ’s going to jail . ”
Do n’t be too obvious about making big money , he said in a cell phone conversation intercepted by investigators in February 2008 .
“ Someone ’s going to jail , going directly to jail , so do n’t let it be you , OK ? ” Goffer said , according to a criminal complaint .
“ That ’s a ticket right to the ( expletive ) Big House . ”
According to federal prosecutors , Goffer was the boss of an insider trading operation that paid sources for non-public information .
He and 13 others were charged on Thursday as the scandal centered on Goffer ’s former employer , hedge fund Galleon Group , widened dramatically .
A criminal complaint naming Goffer , head of the trading firm Incremental Capital , and his alleged accomplices reads like a script for TV dramas like “ The Wire ” or “ The Sopranos , ” in which drug and Mafia criminals try to stay one step ahead of the law .
Federal prosecutor Preet Bharara told a news conference that investigators resorted to wire taps and other methods “ traditionally reserved for the mob and narcotics traffickers ” when the accused began “ taking a page from the drug dealers ’ playbook ( and ) deliberately used anonymous , hard - to - trace , pre-paid cellphones in order to avoid detection . ”
Calls recorded by law enforcement officials were littered with nicknames like “ the Greek ” and “ the Rat , ” and even jokes about getting information from a guy fixing a pothole .
Current and past targets were code - named the “ Hilton hit ” and the “ Apple . ”
There was talk about “ cash lying around , ” and investigators observed what they believed were hand - offs of white bags and cases packed with cash .
In one phone call , an attorney , Jason Goldfarb , who was charged on Thursday , told Goffer that he had a meeting with the “ boys ” planned , but added they were like “ nervous nellies . ”
The “ boys , ” according to prosecutors , was a reference to people sharing information with the alleged ring .
Goldfarb said the “ boys ” were “ hungry ” because one had recently “ spent his whole chunk of change ” on his honeymoon and the other had “ bought a new kitchen . ”
“ Now they ’re , they ’re ready to replenish , and that ’s what we ’re going to do , ” Goldfarb said , according to the complaint .
Much like the drug traffickers in “ The Wire , ” those accused in the insider - trading ring were constantly paranoid about a potential “ rat ” who would talk to the authorities .
In the end , all their precautions did n’t work .
“ When sophisticated business people begin to adopt the methods of common criminals , we have no choice but to treat them as such , ” Bharara said .
Pittsburgh Bloggers turns five years old this month and they ’re celebrating with Pittsburgh BlogFest 19 this upcoming Friday , the 20th !
“ Come meet your fellow bloggers and social media types in a friendly , unstructured setting .
BlogFest is an informal and friendly quarterly gathering of local bloggers , vloggers , podcasters , and anyone who enjoys life on the Internet .
It ’s more happy hour than meeting :
No talks will be given , no credentials required . ”
WHAT : Pittsburgh Blogfest 19
WHEN : FRIDAY , November 20 , 2009 , 5:30 PM to 9:30 PM and beyond
WHERE : Finnegan ’s Wake ( near PNC Park , 20 General Robinson St. , North Shore , 412-325-2601 ) , in the Pub Room
WHO : All local bloggers , podcasters , and social media folk of all stripes ( and their friends … feel free to bring some even if they do n’t blog ! )
Food and beverages will be available for purchase from Finnegan ’s Wake .
Nashville Opera 's upcoming production of Phillip Glass 's The Fall of the House of Usher seamlessly melds contemporary opera , bold cinematic effects , and the " undead . "
Soprano Jennifer Zetlan 's character , Madeline Usher , finds herself buried alive and is forced to claw her way out of the grave .
The opera staff thought , " why should she have all of the fun ? "
That is when Nashville Opera 's first - ever Zombie Costume Contest was created : During the Sunday , November 15 performance which begins at 2 pm , audience members are invited to dress as their favorite zombie or undead ( and " yes " there is a distinction which Artistic Director , John Hoomes , will discuss at the free pre-show introduction scheduled for 1 pm in the Polk Theater ) will receive a 20 % discount on their ticket to the show and can participate in the contest during intermission in the lobby .
The celebrity panel of experts will select the one audience member which most exemplifies the look and qualities of the undead and the winner will receive a fabulous prize package .
" When researching local zombie activities and web sites we quickly discovered that Nashville has a huge interest in zombies and the undead , " says ReEd Hummell , Director of Marketing .
" We have been searching for the right vehicle to attract this vital demographic to Nashville Opera , and The Fall of the House of Usher , with its Gothic themes , is the perfect fit . "
" We are committed to creating productions which are innovative , thought - provoking , and above all else , entertaining , " says Carol Penterman , Executive Director .
" Phillip Glass is known for his numerous movie scores and his collaborations with Woody Allen , Paul Simon , Linda Ronstadt , David Bowie , and many others .
Nashville Opera 's exciting new production of The Fall of the House of Usher is breaking stereotypes and building new bridges throughout the community . "
Nashville Opera will present the Tennessee premiere of renowned American composer Phillip Glass 's The Fall of the House of Usher on Friday , November 13 at 8 PM ; Saturday , November 14 at 8 PM ; and Sunday , November 15 at 2 PM .
Based on the short story by Edgar Allen Poe , The Fall of the House of Usher is directed by Nashville Opera 's Artistic Director , John Hoomes , and features the Nashville Opera Orchestra under the direction of Maestro William Boggs .
Performances will be at the Tennessee Performing Arts Center 's James K. Polk Theater located at 505 Deaderick Street .
Tickets range in price from $ 17 to $ 80 and are available from Nashville Opera at ( 615 ) 832-5242 , online at www.nashvilleopera.org, or through the Tennessee Performing Arts Center Box Office at ( 615 ) 782-4040 .
A limited number of pay - what - you - can seats can be purchased at the Noah Liff Opera Center at 3622 Redmon Street in Sylvan Heights during normal business hours .
About Nashville Opera
Nashville Opera , Tennessee 's largest professional opera company , is dedicated to creating legendary productions and programs .
Among the most successful regional companies in the United States of America , Nashville Opera has a presented three different world premiere operas since its inception in 1981 .
Main stage performances are presented at the Tennessee Performing Arts Center , and play to over 17,000 people annually .
Nashville Opera 's extensive education and outreach touring program reaches an additional 25,000 students in 18 counties throughout Middle Tennessee .
Shows View More Nashville Stories Related Articles
More Hot Stories For You
Nov. 18 , 2009  -- Kellogg Co. has blamed a nationwide shortage of Eggo frozen waffles on heavy rain that shut down one of its main plants in Atlanta .
But that 's only part of the story .
The Atlanta facility was closed during much of September and October to sanitize the plant after inspectors found Listeria monocytogenes -- bacteria that can cause serious infection -- in a sample of Eggos , according to the Georgia Department of Agriculture .
An ABCNews.com reader raised the issue in a comment posted on an earlier story .
Kellogg agreed to recall about 4,500 cases of Eggos Sept. 2 after a routine state inspection turned up Listeria in a sample of Buttermilk Eggo Waffles .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention considers Listeria harmless for most people but it can be particularly dangerous for pregnant women , newborns and people with weakened immune systems .
" Kellogg voluntarily ceased production at the plant , began an investigation to determine a possible cause of contamination and began a regimen of cleaning and sanitizing , " the Georgia Department of Agriculture announced at the time .
" Kellogg will execute its hygienic restoration plan under GDA before it resumes production at the plant . "
Kellogg spokeswoman Kris Charles said the plant was closed for both cleaning and as a result of the flooding .
" Just as the Atlanta facility was ready to resume production , excessive rain in the region caused flooding at the facility , which delayed the startup , " Charles wrote in an e-mail to ABC News today .
Left unanswered were questions about how long the plant was closed for flooding and how long for cleaning bacteria .
Oscar Garrison , assistant commissioner of consumer protection at the Georgia Department of Health , told ABC News today that Kellogg had entered into an agreement with state and federal officials on a " hygienic restoration plan " that took several weeks .
In late September , as Kellogg was ready to reopen the plant , heavy rains hit Atlanta .
Flood water filled the Eggo plant parking lot , Garrison said , but did not appear to enter the plant .
Still , he said , " Kellogg wanted time to do their hygienic restoration over again .
" They wanted to be real comfortable that they got every potential source of Listeria , " Garrison said .
" They wanted to do a thorough evaluation . "
So , Kellogg launched the cleanup operation again -- scouring the plant , hiring private inspectors to review everything and then letting state and federal investigators back in to give a final sign - off before reopening .
The Eggo plant remained closed until late October .
It 's now back up and running .
Charles said earlier this week that the heavy rains were to blame for knocking out Kellogg 's waffle operations in Atlanta .
" We are experiencing temporary Eggo supply constraints caused by a confluence of events , " Charles wrote .
" Flooding at our Atlanta facility as well as equipment issues necessitating extensive enhancements and repairs at our largest waffle bakery facility . "
There was no mention of Listeria , nor is it mentioned in an " FAQ " about the shortage posted on the Eggo Web site .
Garrison confirmed that flooding delayed the reopening of the plant , although it 's not the reason it was closed .
" I really believe if the flooding had not happened , " Garrison said , " They would have been ready to open [ in late September ] .
But they really wanted to take that extra precaution . "
No Eggos to Be Found
Some shoppers searching for Eggos have found empty freezer shelves and apologetic signs .
At the top of the Kellogg 's Web site is the message : " Some of your favorite Eggo products are out of stock nationally .
We are working hard to fix this short - term issue . "
Kellogg said shortages could last until the middle of next year .
" We are working around the clock to restore Eggo store inventories to normal levels as quickly as possible , " Charles wrote .
" In the meantime , we 're allocating available product to customers based on historical percentage of business .
We estimate that store freezer inventory shortfalls will continue on Eggo products through the first half of 2010 . "
From TheAtlantic.com ...
If you were counting on what Glenn Reynolds calls " the retail support brigade " to come riding over the hills , you might want to rethink .
After last year turned in one of the worst holiday shopping seasons in decades , people were hoping that things might perk up this year , but Black Friday 's results do n't look too good for retailers .
Sales were up a paltry 0.5 % from last year , and that only because a lot more people came out bargain - hunting .
Sales on the day after Thanksgiving rose just 0.5 % to $ 10.66 billion , according to ShopperTrak RCT Corp. , a research firm that monitors sales at more than 50,000 stores .
That compared with a 3 % year - over - year Black Friday increase in 2008 and an 8.3 % surge in 2007 .
" It 's a positive sign that we had an increase in sales , but the numbers certainly do n't indicate that those will be sustained , " said Britt Beemer , chairman of consumer behavior firm America 's Research Group .
Nationwide , 195 million shoppers visited stores and websites over the four - day weekend , up from 172 million last year , the National Retail Federation said Sunday .
It 's too early to be certain , of course , but to me this points to a brutal trend : everyone is looking for bargains , and refusing to buy anything else .
That means that profit margins are likely to be thin , and even with aggressive discounting , retailers may not be able to drive much volume .
What 's bad for retailers may be good for us , of course .
The amount of consumer credit outstanding has fallen pretty dramatically , but because of the buying binge we were on , it 's still kinda high , as is the ratio of debt service payments to income .
On the other hand , many of us are retailers , or work for them , or for companies that sell all the things that Americans are n't buying .
The contraction is probably necessary .
But it is not going to be pleasant .
and so the march towards cyborgs continues
Cyborg technology is making huge strides , but it wo n't make us superhuman .
At least not yet ...
Recently , an Italian man who lost his arm was able to do a lot more than just manipulate a robotic prosthesis by thought alone .
Thanks to new advancements in medical technology , he was able to feel his mechanical arm being poked , bumped and prodded .
It seems that in the near future , a traumatic event like losing a limb may not be quite as debilitating as it once was .
Appendages could simply be replaced with thought controlled machines which feel like real arms and legs , complete with the full range of sensation we ’d expect to get from our organic body parts .
And if you ’re a science fiction fan or a transhumanist , you may be wondering when you might be able to swap your flesh and blood appendages for high powered prosthetics and whether the age of man merging with machine is finally on the horizon .
The answer to that is n’t straightforward as it may seem …
One of our favorite ways to think about cyborgs in the movies and on TV , is that of humans who became a bit more advanced than the rest of us .
Sure their transformation was rough , but in the end , they ’ve become what we ’d call superhuman .
While bones can break and muscles can tear , their mechanical enhancements allow them to run faster , punch harder , and lift weights that would ordinarily crush a human ’s spine during a foolish lift attempt .
How much science fiction has been written about military cyborgs and victims of horrific accidents who ’s trauma is healed by the amazing powers they acquire in the process ?
The slight problem with all these stories is that the cyborgs of today and tomorrow wo n’t be much stronger than those of us without implants or mechanical limbs for the simple reason that their prosthetics are designed only to replace what they lost .
Give someone who lost both arms the most advanced mechanical substitutes and she ’ll be able to control all her motions with the same ease as she controlled her natural body parts .
But she ’s not going to go enroll in a heavy lifting competition against a bulldozer because the rest of her body could n’t handle the stress .
To boost human strength to the levels we routinely see in movies , we need to either replace or drastically reinforce the entire musculoskeletal system .
Otherwise , feats of superhuman agility and strength would do nearly as much damage to our hypothetical cyborgs as they would to us .
And even if we do that , there will be major hurdles to overcome .
Mechanical bones and muscle would have to be specially engineered to self - repair , just like their organic counterparts .
Without being able to mend the accumulated wear and tear , they ’d quickly start falling to pieces and having a maintenance program for your insides seems like a problematic proposition .
It ’s far more likely that cyborg technology we ’ll all use might be the currently theoretical nanobots which would help our immune system fight diseases like cancer , HIV and Alzheimer ’s , concepts that do n’t require us to get new limbs or drastic bodily modifications and would do far more to help our lives than mechanical body parts .
Of course , those types of technology are still a very long way off and will require many more years of testing to be ready for prime time , but when they ’re good to go , they would be the real cyborg revolution .
It looks like Santa Claus arrived early for the Collabora employees
N900 pyramid , and sadly some of them did n’t arrive yet
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke was under fire at his confirmation hearing Thursday .
Quick Vote Should Ben Bernanke be confirmed for a second term as Fed chair ?
Yes
No or View results Senate Banking Committe chairman Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , said he supports Bernanke 's confirmation , but wants to take away some of the Fed 's powers .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke got a rough going over from both his supporters and detractors at his Senate confirmation hearing Thursday .
Even some of those who praised his actions during the financial troubles of the last two years , such as Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd , balanced that support with arguments that the central bank should be stripped of some of its bank regulation powers due to its past failures of oversight .
While many Democrats on the banking panel joined Dodd in saying they would vote for another four - year term for Bernanke , some of the Republicans questioned whether they could support the chairman who was first appointed by President George W. Bush .
One long - time Bernanke critic Jim Bunning , R - Ky. , said he was ready to do everything he could to block or delay the confirmation , joining a similar threat made late Wednesday by Sen.
Bernie Sanders , the Socialist senator from Vermont who is among the 60 members of the Democratic caucus .
The threat of a filibuster by Sanders and Bunning , two senators with diametrically opposed views on most issues , shows the breadth of anger faced by Bernanke sparked by the Wall Street bailouts of the 15 months .
A filibuster would mean that Bernanke would need to get at least 60 votes , rather than the simple majority of 51 , in order to be confirmed .
And the questions by Dodd and others about the Fed 's continued role as a bank regulator raised questions about how Bernanke will be able to do his job if he is confirmed for another term , which is still widely expected .
Dodd said Bernanke and the Fed deserved credit for the steps taken in the financial crisis of a year earlier to stop the economic crisis from becoming significantly worse than it did .
" I believe you are the right leader for this moment in the nation 's economic history and I believe your reappointment sends the right signal to markets , " Dodd said during his opening statement .
But the committee 's ranking Republican , Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama , was far more critical of Bernanke in his opening statement , telling Bernanke " I fear now our trust and confidence ( in the Federal Reserve ) was misplaced . "
" Not everything that went wrong depends on the system because that system also depends on the people who run it , " he told Bernanke .
" It 's those individuals who need to be accountable for their actions or their failure to act . "
Still , despite the implication that he could n't support confirmation , Shelby did not say how he intended to vote .
Two of the Republicans on the committee , Judd Gregg of New Hampshire and Bob Corker of Tennessee , did praise Bernanke and said they would vote for his confirmation .
" The simple fact is if you had n't been there and been willing to take extraordinary action last fall and last winter and in early spring ... it's very likely we would be experiencing a depression or if not a depression then certainly a recession that is radically more severe , " said Gregg .
The next step in Bernanke 's confirmation would be a vote by the committee , which has not yet been scheduled .
Corker said he is certain Bernanke will be confirmed , although he held out the possiblity that the full Senate might not vote on confirmation until it was done with debate about reforming financial regulation .
But he said that under law , Bernanke would stay in the top job at the Fed , even if the confirmation vote did not occur before the end of his term as chairman on Jan. 31 .
Fight over Fed 's future powers
But there was a lot of talk even from Bernanke 's supporters on the committee , both Democrat and Republican , about the need to limit the Fed 's role as part of an overhaul of financial regulation .
Dodd has proposed legislation that would strip much of the bank supervisory duties from the Fed , giving them instead to a newly created authority .
He said it might be better if the Fed simply focuses on using monetary policy to support economic growth and fight inflation while maintaining a stable financial system .
Dodd also said the financial crisis is at least partly due to poor supervision of the banking sector by the Fed .
" I admire what you 've done over the last two years , " he said .
" But we should n't have had to go through what we did for the last two years had there been cops on the street , doing their jobs , telling us what was going on and allowing us to avoid the problems in the first place . "
" Why should I give an institution that failed in that responsibility the kind of exclusive authority we 're talking about here ? , " Dodd asked .
Bernanke responded that the Fed could not have taken the steps that Dodd had praised to stabilize the financial system if it were stripped of its role as banking regulator .
" There 's no way we could have been as involved and effective in this crisis if we did not have that knowledge and expertise , " he said .
Bernanke also opposed a proposal that recently passed the House Financial Services Committee to give the General Accountability Office power to audit the Fed 's monetary decisions , saying that it would be seen by investors as giving Congress the power to pressure the Fed to reverse or delay unpopular rate hikes .
He said if there are increased worries about Congressional interference in Fed activity , the central bank would not be able to stop real rates from rising because investors would demand higher yields on bonds .
Questioned by Sen. Robert Bennett , R - Utah , about the risk of a return of soaring inflation of the late 1970's , and whether the Fed would have to raise rates to the record highs of that era to once again to conquer such runaway prices , Bernanke said he was confident there is not a risk of a return of such inflation .
But he added that the ability of the Fed to beat inflation at that time was a " case study " of why Congress should not audit monetary decisions of the Fed .
Mistakes were made
Bernanke admitted that the Fed made mistakes in supervising the banking system ahead of the financial crisis , and promised to do better .
But he said that supervision is already improving , and that it would be a bad idea to strip the Fed of its powers .
" If you fight a battle and lose the battle , does that mean you never use the army again ?
You have to improve and fix the situation .
You do n't have to necessarily eliminate the institution , " he said in response to one of Shelby 's question .
" We did n't do a perfect job by any means , but I do n't think we stand out as having done a worst job than other regulators . "
Bunning , the only member of the Senate to vote against Bernanke when he was first nominated to head the central bank four years ago , was again his harshest critic .
Bunning said Bernanke and previous chairman Alan Greenspan were responsible for helping to inflate the housing bubble whose bursting caused the housing crisis , and that the Fed continues to create more problems by pumping too much cheap money into the system .
At one point Bunning even slipped and referred to Bernanke as " Greenspan , " prompting chuckles from both the chairman and his critic .
" You put the printing presses into overdrive to fund the government spending and hand out cheap money to your masters on Wall Street , which they used to rake in record profits while ordinary Americans and small businesses can't get loans for their everyday needs , " Bunning said .
" Where I come from we punish failure , we do n't reward it . "
He attacked Bernanke for the bailout of American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) and a recent report from an inspector general that the Fed should not have paid 100 % of the money owed by AIG to leading financial firms .
" The AIG bailout alone is reason enough to send you back to Princeton , " Bunning said , referring to where Bernanke taught before entering government .
Dodd joined Bunning in his criticism of the Fed 's handling of those payments in the AIG bailout .
Bernanke answered that he did not have the leverage to force those banks to accept lower payments , known as a " haircut , " during those negotiations .
" The only way to get the haircut is to have a credible threat that if you do n't take the haircut they 're going to go bankrupt and you 're going to lose everything , " he said in response to a question later in the hearing .
" And since we had intervened to prevent AIG from going bankrupt , it just was n't credible . "
Bernanke insisted that what was done to bailout Wall Street was done because of the impact further failures would have had on Main Street .
" I 'm not a Wall Street person .
I 'm an academic .
I come from a small town , " he said .
" I did it because I knew from my studies that the collapse of the financial system would have extraordinarily bad consequences for Main Street .
And I firmly believe we did the right thing . "
I liked Obi-Wan 's reaction to Luke 's interest .
" Wow .
Seriously , you should prob just stop talking about it . "
The intellectual property known as Delta Green is ™ and © the Delta Green Partnership .
The contents of this document are © their respective authors , excepting those elements that are components of the Delta Green intellectual property .
Something to add ?
Join us and you can edit articles .
We 're a community with room to improve and an active mailing list .
The current wiki maintains transcripts of the early list , our Ubbo - Sathla .
There are tags for casual browsing , and an ebook version .
If you can't find what you 're looking for , add it :
Click here to edit contents of this page .
Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page ( if possible ) .
Watch headings for an " edit " link when available .
Append content without editing the whole page source .
Check out how this page has evolved in the past .
If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it .
View and manage file attachments for this page .
Change the name ( also URL address , possibly the category ) of the page .
View wiki source for this page without editing .
View / set parent page ( used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout ) .
Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page .
Something does not work as expected ?
Find out what you can do .
General Wikidot.com documentation and help section .
Wikidot.com
Terms of Service - what you can , what you should not etc .
Wikidot.com Privacy Policy .
If you had any doubts about the impact tools and social media have on the world as we know it , watch this Advertising Age video of Vail Resorts CEO Rob Katz talk about the changes they 've made in their approach to reaching skiers and snow enthusiasts .
While this is a great example of responsive and proactive , it reveals bigger trends about how social media technologies are changing the way people interact with information and how that impacts their behavior .
Five Things to Remember About Social Media
A picture is worth a thousand words but a video says it all .
Video is a powerful communication tool .
That seems obvious , of course .
Humans process information from images far more efficiently than words alone .
Video is an image on speed - it engages different sensory inputs and delivers an image stream .
Social media allows for the distribution of videos to be immediate , targeted , personal , and accessible on - demand through YouTube , emails , mobile devices , and websites .
Websites , in fact , may be the distribution dinosaurs of the bunch because people have to go to the site to find stuff .
New tools are making it easier and easier to bring information to us , not matter where we are .
Honey we shrunk the time .
The acceptable time lag for receiving information has radically shortened .
Our expectations are now that we can ( and should ) get what we want to know right away .
Decisions are made with real - time information .
Who wants to book a ski vacation three months ahead and find out when you arrive that the snow 's no good ?
The implications of this for your customers is that if you can't make good information easily and quickly available , they are going to be frustrated and it will reflect on their opinions about the competence and reliability of you , your product or your service .
It does n't matter if you sell ski vacations or boob jobs .
R-E-S - P-E-C-T .
The expectation to have real time information for our means we expect transparency , , and , heaven forbid , honesty .
And we do n't just expect it about products we buy .
We expect it from politicians , doctors , friends , and service institutions .
If we do n't get it , we feel disrespected .
There is no trust - and no business - where there is a perception of disrespect .
Together again for the first t ime .
This new environment has to be part of your strategy whether it's for marketing or media literacy .
You can't separate social media from marketing and and successfully run a business any more than you can separate content production and user - choice from critical thinking about message analysis in media literacy training .
It 's the system , stupid .
Social media is based on networks .
If you hear the word " system , " and still think it 's a con or a n institution independent of you , you need to reorient .
It is no longer possible to act in isolation .
We are part of a system that all works together - - for better or worse .
Just like supply and demand , we are in this together .
More importantly , systems have very different properties than unidirectional information flows .
Messages travel across network hubs and nodes .
This means that everytime information hits a hub , it automatically disseminates information to all its nodes .
Imagine how germs spread in a room full of kindergartners and you 'll get the idea .
Rob Katz is a smart guy .
By empowering his customers with current and accurate information about ski conditions , rates , and services , he is building a deeper , richer , and much more reciprocal relationship with them than he ever could have with ads in Condé Nast traveler .
Using social media this way develops relationships based on trust and providing value rather than selling .
Priceless .
Mr Cowling joined the Met Office as an RAF meteorological assistant Television 's first weather presenter George Cowling died on Christmas Eve , following a short stay in hospital .
Mr Cowling , 89 , had presented the first televised forecast from the BBC's Lime Grove Studios on 11 January 1954 .
He joined the Met Office in 1939 as a meteorological assistant for the RAF and went on to work as a forecaster in France , Belgium , Holland and Germany .
He appeared on the BBC until 1957 and he remained with the Met Office until his retirement in 1981 .
BBC Weather editorial manager Richard Chapman said : " George has a unique place in the history of weather broadcasting .
Our thoughts are with his family .
" He was always highly regarded by the BBC Weather team as it grew and developed over the years , and he continued to take a keen interest in how the weather story was told to our audiences . "
In the days before satellite images , Mr Cowling 's main tools were pencils - and a rubber - for analysing the charts and a pair of dividers for measuring isobar spacing to give wind speeds .
In order to get the graphics to the BBC , he had to transport a large bundle of rolled charts across London to the studios at Shepherd 's Bush .
George had a long and distinguished career with us and he has a unique place in our history , being there at the very beginning of live TV weather forecasts .
Met Office
In February 1957 he was promoted to RAF Bomber Command and subsequent postings included Singapore , Malta , Bahrain and Germany .
He also worked as a senior instructor at the Met Office College and as principal forecaster at Heathrow Airport .
Royal visit
In his biography for the BBC Weather website , he recalled a studio visit by Princess Margaret .
Mr Cowling warned her he had " bad news " for viewers , with frost forecast .
The princess said : " That 's good news - I love the cold weather . "
Stumped for something to say , the weatherman eventually replied : " Perhaps ma'am , you do n't suffer from frozen pipes like the rest of us . "
The Met Office said it was saddened to hear of Mr Cowling 's death .
A spokesman said : " George had a long and distinguished career with us and he has a unique place in our history , being there at the very beginning of live TV weather forecasts .
Our sympathies go out to his family and many friends . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In December leaders from around the world will meet in Copenhagen to try to agree on cutting back greenhouse gas emissions for decades to come .
The most effective step to implement that goal would be a massive shift away from fossil fuels to clean , renewable energy sources .
If leaders can have confidence that such a transformation is possible , they might commit to an historic agreement .
We think they can .
A year ago former vice president Al Gore threw down a gauntlet : to repower America with 100 percent carbon - free electricity within 10 years .
As the two of us started to evaluate the feasibility of such a change , we took on an even larger challenge : to determine how 100 percent of the world ’s energy , for all purposes , could be supplied by wind , water and solar resources , by as early as 2030 .
Our plan is presented here .
Arsène Wenger is in conflict with his own board about plans to take the club on a pre-season tour of the United States .
Arsenal have traditionally been England 's only Champions League club not to fly across continents in a money - and profile - raising exercise before the Premier League season 's kick - off , but all that is set to change .
The biggest single shareholder , Stan Kroenke , is exerting the kind of influence over the club that suggests his full ownership will only be a matter of time , and the American wants Arsenal stateside next summer .
Wenger is furious at being challenged over what he considers his sole domain : team affairs .
After the Emirates Cup at their own stadium he would like to take his team to Austria , where they have traditionally prepared in pre-season .
The fact that 2010 is a World Cup year is at the forefront of Wenger 's mind and he feels that a jet - lag inducing trip would set his team back for the 2010 - 11 season .
He will be particularly opposed if Arsenal do not finish this Premier League season in the top two and have to qualify for the Champions League .
When asked at October 's annual meeting , attended by Kroenke , whether he would be willing to take the club to the US , Wenger 's response was clear : " No – it does n't prepare the players properly , it 's not possible to take players who are just back from World Cups or European Championships , and the Champions League qualifiers might be vital to the season . "
Arsenal say no plans have been finalised yet on an overseas tour .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An oil well at the centre of a massive spill in the Timor Sea off the north - west coast of Australia is on fire .
The company which runs the well , PTTEP Australasia , said the fire broke out as it made another attempt to plug a leak deep underwater at the West Atlas rig .
Engineers have been struggling for more than 10 weeks to stop the leak which is spewing out natural gas and oil at an estimated 400 barrels a day .
All workers were reported safe and were being evacuated from the installation .
A director of the company , Jose Martins , said the only way to stop the fire was to plug the leak .
" The measures which we have been able to take so far can only mitigate the fire .
They will not stop the fire .
" The best way to stop the fire is to complete the well - kill and stop the flow of gas and oil at the surface from the H - 1 well , cutting off the fuel source for the fire . "
Australian Resources Minister Martin Ferguson said in a statement that some of the world 's leading experts were working to fix the leaking well and respond to this latest problem .
Mr Ferguson said the National Offshore Petroleum Safety Authority had been called out to help fight the fire and that Geoscience Australia and the Australian Maritime Safety Authority were on standby .
But an opposition spokesman , Greg Hunt , accused Environment Minister Peter Garrett of doing nothing to stop the oil leak , which officials say has placed birds and marine species at risk .
" Ten weeks of complacency , 10 weeks of drift , 10 weeks of inaction from Mr Garrett , " he said .
" In the absence of action ... the prime minister must step in and convene a national environmental emergency task force within the next 24 hours . "
PTTEP Australasia said it was planning to use another rig to pump a so - called heavy mud mix into the well later on Monday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Creation ex nihilo - without God ( 1997 )
( Updated 2011 )
The first version of this article , which I wrote all the way back in 1997 , merely compiled a list of quotes from physicists affirming that something can indeed come from nothing through entirely natural processes , and that the entire universe might be one such thing .
I offered the list simply as data , without any attempt at assessing the correctness of the quoted claims , or their relevance to theological debates about the origin of the universe .
Afterwards , I studied the matter in greater depth , and developed a line of argument which I pursued in the first entry of my Defender 's Guide to Science and Creationism .
However , I neglected to revise the first version of this article ; this update rectifies that problem .
For this version , I have written straight text , and moved the supporting quotes to a section at the very end , which is referenced throughout .
Can Something Come from Nothing ?
To most people , the claim that something cannot come from nothing is a truism .
However , most physicists disagree .
Against the claim , they often cite what are variously known as quantum vacuum fluctuations or virtual particles .
These are particle - antiparticle pairs that come into existence in otherwise empty space for very brief periods of time , in agreement with the Heisenberg uncertainty relations . [ Q1 ] [ Q2 ]
They produce measurable effects , such as the Lamb shift and the Casimir - Polder force . [ Q3 ] [ Q4 ]
These particles are not anomalies ; they are so common that some physicists argue that if we think of empty space as nothing , then there is no such thing as nothing , because space never is empty — it is always filled with virtual particles . [ Q5 ]
In short , if we follow most people in thinking of empty space as nothing , then we have at least one pervasive example of something that can come from nothing .
Can the Universe Come from Nothing ?
Virtual particles are constrained to have short lives because they represent an increase in the energy of the universe ; Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle affords room for sufficiently short - lived virtual particles , but long - lived ones appearing in a universe such as ours would violate the first law of thermodynamics .
One might think , then , that quantum vacuum fluctuations cannot have any relevance for the origin of the universe .
On the contrary , some physicists , going back at least to Tryon ( 1973 ) believe that the entire universe might be a massive quantum vacuum fluctuation . [ Q6 ]
The key feature of the universe that would make this possible would be a total energy of zero .
You might wonder how the universe could have a total energy of zero .
The answer is that gravitational energy is negative — when summed with the positive energy of the matter in the universe , the two quantities may cancel out . [ Q7 ] [ Q8 ]
Neither Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle , nor the first law of thermodynamics , place any limit on the length of time a quantum vacuum fluctuation of zero total energy could persist , so the longevity of our universe does not rule out a quantum vacuum fluctuation origin . [ Q9 ]
The proposal is not that the entire universe appeared in one shot , but that a quantum vacuum fluctuation served as the seed for a local expansion of spacetime , which would automatically generate matter as a side - effect . [ Q10 ] [ Q11 ]
In these kinds of proposals , the quantum vacuum fluctuations occur in empty spacetime .
Other proposals , most notably that of Alex Vilenkin , do not involve a preexisting spacetime at all , and rely upon quantum tunneling rather than vacuum fluctuation . [ Q12 ]
Is the " Nothing " of the Physicists Really Nothing ?
Now we come to an objection to all of the above .
The objection is that when the physicists quoted refer to " nothing , " they are , in fact , referring to something other than the literal absence of anything .
To try to keep things as clear as possible , I will refer to the absence of anything as " nothingness . "
So , the contention is that the " nothing " of physics is not nothingness .
Quote [ Q5 ] may seem , at first glance , to bear this out .
I contend that that is a misreading — Morris is just trying to say that space never is truly empty — but we need not get into an exegetical dispute here , since it is quite true that on Tryon - type models , the universe - producing quantum vacuum fluctuations occur in a preexisting spacetime .
What can one say about this challenge ?
There are two things to say :
( i) First off , the reason most people affirm the proposition that something cannot come from nothing is because they do not see things coming into existence out of the empty space around them .
They are willing to equate empty space with nothingness .
Hence , showing that particles do , and universes might , spontaneously arise from empty space , does address the intent behind popular claims that the universe could not have come into existence from nothing .
Once one has shown that universes can arise from empty space , not many people will remain so secure about their metaphysical intuitions that they will insist that empty spacetime itself must have come from something .
( ii ) Second , even if we do count spacetime as something , this would have no bearing on Vilenkin - type proposals .
At this point , critics contend that Vilenkin 's proposal requires quantum mechanics , and that the laws of quantum mechanics are " something . "
This is a strange claim , for two reasons : ( 1 ) It seems as though the critics wish to reify natural laws , which are not things , but just descriptions of the way things work .
It is unclear why one should regard the fact ( if it is one ) that universes come into existence from time to time in a manner describable by quantum mechanics , as a thing .
( 2 ) If if one does count facts as things , then nothingness is a logical impossibility : if nothing existed , then it would be a fact that nothing existed , meaning that at least one thing ( the fact that nothing exists ) exists , which would , in turn , contradict the original hypothesis .
Consequently , if one counts facts as things , then some fact must obtain ; but , if at least one fact must obtain , why should it not be the fact that quantum mechanics applies ?
Conclusion
I have not attempted to argue that the universe did come from nothing , or even to survey everything in cosmology or philosophy that bears upon the question of whether or not the universe was created .
All I have attempted to do is to argue that an atheistic universe ex nihilo , in both a popular and a technical understanding of nihil , is possible .
Even that modest step is bitterly contested by many theists , but modern physics appears to underwrite it decisively .
Supporting Quotes
[ Q1 ] Paul Davies :
In the everyday world , energy is always unalterably fixed ; the law of energy conservation is a cornerstone of classical physics .
But in the quantum microworld , energy can appear and disappear out of nowhere in a spontaneous and unpredictable fashion .
( Davies 1983 : 162 )
[ Q2 ] Richard Morris :
The uncertainty principle implies that particles can come into existence for short periods of time even when there is not enough energy to create them .
In effect , they are created from uncertainties in energy .
One could say that they briefly " borrow " the energy required for their creation , and then , a short time later , they pay the " debt " back and disappear again .
Since these particles do not have a permanent existence , they are called virtual particles .
( Morris 1990 : 24 )
[ Q3 ] Paul Davies :
Even though we can't see them , we know that these virtual particles are " really there " in empty space because they leave a detectable trace of their activities .
One effect of virtual photons , for example , is to produce a tiny shift in the energy levels of atoms .
They also cause an equally tiny change in the magnetic moment of electrons .
These minute but significant alterations have been very accurately measured using spectroscopic techniques .
( Davies 1994 : 32 )
[ Q4 ] John Barrow and Joseph Silk :
[ Virtual particle pairs ] are predicted to have a calculable effect upon the energy levels of atoms .
The effect expected is minute — only a change of one part in a billion , but it has been confirmed by experimenters .
In 1953 Willis Lamb measured this excited energy state for a hydrogen atom .
This is now called the Lamb shift .
The energy difference predicted by the effects of the vacuum on atoms is so small that it is only detectable as a transition at microwave frequencies .
The precision of microwave measurements is so great that Lamb was able to measure the shift to five significant figures .
He subsequently received the Nobel Prize for his work .
No doubt remains that virtual particles are really there .
( Barrow & Silk 1993 : 65 - 66 )
[ Q5 ] Richard Morris :
In modern physics , there is no such thing as " nothing . "
Even in a perfect vacuum , pairs of virtual particles are constantly being created and destroyed .
The existence of these particles is no mathematical fiction .
Though they cannot be directly observed , the effects they create are quite real .
The assumption that they exist leads to predictions that have been confirmed by experiment to a high degree of accuracy .
( Morris 1990 : 25 )
[ Q6 ] Heinz Pagels :
Once our minds accept the mutability of matter and the new idea of the vacuum , we can speculate on the origin of the biggest thing we know — the universe .
Maybe the universe itself sprang into existence out of nothingness — a gigantic vacuum fluctuation which we know today as the big bang .
Remarkably , the laws of modern physics allow for this possibility .
( Pagels 1982 : 247 )
[ Q7 ] Stephen Hawking :
There are something like ten million million million million million million million million million million million million million million ( 1 with eighty [ five ] zeroes after it ) particles in the region of the universe that we can observe .
Where did they all come from ?
The answer is that , in quantum theory , particles can be created out of energy in the form of particle / antiparticle pairs .
But that just raises the question of where the energy came from .
The answer is that the total energy of the universe is exactly zero .
The matter in the universe is made out of positive energy .
However , the matter is all attracting itself by gravity .
Two pieces of matter that are close to each other have less energy than the same two pieces a long way apart , because you have to expend energy to separate them against the gravitational force that is pulling them together .
Thus , in a sense , the gravitational field has negative energy .
In the case of a universe that is approximately uniform in space , one can show that this negative gravitational energy exactly cancels the positive energy represented by the matter .
So the total energy of the universe is zero .
( Hawking 1988 : 129 ) [ thanks to Ross King for this quote ]
[ Q8 ] Paul Davies :
There is a still more remarkable possibility , which is the creation of matter from a state of zero energy .
This possibility arises because energy can be both positive and negative .
The energy of motion or the energy of mass is always positive , but the energy of attraction , such as that due to certain types of gravitational or electromagnetic field , is negative .
Circumstances can arise in which the positive energy that goes to make up the mass of newly - created particles of matter is exactly offset by the negative energy of gravity of electromagnetism .
For example , in the vicinity of an atomic nucleus the electric field is intense .
If a nucleus containing 200 protons could be made ( possible but difficult ) , then the system becomes unstable against the spontaneous production of electron - positron pairs , without any energy input at all .
The reason is that the negative electric energy can exactly offset the energy of their masses .
In the gravitational case the situation is still more bizarre , for the gravitational field is only a spacewarp - curved space .
The energy locked up in a spacewarp can be converted into particles of matter and antimatter .
This occurs , for example , near a black hole , and was probably also the most important source of particles in the big bang .
Thus , matter appears spontaneously out of empty space .
The question then arises , did the primeval bang possess energy , or is the entire universe a state of zero energy , with the energy of all the material offset by negative energy of gravitational attraction ?
It is possible to settle the issue by a simple calculation .
Astronomers can measure the masses of galaxies , their average separation , and their speeds of recession .
Putting these numbers into a formula yields a quantity which some physicists have interpreted as the total energy of the universe .
The answer does indeed come out to be zero within the observational accuracy .
The reason for this distinctive result has long been a source of puzzlement to cosmologists .
Some have suggested that there is a deep cosmic principle at work which requires the universe to have exactly zero energy .
If that is so the cosmos can follow the path of least resistance , coming into existence without requiring any input of matter or energy at all .
( Davies 1983 : 31 - 32 )
[ Q9 ] Edward Tryon :
[ T ]he laws of physics place no limit on the scale of vacuum fluctuations .
The duration is of course subject to the restriction ΔEΔt ~ h , but this merely implies that our Universe has zero energy , which has already been made plausible .
( Tryon 1973:397 )
[ Q10 ] Victor Stenger :
In general relativity , spacetime can be empty of matter or radiation and still contain energy stored in its curvature .
Uncaused , random quantum fluctuations in a flat , empty , featureless spacetime can produce local regions with positive or negative curvature .
This is called the " spacetime foam " and the regions are called " bubbles of false vacuum . "
Wherever the curvature is positive a bubble of false vacuum will , according to Einstein 's equations , exponentially inflate .
In 10 ^ - 42 seconds the bubble will expand to the size of a proton and the energy within will be sufficient to produce all the mass of the universe .
The bubbles start out with no matter , radiation , or force fields and maximum entropy .
They contain energy in their curvature , and so are a " false vacuum . "
As they expand , the energy within increases exponentially .
This does not violate energy conservation since the false vacuum has a negative pressure ( believe me , this is all follows from the equations that Einstein wrote down in 1916 ) so the expanding bubble does work on itself .
As the bubble universe expands , a kind of friction occurs in which energy is converted into particles .
The temperature then drops and a series of spontaneous symmetry breaking processes occurs , as in a magnet cooled below the Curie point and a essentially random structure of the particles and forces appears .
Inflation stops and we move into the more familiar big bang .
The forces and particles that appear are more - or - less random , governed only by symmetry principles ( like the conservation principles of energy and momentum ) that are also not the product of design but exactly what one has in the absence of design .
The so - called " anthropic coincidences , " in which the particles and forces of physics seem to be " fine - tuned " for the production of Carbon - based life are explained by the fact that the spacetime foam has an infinite number of universes popping off , each different .
We just happen to be in the one where the forces and particles lent themselves to the generation of carbon and other atoms with the complexity necessary to evolve living and thinking organisms .
( Stenger 1996 )
[ Q11 ] William Kaufmann :
Where did all the matter and radiation in the universe come from in the first place ?
Recent intriguing theoretical research by physicists such as Steven Weinberg of Harvard and Ya B. Zel ' dovich in Moscow suggest that the universe began as a perfect vacuum and that all the particles of the material world were created from the expansion of space ...
Think about the universe immediately after the Big Bang .
Space is violently expanding with explosive vigor .
Yet , as we have seen , all space is seething with virtual pairs of particles and antiparticles .
Normally , a particle and anti-particle have no trouble getting back together in a time interval ... short enough so that the conservation of mass is satisfied under the uncertainty principle .
During the Big Bang , however , space was expanding so fast that particles were rapidly pulled away from their corresponding antiparticles .
Deprived of the opportunity to recombine , these virtual particles had to become real particles in the real world .
Where did the energy come from to achieve this materialization ?
Recall that the Big Bang was like the center of a black hole .
A vast supply of gravitational energy was therefore associated with the intense gravity of this cosmic singularity .
This resource provided ample energy to completely fill the universe with all conceivable kinds of particles and antiparticles .
Thus , immediately after the Planck time , the universe was flooded with particles and antiparticles created by the violent expansion of space .
( Kaufmann 1985 : 529-532 )
[ Q12 ] Martin Bojowald :
Vilenkin 's tunneling condition relies on another effect of quantum mechanics , again a consequence of properties of the wave function .
A wave function can often penetrate barriers with its tails , even if those would be too high for a corresponding classical particle ... Vilenkin proposed in 1983 that the universe itself might have emerged by such a tunneling process .
Our universe would the tail of a pioneering wave function that had once penetrated the barrier of the big bang and its singularity .
But from where did the universe tunnel , and from where came the bulk of the wave function , whose tail our universe is supposed to be , before the tunneling process ?
Vilenkin's answer , obvious only at first sight : From nothing ...
One can hardly attribute physical meaning to tunneling from nothing in a literal sense .
Regardless , Vilenkin 's postulate does have sense with regard to the wave function of the universe , endowed by the tunneling condition with certain initial values at vanishing volume .
( Bojowald 2010 : 222 )
References
Barrow , John D. & Silk , Joseph .
1993 .
Left Hand of Creation .
London : J. M. Dent & Sons .
Bojowald , Martin. 2010 .
Once Before Time .
New York : Alfred A. Knopf .
Davies , Paul. 1983 .
God and the New Physics .
London : J. M. Dent & Sons .
Davies , Paul. 1994 .
The Last Three Minutes .
New York : BasicBooks .
Hawking , Steven .
1988 .
A Brief History of Time .
Toronto : Bantam .
Kaufmann , William J. 1985 .
Universe .
New York : W.H. Freeman & Co .
Morris , Richard .
1990 .
The Edges of Science .
New York : Prentice Hall .
Pagels , Heinz .
1982 .
The Cosmic Code . Toronto : Bantam .
Stenger , Victor .
1996 .
Inflation and creation .
URL : < http://www.colorado.edu/philosophy/vstenger/Cosmo/inflat.html>.
Spotted 15 April 2011 .
Tryon , Edward P. 1973 .
Is the universe a vacuum fluctuation ?
Nature 246 : 396-397 .
[ Added 12-17-09 : see related blog https://clarespark.com/2009/12/18/assimilation-and-citizenship-in-a-democratic-republic/, also https://clarespark.com/2011/06/16/the-antiquated-melting-pot/.
[ Update : By the free - standing individual , I do not mean a narcissist incapable of seeing beyond his long and crooked nose , but a rational person aware of his / her responsibilities as a citizen in a would - be democratic republic .
The policy of “ multiculturalism ” as currently envisioned by both Democrats and “ moderate ” Republicans confers terminal irrationality on the lower orders , leaving them to the tender mercies of an oligarchy . ]
The blogs on this website comprise a series of focused studies on the modern practice of the historian ’s craft .
Their unifying theme is the attempt by “ interdisciplinary ” scholars to discredit the tools upon which historians have depended since the mid-nineteenth century , specifically archival research and the critical evaluation of sources in the interest of a relatively objective reconstruction of the past .
Leopold von Ranke is dead , having been supplanted by classroom activists opposing the “ essentially imperialist , racist , and patriarchal historical project ” of this country ” [ Spanos ] ; such ( essentialist ) labeling cannot be sustained with empirical evidence , hence scientific method is under assault by cultural historians of science .
This campaign by scholar - activists was not a post -1960s novelty , as some critics aver [ Kimball ] .
Social psychologists and sociologists allied with the 1930s Popular Front against fascism , before , during , and after WWII , transformed the democratic Enlightenments , analyzing their ideologies as protofascist , and presenting their own vision of the paternalistic organic society as “ genuine liberalism ” [ Adorno in The Authoritarian Personality ] .
I call this group the “ corporatist liberals . ”
In their hands , “ scientific ” history morphed into “ cultural history ” [ Carolyn Ware ] ; the Jeffersonian “ melting - pot ” ( as publicized in Israel Zangwill ’s play of 1908 ) was reinterpreted as forced assimilation to the materialist culture of a bourgeois liberal WASP elite [ Filler ] ; and the conception of the free - standing , self - managing American citizen dissolved into the individual - in - society , molded by “ cultural ” context , and possessing group ( ethnic or racial ) identity , hence bearing “ group facts ” that were incomprehensible to other races or ethnicities [ Robinson ] .
The corporatist liberals ( led by Talcott Parsons and his circle at Harvard ) fostered postwar definitions of fascism and nazism that looked retrospectively at “ the puritan ” ( including the moral mother expanding her empire ) as not only a dangerous American type ( the narcissistic , hot - headed and cold - hearted imperialist ) , but “ romantic puritans ” were precursors to Hitler ( reconstructed as a hyper - capitalist ) and his genocidal policies : it was a straight line from New England antinomians to today ’s right - wing militias [ Brodhead , Bercovitch ] .
I believe my synthesis is original .
Scientists and mathematicians ( e.g. Paul Gross and Norman J. Levitt ) have protested the postmodernist misunderstanding of science , while other historians ( e.g. Windschuttle ) are dismayed by “ the killing of history ” by the post - 60s generation , but have not identified the possibly controlling sub -text of cultural histories explaining the rise of fascism / nazism : Fascism , abetted by science and technology in the hands of the upstart middle - class , the culturalists argue , demonstrates the failure of “ mass politics , ” i.e. popular sovereignty .
This synthesis has already been introduced in my book on the Melville Revival , but requires further elaboration .
Writing on behalf of the American Historical Association in 1939 , Carolyn Ware ( married to New Deal economist Gardiner Means ) advised that the cultural historian should not “ rest upon the prescription of the scientific historians to let the facts speak and to be guided wherever the material may lead . ”
A particularist definition of tolerance was central to corporatist liberalism in the early twentieth century .
Progressive social psychologists disseminating national programs of “ civilian morale ” in 1940 - 41 posited group diversity and advised the inclusion of minorities in government planning processes :
Working toward common goals , while utilizing the special qualities of _different_ ethnicities , would serve social harmony .
Such tolerance removed the threat of “ rupture ” by excluding the intellectual engagement of diverse belief systems with each other , a “ moderate ” strategy advanced by the Tory historian David Hume in the mid-eighteenth century as he contemplated unbalanced extremists : repressive Catholics and fanatical puritans , the latter seduced by the Old Testament and its “ eastern poetic ” or “ eastern prophetic style ” :
Crusading puritans were all - too - given to the dictates of individual conscience , primary source research [ reading the Tindal Bible ] , and unbounded curiosity [ Hume , Vol.3 ] ; while Catholic censorship was similarly disruptive as it created martyrs .
Hume ’s middle way , the promotion of rooted cosmopolitanism , is usually associated with the voelkisch thinker J.G. von Herder , and persists today as multiculturalism / ethnopluralism .
Following the tenets of romantic nationalism , all members of the same “ ethnic ” or “ racial ” group share inherited group character and economic interests – a corporatist formulation that compels dissenting individuals to submit to “ the community ” as defined by its natural leader ( s ) [ Robinson ] .
But there is also a Left critique of cultural nationalism , asserting the socially constructed character of ethnicity , seen as a post - Enlightenment phenomenon [ Sollors , 1989 ] .
Other antiracist critics , following Elias and Foucault , attribute nationalism and genocide to the Enlightenment or “ modernity ” [ Bauman ] : “ bourgeois liberals ” fortified by science and panopticons , they say , emerged to assume the command posts of culture , and in the “ civilizing process ” [ Elias ] ruptured the bonds of traditional communities , erasing folk knowledges and proclaiming all non-adherents to their middle - class notions of technological rationality as “ deviant . ”
Moreover , while complaining that nationalism mystifies class antagonisms , postcolonialists have collapsed the analytic category of “ class ” into “ race ” ; “ whiteness studies ” confer a corporatist unity upon all white people or “ the [ imperialist ] West . ”
While apparently rejecting “ imagined communities , ” these scholars deploy a communitarian discourse , embracing cultural pluralism , now corrected and updated as “ dynamically emerging group identit[ies ] ” [ Sollors , 1986 , 279 ] .
In practice , progressive cultural historians and literary scholars support identity politics .
The liberal component of the corporatist liberal ideology , then , consists in the tolerance of “ diverse ” groups with their unassailable “ points of view . ”
The hyphenated Americans co-exist under the rubric of American nationality , as long as each group eschews the triumphalism Hume and his admirers ascribed to moralizing puritans or Catholics .
Functionalist comparisons of Hebraic puritans with nazis served the objective of social “ equilibrium ” by removing the rationalist presence from the ethnopluralist “ mosaic ” or “ symphony . ”
The multiculturalists were necessarily antisemitic , insofar as Jews , like radical puritans , interpreted “ We the People ” as an entity that resisted irrationalist methods of social control in their search for “ a more perfect union . ”
This is a key point , for the social scientists and philosophers I am criticizing were irrationalists , rewriting American history to serve the higher goal of social cohesion in a pluralist society [ Lynd , Allport , Murray , Murphy ] , reinterpreting the legacies of Thomas Paine and Thomas Jefferson as precursors to the activist New Deal state [ Becker , Clark ] , and similarly “ integrating ” potential bomb - throwers while relegating scientific method to a bounded sphere of influence distant from , and lower than , the humanities [ Broughton ] , or , in cultural studies of science , going so far as to relativize scientific facts themselves as produced solely by institutional context in order to maintain a power elite [ Biagioli ] .
The efforts of the corporatist liberals resulted in the erasure or marginalizing of some key figures in American history , who , notwithstanding diverse political goals , all shared the same , now often proscribed , Hebraic i.e. , libertarian opinions and empiricist methods of analysis : that society was a collection of _individuals_ ; that the liberal state protected the human rights of every individual by guaranteeing equal treatment and opportunity ; that public education of high quality was indispensable for the attainment of popular sovereignty and the informed conscience ; that the marketplace of ideas must not be bounded ; and that American nationality consisted in the ongoing emancipation from illegitimate authority through appeals to reason .
Such emancipation was unthinkable without scientific method ( empiricism ) , institutional transparency and accountability , and ethical universalism .
The Yankee Doodle Society / Clare Spark website , then , has been devoted to libertarian figures whose motives and achievements have been denigrated either as causes of avoidable and catastrophic civil conflict ( Hutchinson , Sumner ) , or as conniving elitists , arrayed against “ the People ” ( Lippmann , Bunche ) in postwar corporatist liberal accounts of their careers .
I. Anne Hutchinson and the Antinomian Controversy ( 1636-38 ) .
While noting irreconcilable conflicts of interest between factions in the Massachusetts Bay Colony , the corporatist liberal critics of Hutchinson and her followers blame her for intransigence and lack of moderation .
She may also be viewed as a representation of the newly emerging free market , personified as an intruder by adherents to the moral economy of pre-capitalist societies [ Toennies ] .
II .
Massachusetts Senator Charles Sumner was one possible model for Melville ’s indomitable moral crusaders , Captain Ahab and Pierre .
The main precepts of Sumner ’s political principles were all publicized before Melville completed the writing of _ Moby - Dick_ ( mid-1851 ) : equality before the law , integrated schools , and rejection of slavery on both moral and legal grounds ( with the Declaration of Independence and the Preamble to the Constitution as precedents ) , along with the political struggle against the Slave Power as continuation of the American and French Revolutions .
Sumner was defamed by contemporaries as Hebraic , monomaniacal , and a moral terrorist [ Donald ] ; Sumner joins Melville ’s Captain Ahab as advocate of the republican messianism that has in turn been linked to Hitler and the Master Race .
III .
The Romantic Wandering Jew as emblem of antisocial science and empirical history , e.g. in Melville ’s “ geologic Jew ” Margoth .
Rival interpretations of the antebellum decades and the postwar basis for national unity are traced in the formulations of mechanical materialists ( inheritors of the Enlightenment ) versus those of organic conservatives , both in Melville ’s texts and in accounts of civil conflict and its avoidance , by Melville ’s contemporaries and the generation that followed .
IV .
Walter Lippmann ’s interwar writings on propaganda and the media have been misconstrued by Noam Chomsky and his followers as advocating “ the manufacture of consent . ”
Their accounts of “ spinmeister ” Lippmann as master manipulator are contradicted by Lippmann ’s constant reiteration of the pressing need for fact - finding in advanced industrial societies where competing truth - claims required evaluation by non-policy making experts , given the specialized knowledge produced in advanced industrial societies .
The elitism of peer review would be mitigated by citizens allowed a rigorous scientific education .
V. Ralph Bunche ’s political thought in the 1930s as related by recent cultural historians , who have either rebuked him as “ too white ” or claimed that he converted to Black Power late in life .
Bunche headed the field research team for Gunnar Myrdal and the Carnegie Corporation in the preparation of _An American Dilemma : The Negro Problem and American Democracy_ ( 1944 ) .
It was Bunche who instructed the Swedish economist in the precepts of “ the American Creed ” : America ’s core values ( democracy , rationalism , progress ) were those of the Enlightenment , however resistant some Americans undoubtedly were to the full realization of equality for its black population .
Myrdal , allied to corporatist liberals , rejected Bunche ’s empiricism , deploying Bunche and his Howard University colleagues ( “ economic determinists ” ) as the red specter that would be unleashed were Southern segregationists to resist political and economic reform .
Bunche , initially inspired by his evangelical Protestant grandmother , was writing in the radical puritan tradition , unlike Myrdal , praising the abolitionists , and confronting antisemitism in black nationalist ( Garveyite ) leadership and elsewhere ; whereas Myrdal suggested ( in the endnotes to his book ) that Jews were the most egregious exploiters of ghetto Negroes .
VI .
Parsonian functionalists have linked laissez - faire capitalism / unregulated markets to Hitler and the policies of the Third Reich [ Kershaw , 2000 , 67 ] , ignoring the degree to which numerous societies , including nazi Germany , resorted to bureaucratic collectivism to manage interwar economic crises .
Such attempts to distance New Deal policies from statist management in the dictatorships led to distorted accounts of Hitler ’s appeal and the rise of nazism , for populists and progressives in America and in the NSDAP similarly attacked the rule of “ finance capital ” as the source of division and decadence in “ the people ’s community ” or in various peoples ’ communities .
This study traces the intellectual history of multiculturalism ( including its implementation as policy ) from Herder to the present ( e.g. Andress , 1916 ) , to demonstrate that Parsonians have attempted to eject market - expanding puritans from the American landscape by linking the Enlightenment with Hitler ’s terror state and supportive “ fascist Republicans . ”
Hence Hitler was assigned stereotypical Jewish attributes in the wartime and postwar analyses of the functionalists ( e.g. Henry A. Murray , 1943 ) , as was America : the materialist Hitler , like the Chosen People , was a cynical swindler of the masses he purported to rescue from their oppressors [ Bramsted , Kershaw , 1987 , 3 ] .
Moreover , nazism and Zionism are often linked : Zionism is alleged to be “ essentially … voelkisch ” [ Noll , 75 ] .
Presumably the proto - nazi American psyche would heal through proofs that puritan mad scientists [ Hawthorne ] had led the cynical , gullible mob to ruin [ Arendt ] .
In sum , corporatist liberals rejected an eighteenth - century conception of the liberal nation based , not on hyphenated Americanism–a congeries of rehabilitated “ Others ” and their repentant ex-persecutors – but upon a shared project : the cooperative search for truth and amelioration .
Such an enlightened quest did not repudiate the past , thus alienating ex-slaves and immigrants from their cherished ancestors , but rather furthered understanding of the choices that shaped prior institutions and beliefs , without idealization of leaders or the led .
By substituting cultural ( i.e. irrationalist ) interpretations of history for empirical studies of the political and economic conditions ( including their contending ideologies ) that facilitated the rise and maintenance of fascist dictatorships , ethnopluralist progressives switched the Enlightenment and undermined an appropriately critical and functioning democratic polity .
BIBLIOGRAPHY OF WORKS CITED
Adorno , T. W. et al .
_ The Authoritarian Personality_ .
Harper , 1950 .
Allport , Gordon W. , and Henry A. Murray .
“ Worksheets on Morale : A series of explorations undertaken by a seminar in Psychological Problems in Morale in the Department of Psychology at Harvard University … ” 1941 .
Harvard University Archives .
Andress , J. Mace .
_ Johann Gottfried Herder as an Educator_ .
G. E. Stechert , 1916 .
Arendt , Hannah .
“ The Concentration Camps . ” _ Partisan Review_ .
July 1948 .
Bauman , Zygmunt .
_ Modernity and the Holocaust_ .
Cornell UP , 1989 .
Becker , Carl .
“ What Is Still Living in the Political Philosophy of Thomas Jefferson ? ” Address to The American Philosophic Society , April 22 , 1943 .
Bercovitch , Sacvan .
_ The Rites of Assent_ . Routledge , 1993 .
Biagioli , Mario .
“ Civility , Society , and Scientific Discourse . ” _ Clark & Center Newsletter_ 21 ( Fall , 1991 ) : 2 - 3 .
Bramsted , Ernest K. _Goebbels and National Socialist Propaganda 1925 - 1945 _.
Michigan State UP , 1965 .
Brodhead , Richard .
“ The Book That Ruined Melville . ” _ New York Times Book Review_ , Jan.7 , 1996 , p.35 .
Broughton , John M. “ Babes in Arms : Object Relations and Fantasies of Annihilation . ”
In _ The Psychology of War and Peace : The Image of the Enemy_ , ed. Robert W. Rieber .
Plenum Press , 1991 .
Clark , Harry Hayden .
Introduction .
_ Thomas Paine : Representative Selections_ .
American Book Co. , 1944 .
Cohen , I. B. Introduction .
_ Puritanism and the Rise of Modern Science_ .
Rutgers UP , 1990 .
Donald , David Herbert .
_ Charles Sumner and the Coming of the Civil War_. Knopf , 1960 .
Elias , Norbert .
_ Power and Civility_.Vol .
2 . Pantheon , 1982 .
Filler , Louis .
“ Randolph Bourne . ” Washington , D.C. : American Council on Public Affairs , 1943 .
Gross , P. and N.J. Levitt .
_ Higher Superstition : The Academic Left and Science_ . Johns Hopkins UP , 1994 .
Hume , David .
_ The History of England From The Invasion of Julius Caesar to the Revolution of 1688 _.
Vol. 3 . Boston , 1856 .
Vol.
6 . London : Dove , 1822 .
Kallen , Horace .
_ Culture and Democracy in the United States : Essays in the Group Psychology of the American Peoples_ .
Boni and Liveright , 1924 .
Kershaw , Ian .
_ The ‘ Hitler Myth ’ : Image and Reality in the Third Reich_ .
Clarendon Press , 1987 .
____ .
_ The Nazi Dictatorship : Problems and Perspectives of Interpretation_ .
Fourth ed. Oxford UP , 2000 .
Kimball , Roger .
_ Tenured Radicals : How Politics Has Corrupted Our Education_ .
Harper & Row , 1990 .
Lynd , Robert S. _ Knowledge For What ?_ Princeton UP , 1939 .
______ .
“ Who Calls The Tune ? ” _ Education for Democracy : The Debate over the Report of the President ’s Commission of Higher Education_ , Gail Kennedy , ed. D.C. Heath , 1952 .
Murphy , Gardner .
“ Essentials for a Civilian Morale Program in American Democracy . ”
In _Civilian Morale : Second Yearbook of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues_ . Reynal and Hitchcock , 1942 .
Murray , Henry A. “ Analysis of the personality of Adolph [ sic ] Hitler … . ”
Confidential report , Oct. 1943 .
FDR Library , Hyde Park , New York .
Myrdal , Gunnar .
_ Objectivity in Social Research_ .
Pantheon , 1968 .
Noll , Richard .
_ The Jung Cult_ . Princeton UP , 1994 .
Parsons , Talcott .
_ Essays in Sociological Theory_ .
The Free Press , 1954 .
Robinson , Armstead L. _Black Studies in the University : A Symposium_ .
Yale UP , 1969 .
Sollors , Werner .
“ A Critique of Pure Pluralism . ”
In _Reconstructing American Literary History_ , ed. Sacvan Bercovitch .
Harvard UP , 1986 .
Sollors , Werner .
Introduction .
_ The Invention of Ethnicity_ .
Oxford UP , 1989 .
Spanos , Jr. , William V. _ The Errant Art of Moby - Dick : The Canon , the Cold War and the Struggle for American Studies_ .
Duke UP , 1995 .
Toennies , Ferdinand .
_ Community and Civil Society_ .
Cambridge UP , 2001 .
Ware , Carolyn F. Introduction .
_ The Cultural Approach to History_ .
Edited for the American Historical Association .
Columbia UP , 1940 .
Windschuttle , Keith .
_ The Killing of History_ . Free Press , 1997 .
We keep coming back to videogames for the same reasons we always have .
Or do we ?
Games in 2009 look considerably different now than they did in 2000 , and not just because the graphics have improved .
What was once a lonely pursuit has gotten social , whether by way of a party - friendly round of Rock Band or a late - night online session of Modern Warfare .
The thrills have gotten more complicated , too .
Even the shoot - ’em - ups are n’t just about shooting ’em up anymore .
( Or at least not shooting ’em up without some careful planning . )
As the ’00s close , The A.V.
Club offers our picks for the 15 games that pushed things forward .
Advertisement
15 . SSX 3 ( EA Sports BIG , 2003 )
After the first two games in the SSX snowboarding series spread their action across a disparate bunch of wacky , gimmick - heavy tracks , it seemed like an unwise departure for SSX 3 to condense its competitions onto a single mountain .
But SSX had always been about maintaining your flow — whether racing at top speed or executing elaborate mid-air tricks — and SSX 3 extended that sensation of flow to the entire experience .
Instead of hopping between individual competitions , SSX 3 instills the sense of a single journey through a gorgeous , tactile landscape .
With only two lackluster follow - ups since 2003 , the series appears to be in cold storage , a baffling case of neglect given that SSX 3 holds up better than any other sports game of its generation .
Advertisement
14 . The Sims ( Electronic Arts , 2000 )
More than anything else , The Sims is about breaking the simulation - game genre down to its most basic components .
By keeping the focus on a single household , the game allows for a previously unimagined amount of detail in your characters ’ personalities , looks , and life paths .
It doubles as an exercise in architectural design , as the engine for building and furnishing homes gave players free rein in building the home where they spend all their time with their characters .
While some condemned The Sims as simply a virtual dollhouse , the ability to build people from the ground up to watch them grow , build families , and achieve their goals — or capriciously ruin their lives — provides nearly endless hours of play to satisfy control freaks .
Advertisement
13 . Ninja Gaiden ( Tecmo , 2004 )
No other form of media values doing cool shit over logic and common sense to the extreme that videogames do .
The quintessential example of style over substance is 2004 ’s reboot of the arcade and NES - era classic Ninja Gaiden .
The head - scratching story of ninja Ryu Hayabusa appears to pride itself in making as little sense as possible .
The game also prides itself on its brutal difficulty .
Only the most dedicated gamers ever saw it through to its final , nonsensical battle , but those who did were treated to a unforgettable dose of the nutty , old - school challenges that have become painfully rare in the games of recent years .
Advertisement
12 . Braid ( Microsoft Game Studios , 2008 )
Few game designers can speak so lucidly or argue so forcefully about games as Jonathan Blow .
His lectures and interviews would be valuable enough if he had n’t brought his talent to bear on Braid .
The game ’s signature success is that it conveys a set of ideas that Blow could only explain through the game itself .
Players are introduced to new ways of moving through time and space , which they come to understand by mastering Blow ’s puzzles .
It ’s a short game , as Blow never wastes time with redundant content .
And it ’s difficult , but Blow implores you not to look up the answers .
As the only true indie on this list , Braid epitomizes some of the scene ’s clichés : the text , the music , and David Hellman ’s illustrations are lovely but precious , and the auteur behind the game is demanding .
But Braid also demonstrates how successfully a tiny team can marry intellectual rigor to addictive , intuitive gameplay .
Advertisement
11 . Advance Wars ( Nintendo , 2001 )
Advance Wars hit store shelves on the inopportune street date of September 11 .
And at first blush , its candy - colored , carefree approach to warfare seemed horribly out of sync .
But in the months to come , the game ’s streamlined , turn - based battles — the perfect gateway drug for the tactically curious — provided a kind of Zen escape , allowing players to control the simple , ordered machinations of military units from a safe , Ender - like distance .
You did n’t just play , you were consumed — compelled to conquer every challenge , earn every S - rank , unlock every extra map .
Advance Wars may be a naïve bit of paramilitary escapism , but it remains one of the best .
When it comes to digesting the real horrors of war , that ’s just how we Americans roll .
Advertisement
10 . Left 4 Dead ( Valve , 2008 )
After years of educational and “ serious ” games claiming they teach social values or life lessons , Left 4 Dead has finally done it .
Total strangers on the Internet learn to work together , share their knowledge , and even give up their health packs , because the game ’s demands are so clear :
Work with your teammates , or you ’ll die .
In creating desperate situations that drive people together , Left 4 Dead gets everything right .
Good aim helps , but not as much as patience and attentiveness .
The seemingly random onslaughts dictated by the AI keep players constantly on edge , and while each campaign has a thin framework , their stories never get in the way of the one you create on the fly .
Lifelong friendships are tested by the final scene , as you witness which of your friends will come back to free you from a mob and haul you to safety — and which ones turn tail and run .
Advertisement
9. Final Fantasy XII ( Square Enix , 2006 )
It would have been enough had Final Fantasy XII eliminated random encounters .
The tedious cycle of “ walk three steps , fight a battle , return to step one ” had dominated console role - playing games for an unacceptably long time , so Final Fantasy XII ditched it , then went further .
Borrowing the best ideas from the MMO sphere , the game not only brought the bad guys out in the open where you could see ( and avoid ) them , it also cut way back on tedious menu navigation with the Gambit system , freeing players to make larger strategic decisions .
By removing the separation between exploration and combat , Final Fantasy XII created a seamless world whose various locales rewarded repeat visits .
Vibrant art direction and a straightforward story about the temptations of power complemented the huge improvements to battle , making Final Fantasy XII the most enjoyable Japanese RPG since Chrono Trigger .
Advertisement
8. Grand Theft Auto : Vice City ( Rockstar Games , 2002 )
The Grand Theft Auto series is known for masking clever satires of American culture with gleeful violence , and Vice City , a parody of 1980s Miami , makes the ideal setting for the decadence the series simultaneously idealizes and lampoons .
Mafioso in Hawaiian shirts , polyester - clad cocaine lords , and petty moguls form the cast of caricatures the series does so well , populating a world where the excesses of its crime - spree gameplay feel appropriate .
GTA ’s intelligence is often lost in the hullabaloo over its violence , but Vice City simply asks players to be as absurd as the characters around them , creating a plausible , neon - soaked fiction that ’s as funny as it is canny .
Rockstar burdened San Andreas with too many disparate activities and rendered GTA IV with inappropriate gravitas , making Vice City the best whole - package showcase of the series ’ brilliance .
Advertisement
7. Ico ( Sony , 2001 )
Ico is a clever - enough hybrid of action game and brain - teaser , but its story of a nameless horned boy rescuing Yorda , a spectral girl , captured gamers ’ imaginations with its subtlety .
In a world of lonesome cathedrals and threatening shadows , the two must cross a language barrier to cooperate , expressing ideas on platonic love and universal language by poignantly — and now iconically — holding hands .
It was an introduction to the minimalist directorial vision of Fumito Ueda ; cemented in the later Shadow Of The Colossus and in 2010 ’s highly anticipated The Last Guardian , his worlds are rich with the suggestion of narrative , but they leave players to fill in the blanks .
With Ico , Ueda became one of the earliest designers to introduce the idea that games can be art , and the title must be considered an essential milestone in the medium ’s emotional maturation .
Advertisement
6. World Of Warcraft ( Blizzard Entertainment , 2004 )
Blizzard has faced plenty of competition since it all but conquered the MMORPG market with World Of Warcraft .
But while Age Of Conan , The Lord Of The Rings Online , Warhammer Online , and a handful of other titles have tried to assault the game ’s loyal subscriber base , none have been able to offer the consistent quality that has kept millions of players logging into WOW year after year .
Even after two expansions , the game has stayed true to the goal of having something for everyone , with content to satisfy both casual players who explore solo and the more dedicated legions who thrive on joining dozens of other players for battles that require intense focus and precise coordination .
The addictive quality comes from the fact that there ’s always something more to do , whether it ’s another quest to complete , a piece of gear to search for , or more players to kill .
Advertisement
5. Portal ( Valve , 2007 )
The legend of Portal starts with a fledgling team of still - in - school gamemakers who pitched a concept to Valve ’s Gabe Newell , walked away with a deal , and eventually delivered a masterpiece .
Their brilliant portal mechanic and the extensive playtesting that perfected the puzzles made this an excellent game .
But credit also goes to Valve for what they brought to the table : a writing team that stitched the levels together with hilarious but meaningful dialogue ; one of the decade ’s best villains , the complex , conflicted GLaDOS ; the subtle integration into the wider Half - Life universe ; and the fact that GLaDOS not only eludes you at the end , but comes back and sings you a farewell , penned by geek troubadour Jonathan Coulton .
Who thinks of something like that ?
Valve , that ’s who .
With Portal , the company proved itself as adept at spotting talent and creating pop culture as it is at shipping great games .
Advertisement
4. Rock Band ( MTV Games / Electronic Arts , 2007 )
Rhythm games have frequently courted non-gamers — what better hook to reel in newbies than catchy tunes ? — but none dominates a party like Rock Band .
The four - player experience accommodates precise , determined players and drunken fools all in the same session .
What other party game can satisfy all of the people all of the time ?
It was made by musicians for everyone ; its devotion to music is evident in song selections that skirt the mainstream and animations that replicate onstage performance as lovingly as Madden seeks to mirror football .
Where prior music games were limited by static disc - based releases , a constant supply of optional downloadable content makes Rock Band the only music game that persistently thinks beyond the boundaries of physical releases .
That keeps it fresh and , not coincidentally , makes the title a bright light in the increasingly shadowy music biz .
Advertisement
3. Fallout 3 ( Bethesda Softworks , 2008 )
Some games have great storylines ; some have great worlds .
Bethesda Softworks ’ update of the Fallout series is a world - building triumph .
The Capital Wasteland is more than a massive chunk of irradiated real estate ; it ’s home to characters of every conceivable stripe , odd relics of a bygone civilization , and mutated new inhabitants that suggest evolution is n’t a process to be rushed .
Fallout 3 ’s crowning achievement is structuring the Wasteland as a framework in which players can pick and choose how they ’ll combine those ingredients to tell their own story .
Is the Wasteland the basis for a traditional Western , a cautionary Mad Max tale , or a balls - out action saga ?
It can be all of the above , and much more .
The measure of a game should never be a bottom - line summation of playable time , but the fact that Fallout 3 offers easily a hundred hours of post - apocalyptic storytelling can’t be overlooked .
Advertisement
2. Katamari Damacy ( Namco , 2004 )
Indie games existed long before 2004 , but there ’s a good argument for pegging Katamari Damacy as the catalyst that helped usher in the new wave of low - fi , handmade games .
Of course , Keita Takahashi ’s quirky game was n’t independently made .
He tricked his bosses at Japanese publisher Namco into letting him make an oddball game about rolling all the detritus of consumer culture into a huge ball , then launching it into space .
And in doing so , he cemented all the themes that would define the independent spirit of gaming : a quirky tone , experimental mechanics , twee art , and cooler - than - thou music .
Which together make Katamari Damacy a pure delight — a surrealistic , totally original confection with a nihilistic subtext .
Advertisement
1. BioShock ( 2K Games , 2007 )
A three - word pleasantry — “ Would you kindly ? ” — set up the most stunning plot twist in gaming history and made BioShock a lasting icon .
Many games have stolen its moral - choice device — witness the recent glut of “ Press A to kill , B to rescue ” situations — but the copycats miss the real insight of the “ Would you kindly ? ” moment , which showed players that the notion of choice in a game is just an illusion anyway .
It ’s all in how you execute the illusion , and BioShock uses every tool of the medium to tell its story of extreme libertarianism gone awry : richly characterized dialogue , the gloom of a crumbling Atlantis , the limitations of the first - person viewpoint .
It was a visionary effort , one that set the bar high for games that would follow — especially the upcoming BioShock 2 .
The flag was flown from one of Nelson 's warships , HMS Spartiate
The only surviving union jack from the Battle of Trafalgar could fetch £ 15,000 at auction after it was found in a drawer , auctioneers say .
The flag was flown from one of Nelson 's warships , HMS Spartiate , in the naval battle off the Spanish coast in 1805 .
It was presented by the 540 - strong crew to Fife - born Lieutenant James Clephan after the conflict , a high honour bestowed upon an officer by his men .
The flag is being sold by one of his descendants living in Australia .
Clephan , who later went on to command his own ship , was one of the few men to have risen through the ranks and was greatly admired by his crew .
The flag , measuring 7ft 4in x 11ft 7in , is made of 31 panels sewn together by the crew on board the ship .
It bears a number of " battle scars " - holes caused by shot and shell splinter damage sustained during the conflict .
The union jack will go under the hammer later this month after being put up for sale by one of Clephan 's descendants .
I think it's hard to overstate the historical importance of this flag
Charles Miller
Flag owner
It was treasured by his family , who kept it in a drawer to preserve it .
Auctioneers expect the flag to fetch £ 10,000 to £ 15,000 .
Charles Miller , through his own auction house , is selling the piece in London on 21 October , Trafalgar Day .
He said the flag was the only known surviving union jack from the battle .
" I think it 's hard to overstate the historical importance of this flag , " he said .
" This was the greatest naval action ever fought .
" The great thing about the flag is it 's one of the most emblematic items you can get from Trafalgar .
" This is a bit of naval hardware that has actually served in the action . "
Clephan , from Scoonie in Fife , spent his early years as an apprentice weaver and went on to join the Merchant Navy .
He retired in 1840 with the rank of captain and lived in Edinburgh for 11 years until his death at the age of 83 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Police are trying to find a man who rescued a driver when her car ran off a road and into the waters at Tascott on the New South Wales central coast on Sunday .
Investigators say a 20 - year - old Ettalong Beach woman was distracted by a flying insect when her vehicle veered off the road , went over a wall and landed in the water on its roof at about 7:30 pm .
An unknown man dived into the water to pull her out of the car and onto the shore .
Ambulance crews arrived and the woman was taken to Gosford Hospital as a precaution .
By the time they arrived the man had disappeared .
Inspector George Bradbury says the mystery rescuer should come forward so his bravery can be formally recognised .
" He 's saved this young lady 's life , " he said .
" Obviously we 'd like to talk to him so if he's out there somewhere we 'd like him to contact Gosford Police Station . "
The rescuer , or anyone with information about him , can contact Gosford police via Crimestoppers on 1800 333 000 .
A last - minute Lisandro equaliser left Liverpool all but out of this season 's competition .
On the plus side , their passage into the Europa League knockout stages is almost certainly assured
Good evening all :
The white flags have been laid down and the surrender monkeys are fighting back .
It 's been a good week so far for French clubs in the Champions League , with Bordeaux and Marseille notching up wins against Bayern Munich and FC Zurich respectively .
Tonight Lyon will hope to make it a trifecta when they take on Liverpool in a match many visiting supporters are describing as " the most important match this club has played since last Saturday 's drubbing at the hands of Fulham . "
Presuming that Fiorentina beat Debrecin in tonight 's other Group E game , anything other than a win for Liverpool tonight will almost certainly end their hopes of making the knockout stages of this season 's Champions League ( progress would still be mathematically possible , but would require the kind of miracle Liverpool just are n't in the running for these days ) .
Arriving at the Stade Gerland on the back of six defeats out of their last seven matches in all competitions , Rafa Benitez has been further hamstrung by injuries to Steven Gerrard , Albert Riera , Martin Kelly , Martin Skrtel , Glen Johnson , Fabio Aurelio , Alberto Aquilani , Daniel Agger and David Ngog .
Having not been named in his side 's Champions League squad , Philipp Degen is also unavailable for selection .
That said , Lyon come into tonight 's game with problems of their own .
Three central defenders down as a result of Jean - Alain Boumsong , Mathieu Bodmer and Cléber Anderson being out injured , manager Claude Puel was also forced to strip Sidney Govou of the team captaincy after the midfielder was photographed lurching around a nightclub a couple of days before Lyon 's 1 - 0 win against the Sarah Cracknell fronted English dance act St Etienne .
Exciting team news : Despite being far from 100 % fit , in need of a hernia operation and having had an artist 's impression of his spermatic cord and scrotum published in the Sport section of yesterday 's Guardian , Fernando Torres will start for Liverpool .
Line -ups to follow ...
Lyon ( 4 - 3 - 3 ) : Lloris , Reveillere , Cris , Toulalan , Cissokho ; Pjanic , Makoun , Kallstrom ; Gomis , Bastos , Lisandro .
Subs : Vercoutre , Ederson , Govou , Delgado , Tafer , Gassama , Gonalons .
Liverpool ( 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 ) : Reina , Carragher , Agger , Kyrgiakos , Insua ; Lucas , Mascherano ; Kuyt , Voronin , Benayoun , Torres .
Subs : Cavalieri , Aquilani , Babel , Ngog , Spearing , Darby , Ayala .
Referee : Frank De Bleeckere ( Belgium )
First email of the evening : " What a vile Liverpool lineup , " writes Rich Wellum .
" Torres and Benayoun apart , there 's more talent to be seen at a cross- dressing Carnage party in Brighton . "
That really annoying advert for a well known betting exchange has just been on .
You know , that one where Danny Baker does the voiceover and a load of thirtysomething actors pretending to be football " fans " / white van driving " geezahs " are sitting around a testosterone - charged betting " front room " ( whatever the eff that is ) discussing ... y'know , football .
And who 's team is ... y'know , the best .
A couple of them look as if they 're about to square up like a pair of chimps , but eventually decide to put their money where their mouths are instead .
And that 's it .
There 's no punchline .
No jokes .
No gag or point of any kind ... so much so that a mate of mine thought these were actually genuine punters , not actors .
I disagreed .
After looking as if we were about to square up like a pair of chimps , we decided to put our money where our mouths were .
I won £ 10 from him by proving one of the people involved was Northern Ireland comedian Michael Smiley , a Brixton resident who played Tyres O'Flaherty in Spaced .
Pre-match niceties : Click - clack !
Click - clack !
Click - clack !
The teams emerge from the tunnel , with Lyon 's players kitted out in navy strip with red trim and Liverpool 's in all white .
1 min : Liverpool kick off .
They 've got out of stickier situations than this one in the Champions League before , but never with a team that looked this dismal on paper .
The first throw - in of the night goes to Liverpool and their stand - in right - back Jamie Carragher takes it .
2 min : Liverpool have lined up with Torres alone up front with Voronin behind him and Kuyt and Benayoun to his right and left respectively .
Lucas and Mascherano are patrolling the space between them and the back four of Carragher , Agger , Kyrgiakos and Insua .
Jayzus wept .
That 's a Liverpool team ?
Seriously ?
If they sent that side to play your pub -team in a pre-season friendly you'd be underwhelmed and have every right to feel aggrieved .
3 min : Dirk Kuyt swings a cross into the Lyon penalty area from the right wing , in the general direction of Fernando Torres .
Cris clears .
4 min :
In a challenge with Lisandro , Jamie Carragher handles the ball , then bundles the Lyon striker off the ball , prompting the referee to blow his whistle and award a free - kick to the home team in the Liverpool right - back position .
" What for ?!?! " screeches Carragher , putting his hands on his head .
Take your pick , Jamie .
7 min : Nothing comes from the free - kick .
Moments before it was awarded , Lyon had the first shot of the night in anger , when a Michel Bastos 25 - yard drive bounced in front of Pepe Reina , prompting the Liverpool goalkeeper grasped it to his chest .
8 min : Lyon attack down the left , courtesy of full - back Cissohko .
He squares the ball across the edge of the penalty area , where Lisandro lays it off to Bastos .
His shot is blocked .
9 min : For Lyon , Jean Makoun tries a shot from long range .
High and wide .
He 'd been given the ball by Cris , who 'd dispossessed Torres with a fine tackle on the right touchline and advanced up the field before teeing up his team - mate .
11 min : Insua advances down the left wing for Liverpool and attempts to squares a low ball into the Lyon penalty area .
It takes a defelction off a defender on the way , bounces into the path of Torres standing about 12 yards out from goal .
He snatches at it and prods the ball straight at Hugo Lloris in the Lyon goal .
He should have scored .
14 min : Lyon attack down the left wing courtesy of Cissokho again .
He sends a low cross into the Liverpool penalty area , which Daniel Agger hacks clear .
The ball returns with interest when Lisandro tries a shot from distance .
His effort is on target , but does n't trouble Reina .
16 min : Liverpool go close again .
Insua gets another ball in from the left , the ball bounces nicely for Kuyt in the penalty area and instead of blasting it past Lloris , he tries to place it and the goalkeeper is able to stretch out a hand and tip his effort over the bar .
From the ensuing corner , Kuyt gets a near - post flick - on , but there 's nobody at the back post to capitalise .
18 min : Lyon substitution : right - back Antoine Reveillere goes off , presumably injured , to be replaced by Lamine Gassama , a 20 - year - old making his first appearance of the season .
20 min : Gassama gets his first touch of the season , picking up a pass and prodding the ball through the centre circle for Miralem Pjancic to chase .
Sotiros Kyrigiakos beats him to it .
21 min : A reader has written in to accuse me of being racist for calling the French surrrender monkeys , while another , Thomas Cope , wants to know why both tonight 's teams are playing without shirt sponsors .
25 min : Liverpool string about 30 passes in a row together to get the ball from thjeir goalkeeper Pepe Reina all the way up the field and then all the way back down the field to Pepe Reina .
For a side that has to win tonight , they 're doing a very passable impersonation of a team that would be more than content to draw .
27 min : Voronin blows a great chance to put Liverpool one up having been put clean through on goal by a long ball from Lucas in midfield .
He let the ball drop over his right shoulder and bounce in front of him , but with only Hugo Lloris the Lyon goalkeeper to beat , he side - footed a feeble effort straight at him .
Where 's the guile ?
Why did n't he just blast it ?
30 min : " Alcohol sponsorship is banned in France , " writes Rob Sutton .
" That is why Liverpool have none tonight .
Lyon have none because they are French and no one wants to sponsor them . "
31 min :
The referee reaches for his pocket , pulls out a yellow card and waves it in Daniel Agger 's face after penalising the Liverpool centre - half for a foul on Gomis .
It was a fair kop .
33 min : Lisandro gets booked for upending Dirk Kuyt .
" Monsieur Tual has it wrong , " writes Brent Braga .
" France is a multi-cultural , multi-ethnic nation .
Your referring to the French as ' surrender monkeys ' is chauvinistic , not racist . "
34 min : Elsewhere in this group , Fiorentina are beating Debrecen 1 - 0 in Italy .
If the scores were to remain the same in both matches , Liverpool would be in third place , five points behind Fiorentina , with only two games to play .
36 min : Agger and Benayoun combine well down the left wing , with the Israeli eventually pulling the ball back from the byline , only to see nobody following up in support .
Liverpool are definitely having the better of things the longer the half goes on , but still appear to be playing very cautiously .
37 min : From the right flank , Carragher sends a searching cross into the Lyon penalty area .
Benayoun contests the high ball , but Gassama the substitute heads clear .
39 min: Lyon are forced into another substitution : Miralem Pjanic , injured in a challenge with Emiliano Insua , off ; Ederson on .
It 's a straight swap : one right sided midfielder for another .
41 min : Good news for Liverpool - Debrecen have equalised with Fiorentina in Italy .
42 min : " Liverpool have to play cautiously , " writes Richard in Bangkok , by way of reply to my comment in the 36th minute .
" Insua could lose an elephant in a field and Kyrgiakos and Carragher can't tackle . "
To be fair , Richard , Insua is doing quite well tonight ... in so far as he has n't given away any goals to the opposition and has got two crosses into the Lyon penalty area .
Needless to say , he 's now being patronised to within an inch of his life by ITV commentator Clive Tyldesley .
There are someplayers on this Liverpool team who he'd praise if they successfully put one foot in front of the other without falling over .
45 min : Liverpool win a free kick , just inside the right touchline , way , way out .
Voronin sends it into the penalty area , Mascherano falls over and Toulalon heads clear .
45+1 win : Liverpool win a corner which Voronin refuses to take , getting Benayoun to do so instead .
Is the Ukrainian 's confidence so shot to pieces that he 's too much of a nervous wreck to take a corner now ?
Half - time : Liverpool go into the break all square with Lyon , knowing they could be three up and should be at least one up .
They should win comfortably if both teams keep playing like they have been for the past 30 minutes .
Half - time query : " If the teams have n't got adverts on their shirts how will we know what to buy ? " asks David Barratt , not unreasonably .
Pompey Pete writes : " Carlsberg have missed a trick on the shirt sponsorship thang .
If Heineken can get round the Gallic ' booze ban ' with a board on the half - way line with a quite wanky ' Star Experience ' line , why
do n't Liverpool go for ' Probably ...' on their shirts ?
It would allow hacks all over the world to insert such classics on tomorrow 's back pages as '... sacked in the morning !' or '... the best odds for the next managerial dismissal ' etc and so on .
Looking forward to your Football Weekly ... Extra vidcast tomorrow . "
Oh , that .
At 7.30 pm GMT ?
Tomorrow ?
I 'm not looking forward to it one bit .
Probably ... the worst idea in the history of Guardian multimedia innovations .
Ed Whatley is here to take exception with Richard in Bangkok 's match analysis in the 36th minute .
" Carragher can't tackle ? " he harrumphs .
" So probably the last 10 years have been filled with last ditch cake - baking sessions , well timed bon mots or forceful diplomatic interventions .
Not tackles .
The 400 odd appearances have all been at centre - forward , right ?
Christ . "
That 's your fabled Scouse sense of humour right there , folks .
You leave the words " any more " off the end of an email and those pedantic Liverpool fans swarm all over you like locusts .
Second - half :
An indignant Pompey Pete has written to point out that his name is actually Pompey Paul .
Pete / Paul / To - may - to / To - ma -to .
While I 'd usually bow to a correspondent 's superior knowledge in such matters , I prefer Pompey Pete , so that 's what it is from now on .
I 'm sure you 've been called worse and it's not as if you do n't have more important things to be worrying about .
46 min : Lyon are harshly denied a free - kick right on the edge of the Liverpool penalty area when Lisandro is fouled by Insua .
Some referees would have given a penalty for that .
47 min : Lyon attack down the right flank , Cissohko crosses from the touchline and Ederson sends a volley high over the bar .
48 min : " Wales ' rugby team is sponsored by Brains , a Cardiff brewery .
When they play in France , they replace ' Brains ' with ' Brawn ' , " writes Nath Jones .
And there was me thinking they replaced it with Katherine Jenkins .
50 min : " On RTE , Johhny Giles has asserted that anybody would be better on the pitch than Andriy Voronin , " writes Dave Mc . " As someone who still gets cold sweats when contemplating Djimi Traore 's contributions in a red shirt , I can't but disagree . "
51 min : Liverpool attack down the left wing , with Benayoun feeding Insua on the overlap .
The full - back sends another cross into the Lyon penalty area , but it 's hacked clear .
52 min : ITV1's man on the touchline has been speaking to Lyon 's manager , who thinks that his players have been overawed by the occasion and are concentrating too hard on playing for the draw that would see them through , rather than the win .
53 min : Lyon embark on a sortie into Liverpool 's half , but Javier Mascherano dispossesses Kim Kallstrom .
Throw - in for Lyon .
In Florence , the locals have gone 2 - 1 up against Debrecen .
55 min : " As if I 'm Scouse , " writes Ed Whatley , harrumphing for the second time tonight .
" I 'm a Liverpool fan , I 'm from somewhere indistinct in Surrey . "
56 min : Lyon attack again .
Lisandro plays the ball down the left touchline for Cissokho to chase .
He sends in a cross which Bastos heads over from about 14 yards .
57 min : Reina rushes out of his area , beats the dreadlocked Gomis to a through - ball from the middle and heads clear .
Fiorentina 3 - 1 Derbecen .
Liverpool really need to win this game or they 're as good as out of the competition and consigned to Europa League hell .
60 min : About five yards outside the Liverpool penalty area , Gomis is surrounded by four Liverpool players with no team - mates near him .
There 's nowhere for him to go , but Andriy Voronin decides to slide in and foul him anyway , moronically conceding a free - kick .
Kim Kallstrom fires it high and wide .
61 min : Fiorentina 4 - 1 Debrecin .
Liverpool really , really , really need to win this game or they 're as good as out of the competition and consigned to Europa League hell .
62 min : Corner for Lyon .
Kim Kallstrom sends it in from the left but his inswinger is too deep for Makoun and headed clear by Dirk Kuyt .
63 min : Reina needs to stay on his toes as a miss - hit Cisshoko cross morphs into a shot and needs to be dealt with at the near post .
64 min : Benayoun plays the ball down the left wing to Torres , but Makoun tackles and clears the danger .
Torres has had a very quiet night so far , but he 'll probably be left on as anyone with an ounce of sense would prefer a 20 % fit version of him to an Andriy Voronin firing on all cylinders ... if such a thing has ever been witnessed .
66 min : Voronin plays the ball into Torres , standing with his back to goal in the Lyon penalty area .
He turns and shoots , but his effort is blocked .
66 min : Liverpool substitution Babel for Voronin .
68 min : Relentless pressure from Liverpool .
From a narrow angle to the left of goal , Lucas shoots from a narrow angle , bringing a fine save out of Lloris .
The ball bounces loose and , standing with his back to goal , Kuyt does n't get much purchase on his attempted overhead kick and it's cleared on the line .
70 min : Lyon win a free - kick about 35 yards out .
Michel Bastos gets it over the wall and it dips .
Reina saves .
In Florence it 's Fiorentina 4 - 2 Debrecen .
If Fiorentina win and this is a draw , a win for Lyon in Italy would put Liverpool back in the competition .
Playing as cautiously and tentatively as they are tonight - surrender monkeys , anyone ? - I would n't bet on them to beat anybody .
73 min : Reina saves again after Lisandro pre-empted a disastrous Kyrgiakos back - pass and tried to intercept it .
The goalkeeper saw the danger coming and was alert enough to get to the ball first .
In Florence , it 's Fiorentina 5 - 2 Debrecin .
76 min : Quarter of an hour to go and Liverpool really need to score .
Lyon have used their last substitution , bringing their beer - drinking , disco - dancing former captain Sidney Gouvou on for Gomis .
77 min : Lyon go on the counter , the ball is played to Lisandro Lopez and he cuts in from the right past two Liverpool defenders .
From the edge of the penalty area on the right hand side , he tries to curl a shot around Reina and inside the far post .
Wide .
79 min : Daniel Agger pulls down Ederson about three yards outside the Liverpool penalty area , well right of centre .
Ederson appeals to the referee to show Agger a second yellow card , but none is forthcoming .
Kellstrom sends the free - kick high over the wall and the crossbar .
GOAL !
Lyon 0 - 1 Liverpool ( Babel 82 )
From the inside left channel , Ryan Babel cuts inside three defenders and unleashes an unstoppable right - footed drive from 30 yards that screams past Hugo Lloris into the top left - hand corner .
That was an amazing goal .
84 min : Liverpool win a free - kick in the Lyon right - back position .
Babel decides to take it and , with team - mates queuing up in the penalty area , he sends a wayward shank out for a throw - in at the opposite side of the field .
The word " inconsistent " is bandied about when men talk of the Dutchman and he 's demonstrated exactly why in the last few minutes .
86 min : Liverpool substitution : Fernando Torres off , David Ngog on .
88 min : Down in the left corner , Yossi Benayoun plays the ball into the Lyon penalty area , teeing up Ryan Babel .
From a narrow - ish angle , he takes a wild slash , sending his shot wide .
GOAL ! Lyon 1 - 1 Liverpool ( Lisandro 89 )
The ball is swung across the edge of the Liverpool penalty area from the left .
Bastos leaps and flicks the ball goalwards , Lisandro muscles Kyrigiakos off the ball and pokes the ball past Reina into the top left - hand corner .
Liverpool are back in the mire .
90+1 min : It 's all over .
The surrender monkeys have , eh , come back at the death and sucker - punched Liverpool for the second time in a row .
They 're through to the last 16 and while Liverpool are n't out of the competition , they 're in all sorts of bother .
How the group stands .
With two games to go , Lyon are through with 10 points , Fiorentina are next with nine and Liverpool are in third place with five points .
Debrecin are in fourth place with no points .
Liverpool need to beat Fiorentina and Debrecin , while hoping Lyon do a number on the Italians too .
It 's possible , but very unlikely .
In his post - match interview , Jamie Carragher says that he still believes his team can go through to the knockout stages , but says that it " wo n't be the end of the world " if they do n't .
" Liverpool will go on , do n't you worry about that . "
He 's dead right too .
" Good Premier League football team is n't quite as good as it used to be , " is n't quite the sensational headline some hysterical journalists and fans are making out .
With Manchester City drawing their last four in the Premier League and Aston Villa going down 2 - 1 to West Ham tonight , it 's not as if the usual also - rans are queueing up to take their place in the Big Four pecking order , is it ?
• This article was amended on 25 January 2009 to remove the name of a reader , at his request .
What to remember when putting your kid to sleep
If you enjoy this post , make sure you subscribe to Be A Good Dad to receive new posts in your email or feed reader
After reading a couple blogs where people mention their childrens ’ bad sleeping habits , and after needing to get Pookie back to sleep after he decided to start reciting TV shows at 1 am last night , I decided that I should talk about how to get kids to sleep .
Here ’s a brief background .
Geetle and Pookie started sleeping through the night at about 10 weeks old .
12 hours a night .
Everynight .
We have had a couple of handfuls of nights where we needed to go help them in the middle of the night , but almost all of those have either been from sickness or wet beds .
Our kids are the best nighttime sleepers in the world .
How did they get that way ?
Here ’s my tips :
Sleeping is about sleeping .
You get to bond with your kid all day long .
When they are awake bond .
When they should be asleep , teach them how to sleep .
This means they need to be in their bed .
This means they should not have toys .
Stuffed animals and books are encouraged in our house .
Anything with batteries and flashing lights is not .
Sleeping is about routine .
We go upstairs at about 7 pm almost everynight .
We get dressed .
We brush teeth and wash faces .
Geetle and Pookie each pick out a story .
We sit on the reading spot ( currently a pile of pillows in the corner of their room ) and read the books .
Everybody hugs and kisses and we leave .
The last words our kids hear everynight are “ Goodnight Geetle .
Goodnight Pookie .
Goodnight all the things . ”
It is part of the routine .
Sleeping is about trusting mom and dad .
When the kids were little , we decided that we would teach them to sleep by comforting them if they needed it and as soon as they calmed down , we would leave .
The first couple nights we had to return every couple minutes , pick them up until they calmed down , and then leave .
They learned very quickly that if they needed us , we were there .
Sleeping is about not being too tired .
Napping is very important for young kids .
It is much more difficult to get an exhausted toddler to sleep then one who is just tired .
Even if they do not nap , a little bit of quiet time in their room in the afternoon can really recharge a little guy and make it much easier for them to sleep at night .
Sleeping is about filtering out the noise .
We vacuum at night .
We watch TV at night .
We talk at night .
Our kids quickly learned to filter out that noise .
When we have to go into the room to help one of them , the other one almost never wakes up .
Sleeping is about waking up .
Schedules are good for kids .
In addition to going to bed at a consistant time , we wake up at a consistant time , too .
I am normally up and out of the house between 5:30 and 6:00 .
The kids are normally awake between 6 and 7 .
Even on the weekends .
Every once in a while we will all sleep in until 9 on a Saturday , but it is definitely the exception .
Our kids ’ internal alarm clocks have become very precise .
Beagoodmom and I sometimes alternate sleeping in .
I will wake up with them on Saturday and she will on Sunday .
Sleeping is about remembering why you are there .
Last night , when Pookie had a little trouble falling asleep , I went in and told him that he had to stop talking .
I told him that it was time to go to sleep .
Each time he stopped talking , I left the room .
I did not talk in a way that would entertain him at all .
I did not pick him up .
I did not hug him .
I did not bring him something to drink .
I did not sing songs to him .
My entire mission was to remind him why he is in his room at 1 am .
He eventually went back to sleep without any fuss .
I do not claim to be a child sleep expert .
I do claim to be a father of two 3 1/ 2 year olds that both sleep well and have both slept well their entire lives .
A lot of the techniques that we use we learned and slightly modified from Tracy Hogg ’s book , Secrets of the Baby Whisperer .
I love this book .
We read it right around the time we brought the kids home from the hospital .
Her approach is different than a lot that I have read .
She advises that so much of the sleeping success is started long before you reach the bedroom .
She is a big advocate of getting into a daily routine .
Especially with infants .
Getting them used to the order of sleep , wake , eat , play helps them avoid confusion .
They learn the routine and are more involved with each phase because of it .
If you are having trouble getting your kid to sleep , go to the library , bookstore , Amazon , neighbor and pick up the book .
